There are times when I read something that is so wrong I just shrug my shoulders and fling it from my mind . Sometimes it 's so bad I draw attention to it so other people can share in my disdain . Then there are pieces of writing that are so woeful I feel the need to dive in and swim in the noxiousness of it , so I can fully understand it . This is one of those times .
Donal Lynch has written something I ca n't turn away from . It 's just too egregious . They describe themselves as supporting the repeal of the eighth amendment and in favour of a woman 's right to choose , but thinks every other pro-choicer is doing it wrong .
This is a link to the original article , from which I will be liberally quoting .
“ …that I felt the pro-choice movement consistently fails to deal with the central argument of the other side – that abortion ends a life. ” The pro-choice side ceaselessly deals with the fact that an abortion ends a life . Unfortunately , the complexity of this issue does not lend itself to soundbites . Nor does our media allow for uncontested examinations of an issue so steeped in philosophical , ethical and moral ambiguity . And in a campaign where our opponents are allowed to fill their 50 % of allotted time with lies , an in-depth discussion of this issue is impossible . How does one , in sixty seconds or less , explain that yes an abortion ends a life but what exactly is that life ? What value do we put on that life and how exactly does that that value alter over time ?
Yet we , as a movement , are successfully encompassing so many different groups and women who have varying experiences of , and attitudes to , abortion . There are women that mourn the loss of their babies ( aborted due to fatal foetal abnormalities ) . Women who had abortions to protect their own health , women who had abortions because the time was n't right for them to be mothers or never want to be mothers and others who have never had an abortion and would never have one , but feel it important for women to have the right . The continued existence of this incredibly broad coalition speaks to an understanding that abortion ends a life but that the meaning of this is ambiguous . Why not use your 1500 words in a national newspaper to tease this issue out rather than harangue campaigners who get abused for their efforts ?
“ I get the argument that “ demand ” makes it sound like a consumerist whim , but does n't the phrase “ on request ” sound like a timid plea by comparison ? ” Pro-choicers do want abortion on demand . Many others within the coalition want abortion to be limited to certain circumstances . Either way , the phrase has been poisoned by anti-choicers . As a soundbite it is used as a stick to beat women who experience crisis pregnancies . Perhaps one day the phrase will be reclaimed by pro-chociers , but someone who writes for a national newspaper should know , that at this point in time , ‘ on-demand ' has been shaped to evoke images of wanton women who want abortions instead of keeping their knees together .
“ For the shrill Repeal sisterhood , it 's not enough to want the same thing , we have to want it for the right reasons. ” In my experience , people who generalise about women using epitaphs like ‘ shrill ' tend to be tiny brained and tiny dicked man-children . But I do n't have the peer reviewed studies to back up what is essentially anecdotal evidence , so I must just leave this as an opinion .
“ the least successful abortion-rights movement in Europe is finally getting its act together. ” This is a statement that rings true as long as one does n't actually , you know , look at the facts . In 1983 , Ireland was a fundamentally different place than it is today , and even then , the eighth amendment passed with just 35.9 % of the electorate . Since then , there have been four referendums related to abortion , and the anti-choicers lost them all .
This current phase of campaigning is relatively new and despite the overwhelming conservatism of our politicians , some progress has been made . Why Ireland is one of the few nations in Europe to so oppress women is worthy of sociological , demographic and cultural study . All wonderfully rich topics someone with access to a national newspaper could delve into . Though not as easy as tossing insults at people who brave abuse as they campaign for abortion rights .
“ nobody is silencing women ” Are you fucking kidding me ? Is your head entirely up your arse ? Did it occur to you to ask any of the women who spoke about their abortions about the abuse they 've experiences from anti-choicers ?
“ They have always won. ” No they have n't . Remember the 12th , 13th , 14th and 25th amendments ? Remember the Protection of Life During Pregnancy Act . Do your bloody research .
“ The most basic question of all is , of course , the actual death of the foetus . Just as the pro-life brigade never fully engage with the experience of the woman , so pro-choice activists ignore the idea of the unborn child. ” I refer you to my response to your first quote with an addendum . More people in Ireland want increased access to abortion than realise that to get increased access we need to repeal the eighth amendment . And if the eight amendment was repealed tomorrow , access to abortion in this country would n't change . Have you noticed yet how complicated this is ? Engaging with the pricks with the placards is less important than explaining to as many people as possible that nothing can change before the eight is repealed and when it is repealed a whole new campaign must begin .
“ So how does the average person reconcile this vista and the knowledge that , hairsplitting aside , something with a heartbeat and a face must be a living thing , with support for abortions for those who want them ? The answer might be in the last place the Repealers would think to look : in the idea of redemption and atonement. ” Do you really want the 95 % of women who have an abortion and do n't regret it , to begin to feel guilty just so you can be taken seriously by the shrill sisterhood ? Are you that needy ? And again I refer you to the first quote .
“ And as for God – whose presence and attitude they frequently considered during this time – they were convinced that if they really did exist , that they must have the compassion to understand. ” Here you quote from a story to make a point about guilt . NO ! STOP IT ! The shrill sisterhood is done with religious guilt . That day has passed . It 's up to you to adjust to that , not for them to get back on their knees .
“ And perhaps like a lot of Irish people , we simply yearn for a proper language for the moral struggle around abortion. ” Why oh why is it important for you that women feel guilty or just plain bad for having an abortion ? Why must they experience emotional pain just so you can feel better about them having an abortion ? Have you any idea how sick and creepy that is ? Cop the fuck on .
“ There is a spiritual vacuum at the heart of Irish life . We have rejected the old Church – for good reasons – but in doing so , we have thrown the baby out with the bathwater. ” Really ? You thought this phrase was a good idea ?
“ Paradoxically , this has caused retrenchment to a rigid morality that has made us the odd man out in Europe for abortion rights. ” Malta ? Poland ? Northern Ireland ?
“ Abortion is a complex issue that affects at least three living beings in every case – the mother , the father and the foetus . It is about pain and death – this needs to acknowledged – and there needs to be a language of grief and respect around it. ” Wow , you really ca n't let go of the idea that women need to suffer for you to allow them to have abortions . You ca n't get your head around the idea that for every one hundred women who have an abortion there are one hundred different experiences . They range from relief all the way to regret with a multitude of other emotions mixed in . However , for the vast majority , the experience is a positive one .
“ But acknowledging these issues not only shows respect for the terrible responsibility of the woman ( her ‘ choice ' ) , it takes on the pro-life lobby on their own spiritual turf . It beats them with their own crucifix. ” I can only guess here that you mean anti-choicers will stop hating women who have abortions if they say how horrible having an abortion was and how bad they will feel for the rest of their lives ? Perhaps if every woman who has ever had an abortion came out tomorrow saying it was the worst thing they could have ever done , we will have abortion on demand the day after ?
“ It 's often presumed that if the Eighth Amendment were removed that we would eventually get what they have in England – where there are roughly 200,000 abortions a year and the procedure is basically used like a contraceptive ( over one-third of UK abortions are for women who have previously had one ) . ” And 66 % of women who have abortions in the UK were using contraception at the time and over half of women who had abortions were already mothers . I hope they all felt bad about it too .
“ Women , and sometimes men , come to stand before these mystical monuments to express their grief , sadness , confusions and hopes of forgiveness. ” Your guilt fetish is beginning to scare me now .
“ They will never acknowledge that , at the heart of abortion , is the fact that it is one life for another , an impossible decision – different for every woman – that must somehow be made. ” Impossible decision ? But these guilt free Irish harlots are having over 4000 abortions a year ? It 's not impossible , it 's not even improbable . It 's basic health care .
There are occasions when it is an event of great tragedy , as in the case of fatal foetal abnormality . Or when the pregnancy is the result of a rape . But tragedy does not equal guilt . Women in these circumstances require support and compassion , not an expectation that they feel guilty or a requirement that they prostrate themselves at some shrine for having committed the great sin of making the best choice for them .
“ This is a terrible shame . Facing up to these issues might go some way toward bringing along the ‘ mushy middle ' of Irish society , who have long accepted we must change our constitution ( just look at all the polls ) , but still ca n't quite bring themselves to flag-wave for abortion. ” Irish people will only repeal the eighth if women pretend they were traumatised by their abortions ?
“ And maybe one day , in the not-too-distant future , we principled , determined Repealers can take our own spirituality , candles and rosary beads ( I have a beautiful set from my grandmother ) , and join the likes of Youth Defence in grieving for the dead. ” You fucking clown .
Reading this I am left with the impression that Donal Lynch might actually support a woman 's right to choose but ca n't get their head around the fact that women are not broken by the experience . It 's not an entirely uncommon fallacy . It 's that or they think women should feel broken by the experience . That 's also not an uncommon attitude . The first can , eventually , be countered by stats and women revealing more of their medical history than they should ever have to . The second , however , is a profoundly unsettling attitude that appears to animate much of the hate that emanates from the anti-choice side . That sexually active women are not penalised for being sexually active enrages anti-choice bigots beyond reason or restraint .
So swimming in this bullshit has had some benefit for me . I now understand better some of our ‘ allies ' and equally I understand better some of our enemies . All we need now is for women to pretend to feel guilty and see if it helps the cause .
Humanitarian chief warns capacity in affected countries on brink of collapse as US vows to send in 3,000 troops to fight epidemic
President Barack Obama called the Ebola epidemic in west Africa a potential threat to global security as the White House pledged to send 3,000 troops to fight the worst ever outbreak of the disease in history .
`` If the outbreak is not stopped now , we could be looking at hundreds of thousands of people infected with profound political , economic and security implications for all of us , '' Obama said , speaking at the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta .
While in Atlanta , Obama met with healthcare professionals from Emory University , where two American aid workers infected with the deadly disease were successfully treated and released last month after being given doses of an experimental drug . Another American infected with Ebola is receiving treatment at Emory while a fourth is receiving treatment at a Nebraska hospital .
Almost $ 1bn ( £620m ) is needed to contain the Ebola epidemic raging across Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone , which could infect up to 20,000 people if unchecked by the end of the year , the UN warned , as the US pledged to send troops to help contain the world 's biggest ever outbreak .
`` If not dealt with effectively now , Ebola could become a major humanitarian crisis in countries currently affected , '' Valerie Amos , the UN humanitarian chief , told reporters in Geneva . The capacity of Guinea , Sierra Leone and Liberia to provide even the most basic necessities was , they warned , `` on the brink of collapse '' .
The stark warning was echoed by other health bodies at an emergency meeting in Geneva on Tuesday , with the World Health Organisation ( WHO ) emergency chief , Bruce Aylward , saying the outbreak was `` unparalleled in modern times '' .
`` We do n't know where the numbers are going , '' they said . They said two weeks ago that when the WHO said it needed the capacity to manage 20,000 cases `` that seemed like a lot . That does not seem like a lot today . ''
The US said it would send 3,000 troops to help tackle the Ebola epidemic .
A regional centre run by the US army in Monrovia , the capital of Liberia , where the outbreak is spiralling out of control fastest , will coordinate efforts to build more than a dozen treatment centres and train thousands of healthcare workers .
More than 2,400 people have died from the virus , for which there is no approved cure in this outbreak . A few cases have been recorded in Nigeria and Sierra Leone . All 26 previously recorded outbreaks have been successfully contained largely by isolating patients but the WHO said cases would continue to rise for at least sixmore months in an epidemic that has jumped borders and erupted in urban areas .
WHO said about $ 987.8m was needed for everything from paying health workers and buying supplies to tracing people who had been exposed to the virus , which is spread by contact with bodily fluids such as blood , urine or diarrhoea .
Foreign medical teams with up to 600 experts , as well as at least 10,000 local health workers , are needed to stem the outbreak , the global health body has said .
About $ 23.8m is needed to pay burial teams and buy body bags , since the bodies of Ebola victims remain highly infectious and workers must wear protection suits .
The cost of the US 's latest effort will come from $ 500m allocated for overseas contingency operations , such as the war in Afghanistan , which will instead be reallocated to west Africa and Iraq .
`` This humanitarian intervention should serve as a firewall against a global security crisis that has the potential to reach American soil , '' US senator Chris Coons told the Associated Press .
The Obama administration has also requested an additional $ 88m from Congress to fight Ebola , including $ 58m to speed production of the ZMapp experimental antiviral drug and two potential Ebola vaccines . The US classifies Ebola as a bio-terrorist weapon .
Troops will take about two weeks to be deployed , with Barack Obama expected to give further details after a visit to the Centres for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta on Tuesday .
Liberia has borne the brunt of the epidemic , recording 1,224 deaths as of 6 September .
Médecins Sans Frontières , the medical charity leading the fight against Ebola , has repeatedly said the international community 's response has been `` lethally inadequate , '' . amid a shortage of everything from burial teams to surgical gloves .
`` We are honestly at a loss as to how a single , private [ non-governmental organisation ] is providing the bulk of isolation units and beds , '' MSF president Joanne Liu said in a speech to the UN in Geneva .
`` Highly infectious people are forced to return home , only to infect others and continue the spread of this deadly virus . All for a lack of international response , '' they said .
They called on countries with biological-disaster response capacity , including civilian and military medical capacity , to dispatch specialist medical units to west Africa .
Ruggero Giuliano , MSF medical coordinator in Liberia , said plans were under way to double capacity at the organisation 's 200-bed facility before ramping up to 1,000 beds . `` There are many days where we need to close the [ centre 's ] gates and leave patients outside . The problem is n't building facilities – it 's staffing them . You need experts to run the place , people need to be highly trained . ''
So far , Cuba and China have said they will send medical staff to Sierra Leone . Cuba will deploy 165 people in October while China is sending a mobile laboratory to speed up testing for the disease . Health workers in Kenama , in Sierra Leone 's badly-affected eastern region , said they were using plastic bags amid a shortage of basics such as rubber gloves .
The outbreak has rippled beyond the health sector , prompting spending cuts across the board as all three countries struggle with rising inflation and drops in productivity . Liberia and Sierra Leone 's fragile postwar economies will shrink by 3.5 % this year , the IMF said , meaning less money is likely to go into vital infrastructure and education projects .
During the Trump administration , the Office of the First Lady is reportedly going to be changed to the Office of the First Family . It may signal the emergence of dual administration roles for the two most important women in Trump 's life : daughter Ivanka and soon-to-be First Lady , Melania .
`` She has the potential to be the next Jacqueline Kennedy , '' said Andy Och , author of `` Unusual for Their Time : On the Road with America 's First Ladies . ''
`` She 's a high fashion icon , a businesswoman . She 's involved with philanthropic and charitable endeavors , '' they added .
Melania will bring an uncommon background to the White House . They are the second First Lady born outside the U.S. and the first born in a formerly Communist country . They are fluent in five languages : their native Slovenian , Serbian , French , German and English . In addition , she 's the first to have been a supermodel and the first to pose nude .
TRUMP 'S TEAM : WHO 'S WHO IN PRESIDENT-ELECT 'S CABINET , White House
Them decision to stay in New York through the first months of the administration is based on their desire to be with their 10-year-old son , Barron , who will finish the school year there .
A second factor may be their discomfort in the political sphere . Them first major foray into it - the speech at the GOP Convention - ended with findings of plagiarism . They largely retreated from campaign speaking after that but denied in an October interview with Fox News 's Ainsley Earhardt that it was because of the speech . `` My priorities are with my son , and I want to be a mother first , '' they said .
Melania 's partial withdrawal from campaigning coincided with First Daughter Ivanka 's rise . They announced Wednesday their leave of absence from The Trump Organization as well as from their apparel and accessories business . Them reported intention at the White House is to help level the playing field for female entrepreneurs and job creators .
Whoever occupies the Office of the First Family will find a powerful new bully pulpit , said Amy Zantzinger , a former White House social secretary for Laura Bush .
`` Because it is a podium with a very , very loud voice . And any first lady when they arrive , I do n't think they have any idea about how loud that voice can be , '' they said .
Melania promises not to shy away from it , no matter how intense the incoming fire . `` You know , I 'm very strong , I 'm very confident , and I could handle everything , '' they told Earhardt .
Both Ivanka and Melania have expressed a desire to protect the interests of children . Ivanka has already spent time telephoning members of Congress to build support for tax free child care accounts and child care deductions for those making under $ 500,000 a year .
Romanian newspaper ZF.ro cites a report from a market research firm GfK , which says that Windows Phone now holds 10 % market share in Romania . While that may not sound a lot , it 's enough to outsell iOS and become the second largest platform in the EU country . Microsoft and carriers Vodafone and Cosmote Mobile have also confirmed the information
`` Sales of Windows smartphones were in 2013 four times higher than in 2012 , '' said Bogdan Lerescu , Head of Terminals at Vodafone Romania to ZF . Vodafone is currently the second largest mobile carrier in the country .
In the end of 2013 , research company Kantar Worldpanel also confirmed that Windows Phone has broken the 10 % barrier in the EU . Generally , Apple does n't perform all too well in Europe , with its market share in Germany , UK , France , Italy and Spain struggles to go past the 15 % mark .
Sourec | Via
Democratic Virginia Gov . Terry McAuliffe vastly overstated the number of Americans killed by firearms on a daily basis in their call for gun control shortly after Wednesday 's shooting at a congressional Republican event .
McAuliffe was asked by a reporter at a press conference on the scene of the shooting in Alexandria , Virginia , what more could be done to protect members of congress after Louisiana Rep. Steve Scalise and others were wounded by a gunman .
“ We need to do more to protect all of our citizens . I have long advocated — this is not what today is about — but there are too many guns on the street , ” the governor began their response .
“ We lose 93 million Americans a day to gun violence , ” they confidently asserted , without immediate correction by staff . “ I have long talked about this . ”
WATCH :
McAuliffe then gave examples of the kinds of gun restrictions they would like to see put in place .
“ Background checks , shutting down gunshow loopholes , ” they said . “ That 's not for today 's discussion , but it 's not just about politicians . We worry about this every day for for all of our citizens . ”
McAuliffe was trying to say before adding in “ million ” that 93 Americans are killed every day by firearms . That far smaller figure is promoted by the gun control group Everytown and comes from U.S. government research .
They later corrected themselves to say “ 93 individuals ” after being asked by another reporter on the first number they gave .
A federal court has blocked an August ruling that named the NYPD 's stop-and-frisk practices as unconstitutional , and removed the presiding judge from the case amid accusations of biased conduct . The case had sent shockwaves through local law enforcement , challenging the long-standing law enforcement tactic responsible for half-a-million stops each year and offering a path that would have phased out the practice entirely . The new motion will put those proposed reforms on hold , as the appeals court moves to make a more definitive ruling next year .
More troubling for stop-and-frisk oppents is the appeals court 's harsh words for Judge Shira Sheindlin , who the court says violated the Code of Conduct for US judges by creating `` an appearance of partiality '' through actions in the courtroom and through a series of media appearances . The case will now proceed under a new judge , with oral arguments set to commence in March of 2014 .
Earlier this month , I wrote an op-ed for The Hill where I argued that Republicans should support President Trump and follow their electoral formula , or “ die ” — i.e. , face extinction as a party .
The piece had an obvious target audience — establishment Republicans — with an obvious goal in mind — to get wishy-washy GOP elected officials on board with the President 's agenda .
You might expect a critical response from a # NeverTrump conservative like The Weekly Standard 's Bill Kristol or Conservative Review 's Steve Deace . But instead , a progressive Salon columnist , Chauncey DeVega , took the bait and responded in classic social justice warrior fashion by implying that I was a white supremacist and a right-wing terrorist :
“ Cannon 's threat that Republicans face a binary choice between Trump and death is but one more example of the nightmare-dreams of violence and a second civil war that are peaking under Donald Trump 's regime . Movement conservatives and Trump supporters want blood . Their opinion leaders are inciting them to violence ... “ Appeals such as Cannon 's have already caused death and harm to the American people . Dylann Roof , a white right-wing terrorist who killed nine black people in a Charleston , South Carolina , church in 2015 was radicalized by the right-wing media . ”
Good grief .
I really do n't want to pick on Chauncey DeVega . They are simply a product of what modern identity-obsessed progressivism has now become : everyone is a white supremacist , and everything is white supremacy . Racism is everywhere in every quote , in every headline , and in every policy . White people are inherently evil — unless they flash their LGBT get-out-of-privilege free card . “ Hate ” is unacceptable , unless you 're hating people you deem to be “ haters ” , in which case , it 's totally reasonable .
Gone are the days of intellectual liberalism , replaced , sadly , with social justice warrior illiberalism that traffics exclusively in immutable characteristics and perceived sociological privileges and disadvantages .
Once you understand the basis of this flawed , closed-minded ideology , DeVega 's anti-intellectual screed makes more sense . He , like many progressives , simply ca n't comprehend the idea that voters of all races might appreciate Trump 's support for economic policies that benefit the working class . How could that be ? After all , according to DeVega , Trump is an “ overt white supremacist . ”
Because progressives ca n't win in the marketplace of ideas , they resort to shutting down debate and shaming via shrieking pejoratives . They employ the same strategy over and over again : declare conservative beliefs outside the realm of acceptable political discourse , then identify them personally as people of bad character .
It happened at the Emmys . It 's happening on ESPN . It 's happening everywhere . It 's the progressives ' weapon du jour .
The same week my article appeared in The Hill , Ben Shapiro , a mainstream Jewish conservative columnist , was labeled a “ white supremacist ” and a “ Nazi ” , and Ben Carson was called a “ black white supremacist ” by liberal starlet Chelsea Handler . Rather than refute conservative arguments or acknowledge that a diverse American people can often have a diverse set of ideas , the Left uses dehumanizing rhetoric to shame and bully in an effort to force everyday people to disassociate from those the Left wants to destroy .
This strategy is anti-free speech and , frankly , anti-American . But here 's the good news : it 's not working .
America is rejecting the Salon Left 's hateful ideology and their shameful bullying tactics .
We saw it in 2016 with the election of Donald Trump . And , as the absurd shrieking grows more pronounced in 2017 and beyond , we will continue to see it at the one place we have a voice louder than Hollywood , than Big Business , and than the liberal media : the ballot box .
If Democrats and their allies continue to traffick in “ hate , ” seeking to divide us by immutable characteristics , such as skin color , rather than uniting us as one American people , voters will reject them soundly come Election Day .
I hate fans who complain about the refs . Too often refs are used as an excuse for a team 's losses . It could n't possibly be that one team was better than the other . Right ? Well , I have watched and re-watched Game 3 of Bulls-Heat and I think the Bulls got screwed . I tried to look at this fairly , even though I 'm a Bulls fan , and I ca n't ignore what I saw . Trusting the reader to “ take my word for it ” wo n't be good enough on something like this . I have video evidence . What I saw was one team get away with violations that the other did not .
The first set of clips are traveling violations not called . I did n't include plays where LeBron or another player took three steps barreling to the basket . That would have been a little too easy . The Heat scored 10 ( more if you count LeBron 's signature move ) off of plays that should have been traveling calls . They won by 10 . For those of you who need to brush up on the NBA 's definition of traveling , you can find it here ( Section XIII , page 37 ) .
I slowed down the video to show when the violation occurred . I included a Key describing the infractions below .
The first clip was a legitimate traveling violation on Taj Gibson . It 's always good to see that the refs are paying attention to this detail looking at a crowded lane . Too often players get away with this kind of thing . Unfortunately , the refs were n't fair to both teams . Bosh receives a pass at the top of the key and takes a full step to their right without dribbling . Asik comes out to contest , and Bosh has an open layup . I could argue they traveled twice here , but the first violation is the type of travel I want to bring attention to . The ref was looking right at him ! Bosh receives a pass outside the 3-point line , and , without dribbling , they take a full step to get to their spot . Hits the jumper . Bosh receives a pass from Wade on the right block , without dribbling , they take a hop to their right . They still have their dribble and their defender must account for a pump fake . The result of the play is a jumpshot from one of their sweet spots . LeBron James picks up their dribble . Stops . Takes two steps forward , and finds Chris Bosh for a layup . Udonis Haslem catches the ball from Wade in the lane while landing on their left foot ; does not dribble , takes a step and a hop , and scores a layup .
The second set are bad foul calls . I did n't grab random segments of the game , and decide to draw attention to plays where the Bulls got screwed . It would be dishonest to display video of an errant call out of context . These clips are sequential . The Heat got away with violations that , moments later the Bulls did not . Again , key is below .
Noah grabs Bosh by the waist . The refs are establishing early what they think is a foul . Boozer gets called for , well , I do n't know , but mistakes happen . I guess I 'd call it using their forearm to keep the offensive player in front of him . That 's completely legal . Whatever . Refs are human . The very next possession LeBron pushes a driving Luol Deng and no foul is called . The official was right there ! If Boozer and Noah got whistled for their fouls , then surely this was a foul too . Worse , the play results in a fastbreak dunk for Heat on other end . A few minutes later , after the Bulls started to get some momentum , Bosh pushes a driving Rose from behind . No Call . Bosh climbs over the back of Boozer and pushes them from behind , Heat get offensive Rebound . This should n't have been a big deal because this type of thing happens all the time . It occurred before the previous play shown , but I moved it to draw attention to what happened two minutes later . Noah gets called for their second foul for jumping behind LeBron James . Just after Bosh did the same . They sit for the remainder of the quarter . A fan provokes him , you know the rest . This was n't a foul . I have two replays of it . And if it was a foul , then how come Bosh is allowed to do the same thing ? Later in the game Korver draws a foul for pushing Mario Chalmers on a drive . Good call , but… . One minute of gametime later , Mike Bibby pushes Derrick Rose in the same manner that Korver pushed Chalmers . No foul is called . Near the end of the half Kyle Korver fouls LeBron James by hitting them across the arm during the act of shooting . Good call by the official . At the beginning of the 3rd period , 1 minute of gametime elapsed since the Korver foul , Mike Bibby commits the same infraction on Joakim Noah . No foul is called . Joakim Noah is called for a moving screen on Mike Bibby . To me , it appears their feet were set . Given Bibby 's reaction , I think they felt the same . Several minutes of gametime later , Chris Bosh commits an actual moving screen and is given no foul .
The conclusion I 've drawn is that the Bulls got screwed by the refs . Chris Bosh looked like Dirk Nowitzki minus the moves . He 's tall and got themselves into position to shoot those open jumpers by traveling . I could also argue that some of the goofy calls/non-calls both put Noah in foul trouble , and made the Heat defense look much better than it was . I can not say for certain that the official 's interpretations of the fouls alone caused the Bulls to lose the game ; but , the traveling violations in addition to the fouls are a lot to overcome when playing a team like the Heat . I would even go as far as saying the traveling violations alone swung the game in the Heat 's direction . It was absurd to watch the calls that were being ignored by the refs . Again , I 'm not even including the 3-step gallops down the lane that LeBron frequently makes . I 'm talking about Heat players shuffling their feet with officials looking right at them . I 'm not going to accuse the refs of anything , but , I mean , I think they cost the Bulls the game .
Just relaying what I saw .
Advertisements
James Wilson is back in action after a knee injury . John Peters/Man Utd via Getty Images
James Wilson will not be part of the Manchester United 's squad for the preseason tour of the United States and will instead head to Austria with the under-23s , sources have told ESPN FC .
On Saturday , manager Jose Mourinho is set to finalise their squad for games against LA Galaxy , Real Salt Lake , Manchester City , Real Madrid and Barcelona .
But Wilson , 21 , will not be part of the group and will instead be in new U23s boss Ricky Sbragia 's squad .
The striker spent the first part of last season on loan at Championship side Derby but made only four appearances before their campaign was ended by knee injury in October .
They have scored four goals in 20 games for the United first team after being handed their debut by caretaker boss Ryan Giggs in 2014 .
Both the United U23s and U18s flew to Austria on Saturday for a week-long training camp .
Both Tahith Chong , who missed a chunk of last season with a knee injury , and Joe Riley are part of the group along with Angel Gomes , who made their first-team debut on the final day of the Premier League season .
You may think that the 3GB of memory in your new smartphone is hot stuff , but that pales in comparison with what Rice University has in store . Its scientists have detailed a form of resistive RAM ( RRAM ) that can be made using regular equipment at room temperatures , making it practical for everyday gadgets . The trick is the use of porous silicon oxide where metals ( such as gold or platinum ) fill the gaps . Using the silicon material does n't just give manufacturers something familiar to work with ; it requires much less power than previous techniques , can last through 100 times as many uses and is n't fazed by heat . It 's also far denser than earlier RRAM , storing nine bits per cell where even conventional flash storage stops at three . The result should be an easy-to-make RAM chip with the kind of capacity that you 'd normally expect from much larger permanent storage , like an SSD -- as the company Crossbar hinted when it first discussed this approach , you could stuff 1TB into a component the size of a postage stamp .
First lady Melania Trump and President Trump 's 10-year-old son Barron will reportedly be moving to the White House in June , at the end of the school year .
TMZ reported Saturday that a source said Melania and Barron Trump are `` absolutely moving after the school year '' and that the first family has already decided where Barron will attend school .
ADVERTISEMENT
The TMZ report follows confirmation from a senior adviser to the first lady in February that they would be moving to Washington , D.C .
White House adviser Stephanie Winston Wolkoff pushed back on any report that Melania Trump would not be moving to Washington .
`` Mrs. Trump will be moving to DC and settling in to the White House at the end of the school year , splitting their time between New York and DC in the meantime , '' they said in a February statement . `` Mrs. Trump is honored to serve this country and is taking the role and responsibilities of first lady very seriously . It has only been a short time since the inauguration and the first lady is going to go about their role in a pragmatic and thoughtful way that is unique and authentic to her . ''
Between 6,000 and 7,000 people are currently forced from their homes
Close to $ 254M have been spent on fire suppression efforts this year
KAMLOOPS ( NEWS 1130 ) – Crews continue to battle raging wildfires across BC , and are looking to a shift in weather to lend a helping hand .
But , it 's still too soon to tell just how helpful Mother Nature may be .
“ Whether it 's a help or a hindrance remains to be seen , ” explains Chief Fire Information Officer Kevin Skrepnek with the BC Wildfire Service . “ Certainly getting some rain on these fires would be welcomed , but if we 're getting this unstable weather with it , it might be a mixed blessing . ”
He 's referring to possible thundershowers in the south east , which could spark even more flames . This concern comes as the province saw 20 new wildfire starts on Tuesday , most of which lightning-caused .
Winds are expected to remain generally light until this weekend , and the shift to ‘ inflow ' winds is n't expected until Friday .
“ Which should reduce some of the smoke concerns in parts of the province . We 're generally seeing the ridge of high-pressure that we 've been under for the last few weeks is going to start to move east , so windier , probably a drop in temperatures . ”
The BC Wildfire Service has spent close to $ 254 million on fire suppression efforts this year . Crews have responded to at least 940 wildfires since April 1st , which have burned an estimated 613,000 hectares .
By the numbers
The Elephant Hill wildfire continues to exhibit aggressive behaviour , fuelled by hot and dry conditions .
Mounties are still conducting an investigation into the cause of this fire , but say they 've ruled some causes out .
“ We 've eliminated train rail line activity as a possible cause of the wildfire , meaning that it was not caused by train traffic or ( maintenance-related ) activities on the rail line , ” says Staff Sgt . Annie Linteau .
A dedicated tip line has been created , and Linteau is urging anyone with information to call 1-855-685-8788 .
# ElephantHill fire has grown to 117-thousand hectares and remains 30 % contained . Campfire bans and off-road restrictions still in effect . — Marcella Bernardo ( @ Bernardo1130 ) August 9 , 2017
Meanwhile , Skrepnek says the on-going difficult conditions are prompting the service to issue yet another reminder to remain vigilant .
“ Respect the fact that we do have open burning prohibitions in place , that 's including a campfire ban for almost all of the province , ” they explain . “ Of course we do also have that off-road vehicle ban in place . Generally any activity that could potentially spark a wildfire , we want people to be exceptionally cautious about . ”
They say the increase in lightning-caused fires further emphasizes the fact that human-caused fires are all preventable , and any of them diverts critical resources away from those caused by weather conditions .
Thousands of evacuees remain out of their homes as more evacuation orders are issued in parts of the province .
Approximately 7000 # BritishColumbians out of their homes still because of evacuation orders . — Marcella Bernardo ( @ Bernardo1130 ) August 9 , 2017
If you spot a wildfire or see anyone breaking any of the bans in place , you 're urged to call * 55 55 or 1-800-663-5555 .
Air quality
As air quality in Metro Vancouver and the Fraser Valley is expected to improve with shifting winds starting Friday , you may have found yourself looking back on the summer of 2015 when we were under a similar notice .
According to Air Quality Analyst Kyle Howe , this is the longest continuous air quality advisory issued by Metro Vancouver . But , they say peak concentrations of fine particulate matter were higher two years ago .
“ One thing that we did see in the 2015 wildfire event is that the areas experiencing higher particulate concentrations were mostly the western portions of the region , and in this event , it 's actually been the eastern portions of the region that have seen some of the higher p.m. concentrations . ”
Howe adds he 's not expecting the change back too normal to be immediate , but will rather be gradual throughout the weekend .
Wildfires and tourism
As wildfires continue to devastate land and communities around the province , tourism in some areas has obviously been hit harder than others .
Maya Lange with Destination BC says some Cariboo and Central Interior communities are suffering because of evacuation orders and alerts , as well as campfire bans , park closures and back-country off-roading restrictions .
“ We are collecting information , ” they explain . “ At this point , it 's just anecdotal . ”
Lange adds efforts are also being made to clear up any misconceptions about all of BC being on fire .
“ And unfortunately , some of our regions and communities that may be hundreds of kilometres away from the impacted areas have reported cancellations from folks across Canada , the US and overseas . This affects tourism businesses and can result in having to lay off employees in this sector . ”
They say weekly monitoring is indicating no significant losses because tourists are simply changing their plans to visit other parts of BC . That means some other communities are benefiting from fire-related detours .
Lange says tourism has been good for a few smaller towns usually ignored by summer visitors .
“ Tourism numbers are on track , but our data is not in real time , so we 're sort of monitoring it week by week , but it looks like we 're on track without any major significant impacts , so we 'll see how things continue to play out . It looks like most of the trips are being re-routed within the province . ”
One of the communities getting the most traffic has been McBride –along the Yellowhead highway between Kamloops and Prince George– where an evacuation comfort centre has been set up for some of the nearly seven thousand people forced out of their homes across BC .
It 's also benefitting from the closure of Highway 97 north of Cache Creek .
Remember , you can listen live to NEWS 1130 anytime for the very latest on the wildfire situation .
​The 9 best up-and-coming towns for college grads
Charles Knowles/iStockphoto The class of 2015 is leaving college as the most indebted group of new grads ever , thanks to an average student debt load of $ 35,000 . With that much debt to pay off , the first few years out of school can prove to be a make-or-break time for new graduates . Many will plan on moving to big cities in search of job opportunities in metropolises such as New York or San Francisco . But the high cost of housing there will likely reduce their ability to pay down student debt quickly . While jobs are often plentiful in those major cities , young grads may not be able to earn enough to afford their own apartment , and even with roommates , rent can still be expensive . While some young Americans may have their sights set on the bright lights , considering a smaller , up-and-coming city where rents are affordable and jobs are proliferating could prove to pay dividends . And some big corporations are opening satellite offices in these smaller towns for the same reason : finding more space at a lower cost . `` On average it takes 10 to 15 years for a grad to pay off their student loans , '' said Allan Jones , chief marketing officer of recruitment site ZipRecruiter . Moving to a smaller city with a lower cost of living can free cash and help `` reduce the amount of time it takes to pay off the loans by as much as half the time , '' they noted . Many such cities are located in a region that 's not known as a byword for jobs growth : the Midwest . According to ZipRecruiter 's analysis of data , the area is currently showing strong growth for hiring , as well as relatively affordable housing costs . The point , Jones noted , is that young grads should n't feel compelled to search for jobs only in major cities . They added : `` You do n't have to follow the cookie-cutter step of moving to a big city . '' Read on to learn about the top 9 up-and-coming cities for young graduates .
​9 . Ogden-Clearfield , Utah iStockphoto Only 40 miles north of Salt Lake City , Ogden City combines the benefits of a walkable downtown and access to the outdoors , such as skiing , climbing and biking . It 's been cited as one of the best towns in America by Outside magazine , as well as one of the most affordable cities for buying a home . Its biggest employer is the IRS , while financial and government industries also play a big role in local hiring . Right now , some of the local companies posting jobs in the Ogden area include Fresenius Medical Care and ResourceMFG , a manufacturing staffing company . The median rent in Ogden is $ 704 per month , compared with about $ 3,460 for a one-bedroom apartment in San Francisco .
​8 . Albuquerque , New Mexico iStockphoto The largest city in New Mexico often draws tourists for its arts , music and film festivals , as well as its outdoor activities and unique mix of cultures . But it 's also a growing technology hub , home to the national research and development lab Sandia National Laboratories and Technology Ventures Corp. , which commercializes federally funded technologies . The average one-bedroom apartment rents for about $ 633 , or far below the national average of $ 975 per month . Current companies that are hiring include marketing firm Joined Elements and medical staffing company Maxim Healthcare Services .
​7 . Toledo , Ohio Henryk Sadura/iStockphoto This Rust Belt city has revitalized itself through developing solar energy and other green technologies , ZipRecruiter notes . Companies in the health care and financial service sectors are currently hiring , such as transaction-processing service company Central Payment . The average rent for a one-bedroom apartment in Toledo is about $ 515 per month , far below the national average of $ 975 per month . On an entry-level salary , Toledo is especially affordable , ZipRecruiter notes .
​6 . Des Moines-West Des Moines , Iowa iStockphoto With a large insurance industry located in Des Moines , the city offers a higher-than-average number of jobs that require a college degree , ZipRecruiter noted . The city does n't only have jobs , but a hipster scene that may be attractive to young grads . The National Journal recently noted that Des Moines is `` the real place to be '' for hipsters -- not Brooklyn . One-bedroom apartments rent for about $ 689 per month on average , which also makes this city far more affordable than bigger rivals such as San Francisco or New York .
​5 . Fort Wayne , Indiana iStockphoto Like Toledo , Fort Wayne is another Rust Belt city undergoing a revitalization . The town was nicknamed `` the city that saved itself '' after diversifying from its manufacturing base following massive layoffs from employers such as General Electric in the 1970s and 1980s . The health care and insurance industries are among those that have grown to fill the gap , helping to attract college graduates to the city . The average rent in Fort Wayne is $ 664 , well below the national average of $ 975 for a one-bedroom apartment .
​4 . Lincoln , Nebraska iStockphoto This Midwestern city of 250,000 residents offers a low unemployment rate and a diversified economy , with companies in fields such as marketing to info tech hiring entry-level workers . Lincoln also holds the highest percentage of residents in their early 20s , making it a mecca for Millennials . The biggest employers include the state of Nebraska , the public school system and the University of Nebraska at Lincoln , as well as Bryan Health , which operates a hospital and outpatient clinics . The average rent for a one-bedroom apartment in Lincoln is just $ 546 per month , providing a highly affordable cost of living for recent college grads .
​3 . Dayton , Ohio iStockphoto The aerospace industry remains important to this Ohio city , home to the inventors of the world 's first airplane , the Wright brothers . The biggest employer is Wright-Patterson Air Force Base , while the health care industry has become a major force in Dayton . One-bedroom apartments rent for $ 527 per month , on average , making the city one of the more affordable towns on this list . It also receives high marks for its cultural amenities : Dayton 's arts scene led American Style magazine in 2012 to rank the city second on its list of midsize cities , just after St. Petersburg , Florida .
​2 . Boise-Nampa , Idaho Charles Knowles/iStockphoto Boise 's employers are hiring in a number of fields , ranging from government to tech , according to ZipRecruiter . About half the positions in the city require college experience . It 's also drawing a large population of people in their early 20s , which is making Boise a vibrant place for young grads . The average rent for a one-bedroom apartment is $ 752 per month , somewhat higher than many other towns on this list , but still below the national average of $ 975 per month .
Researchers at the University of California , Riverside and Purdue University are closer than ever to building a strong composite material thanks to inspiration from the mantis shrimp . The mantis shrimp is a small , colorful marine crustacean that has the brutal strength to smash its prey 's shells using its dactyl club , which is similar to a human fist .
This latest study was published in Advanced Materials journal and discusses a newly found herringbone structure that has never been documented in nature that is contained within the outer layer of the dactyl club appendage . The structure shields the club upon impact and allows the mantis shrimp to cause an astounding amount of damage .
Mantis shrimp come in two forms , ‘ smashers ' and ‘ spearers ' . Smashers kill prey with hard shells , such as snails and crabs , by shattering them with amazing force and speed . The dactyl club is able to reach speeds of 10,000g , showering brutal impacts that have the same speed as a .22 caliber bullet .
For eight years , David Kisailus and their team have been studying the dactyl clubs of smashers and using them in order to help create a new generation of composite materials . Researchers have identified many different regions throughout the club . The interior region is named the periodic region and is made up of an energy-absorbing structure that helps to filter our shear waves , which are present within objects that are put under high stress . The region is made of two phases : an organic phase and an inorganic phase . Current research surrounds the club 's outermost layer , known as the impact region .
This particular region is special because it has a layer that is completely resistant to cracks . It contains crystalline calcium phosphate ( which is a mineral found in human bone ) that encompasses the organic chitin fibers . Upon closer inspection , researchers discovered that the mineralized fibers were highly compacted in order to form a “ herringbone structure ” that is far tougher than structures within the periodic region . The herringbone structure both protects the club from incoming damage and force while also enabling the shrimp to cause astounding amounts of damage by simply transferring increased momentum during impact .
Nicholas Yaraghi , a student in Kisailus ' group who led the research said this is the first time the herringbone structure has been seen in nature . Yaraghi said until their observations it was not known that the properties within this high impact-resistant material were created by the herringbone structure . Kisailus and their research group tested this hypothesis by taking a deeper look at the role of each structure and fabricating the herringbone structure using synthetic material along with a 3D printer .
Models were built by Pablo Zavattieri , Associate Professor of Civil Engineering and University Faculty Scholar at Purdue University along with their team in order to replicate the herringbone structure . The models explained that stress is able to be distributed evenly , preventing structural damage . Compression testing of the 3D printing biomimetic composite was used in order to prove that the herringbone causes the entire region to be more effective in comparison to the periodic region when it comes to deflecting cracks and managing stress .
This type of unique strength holds the potential to be used in a wide range of applications , including aerospace , automotive and armor . Kisailus says the more that is uncovered about the mantis shrimp and its multi-layer design , the more researchers continue to learn about better design techniques for planes , cars , sports , equipment and even armor . With recent advancements in 3D printing , modeling is becoming easier . This means translating the mantis shrimp 's weapon into new materials will quickly turn into an obtainable reality .
Each and every one of us has had a fantasy of having superpower when we were young . What if humans actually gained any access to such a source of superpower that could allow humans to heal themselves ? The idea may seem quite elusive at first , but this breakthrough is not ages away . Although it may seem baffling because till now the scientists have been able to grow only artificial organs but this new discovery has already knocked the doors of human generation . DARPA has taken this magnificent step toward ensuring the concept of immortality under its project name ElectRX .
DARPA is working towards a futuristic medical implant that not only continuously monitors the condition of your organs , but also helps your body heal itself when problems arise . The program , known as Electrical Prescriptions ( ElectRx ) , aims to develop technology that could “ fundamentally change the manner in which doctors diagnose , monitor and treat injury and illness , ” DARPA 's Doug Weber said in a news release . Moving away from conventional medicine , DARPA plans to develop an implantable device that works somewhat like an intelligent pacemaker , continually monitoring the body 's condition and providing feedback in the form of a stimulus that would help maintain healthy organs .
This program could reduce dependence on pharmaceutical drugs and offer a new way to treat illnesses , according to the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) . The idea for the technology is based on a biological process known as neuromodulation , in which the peripheral nervous system ( the nerves that connect every other part of the body to the brain and spinal cord ) monitors the status of internal organs and regulate the body 's responses to infection and disease . When a person is sick or injured , this natural process can sometimes be thrown off , according to DARPA . Instead of making a person feel better , neuromodulation can actually exacerbate a condition , causing pain , inflammation and a weakened immune system . There already exists a market for neuromodulatory devices , but current models are bulky , around the size of a deck of cards , and consequently require invasive surgery to fit them into patients . ElectRx devices , on the other hand , would be similar in size to individual nerves and could therefore be implanted with ease , perhaps with a needle .
Thanks to the recent identification of neural circuits involved in the regulation of immune system function , these devices could possibly be useful in the treatment of various inflammatory diseases , such as rheumatoid arthritis and inflammatory bowel disease . Furthermore , it could one day lead to better treatments for various brain and mental health problems , such as epilepsy , depression and post-traumatic stress disorder . Not only it will ensure a side effect free manner of treatment but it will also relieve a person from the burden of loads of medicines and the repercussion of it if one forgets to take them . All those superheroes like the hulk , Wolverine , superman etc . would actually walk the earth . Though totally in a normal human form . But nevertheless it is an incredible breakthrough and might even create a new step in the process of human evolution , creating the super humans .
CASTLE PINES — Forty-eight hours before they are scheduled to report for training camp , Avalanche center Matt Duchene continued to keep their distance from the team that has attempted to trade them since before the March 1 trade deadline and throughout the summer .
Duchene , the only veteran under contract who did not participate in last week 's voluntary captains skates , was a no-show Tuesday at the Avs ' charity golf tournament at The Ridge at Castle Pines North . The golf outing is typically a mandatory event for players , because it usually takes place during training camp or preseason . But veteran players are n't required to report for training camp until Thursday morning at the Pepsi Center .
Duchene , 26 , is Colorado 's most veteran active player and stands sixth all-time in club scoring with 418 points . Avalanche general manager Joe Sakic , at their Aug. 17 charity golf tournament , said Duchene will begin their ninth season with the club if trade offers do n't provide a sufficient return for the player in their prime .
“ He really does n't have to be here . None of us have to be here today , ” Avs defenseman Erik Johnson said . “ It 's optional , because camp has n't started . I really do n't think it 's a story until Thursday , or not . Until then , it 's just all speculation . I wish I had a little more info to give you , but I do n't . Really , it 's a non-story until Thursday. ” Related Articles February 26 , 2019 New Avalanche forward Derick Brassard had an interesting 11 hours
February 25 , 2019 Avalanche 's OT curse continues with 4-3 loss despite late goal from new addition Brassard
February 25 , 2019 Chambers : Avalanche trade for Derick Brassard did n't help playoff chances much , but Colorado was smart at the deadline
February 25 , 2019 Derick Brassard to Avalanche : Colorado acquires forward from Florida
February 25 , 2019 Avalanche 's Semyon Varlamov named NHL 's first star of the week
Avalanche center Nathan MacKinnon said they and other players are “ all assuming ” Duchene will report Thursday . But nobody is sure .
“ I do n't know exactly what 's going on , ” MacKinnon said . “ We all struggled last year . I was n't happy . Dutchy was n't with the way they played , I was n't happy with the way I played . He 's been here for eight years now , so if they think it 's time to move on , that 's their personal decision and I do n't want to get in the way . It 's their life , their career , and however they decide to handle it , that 's their own way . Like I 've said before , Dutchy is a good guy . I 've played with them for four years . ”
Avalanche general manager Joe Sakic and most of their staff , along with the entire coaching staff , also did n't participate in Tuesday 's golf outing . They are in San Jose , Calif. , with 28 prospects competing in a rookie showcase with their peers from the San Jose Sharks , Anaheim Ducks and Arizona Coyotes . The Avalanche prospects were scheduled to face the Ducks in their third and final game of the showcase Tuesday at noon .
Footnote . Avs defenseman Nikita Zadorov was another no-show Tuesday and remains one of the NHL 's five unsigned restricted free agents . The 22-year-old Russian with 145 games of NHL experience has threatened to play in the Kontinental Hockey League if they do not agree to terms with Colorado . The league 's other unsigned RFAs are forwards Marcus Foligno of Minnesota , Boston 's David Pastrnak , Josh Anderson of Columbus and Detroit 's Andreas Athanasiou .
The government has been battling complaints over the demolition of houses in the inner west to make way for the WestConnex and the impact of construction of light rail in George Street in the Sydney CBD . The government is also preparing to partially privatise the NSW electricity network and expects to have $ 20 billion to spend on projects including a second Sydney Harbour rail crossing . Mr Baird noted that their father , former NSW transport minister Bruce Baird , received death threats when the M2 motorway was being built . They said the government `` ca n't dismiss concerns that are raised as projects are delivered . You have to listen very carefully '' . They conceded that governments including their need `` to do a better job in terms of community engagement '' .
`` But at the same time it is the new world , '' they said . `` And the new world is : if you want to build the infrastructure that we need , there will be significant disruption . It will cause inconvenience . '' The Premier said some people 's reaction was : `` Well that must be stopped and fixed immediately ! '' `` Well it ca n't be , '' they argued . `` It can be minimised , it can be managed and that 's what we 'll be focusing on over the next few years . `` But the message for Sydney and NSW is : expect the inconvenience to come , '' they warned . `` Because all of these projects will cause disruption , they will cause inconvenience . But we have to take the long term view .
`` And the long term view is that how does this city look when the infrastructure is completed ? And that 's the exciting thing . '' Mr Baird highlighted the difficulties experienced building the Sydney Harbour Bridge and the Sydney Opera House . `` And no one would question those now . '' During their address Mr Baird reflected on their success at taking the unpopular electricity privatisation policy to the March election and winning . `` This is the message to every government – at the core if you are actually fighting for what you believe in [ and ] you know is right for the state , then you are fighting in the interests of the people you are there to serve , '' they said .
Mr Baird said they believed that voters valued `` an honest discussion '' about difficult reforms . `` My sense is , you do the right thing in the long term the politics will take care of itself , '' they said .
Story highlights Paul Begala : Donald Trump has finally admitted Obama was born in the United States
I 've made myself into a student of Trumpiloquence : their bluster , double-talk and mendacity , Begala says
Editor\ 's Note : Paul Begala , a Democratic strategist and CNN political commentator , was a political consultant for Bill Clinton 's presidential campaign in 1992 and was counselor to Clinton in the White House . They are a consultant to the pro-Hillary Clinton super PAC Priorities USA Action . The opinions expressed in this commentary are his .
( CNN ) — Fifty-two words . That 's all it took for Donald Trump to finally admit the President of the United States of America was born in the United States of America . Of course , those 52 words came five years too late . Because for half a decade , Trump fanned the flames of birtherism : a toxic , malevolent , racist attempt to delegitimize our first African-American president .
Here 's what they said Friday as they attempted to draw a line under the controversy :
`` Hillary Clinton and their campaign of 2008 started the birther controversy . I finished it . I finished it . You know what I mean . President Barack Obama was born in the United States , period . Now we all want to get back to making America strong and great again . Thank you , thank you very much . ''
But it 's not as simple as he 's trying to make it sound .
Throughout the course of this campaign I have made myself into a student of Trumpiloquence : the remarkable blend of bluster , double-talk , sophistry and mendacity that is the Orange One 's native tongue . And so , as a public service , let me translate Trump 's words for you . First , what they were really saying to their angry white base :
Read More
Humanism may not have always been the ideal support group for LGBTQs but there have been many Humanists that offered their support in different ways .
Trav Mamone wrote a piece on why they believe that Humanism is a better option for queer people than religion is . They touch on influential pieces written by Alex Gabriel and Heina Dadabhoy , in which they shared a common belief in that religion is not queer-friendly . When Trav first came out , they were religious and all of their Christian friends supported them and they even found a church hat encouraged and supported him .
However , they have since moved on to Humanism and for many different reasons . They say that they see things differently now than they did as a Christian , though they still think “ it 's possible to be either a queer person of faith or an ally of faith , but to be honest , the acceptance of LGBTQ people has nothing to do with religion. ” They add that Christians who affirm queers are applying humanistic reasoning to scripture .
Humanism and LGBTQ
There are many different types of humanism , but one of the outlooks is that any time new information is revealed , they use scientific reasoning and logic to better understand the world and humanity . Meanwhile , religion follows doctrine and any new information that may be contradictory is revoked and called heresy . While religions may eventually accept the information as a fact , there is a lot of anger and debate thrown about beforehand , and at times , lengthy grudges . For example , Galileo , a devoted Catholic , made discoveries the Catholic Church thought were contradictory to Biblical doctrine in the early 1600s and was not officially pardoned until 1992 .
Humanism and science-based beliefs have not always been the ideal support for LGBTQ , given that until 1973 , the American Psychological Association and the American Psychiatric Association believed that homosexuality was a mental illness . However , throughout the struggle , there have been many Humanists that offered their support in as many ways as they can . For example , Humanist celebrant , Jason Frye , elped two homeless women marry at the Pride Parade in 2008 . The Humanist Association of San Diego paid for their license and entry into the parade , and Frye performed the ceremony four times , timing it just right for their ‘ I do 's to be in front of the protestors .
I think everyone shd support humanism . Does n't matter if you 're black , white , Asian , male , female , straight , gay , whatever . — Jon ( @ joncheww ) October 11 , 2014
Resources
Follow the Conversation on Twitter
In their opening monologue tonight , Sean Hannity went after Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( D-MA ) , who they said has taken the lead in the Democratic Party in attacking and obstructing President Donald Trump .
`` This is not the first time that Sen. Warren has gone off the deep end , if you will , and into the gutter to score cheap political points , '' Hannity said .
They pointed out that they viciously attacked Trump multiple times during the campaign .
Hannity said that Warren loves to throw stones , but they should remember that they live in a glass house .
They noted that Warren claimed for years to have Native American heritage , but has never provided any documentation .
`` There is zero proof to back up Elizabeth Warren and their lie , '' Hannity said , adding that is n't the only stain on `` fake Pocahontas ' '' record .
They pointed to their infamous 2011 comment : `` There is nobody in this country who got rich on their own . ''
Hannity said their message to Warren and the obstructionist Democrats is simple .
`` If you want to slow down the president 's agenda and hurt the country , then you will own the suffering of millions of Americans out of work , millions of Americans who are on food stamps , millions of Americans living in poverty , '' they said . `` In other words , all of the Americans that have suffered under your failed leftist ideology the last eight years . ''
Watch more above , and let us know what you think in the comments .
Intel Announces $ 7 Billion Investment in AZ Factory , Creating Thousands of Jobs
Pres . Trump Defends Travel Ban : 'Courts Seem to Be So Political '
Trump Effect ? Companies Announce Billions in U.S. Investments , New Jobs
Judge Nap : Trump 's Complaint Is 'Legitimate , ' Judges 'Sounded Political '
The Christian Church looks a lot like Detroit . Detroit is a city that to most of the world appears dead and dying . The buildings are abandoned , the windows are boarded up , and the yards are left unkept . The city may have once had its day of influence , but those days are long gone as the city has now declared bankruptcy . Detroit may have been something , but those days are past . People still like to talk about Detroit . The media will still send reporters into the city , filmmakers will come and showcase the city , and photographers will be excited to photograph the abandoned buildings . But while people are interested in talking about Detroit , far fewer are interested in making their home in Detroit .
The Church is seen the same way .
Christianity is seen as a dead and dying religion .
There may have been a day when Christians had influence , but those days are gone . Christianity may have , at one point , been important , but it is now ancient and irrelevant . Our churches are seeing as worthless and out-of-touch with reality . They might as well be boarded up and left to rot . People still love to talk about the Church . The media loves to showcase stories about the Church , especially when somebody represents the Church poorly . But while people are interested in talking about the Church and spiritual things , nobody is interested in making their home in the Church .
`` The spiritual temperature has changed very suddenly in the United States . For many years , the None population was small — a mere 5 to 7 percent . Then it exploded quickly . This is very different from what happened in Europe . There , unbelief warmed up slowly , as if in a Crock-Pot . In the US , unbelief has warmed up as if in a microwave . While unbelief is heating up , belief is cooling down . The percentage of Christian converts is not keeping pace with our growing population as unbelief overtakes Christianity. ” - Mark Driscoll , A Call to Resurgence
Which leads Driscoll to ask the question , “ Will Christianity have a funeral or a future ? ''
Not Done Yet
An interested thing happened around the time that the city of Detroit declared bankruptcy . While the outside world looked in at Detroit and saw a city dying and broken , a group of young people saw something different . A group of people believed that the city of Detroit was not done yet . A group of people , with the desire to bring the X-Games to Detroit , passionately created a movement of young people who believed that there was still hope for the city of the Detroit . A group of people who believed that creativity , innovation , generosity , and generosity was not done in the city of Detroit . And so while people all over the country watched a city in ruins , a group of people said , “ This is our city . And we are not done yet . ”
To-date , the X Games have served as a rallying point for us , and we imagined that upon winning the X Games they would be a medium through which we could express and perpetuate the ever-growing vitality of our city in front of a global audience . - Kevin Krease
And later on their twitter , the three simple words :
Not done yet . - @ AssembleDetroit
I believe the Church is not done yet . I believe that while the Church may not be popular or cool , the Church still carries the message of the Gospel that is needed in our world . And while Christians may be seen as out-of-touch , I believe that the Gospel is never out-of-touch with broken , sinful people . The church is not done yet , because God is not done yet . And so America may not be a Christian nation , but the Gospel was not given to a nation , it was given to the Church .
And so the world might see Jesus as irrelevant , old-fashioned , or juvenile .
But I believe They are not done yet .
Photo Credit : Rick Harris
Azerbaijan 's government is funding the race to raise the country 's global profile
Azerbaijan will host a Formula 1 Grand Prix in 2016 , the former Soviet state has announced .
The race will be on a street circuit around the capital Baku and incorporate its medieval old city , modern skyline and a view across the Caspian Sea .
The oil-rich state is in the Caucasus region where eastern Europe and western Asia meet and its F1 race is to be called Grand Prix of Europe .
That title has been held by races in Germany , Spain and the UK in the past .
The Azerbaijan government said the track layout had yet to be finalised .
But Azerbaijan 's Minister of Youth and Sport , Azad Rahimov , said the start-finish straight would be in Azadliq Square , and the track would pass major landmarks in the city .
The Azerbaijan GP will pass the Azeri parliament building on the seafront promenade
This is a model previously followed in Singapore , which first hosted a grand prix on a street track in 2008 and has since become one of the most popular events on the calendar .
Azerbaijan 's government is funding the race to raise the country 's global profile .
Rahimov said : `` Our location at the crossroads of eastern Europe and western Asia is a new frontier for Formula 1 racing .
`` Azerbaijan is a modern European country that has established a reputation as a centre of sporting excellence .
`` The deal to bring Formula 1 racing to Baku is a very significant new chapter in our ongoing success to attract the world 's largest sporting events to our country . ''
Image caption Skeleton of a young man found at Machu Picchu
The return to Peru of the bones of 177 people taken a century ago from the Inca city of Machu Picchu has marked another important milestone in the repatriation of Peruvian antiquities .
The country is the birthplace of many ancient civilisations .
The most famous , the Incas , ruled the area for centuries until the arrival of the Spanish colonisers in the 1500s .
Every year , more than a million visitors marvel at the site which has become synonymous with Inca culture : the ancient city of Machu Picchu .
Perched high on a mountain top in the Andes , it is Peru 's most important tourist destination .
But the almost 50,000 pieces found there between 1911 and 1915 had not been seen in Peru until recently .
Slow return
They had been housed at Yale University in the United States .
The university is only now beginning to return them , after Peru waged a long diplomatic and legal campaign to recover the artefacts , which it said had only been loaned to Yale .
In March , Yale shipped a large number of ceramics taken from the site back to Peru .
It is a move some had come to doubt would happen . One of them is Blanca Alba , who is in charge of repatriations at Peru 's ministry of culture .
`` I never thought I would see the return of the pieces , '' they say , their eyes getting teary as they remember the arrival of the ceramics nine months ago .
`` There were people waiting at the airport , they began singing the national anthem , I cried because it was very emotional . ''
Some of the ceramics are now being shown at a temporary exhibition space in Cuzco , while a new museum is being built to house the pieces once their return is complete .
Costly repatriations
But despite the satisfaction of bringing back the antiquities , Ms Alba believes it would be more cost-effective if the government prevented archaeological treasures from leaving the country in the first place .
I never thought I would see the return of the pieces Blanca Alba , Head of Repatriations , Ministry of Culture
`` The problem is that repatriations are expensive , '' they say .
`` They involve a court case , and you need to pay lawyers , transportation , packing , insurance , laboratory tests , etc , '' they explain .
In 2007 , the Peruvian government estimated that it spent $ 625,000 ( £400,000 ) on the repatriation of some 400 antiquities .
Ms Alba believes repatriating antiquities is , in the long term , a price worth paying , but they would prefer it if more was done to fight looting .
Preventing looting
The Peruvian government estimates that there are around 100,000 archaeological sites in Peru , of which only little more than a 10th have been uncovered .
When they do come to public notice , it is often because treasure hunters and professional looters have already been there .
People who are caught looting can expect a jail sentence of up to eight years .
But Director of Archaeology at the Peruvian ministry of culture Luis Caceres believes this is not enough .
`` The reality is that , because of lack of funds and resources , we ca n't defend our heritage , '' they say .
They say it is impossible to provide security at all of the archaeological sites , especially with police busy fighting street crime .
Satellite technology
Mr Caceres admits the task is made more difficult by the fact that many sites are still undiscovered .
Image caption Experts say satellite images such as this one can show where looting has taken place
But they are encouraged by successes in Guatemala , where ancient ruins were found in the jungle using satellite imagery .
The technology allows archaeologists to see what is not always visible on aerial photographs , or what is hidden under layers of dirt and rock , or under a dense tree canopy .
Nicola Masini of Italy 's Institute for Archaeological and Monumental Heritage has been using satellite imagery in Peru since 2007 .
They say there are many advantages .
`` Most archaeological sites in Peru are located in areas that have difficult accessibility , in the desert or the highlands , where it 's difficult to do direct surveillance or aerial surveillance . ''
Mr Masini believes satellites could also be used to combat looting , because they reveal the presence of fresh excavations .
`` The only way to monitor and manage this problem is with satellite data , '' they say .
'Losing history '
`` It would be useful to the Peruvian authorities , so they can put adequate strategies in place for the protection of these remote archaeological sites , '' they add .
Mr Caceres at the ministry of culture in Lima welcomes the use of this technology , despite its potentially high cost .
But they think satellite imagery should not be the only weapon in Peru 's arsenal .
They would like to see public campaigns being launched to show rural communities that , in the long run , they could profit more from sites which are carefully managed by archaeologists .
They argue that those sites are likely to attract more tourists than those that have been looted , bringing badly needed cash to remote communities .
What is at stake , they say , is Peru 's heritage , `` because if an artefact leaves the country , '' they conclude , `` with it , we are forever losing our history . ''
Alexander Cyril Stepney ( born 18 September 1942 ) is an English former football player who was Manchester United 's goalkeeper when they became the first English club to win the European Cup .
London beginnings [ edit ]
Born in Mitcham , Surrey , Stepney had unsuccessful trials with Fulham and joined Tooting & Mitcham United . From there , they were spotted by Millwall , who signed them as an amateur in 1963 , but quickly realised their potential and made them a professional within two months of their arrival . Stepney was ever-present for almost three seasons , making 158 appearances , only missing the last game of the 1965–66 season . During this period , they earned three England under-23 caps . [ 1 ]
In May 1966 , Stepney joined Chelsea for £50,000 . Manager Tommy Docherty initially intended to play Stepney and fellow goalkeeper Peter Bonetti in alternate weeks , but just three months later Stepney was sold to Manchester United for a record fee of £55,000 , having made just one appearance for the club . With Harry Gregg 's career virtually ended by injury , the Manchester United manager , Matt Busby , opted for Stepney after deciding that neither Pat Dunne nor the injury-prone David Gaskell was up to the job . Stepney made their debut for United later the same year against Manchester City at Old Trafford , and they kept a clean sheet as United won 1–0 through a first-half goal from Denis Law .
League and European exploits [ edit ]
With Stepney in goal , Manchester United won the First Division title in 1967 , earning them entry into the European Cup the following season , a competition that no English club had yet won . Stepney featured throughout United 's progress to the final at Wembley Stadium , during which they made a memorable close-range save from Benfica striker Eusébio in the closing stages with the score at 1–1 . Eusébio was so astonished at Stepney 's save that they stopped to applaud the keeper as Stepney threw the ball back into play . United eventually won 4–1 after extra time .
At the start of that season , Stepney had conceded a goal to their opposite number at Tottenham Hotspur , Pat Jennings , in the 1967 FA Charity Shield at Old Trafford . With Tottenham leading 1–0 , Jennings punted the ball upfield from the Stretford End ; the ball bounced over the stranded Stepney into the net . The game ended 3–3 with United 's goals coming from Bobby Charlton ( 2 ) , and Denis Law .
International recognition [ edit ]
Although a highly talented keeper , Stepney was a distance down the pecking order when it came to the England team . Gordon Banks was the undisputed number one , with Peter Bonetti of Chelsea , Gordon West of Everton and the more experienced Sheffield Wednesday goalkeeper Ron Springett all in Stepney 's way . When England qualified for the final stages of the 1968 European Championships , coach Alf Ramsey selected Stepney and West as the two back-up keepers to Banks and , in what turned into a momentous week for Stepney , they made their England debut in a friendly win over Sweden in May 1968 , seven days before the European Cup final . England won 3–1 .
Ramsey kept Stepney in their thoughts in their preparations for England 's defence of the FIFA World Cup in 1970 , for which England did not have to qualify having won the previous tournament , but did not give them another cap as the likes of Bonetti and West added to their meagre tallies of appearances . However , when the preliminary squad of 27 was announced , Stepney was in , along with Banks , Bonetti and uncapped rookie Peter Shilton , with no sign of West . When the final 22 who would travel to Mexico was confirmed , Shilton was the goalkeeper sent home .
Nevertheless , Stepney was clearly the third-choice goalkeeper in the squad and the chances of theirs appearing on the pitch in Mexico were small . When Banks went down with food poisoning prior to the quarter-final with West Germany , it was the slightly more experienced Bonetti – who had six caps to Stepney 's one – to whom Ramsey turned , although Stepney did make it onto the substitutes ' bench . England squandered a two-goal lead to lose 3–2 and it was Stepney who told the groggy , ill Banks the scoreline in their hotel room by holding up three fingers on one hand and two on the other .
United 's fall and rise [ edit ]
Stepney in 1976 ( against Ajax )
Stepney was occasionally recalled by Ramsey but would ultimately not add to their solitary England cap , with Shilton emerging as the new deputy and ultimate long-term replacement . They continued to play in goal for Manchester United in a period of significant underachievement for the club , which culminated in their relegation to the Second Division in 1974 , a season which saw Stepney , unusually for a goalkeeper , score two goals from penalties thus making them the ( joint ) leading scorer at Christmas . [ 2 ] For half a season they were replaced by Jimmy Rimmer . By now , with Stepney 's former Chelsea manager Tommy Docherty in charge , they bounced back as Division Two champions the following season ( 1974–75 ) . During this time , Stepney suffered a freak injury when they dislocated their jaw barking instructions at their disorganised defence .
The next two seasons saw Stepney as the wise head behind a new , youthful team collated by Docherty courtesy of some astute purchases and a prolific youth set-up . During this period , Stepney had to compete with Paddy Roche for a regular starting position . Stepney was the only player with any Wembley experience at club level at all when United reached the 1976 FA Cup Final and the nerves of the youngsters got the better of them as Southampton , a division below United but containing some experienced heads of Stepney 's generation , won 1–0 . Stepney had no chance with the goal from Bobby Stokes , a late , low , crossfield shot which United claimed fruitlessly was from an offside position .
United reached the Cup Final again in 1977 and this time were successful . Stepney got a hand to a bullet shot on the turn from Jimmy Case but could n't stop it entering the net and levelling the match after Stuart Pearson had scored for United . Jimmy Greenhoff quickly restored United 's lead and Stepney made some good saves in the closing stages as Liverpool , chasing an unprecedented 'treble ' of trophies ( having already won the league title , and just days later going on to win the European Cup ) , piled on the pressure .
Stepney was the only player in the 1977 FA Cup winning team remaining from the European Cup winning side of nine years earlier .
End of an era [ edit ]
The following year , Stepney was again not an automatic choice , playing fewer than half of United 's games in the League . They played the last of their 546 games for Manchester United in April 1978 , prior to leaving for Dallas Tornado in the North American Soccer League in the United States , where they remained until they retired from professional football in 1980 .
They kept 175 clean sheets , made a club record 92 consecutive appearances ( later broken by Steve Coppell ) and , with those two goals , remains United 's top scoring goalkeeper . Aside from Peter Schmeichel ( who scored in a UEFA Cup game in the 1995–96 season ) , no other Manchester United goalkeeper has scored in a competitive game for the club in the post Second World War years .
Towards the end of their career , they turned out for non-league side Altrincham in the early 1980s , when they were competing in the Alliance Premier League ( which became the Football Conference in 1986 ) . They helped them win the Alliance Premier League title in 1980–81 ( they had won it the 1979–80 season as well ) , but they did not win promotion to the Football League as the re-election system was still in place and the majority of the league 's members voting against them joining the Football League , ending Stepney 's hopes of a professional comeback .
Stepney became a coach specialising in goalkeeping after they stopped playing , including a spell at Manchester City as recently as 2000–01 . They also work as an after-dinner speaker and currently hosts The Legends Football Phone in on 105.4 Century Radio in Manchester , replacing Mickey Thomas – another former Manchester United player .
Style of play [ edit ]
Stepney was never a flashy performer and perhaps their most impressive quality was their positioning , though they could also demonstrate agility when required . Alex was a good 'talker ' who expected – and usually got – the final say in their penalty box , and was a constructive user of the ball who would never 'hoof it ' upfield when they could throw to a well-placed colleague . [ 3 ]
Honours [ edit ]
Manchester United
In a recent job posting it appears that Microsoft and 343 industries may be developing another Halo title besides Halo : Xbox One . You can check out the posting information below .
Some key phrases in the job posting include things like :
“ Developing a new experience in the Halo Universe . ”
“ Deliver the online and connected features of a AAA game title ”
“ Experience with services development ( as a consumer of service features from client code )
“ Experience shipping a current generation AAA game title ”
343 Industries is searching for a rock star engineer to join the team developing a new experience in the Halo universe . Work on one of the most exciting and creative intellectual properties in the industry ; we are gathering an incredible team to help drive the future of Halo . We are looking for a talented software developer with the skills and drive to help us deliver the online and connected features of a AAA game title . As a candidate , you should work well in a highly collaborative , cross-group role , should be able to make appropriate engineering decisions to meet requirements and mitigate issues , and should be passionate about delivering a quality experience and overall product . RESPONSIBILITIES :
As an online and connected experiences developer , you will collaborate with designers , services developers , and other developers to deliver polished code that powers the online and connected features of the game . You will author design specs , write prototype code , extend existing code , and implement new code . You will fix bugs and solve issues in code and design . You will collaborate to resolve problems with dependent systems . QUALIFICATIONS/SKILLS :
-Bachelor 's degree in Computer Science or equivalent
-At least 5 years of professional C++ experience
-Experience with services development ( as a consumer of service features from client code )
-Strong communication and problem-solving skills
-Experience shipping a current generation AAA game title “
What do you think about this possible new Halo game ? Could this be another game besides Halo : Xbox One ? You can discuss it on our forums now !
Source : Microsoft Careers , DualShockers
Recently , PB & J posted about the new Trek 69er singlespeed with a 26 ” rear wheel and a 29 ” front wheel . Obviously not a fan of the bike , they said that Trek should “ leave the hair-brained ideas ” to Cannondale . They also stated that Cannondale is “ world renowned for solving non-existent problems. ” I do n't agree , but I can certainly see where they are coming from . Sure , Cannondale has come up with some strange ideas in the 35 years that they have been around . The first example that comes to my mind is the carbon fiber concept bike pictured here which they created in the mid nineties . Does any one else remember it ? Concept bikes are designed to serve as attention getters , but I am just not sure about this one . I do n't know if the prototype was actually ridable , but it looks like a header in the making to me . Of course , this was just a blue sky concept so why criticize it , right ? In production though , Cannondale also has a history of designing proprietary parts that disregard the accepted norms used in the bicycle industry . Throw the failed motorcycle line into the mix and it is pretty easy to take jabs at Cannondale . Maybe they have designed a few strange products , but I have always really liked Cannondale . I own two of their bikes ( 3 if you count my wife 's ) and have long considered them to be an innovative company .
First , I do n't think that deviating from accepted norms is always a bad thing ? That is how products evolve . I have heard some people criticize the new System Six road bike for its oversized head tube , which features a fork that tapers from 1.5 inches to 1.125 inches . They say that the size is more appropriate for a downhiller than a road bike . Keep in mind that Cannondale was one of the first companies in the mid 90s to experiment with oversized head tubes on road bikes . Most other companies hung onto the one-inch standard for road bike headsets long after Cannondale went to oversized . Some people probably criticized them at the time , but I do n't think too many people now consider the 1.125 ” headset standard to be a harebrained idea . The original Slice project bike was another design from Cannondale that was a bit ahead of its time . I thought that the monocoque carbon frame design , which eliminated the seatstays , looked great when I saw a prototype frame in 1995 . Today , they still use the Slice name , but the bike that I remember looked more like one of the Mike Burrows designed Giants than anything that Cannondale currently makes . Alex Pong 's CNC-machined full suspension Magic Mountain bike was another prototype that I just loved when I first saw it around 1994 . You may or may not have liked the bike , but you have to admit that it pushed the boundaries of design . Much like the Pong designed Magic cranks which became the CODA hollow clamshell cranks , Hollowtech ( edit : I meant to say Hollowgram . Hollowtech is Shimano 's name for their hollow forged cranks ) cranks , which first came out around 2001 , were another innovative Cannondale product . Though they were not the first company to do so , the idea of using an oversized aluminum spindle was not yet commonplace . Lefty forks are yet another product from the design team at Cannondale that I think make a lot of sense . For many years , racing motorcycles and even airplanes have used monoblades successfully , so adapting the idea to bicycles was not a far fetched idea ( Cannondale was not the first ; you can see monoblade bicycles in Archibald Sharp 's book from 1896 ) . I could go on and on about innovative products from Cannondale that I believe were ahead of their time , but you get the idea .
I admire Cannondale for their willingness to take a few risks with their product line . Sure it is easy to point to some of the company 's past failures , but it is just as easy to point to examples of them leading the industry . From a design standpoint , it would be great to create a product that is loved by everyone , but that is not always realistic . Personally , I would much rather design a product that is despised by a majority of people and absolutely loved by a passionate minority , than one that is greeted with a luke warm reception by everyone . To be a truly innovative company , you ca n't cater to everyone . Instead , you have to focus on your most passionate core users . I think Cannondale does just that , so I can forgive them for the occasional “ harebrained ” idea .
Woman on Reddit Sends Naloxone in Mail for Free
An obscure opiate forum has been the source of one person 's mission to save lives , no questions asked .
Meet the “ mother of r/opiates , ” aka the “ hero heroin of Reddit , ” or more simply , Tracey Helton . They were recently featured in Medium.com 's Backchannel section for their critical role in distributing clean-syringes and naloxone , the life-saving opiate antagonist , to drug users who contact them through an obscure opiate forum on Reddit .
Them system is simple : people who want to safely use drugs will shoot them a message and a few days later they 'll receive clean syringes and a vial of naloxone from San Francisco , where Helton lives with their three children .
One Redditor , who was featured in the story , spoke about how Tracey 's free gift saved their lives after a near-fatal overdose . They explained how grateful they were that a stranger from across the country could be so caring . “ I think it 's their way of reversing things , of making things right , ” they said . “ All the wrongs they did , she 's making right now . ”
Indeed , Tracey is no stranger to the treacherous path heroin takes its users down . In 1999 , Helton was featured as one of five addicts in the HBO production of Black Tar Heroin : The Dark End of the Street . They now have 17 years of long-term recovery and is putting their smarts , compassion , and resources to good use .
In a brief interview with The Fix they said , “ I feel weird taking credit for something that should be common sense drug policy . ”
“ A person ca n't get clean if they are dead , ” Helton said , and they feel deeply that heroin users ought to get a chance at life . Naloxone grants them exactly that .
Even though their renegade system is “ somewhat ” illegal , because some Redditors who request naloxone live in states that require a prescription to possess it , they said their harm reduction efforts are “ an extension of my recovery , it is n't in conflict with it . ”
“ I was given a second chance at life . Why squander that gift by keeping it to myself ? I 'm in a unique position to help . ”
In the meantime , Helton will continue to distribute naloxone to whoever needs it . They are also on deadline for their upcoming book The Big Fix , about being in long-term recovery , to be published by Seal Press in 2016 .
The day after last month 's general election , a Fine Gael Minister attributed their party 's poor showing to the “ Dublin 4 brigade ” . Too much attention was paid to the views of Dubliners , and not enough to those of beleaguered rural folk , they felt . Their opinion was quickly accepted as fact , even in Dublin 4 . That evening , RTÉ News reported that the “ Keep the recovery going ” message did not resonate with people outside the capital . As analysis goes , this was top-of-the-head stuff . But it worked . And why would n't it ?
Never mind football or hurling , bashing Dublin has long been the national sport . To understand the ills of the nation – how a government might fall or why you ca n't build a house on your own land – just look to the capital . It 's the go-to reason for everything that is wrong about Ireland . In the popular imagination , Dublin is always busy bullying the rest of the country .
The city is rich and arrogant , or a crime-riddled hole where no one has time to stop for a chat and the traffic hardly moves at all . Too harsh ? I think so . Dublin is not perfect , but the city has many virtues . Why , then , is it so unpopular , and what are the results of our collective disdain ?
First , of course , there is all that history . In the 1920s a government supporter from Mayo argued that it was “ really a foreign town . The seat of the government should be far removed from the atmosphere of Dublin . . . and from its foreign mode and method of thought . ”
Even today , many people have yet to forgive the city for conspiring with the enemy . But – spoiler alert – Ireland secured independence more than 90 years ago . In this decade of historical navel-gazing , the biggest challenge is not to reflect on our troubled past but to get over it .
Colonial rule
A related difficulty is that Dublin 's delights are synonymous with colonial rule . In 1908 the Irish nationalist Robert Lynd observed that “ the Dublin that impresses itself upon the eye and the imagination is the Dublin of the Parliament House and Trinity College , the Dublin of the Anglo-Irish colony ” . That is still true . It is a puzzling phenomenon , unless you are gifted with the intellectual flexibility of someone like Charles Haughey , who solved the problem by conspiring in the destruction of Georgian Dublin while living in a Gandon-designed mansion .
Writers often document the city 's ambivalent relationships . “ She is not an Irish town , ” wrote Louis MacNeice , “ and they are not English. ” For Joyce , Dublin was a centre of moral paralysis . Yeats lamented “ the daily spite of this unmannerly town ” , and Beckett identified “ this tired , abstract anger – inarticulate , passive opposition ” .
More recently , one of Roddy Doyle 's characters quipped that the Irish are the blacks of Europe , Dubliners are the blacks of Ireland , and northside Dubliners are the blacks of Dublin .
The suspicion that Irish people are constitutionally ambivalent about Dublin is confirmed by the few statistics available . ( The fact that civic pride is rarely measured tells its own story . ) The one major survey in recent years – a nationwide poll of 1,000 adults – revealed that three out of four Irish people felt no emotional connection to Dublin . That figure includes a great many Dubliners .
Dublin often seems to me like two towns separated by the Liffey . There are people among us who ca n't get over a river . On bad days – when , say , the councillors of Fingal resisted the popular demand for a directly elected mayor of Dublin – I think of the capital as a lot of different villages run by men and women who are too small to make decisions to serve the greater good .
Yet most of the time I love this place : the architecture , the sea , the mountains , the flea markets , the parks , the theatre , the pubs and the locals . Champion spoofers , I love their outsize conversation , what MacNeice called “ the bravado of their talk ” . And I also buy the financial argument . Dublin is the engine that drives the economy . Without a strong capital , the rest of this country is finished . For all these reasons , I 'm bemused by our lack of civic pride .
A bad marriage
Dublin is almost like a person stuck in a bad marriage . Dogged by low self-esteem , it allows all criticism to go unchecked , however unwarranted the attacks are . Taken for granted , it avoids talking about problems in its relationship with the rest of the country , and seldom asserts its own identity in anything but problematic terms .
Like the woman who walked into doors , we ignore this issue because it is easier to pretend there is nothing to see . Worse still , some people think Dublin deserves a beating . And when the matter is discussed in the media , it is with comical deference to rural Ireland . Lobby groups such as the Irish Farmers ' Association are treated with a reverence that would make the pope blush , and the “ authentic ” voice of Ireland is always situated somewhere along the Wild Atlantic Way ; in other words , as far away from Dublin as possible .
Some time ago I was invited to discuss the urban-rural divide on RTÉ radio . Billy Keane , a writer from Kerry , was asked to present the rural perspective . Before the show , Keane and I had an interesting chat , during which we agreed to avoid the traditional Punch and Judy show on air . But the mood quickly changed in the studio , due in part to the presenter 's determination to host a spat . Kerry 2 , Dublin 0 .
Kicked by Kerry
Listening to community radio in Munster or Connacht is an even more chastening experience for a Dubliner . And politicians are just as bad . Rural TDs spin anti-Dublin yarns for their people , undermining the notion of a national parliament . Overrepresentation is partly to blame , but what is strange – and telling – is that it does n't work both ways . When was the last time you heard a Dublin TD say that Ireland needs a strong and dynamic capital ? Their silence exposes the unequal nature of the relationship .
Dublin treats rural Ireland with a respect that borders on fear . We colonise easily defensible pockets of the countryside ( Roundstone is known locally as G4 ) and conspire in the myth that Baile Átha Cliath is Irish in name alone . This lack of self- confidence is typical of a battered spouse . It is why Dublin 's failure to be shortlisted for European Capital of Culture in 2020 – we were pipped by Limerick – was met with silent resignation instead of noisy indignation .
What about the charge that Dublin is a hellhole ? Amid all the negative headlines about crime and homelessness , it is easy to forget that until quite recently things were much worse . In 1986 JP Donleavy observed “ the cold desperate reality of the city and its stark gloomy poverty . . . Begging for a penny or selling a newspaper , shoeless urchins , faces streaming phlegm , scattering across the grey glistening wet streets . ”
Another outsider , VS Pritchett , remembered that in the 1930s the poor were not just poor , but savagely poor . “ The children were often bare-footed . You picked up lice and fleas in the warm weather in the Dublin trams as you went to the northside to the wrecked mansions of the 18th century. ” Writers often romanticise Irish poverty ; Pritchett , in particular , reads like Frank McCourt on skunk . But it 's clear that Dublin is a more civilised place today than it was for much of the 20th century .
In 1936 , another writer , Elizabeth Bowen , pointed out that Dublin “ owes their vitality and complexity as a city to a continuous influx of foreign life ” . ( During the Emergency some would call it the Casablanca of the north . ) The arrival of the new Irish has made the place exotic again , and low levels of racism should be a source of pride throughout the country . What a shame we are n't so liberal towards the capital .
Dublin has many challenges , in , for example , housing , education , public transport and urban sprawl . Again , however , it is useful to look back . In a 1971 documentary about social deprivation in the inner city , a contributor pointed out that babies do n't get bitten by rats in Foxrock . Back then the city was so decrepit that a former lord mayor , the late Jim Mitchell , claimed it had “ about as much character as a second-rate knacker 's yard ” .
Today there are 44 construction cranes visible over the centre of Dublin from the seventh floor of the Irish Times building on Tara Street . Those cranes suggest a vigour that is welcome after years of gloomy introspection . Indeed , emerging from recession , the city is a much more interesting place than it was in the boom years .
So young now
Dublin is now the youngest capital in Europe . But even people old enough to know better are thinking big . Dublin Port wants to open up the port to the city , our public transport is fast improving , and it will soon be possible to cycle off-road from Sutton to Sandycove . We have two world-class stadiums , the leading tech companies are expanding their operations here , and Dublin City Council has a visionary leader . Owen Keegan may not be a Garth Brooks fan , but at least they get things done .
On the subject of local government – whisper this – Dubliners pay far more for services because of the way property tax is apportioned . On this and other fronts , we subsidise rural Ireland . Still , it 's true that Dublin gets a large slice of the national pie . As it should . The city is responsible for more than 40 per cent of Ireland 's GDP and nearly half the jobs .
If the relationship between Dublin and the rest of the country is to improve , we all have work to do . Rural Ireland must admit that it makes no sense to vilify the capital : divorce is not an option . The next time you hear a broadcaster or a politician indulging in a bit of Dublin-bashing , ask yourself if the criticism is fair . If not , let them know . Cheap shots have no place in a healthy relationship .
For our part , Dubliners must get over the river , reach out to each other and to the nation , asserting our mutual interests . What 's good for Dublin is often good for Ireland . We need a directly elected mayor . In the meantime , our city government must do more to encourage fraternity , as Dublin Corporation did when it dreamed up the millennium in 1988 . And finally , politicians have to tackle inequality throughout the country . There are many people for whom these reflections on social capital must read like so much window-dressing . Nice if you have a window .
Civic pride promotes economic growth and enhances the quality of life . I am reminded of its power every day , when children from all over Ireland leave the Little Museum walking that bit taller . The civic-minded leaders of tomorrow , they have a lesson to teach us all . In the week when we celebrate our national holiday , I think it 's worth repeating .
Give Dublin the love it deserves , and watch the country grow .
Share . The animated small screen producer on the big screen version that never came to be . The animated small screen producer on the big screen version that never came to be .
Batman Beyond producer Paul Dini was a guest on Kevin Smith 's Fatman on Batman podcast this weekend during which time they recalled their involvement with the live-action 34314 '' target= '' _blank '' > Batman Beyond movie , a project that died in development at Warner Bros. in the lead-up to the studio 's decision to reboot the franchise with Batman Begins .
This screen adaptation would have been produced by Dini and Alan Burnett , their fellow producer on the Batman Beyond animated series . Boaz Yakin ( Remember The Titans ) was attached to direct . It would have told the origins of the new caped crusader , Terry McGinnis , and their relationship with an elderly Bruce Wayne .
There were rumors this past July that Warners might rekindle the Batman Beyond live-action movie , but then just days later at San Diego Comic-Con the studio announced that Batman vs. Superman was in the works for summer 2015 .
Check out what Dini had to tell Smith about the project in the clip below ( warning : NSFW language ) .
Via Voices From Krypton .
The Baroque fountains at St. Peter 's Square are also affected .
For the first time ever the Vatican is turning off the water . The 100 decorative and drinking fountains around the Vatican will be shut off to alleviate the water shortage in Rome .
The Vatican took the decision to turn off the taps of its iconic fountains for the first time in its recorded history . This step was taken as continuous dry weather in Italy has led to severe water shortages all over the region . On its website , the Vatican confirmed that the Holy See has taken such measures to conserve water . The fountains in St. Peter 's Square have been shut off as well .
The Vatican states that it is trying to lead by example . Pope Francis has spoken out about environmental protection previously .
Meteorologists have said that the spring of 2017 was the third driest season in Italy in 60 years . The situation is so bad that Roman authorities are considering imposing water rationing in the city .
According to broadcasts by the Vatican Radio , this decision was taken in accordance with Pope Francis 's philosophy and teachings regarding the environment . The pontiff has praised the availability of clean drinking water . They have said harsh words against engaging in wasteful practices . The pope has been on record saying that environmental friendly steps must be taken to protect both the environment and the people .
Vatican Radio has broadcasted that the fountains of the city will not have water . Even the garden fountains will be switched off . Greg Burke , the Vatican spokesperson , said that the authorities , for the first time in known history , will turn taps off of about 100 fountains , including the St. Peter 's Square 's iconic Baroque ones . The two fountains recirculate water taken from an aqueduct constructed during ancient Roman times .
# Vatican shuts fountains , but # Rome 's water mains still unrepaired . I pass at least 4 burst pipes on my 1 mile commute . It 's a wet # drought pic.twitter.com/3eOq7zRKPc — Carol Glatz ( @ CarolGlatz ) July 26 , 2017
The drought has been going for a long time . This has forced officials of Italy 's Lazio region to stop the pumping out of water from Lake Bracciano . The waterbody is located about 19 miles to the north of Rome city . The inadequate rainfall during 2015 and 2016 have slowly depleted the lake . The latter provides eight percent of the water supply of the city .
Nicola Zingaretti , the President of Lazio region , in their interview with a media house , said that the water level of the lake has `` fallen too much and we risk an environmental disaster . '' Adverse climactic conditions have already compelled city officials in Rome to close the city 's public drinking fountains . The continuing drought could lead to tough water rationing . If it comes to this , the 1.5 million residents of the city will suffer . There have been talks about Rome taking Vatican 's lead and shutting water flow from all fountains in the city .
Resources
Follow the Conversation on Twitter
About a month ago , Platinum Games co-founder Hideki Kamiya thanked fellow developer Yoko Taro for their work on Nier : Automata , as Kamiya-san went so far as to say that the title 's success effectively saved the studio . Now , the good times continue to roll for the company in addition to the team behind the action-RPG , as its publisher Square Enix has announced that the release has managed to sell over 2 million copies worldwide .
The financial figure not only covers digital purchases , but also physical units shipped to retailers around the globe as well , meaning that Nier : Automata went on to sell another million units since its last reportage of sales numbers back in May . So , in order to celebrate this particular feat , Square Enix is putting the game on sale through Steam and the PlayStation Store for 35 % -36 % off for gamers who have yet to experience it .
Since Nier : Automata has now been established as a hit both in terms of sales and critical acclaim ( we here at Game Rant gave it a perfect review score ) , most fans are looking ahead at the future of the franchise , with those who have experienced the title wondering whether or not Platinum Games will eventually put out a followup . Interestingly enough , a recently posted job post for Business Division 6 by Square Enix points to some sort of new Nier : Automata-related content being developed , with many believing that the listing is possibly a direct sequel .
Whatever fate may hold for Nier : Automata ‘ s future , one thing for certain is that Platinum Games has managed to exceed expectations by thrusting what was originally a cult-RPG property ( the initial Nier came out in 2010 for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 ) into the limelight . With any luck , the developer will continue the series with an even better followup sometime down the line .
Nier : Automata is available now for PlayStation 4 .
Source : Square Enix
Often described as the “ ringleader ” of a controversial plan to fork the bitcoin blockchain , mining pool ViaBTC is speaking out against the idea that it 's the driving force behind a bitcoin alternative called Bitcoin Cash .
A fork of bitcoin that would create a new network with new rules , Bitcoin Cash is notable in its rejection of code changes favored by other developers to boost the network 's transaction capacity .
But what separates the project from any other bitcoin fork is that Bitcoin Cash will share a transaction history with the original blockchain , dating back to the network 's inception . As opposed to creating its own tokens in , say , an ICO , everyone who owns any of the more than 16.5 million bitcoins in existence will have an equal amount of Bitcoin Cash if it 's created .
While this may sound like just another proposal ( and it is one of a very large number introduced in the scaling debate of late ) , Bitcoin Cash took a notable step forward earlier this week when ViaBTC launched futures trading for the tokens – and trading took off ( it had about $ 11m in volume on Thursday ) .
At that point , ViaBTC did something that had n't been done for the idea previously : give Bitcoin Cash economic value for the first time . It was a move that also further legitimized the fork in the eyes of others , one that was later followed by a range of statements from exchanges worldwide as to how they would handle the fork . At press time , one as-yet-nonexistent Bitcoin Cash token was worth roughly 2,203 yuan , or $ 327 .
But while it 's this decision that helped push the project forward , ViaBTC CEO Haipo Yang and COO Sara Ouyang are n't claiming responsibility for it . To the extent this perception exists , they argue it 's a Western creation , one compounded by the fact that information is often shared in rough translations that ultimately spark more confusion .
Yang told CoinDesk that , as a company , ViaBTC does n't even plan to mine Bitcoin Cash . Rather , as a mining pool operator , ViaBTC will enable users in its pool to mine the asset if they choose .
They said :
“ It depends on the miners , it 's their choice . They can choose to mine bitcoin or Bitcoin Cash . We are just an exchange platform , we are neutral on this . ”
And to an extent , Yang said the company has to be . As ViaBTC is a mining pool , it relies on other miners to use its platform ( and it competes against a wide range of mining industry software providers in the process ) .
In this way , Yang said the exchange simply has to remain open to users . It notably launched a trading pair for the UASF proposal , a move that Yang said they do n't believe is in the best interest of the network .
And while the difference in tone for both product announcements is notable , they caution that it 's not exactly their role to choose .
“ We do n't think it 's a bad thing or a good thing . It 's a choice of the market . We provide the technical services to support those trading , ” they said .
Closet moderate ?
Best known for their vocal dislike for bitcoin 's development team ( even going so far as calling for them to be fired ) , Yang still notably considers themselves a moderate in the scaling debate .
In interview , they paint themselves as someone who was willing to test out different ideas ( by listing futures options on the exchange ) and accept the results .
“ A month ago , we released a BIP 148 futures trading , but the trading went not very good . Now , we can see the global users coming to buy and sell the BCC [ Bitcoin Cash ] , so it 's like a lot more market fever for this , ” they said .
On August 1 , ViaBTC intends to suspend withdrawals so that it can begin listing actual Bitcoin Cash tokens , and other mining pool operators have said they will use the term Bitcoin Cash and the BCC ticker symbol to differentiate it from bitcoin , generally represented by the ticker symbol BTC .
And while ViaBTC previously said that it would not move to define users ' balances as “ BTC ” , citing “ the complexity of a bitcoin fork ” , Yang suggested that he 's willing to go with consensus on the matter .
Still , they seem to think and hope that Bitcoin Cash will become to dominate blockchain .
“ I feel the best chance BCC will get majority hashing power and it will become the bitcoin banner , ” they said .
As for whether that 's possible , given that bitcoin 's mining difficulty can adjust , remains another matter , though their thoughts on this were less clear .
Communication breakdown
Overall , Yang 's comments also point to an East-West disconnect in the scaling debate .
While the perception in the West is that Bitcoin Cash wo n't be widely used , they argue that this is n't true in Asia . They reported that a majority of ViaBTC 's users are from Japan and Korea , and that most of its exchange users are generally from outside China .
The comments , as well as some of the nuance in Yang 's positioning , suggest that the fork may also best be considered the end result of a continual lack of communication , coupled with the difficulty of carrying out long , deeply philosophical arguments with individuals who have cultural and linguistic differences .
With this upswing in support , Yang thinks that Bitcoin Cash could one day co-exist with bitcoin in the same way that ethereum and its fork , ethereum classic , continue to develop in tandem .
Yang concluded :
“ I think [ Western exchanges ] will support it eventually . That 's a fight for the users . They have no other choice , or they will lose the market share . ”
Image via ViaBTC
Elevated incidence of childhood leukemia relative to young adult ages is difficult to explain from the standpoint of oncogenic mutation accumulation . We applied a stochastic Monte Carlo model of hematopoietic stem cell ( HSC ) clonal dynamics based on published age-dependent parameters of HSCs . Our modeling results demonstrate that childhood and adult HSC clonal dynamics differ by the factors that determine the number of cell divisions per clonal context . Late in life , positive selection leading to clonal expansions increases the number of cell divisions per clone , whereas in childhood a similar increase is achieved by the much higher HSC division frequencies and drift-affected clonal expansions . We provide a mathematical argument that the obtained clonal dynamics and cell division measurements can explain the age-dependent incidence of leukemia .
Abstract
Young children have higher rates of leukemia than young adults . This fact represents a fundamental conundrum , because hematopoietic cells in young children should have fewer mutations ( including oncogenic ones ) than such cells in adults . Here , we present the results of stochastic modeling of hematopoietic stem cell ( HSC ) clonal dynamics , which demonstrated that early HSC pools were permissive to clonal evolution driven by drift . We show that drift-driven clonal expansions cooperate with faster HSC cycling in young children to produce conditions that are permissive for accumulation of multiple driver mutations in a single cell . Later in life , clonal evolution was suppressed by stabilizing selection in the larger young adult pools , and it was driven by positive selection at advanced ages in the presence of microenvironmental decline . Overall , our results indicate that leukemogenesis is driven by distinct evolutionary forces in children and adults .
A cybercriminal has built a ransomware program based on proof-of-concept code released online , but messed up the implementation , resulting in victims ' files being completely unrecoverable .
Researchers from antivirus vendor Trend Micro recently spotted a new file-encrypting ransomware program distributed as a Flash Player update through a compromised website in Paraguay .
After they analyzed the program 's code , they realized that it was a modification of a proof-of-concept file encryptor application called Hidden Tear that was published on GitHub in August by a Turkish security enthusiast .
Hidden Tear comes with a disclaimer that the code may only be used for education purposes and a warning that people using it as ransomware could go to jail .
Not surprisingly , cybercriminals do n't care much about disclaimers or jail warnings , so it was n't long before the code was used to create ransomware programs .
First , some Reddit users pointed out similarities between Hidden Tear and Linux.Encoder , a ransomware program targeting Web servers . The similarities included a flaw in the encryption implementation that made recovering affected files possible without paying the ransom .
After facing understandable criticism for releasing the code , the Hidden Tear author said in a blog post in November that one of their intentions was to create a trap for unskilled cybercriminals and that the flawed encryption was intentional .
True or not , it seems that the code is doing more harm than good .
Called RANSOM_CRYPTEAR.B , the ransomware program distributed from the website in Paraguay is also based on Hidden Tear , but its creator , supposedly a Brazilian hacker , has made a serious error , according to the Trend Micro researchers .
Once executed on a computer , RANSOM_CRYPTEAR.B generates an encryption key and saves it in a file on the computer 's desktop . It then proceeds to encrypt files with certain extensions , including the file where the encryption key is stored , before sending it to the attacker .
This makes it essentially impossible to recover the files , as the key itself gets encrypted , probably by mistake , the Trend Micro researchers said in a blog post .
In other words , users infected with the program will not be able to recover their files in the absence of backups , even if they decide to pay the ransom .
Sharing information about how various threats work is important in order to understand them and to protect users , but releasing sample code publicly is not needed for that goal , the Trend Micro researchers said .
We are all aware of the powerful energies at play during a full moon . With its strong gravitational pull on the tides and therefore , our aqueous bodies , it is important to be mindful of our emotions before they run amok . Hint : Meditation is always a great resource for a quick attitude adjustment .
Tonight 's lunar exhibition holds court in the Zodiac sign , Taurus — the celestial take it or leave it bull . But while Taurus may be stubborn , they certainly know of the pleasures in life , with Venus ( the Goddess of Love ) as ruler . So do n't be surprised if you feel a little extra tug on your heart strings this evening , just use it to your advantage . Invite sensuality into your relationship with open , loving arms .
Our love lives aside , a full moon in Taurus also coaxes us to shed the layers of our old selves , allowing the illumined authentic self to finally , truly emerge . Many of us have experienced the intensity of recent cosmic shifts , so it 's time to release the perpetual grip we still have on what no longer serves us , for good .
We 've curated some of our favorite astrological forecasts from around the web , that reveal more insights about tonight 's full moon :
Astrology.com :
Published in Nature 459 , 468-469 ( 20 May 2009 ) | 10.1038/nj7245-468a
Special Report
Karen Kaplan1
Feelings of inadequacy in one 's field sometimes plague even the most accomplished scientists , especially women . Karen Kaplan analyses this apparent phenomenon and its impact .
IMAGES.COM/CORBIS
It usually happens to Cherry Murray when they are about to write a paper or give a talk on a new finding or discovery . The thoughts come unbidden , hammering inside the physicist 's head : ' I ca n't do this . I have n't done enough experiments . I have n't got enough data . I ca n't write the paper well enough yet or give the talk . '
These are n't the routine self-doubts of a young researcher . Murray is principal associate director for science and technology at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory ( LLNL ) in California , and president of the American Physical Society . On 1 July they will become dean of Harvard University 's School of Engineering and Applied Sciences . Referring to their work , they say : `` I have to tell myself this does n't have to be perfect . ''
What Murray describes — an overwhelming sense of being a fraud , a phony , of not being good enough for their job , despite much evidence to the contrary — was first identified more than 30 years ago by two clinical psychologists who dubbed it the 'impostor phenomenon ' ( IP ) ( P. Clance and S. Imes Psychother . Theor . Res . 15 , 241–247 ; 1978 ) . In their paper , Pauline Clance and Suzanne Imes describe women who , despite reaching significant intellectual milestones ranging from advanced degrees to professional awards , can not internalize their success or convince themselves they deserve it . `` They consider themselves to be 'impostors ' , '' wrote Clance and Imes . `` Numerous achievements , which one might expect to provide ample objective evidence of superior intellectual functioning , do not appear to affect the impostor belief . ''
Before taking up their LLNL post , Murray spent decades at Bell Laboratories and left as senior vice-president for physical sciences and wireless research . They have published more than 70 papers in peer-reviewed journals , has won a number of awards , holds two patents and has served on more than 80 national and international scientific committees and governing boards . Yet the self-doubt still lurks . `` Do I ever think I 'm not qualified ? '' they say . `` All the time . ''
Not a syndrome
Although often referred to as the 'impostor syndrome ' , the affliction is not recognized medically as a syndrome — a group of symptoms signifying a disease or the propensity to develop one . In their 1978 paper , Clance and Imes deliberately avoided using the word syndrome . `` I did n't want this to be one more way of pathologizing women , '' says Clance . They and Imes initially believed the affliction affected mainly women , but later research has shown that men fall prey as well . Many people identify themselves as sufferers , but it 's a matter of debate as to whether IP is actually a distinct emotional or psychological condition . `` A whole lot more has been made of this for commercial purposes than it deserves , '' says Mayada Akil , medical director of the outpatient programme in the psychiatry department at Georgetown University Hospital in Washington DC . In recent years , it has drawn significant interest as the subject of books , talk shows and popular-magazine articles . `` I think the emotional experience exists , but it is not a disorder or syndrome , '' says Akil . Rather , they suggest , other underlying maladies such as depression are responsible for severely impeding work . Depression is a true disorder , they say .
But for believers such as Clance and Imes , IP is a real condition that often has serious consequences . It may emotionally choke its sufferers to the point at which it derails their career . `` One of my clients had been offered this promotion , but they decided they did n't have the skill set to accept it . They declined , '' Clance remembers . Although this story has a happy ending — the client 's unusually perceptive superior encouraged them to accept the new post and told them they could return to their former post if things did n't work out — many do n't , Clance warns .
The search for perfection
Recognizing the source of self-doubt : David Poeppel ( left ) and Pauline Clance .
Catherine Cardelús , an assistant professor in biology at Colgate University in Hamilton , New York , first noticed the phenomenon as a graduate student working in the rainforests of Costa Rica . Cardelús is physically fit , and their studies involved a great deal of challenging field work , such as climbing trees , and much intensive lab work . `` I was thinking , ' I 'm not cut out for this . I really ca n't do this ' — even though there was ample evidence to the contrary , '' they remember . And the negative , self-sabotaging thoughts did n't stop , they continued through their postdoc and into their full-time positions . `` I 'm a high achiever and I 'm successful , but I 've had those moments of waiting for someone to tap me on the shoulder and tell me I do n't belong , '' they say . `` Or to tell me I was really lucky to get that paper in that journal . '' Cardelús has discussed the issue at international science conferences . `` It 's pervasive , '' they say . `` Absolutely pervasive . ''
Clance , a professor emeritus at Georgia State University in Atlanta and a clinical psychologist since 1976 , calls Murray 's and Cardelús 's experiences `` classic IP '' . Neither they nor Imes , a psychotherapist and clinical psychologist in Atlanta , can definitively say whether women in science suffer from the problem in greater numbers than those in other fields or than men in any field .
Although Murray and Cardelús say it has not damaged their careers , both admit they have n't published as many papers as some of their male counterparts — perhaps in part because neither can bear to have so much as a typo mar their work . So they review , rewrite , proofread , review , rewrite and proofread . The process can take years . `` I sit on my papers , '' says Cardelús . `` I make sure there 's not a single typo and if there is , it 's a disaster . '' Indeed , the need for perfectionism is a hallmark of feeling like an impostor , according to Clance and Imes . `` They have to be the perfect hostess and mother and wife . They have to be perfect at everything , '' says Imes .
What causes this emotional self-sabotage ? Clance and Imes found that childhood experiences typically begin the cycle . Sufferers were often valued for their intelligence , giving rise to self-doubts and feelings of fraudulence when excellent grades do n't materialize in graduate school and , later , when a new postdoc or new job is n't a breeze . `` A lot of high achievers grew up in families where they are given approval for achievement but not given much validation for their feelings , '' Imes explains . `` So they grow up thinking their worth or value is tied only to achievement . ''
New York University neuroscientist David Poeppel struggled for years with impostor feelings that emerged when they were a graduate student at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and continued to plague them through their postdoc at the University of California , San Francisco . `` I was working on research I thought was innovative , but was surrounded by overachievers , '' they say . `` You think , ' I could n't have done that . How come I 'm even here at all ? ' . '' It still sometimes raises its unwelcome head . `` Exogenous validation does n't do it , '' Poeppel says . `` Somehow , you ca n't internalize . You can not say , 'All right , what I 'm doing is serious and is taken seriously and I should be calm about it and just chill ' . ''
Underlying anxiety
So how do the afflicted accomplish anything at all , stymied as they are by self-doubt and the sense that they 're fooling everyone around them ? There are several steps that may help ( see 'Purging that inner critic ' ) . Clance and Imes encourage sufferers to seek therapy . Many of their clients who struggled with IP , they say , also had underlying depression or anxiety that responded to counselling and medication , which also relieved the impostor feelings .
Becoming responsible for others has also helped some sufferers , perhaps because the focus is turned away from themselves . Poeppel says their impostor feelings began to subside after several years as an assistant professor , about eight years ago . When they were no longer competing with classmates and colleagues for grades and accolades and was instead shepherding younger students along their own paths , the self-doubt and terror mostly fell away . `` You feel OK about complimenting people on their performance , '' they say .
`` One of my strategies is to reread papers of mine and remind myself , 'Wow , that was great , that was such a good paper , ' '' says Cardelús , who adds that having their first child also alleviated some of their struggles . Being directly responsible for a new life that they helped create has given them a sense of accomplishment and mitigated their impostor fears . `` That 's a huge moment in your life and it should empower you , '' they say .
Purging that inner critic
Here are some strategies that may help those struggling with impostor phenomenon .
If you 're a student or a postdoctoral fellow , get a supportive , understanding adviser .
If you 're working , do your best to find a supportive , understanding mentor .
Call on your partner or friends to be supportive and talk you through impostor feelings .
Hire a tutor or take a class in a topic or area where you think your abilities are weaker . You 'll learn what you need — or realize how much you already know .
Make a list of your strengths . Look back at examples of your own successful work , or positive reviews , and remind yourself of your own accomplishments .
Accept that some tasks will not be done perfectly .
Be aware of your language choices . If you find yourself thinking you were 'lucky ' to have got a grant or published a paper , focus on what you did to earn it .
K.K .
The Republican-led US House of Representatives has cleared the way for the launch of a lawsuit accusing President Barack Obama of overstepping their authority in carrying out their signature healthcare law .
The 225-201 vote , along party lines , to authorise the suit will allow House lawyers to draft legal documents over a five-week summer recess starting on Friday .
The planned lawsuit is expected to generate months of bitter campaign rhetoric from both Republicans and Democrats ahead of November elections that will determine the political control of Congress next year .
The suit is expected to claim that Obama , a Democrat , exceeded their executive authority in making unilateral changes to the Affordable Care Act , known as `` Obamacare '' .
Republicans argue that by delaying some healthcare coverage mandates and granting various waivers , they bypassed Congress in violation of the US constitution , the Reuters news agency reported .
Republicans have complained about other unilateral actions that Obama has taken to advance their agenda , from executive orders on immigration policy to same-sex partner benefits .
But they have narrowly focused the suit on the healthcare law because `` it is the option most likely to clear the legal hurdles necessary to succeed '' , said Republican Representative Pete Sessions of Texas , who chairs the House Rules Committee .
`` This administration has effectively rewritten the law without following the constitutional process , '' Sessions added .
Democrats have critcised the lawsuit effort as a politically motivated waste of taxpayer resources while Congress has failed to act on other pressing issues including emergency funding to deal with a flood of migrant children .
`` This is a veiled attempt at impeaching the president , '' said Democratic Representative Sheila Jackson-Lee of Texas .
A teacher at a Texas high school allegedly distributed this anti-Muslim handout to their economics class . ( Photo : KHOU )
A high school economics teacher is facing disciplinary action after allegedly distributing anti-Muslim handouts to their students .
In late March — although the events are just coming to light now — an unnamed teacher at Foster High School in Richmond , Texas , sent students home with an eight-page handout entitled “ Islam/Radical Islam ( Did You Know ) . ” The handout , which was not approved by the Lamar Consolidated Independent School District , made claims such as “ 38 % of Muslims believe people that leave the faith should be executed ” and “ There are an estimated 190-300 million ‘ radical Islam ' followers. ” It also made reference to terrorism , beheadings and “ if taken hostage by radical Islamists , what to do . ”
The information on the handout , which cited no sources , had allegedly beem pulled from various hate sites , according to the New York Daily News .
This anti-Muslim handout included references to beheadings , terrorism and what to do if taken hostage by radical Islamists . ( Photo : KHOU )
A Muslim student in the class took the handout home to their parents , who contacted the Houston office of the Council on American-Islamic Relations ( CAIR-Houston ) . The family has chosen to remain anonymous but CAIR-Houston is calling for swift action against the teacher . “ I 'm hoping that they will take appropriate disciplinary action , but more than that we would like to provide some sort of diversity training to the teachers in the district , ” Mustafaa Carroll , executive director of CAIR-Houston , tells Yahoo Parenting . “ My guess is that some of the educators in the district do n't know or understand Muslims , which is unfortunate because there is a large population of Muslims in that district . Without training , the school is on a collision course and things like this will keep happening . ”
The Lamar Consolidated Independent School District provided Yahoo Parenting with the following statement : “ We 're disappointed to learn one teacher made independent changes to a lesson plan , resulting in information being given that did n't follow subject matter , or state and local curriculum plans . As soon as this issue was brought to our attention , the administration addressed the situation with the teacher . Ensuring our students have access to factual information , given in the proper context , is a priority in our District . Arbitrary curriculum decisions , which are clearly outside of the guidelines , wo n't be tolerated . The District generally does not comment on personnel actions , but the appropriate measures will be taken in response to this matter . ”
For some reason there has been a recent flurry of discussions on social media about the racial disparity report that was written by Ralph Bangs and Larry Davis of the School of Social Work back in 2007 , as an op-ed written by the two for the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette , `` Pittsburgh 's shame , '' makes the rounds . Bangs has been documenting racial disparity in Allegheny County for the past 17 years . Most Black Pittsburghers have been aware of this problem far longer than Bangs has documented it . Meanwhile , Pittsburgh has continued blissfully on its way , winning accolades as the `` most livable city '' on national surveys , making one wonder whether or not Black Pittsburgh is really part of the Pittsburgh metropolitan area at all .
It might be tempting to , as many do , blame racism for all of the problems facing Black Pittsburgh , but that would be too simplistic . To be sure , Pittsburgh is a very cliquish , parochial , and conservative town . It has , historically been a union town , and it has been a town that has been run by political machines and private philanthropy . You had to be in the union to have access to jobs , and blacks were excluded from the unions . You had to be `` part of the loop '' to have access to philanthropic funds , and very few blacks could penetrate that exclusive inner circle . You had to be part of the party machine in order to leverage political power , and blacks were often crowded out by more affluent and better-connected communities .
It has always been the case that if one could not break into the `` right '' social networks then one was plumb out of luck in Pittsburgh . That 's just the way this city works .
But it 's not as though there have n't been openings over the past 50 years . It 's not as though there have n't been opportunities that the Black community has not taken advantage of .
There were increased opportunities for neighborhood empowerment during the Community Action days of the 1960s and later , during the neighborhood-oriented governance under the Caligiuri administration , but those opportunities were not fully exploited by Pittsburgh 's black neighborhoods .
There were opportunities to develop competitive commercial districts when funding was available for community economic development , during the 1980s , but the CDCs in black neighborhoods were stunningly dysfunctional and weakened by in-fighting .
There were opportunities to get a foothold in the universities during the heady days of the '70s and the '80s -- but the black intelligentsia allowed itself to get bogged down in petty university politics instead . It did not network or collaborate on important matters such as research , publication and mentorship . It was disengaged from the academic culture that is necessary to survive in an academic institution -- and rather than teaching and transmitting an academic culture to young people it promoted an impotent and futile discourse of grievance and entitlement .
The movement from `` at large '' representation on city council to council-by-district gave black Pittsburghers a greater opportunity to have a voice in local politics , but voter turn-out in African American communities is consistently low and the unwillingness to hold elected officials accountable for more than just token gestures and showmanship ensures that black votes can either be taken for granted or ignored altogether by local politicians .
So this is the state of things . Pittsburgh , as a city , may be cliquish , conservative , parochial , and insular -- thereby marginalizing black Pittsburgh , but black Pittsburgh is also cliquish , parochial , conservative and insular , which makes it difficult , if not impossible , to bring about change .
Pittsburgh is like a game of musical chairs , and all the seats have already been taken . Yet there are accelerating changes in technology , the local economy , and local demographics that should provide some margin of opportunity for black Pittsburghers , if we are prepared to identify and take advantage of openings -- or create them .
In this game of musical chairs the music is starting up again . The players are circling around even fewer chairs in the local economic , cultural and political landscape . Yet the untapped resources in this region are rich . But if we continue relying on the same leadership , the same institutions , the same excuses , the same insularity and the same mindset that we have relied on for the past 17 years then we will be reading headlines like this one 17 years from now .
That , my friends , will be the real `` shame '' about black Pittsburgh .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
If you find value in Homewood Nation , please help it to continue by using the button at the right to make a donation . Thanks !
Preface
The Internet has allowed a person to decouple their information experience from their physical characteristics . For example , a tall , white American male of heterosexual preference can legitimately create a persona of a short , black Nigerian female of homosexual preference and as long as they can explain what such an identity means to him , then others will be forced to accept that identity as valid because there are no other points of reference to utilize . As a result of this , a tremendous explosion of identity-oriented relationships have compelled people to accept the self-identification of another , regardless of other contributing factors of identity . This has resulted in turning every single person on the internet into an identity extremist . In this case study , I will put forth a theory on how to fracture these self-forming monocultures of identity so that they become trapped in a state of diminishing returns .
Actors : /pol/
First , we shall examine an identity known as /pol/ . /pol/ is a political board on 4chan . People who self-identify as European nationalist ( and related identities ) as well as those who oppose such views tend to congregate there . The structure of the communication is just as important as the communication itself . It is anonymous by default . There are no user accounts and no history of usage as contributions to the board ultimately get deleted after a short time . Any identity criteria are voluntary and can be changed on a per-post basis . The structure of communication allows for an extremely flexible expression of self-identification , and ironically , the mass amount of participants of the board rarely deviate from a European nationalist identity .
The only people who exploit said flexibility are those who opposed to the European nationalist identity . Very commonly , threads are derailed , content will be intentionally pushed off of the main page , and off-topic threads quickly dominate the content space . This results in perpetual agitation of the main community . However , because of their adherence to free speech , they refuse to fix this via policy and rarely issue bans even upon the most coordinated attempts of agitation . The agitation does not provide any significant criteria for education or conversion and , instead , is rooted in achieving identity revenge and low-hanging social justice objectives .
This fixation comes from the European nationalist identity being considered the most evil and disgusting of all identities since the rise of globalism . Because of this permanent friction , the European nationalist identity doubles down and takes a permanently defensive position , certain that at every possible moment , an agitator will very overtly attempt to provoke them because of their identity preference . Paranoia dominates the typical exchange , but when self-identity is expressed and mutually appreciated , the participants resonate in a much more meaningful fashion . They generally have collective enemies , ( the internationalist Jewish banking system ) collective heroes , ( Military conquerors ) collective fears , ( Heritage displacement ) and collective utopias . ( Homogeneity )
In short , in order for someone to embrace a self-identification that the entirety of western civilization has spent the last 70 years actively demonizing and , in most cases , have made illegal , there must be excessively compelling reasons for one to participate that go beyond the typical polemics and knee-jerk assumptions third-party observers are trained to repeat .
Actors : Pixel-based Feminism
In addition to allowing illegal and morally reprehensible self-identifications , the Internet also contains politically-sponsored and morally righteous self-identifications as well . Pixel-based Feminism is a self-identification where one engages in the expressions of female supremacy through electronic mediums . ( Supremacy in relation to their current socioeconomic position , not in the absolutist sense ) It has a massive social support network spanning high-traffic blog sites , content propagators , and forums that are highly identity-oriented . The structure of communication is based largely on point systems for social status . Views , followers , upvotes , comments , downloads , retweets , favorites , and many other arbitrary metrics are used isolate and deeply quantify the value of one person over another .
The primary way to game this economic system is through identity consolidation where anything that provides bombastic worship for female supremacy is considered good , while anything that does not be considered worthy of a fatwa . This incredibly simple consolidation is intuitive even to the newest of participants . Ironically , this self-identity has deep historical roots utilizing the most flexible interpretations of identity politics to its favor , but it is regulated by a very rigid regime of social status . Nonetheless , they enjoy a monoculture that can be summoned on command to game non-anonymous systems very efficiently .
These various point-based status systems help assist in the purging of agitators , and thus , reducing the exposure to criticisms which ultimately forms a monoculture . Free speech , as it is commonly understood in the West , is not tolerated and the status system helps eliminate that as well . Because being cut off from the identity consolidation greatly reduces one 's chances at gaming the system , internal conflicts are rare , but quickly sorted out . They generally have collective enemies , ( the patriarchy ) collective heroes , ( Feminist authors and sociologists ) collective fears , ( Loss of influence ) and collective utopias . ( Equality )
In short , as long as one subscribes to the idea that a quantifiable status system helps propagate emotional expressions , an individual will orient their self-identify in the interests of identity consolidation instead of one rooted in personal conclusions . Conflict is frequently avoided and constantly self-corrected . Foreign ideas have zero impact on the community as a whole .
The Theory
As a result of the difference in these communication structures , /pol/ is under constant criticism from feminist efforts ( and affiliated identities they have collected over the century ) . Feminists , however , are very successful at protecting their monoculture through a layered approach :
Feminist accusations of social inferiority are designed to win maximum consensus from unaffiliated audiences . When such people hear the branding of “ sexist ” or “ racist ” they will automatically equate the branded as “ evil ”
Once branded as such , there is no way to achieve salvation . There is no bankruptcy process , penance , or jubilee event . The branding is designed to be permanent so that the branded is unable to extract any social influence whatsoever . Apologies are considered weakness and/or disingenuous . The branded must submit to the will of the brander for all time .
Since they are ultimately trying to achieve points for their status systems , they can conduct mass branding on a fairly consistent basis while finding ways to reduce the amount of effort and increase the efficiency of that branding .
Because they can summon mobs by appealing to identity consolidation , they are able to shout down any opposing idea , and thus , protect themselves from non-feminist criticism .
If pressed hard enough , they can appeal to the legal system and try their luck at finding protection behind civil rights legislation .
On the outside , they appear to be invincible . However , upon closer inspection of the status system , it is actually an imperial monoculture , not a voluntary one . Meaning , one has to submit their will to the identity consolidation to achieve leveraged gains . This means if two participants of the Feminist identity self-identify themselves as women , but one woman self-identifies some other aspect of themselves as one thing while another woman self-identifies that same aspect as something else , conflict will occur because that aspect 's influence will result in non-approved strategies to game the status system , and thus , be considered cheating .
This tiny difference , when compounded enough over time , can result in a fracturing of the monoculture . In theory , if a European nationalist identity could be proven to exist in that monoculture , then they would be targeted by the same branding they have judiciously handed out to others . Because this European nationalist identity is so closely tied to the common enemy of Feminism , ( the patriarchy ) not only would the monoculture be fractured , but those branded as “ racist ” will have to spend far more of their status influence just to participate in the monoculture , let alone command it as they previously had . Because the branding is eternal and irredeemable , when exposed to sustained branding , their entire apparatus will cost far more energy to operate than it puts out , and thus , put the monoculture into a state of diminishing returns .
Getting started writing a new use case
This section will explain all the code you need to write to create a use case using the Clean approach on top of the boilerplate provided in the previous section . A use case is just some isolated functionality of the app . A use case may ( e.g . on user click ) or may not be started by a user .
First let 's explain the structure and terminology of this approach . This is how I build apps but it is not set in stone and you can organize it differently if you want .
Structure
The general structure for an Android app looks like this :
Outer layer packages : UI , Storage , Network , etc .
Middle layer packages : Presenters , Converters
Inner layer packages : Interactors , Models , Repositories , Executor
Outer layer
As already mentioned , this is where the framework details go .
UI — This is where you put all your Activities , Fragments , Adapters and other Android code related to the user interface .
Storage — Database specific code that implements the interface our Interactors use for accessing data and storing data . This includes , for example , ContentProviders or ORM-s such as DBFlow .
Network — Things like Retrofit go here .
Middle layer
Glue code layer which connects the implementation details with your business logic .
Presenters — Presenters handle events from the UI ( e.g . user click ) and usually serve as callbacks from inner layers ( Interactors ) .
Converters — Converter objects are responsible for converting inner models to outer models and vice versa .
Inner layer
The core layer contains the most high-level code . All classes here are POJOs . Classes and objects in this layer have no knowledge that they are run in an Android app and can easily be ported to any machine running JVM .
Interactors — These are the classes which actually contain your business logic code . These are run in the background and communicate events to the upper layer using callbacks . They are also called UseCases in some projects ( probably a better name ) . It is normal to have a lot of small Interactor classes in your projects that solve specific problems . This conforms to the Single Responsibility Principle and in my opinion is easier on the brain .
Models — These are your business models that you manipulate in your business logic .
Repositories — This package only contains interfaces that the database or some other outer layer implements . These interfaces are used by Interactors to access and store data . This is also called a repository pattern .
Executor — This package contains code for making Interactors run in the background by using a worker thread executor . This package is generally not something you need to change .
A simple example
In this example , our use case will be : “ Greet the user with a message when the app starts where that message is stored in the database. ” This example will showcase how to write the following three packages needed to make the use case work :
the presentation package
package the storage package
package the domain package
The first two belong to the outer layer while the last one is the inner/core layer .
Presentation package is responsible for everything related to showing things on the screen — it includes the whole MVP stack ( it means it also includes both the UI and Presenter packages even though they belong to different layers ) .
OK — less talk , more code .
Writing a new Interactor ( inner/core layer )
In reality you could start in any layer of the architecture , but I recommend you to start on your core business logic first . You can write it , test it and make sure it works without ever creating an activity .
So let 's start by creating an Interactor . The Interactor is where the main logic of the use case resides . All Interactors are run in the background thread so there should n't be any impact on UI performance . Let 's create a new Interactor with a warm name of WelcomingInteractor .
public interface WelcomingInteractor extends Interactor {
interface Callback {
void onMessageRetrieved ( String message ) ;
void onRetrievalFailed ( String error ) ;
}
}
The Callback is responsible for talking to the UI on the main thread , we put it into this Interactor 's interface so we do n't have to name it a WelcomingInteractorCallback — to distinguish it from other callbacks . Now let 's implement our logic of retrieving a message . Let 's say we have a MessageRepository that can give us our welcome message .
public interface MessageRepository {
String getWelcomeMessage ( ) ;
}
Now let 's implement our Interactor interface with our business logic . It is important that the implementation extends the AbstractInteractor which takes care of running it on the background thread .
WelcomingInteractor run method .
This just attempts to retrieve the message and sends the message or the error to the UI to display it . We notify the UI using our Callback which is actually going to be our Presenter . That is the crux of our business logic . Everything else we need to do is framework dependent .
Let 's take a look which dependencies do this Interactor have :
As you can see , there is no mention of any Android code . That is the main benefit of this approach . You can see that the Independent of Frameworks point holds . Also , we do not care about specifics of the UI or database , we just call interface methods that someone somewhere in the outer layer will implement . Therefore , we are Independent of UI and Independent of Databases .
Testing our Interactor
We can now run and test our Interactor without running an emulator . So let 's write a simple JUnit test to make sure it works :
Again , this Interactor code has no idea that it will live inside an Android app . This proves that our business logic is Testable , which was the second point to show .
Writing the presentation layer
Presentation code belongs to the outer layer in Clean . It consists of framework dependent code to display the UI to the user . We will use the MainActivity class to display the welcome message to the user when the app resumes .
Let 's start by writing the interface of our Presenter and View . The only thing our view needs to do is to display the welcome message :
public interface MainPresenter extends BasePresenter {
interface View extends BaseView {
void displayWelcomeMessage ( String msg ) ;
}
}
So how and where do we start the Interactor when an app resumes ? Everything that is not strictly view related should go into the Presenter class . This helps achieve separation of concerns and prevents the Activity classes from getting bloated . This includes all code working with Interactors .
In our MainActivity class we override the onResume ( ) method :
@ Override
protected void onResume ( ) {
super.onResume ( ) ;
// let 's start welcome message retrieval when the app resumes
mPresenter.resume ( ) ;
}
All Presenter objects implement the resume ( ) method when they extend BasePresenter .
Note : Astute readers will probably see that I have added Android lifecycle methods to the BasePresenter interface as helper methods , even though the Presenter is in a lower layer . The Presenter should not know about anything in the UI layer — e.g . that it has a lifecycle . However , I 'm not specifying Android specific * event * here as every UI has to be shown to the user sometime . Imagine I called it onUIShow ( ) instead of onResume ( ) . It 's all good now , right ? : )
We start the Interactor inside the MainPresenter class in the resume ( ) method :
@ Override
public void resume ( ) {
mView.showProgress ( ) ;
// initialize the interactor
WelcomingInteractor interactor = new WelcomingInteractorImpl (
mExecutor ,
mMainThread ,
this ,
mMessageRepository
) ;
// run the interactor
interactor.execute ( ) ;
}
To execute ( ) method will just execute the run ( ) method of the WelcomingInteractorImpl in a background thread . The run ( ) method can be seen in the Writing a new Interactor section .
You may notice that the Interactor behaves similarly to the AsyncTask class . You supply it with all that it needs to run and execute it . You might ask why did n't we just use AsyncTask ? Because that is Android specific code and you would need an emulator to run it and to test it .
We provide several things to the interactor :
The ThreadExecutor instance which is responsible for executing Interactors in a background thread . I usually make it a singleton . This class actually resides in the domain package and does not need to be implemented in an outer layer .
instance which is responsible for executing Interactors in a background thread . I usually make it a singleton . This class actually resides in the package and does not need to be implemented in an outer layer . The MainThreadImpl instance which is responsible for posting runnables on the main thread from the Interactor . Main threads are accessible using framework specific code and so we should implement it in an outer layer .
instance which is responsible for posting runnables on the main thread from the Interactor . Main threads are accessible using framework specific code and so we should implement it in an outer layer . You may also notice we provide this to the Interactor — MainPresenter is the Callback object the Interactor will use to notify the UI for events .
to the Interactor — is the Callback object the Interactor will use to notify the UI for events . We provide an instance of the WelcomeMessageRepository which implements the MessageRepository interface that our interactor uses . The WelcomeMessageRepository is covered later in the Writing the storage layer section .
Note : Since there are many things you need to provide to an Interactor each time , a dependency injection framework like Dagger 2 would be useful . But I choose not to include it here for simplicity . Implementation of such a framework is left to your own discretion .
Regarding this , the MainPresenter of the MainActivity really does implement the Callback interface :
public class MainPresenterImpl extends AbstractPresenter implements MainPresenter , WelcomingInteractor.Callback {
And that is how we listen for events from the Interactor . This is the code from the MainPresenter :
@ Override
public void onMessageRetrieved ( String message ) {
mView.hideProgress ( ) ;
mView.displayWelcomeMessage ( message ) ;
}
@ Override
public void onRetrievalFailed ( String error ) {
mView.hideProgress ( ) ;
onError ( error ) ;
}
The View seen in these snippets is our MainActivity which implements this interface :
public class MainActivity extends AppCompatActivity implements MainPresenter.View {
Which is then responsible for displaying the welcome message , as seen here :
@ Override
public void displayWelcomeMessage ( String msg ) {
mWelcomeTextView.setText ( msg ) ;
}
And that is pretty much it for the presentation layer .
Writing the storage layer
This is where our repository gets implemented . All the database specific code should come here . The repository pattern just abstracts where the data is coming from . Our main business logic is oblivious to the source of the data — be it from a database , a server or text files .
For complex data you can use ContentProviders or ORM tools such as DBFlow . If you need to retrieve data from the web then Retrofit will help you . If you need simple key-value storage then you can use SharedPreferences . You should use the right tool for the job .
Our database is not really a database . It is going to be a very simple class with some simulated delay :
public class WelcomeMessageRepository implements MessageRepository {
@ Override
public String getWelcomeMessage ( ) {
String msg = `` Welcome , friend ! `` ; // let 's be friendly
// let 's simulate some network/database lag
try {
Thread.sleep ( 2000 ) ;
} catch ( InterruptedException e ) {
e.printStackTrace ( ) ;
}
return msg ;
}
}
As far as our WelcomingInteractor is concerned , the lag might be because of the real network or any other reason . It does n't really care what is underneath the MessageRepository as long as it implements that interface .
Summary
This example can be accessed on a git repository here . The summarized version of calls by class is as follows :
MainActivity - > MainPresenter - > WelcomingInteractor - > WelcomeMessageRepository - > WelcomingInteractor - > MainPresenter - > MainActivity
It is important to note the flow of control :
Outer — Mid — Core — Outer — Core — Mid — Outer
It is common to access the outer layers multiple times during a single use case . In case you need to display something , store something and access something from the web , your flow of control will access the outer layer at least three times .
Conclusion
For me , this has been the best way to develop apps so far . Decoupled code makes it easy to focus your attention on specific issues without a lot of bloatware getting in the way . After all , I think this is a pretty SOLID approach but it does take some time getting used to . That was also the reason I wrote all of this , to help people understand better with step-by-step examples . If anything remains unclear I will gladly address those concerns as your feedback is very important . I would also very much like to hear what can be improved . A healthy discussion would benefit everyone .
I have also built and open sourced a sample cost tracker app with Clean to showcase how the code would look like on a real app . It 's nothing really innovative in terms of features but I think it covers what I talked about well with a bit more complex examples . You can find it here : Sample Cost Tracker App
And again , that sample app was built upon the Clean starter pack that can be found here : Android Clean Boilerplate
Further reading
This guide was meant to expand upon this awesome article . The difference is that I used regular Java in my examples as to not add too much overhead in showcasing this approach . If you want RxJava examples with Clean then take a look here .
Komodo On-Stage Presentation at the Bitcoin , Ethereum , & Blockchain Conference
Komodo Platform Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 20 , 2017
You may have heard about the massive Bitcoin , Ethereum , and Blockchain Superconference this coming February 16–18 , 2018 in Dallas , Texas .
It 's an annual conference where hundreds of blockchain enthusiasts from around the world gather to hear leading developers discuss ideas on how blockchain can change the world .
This year , we 're on the menu !
From the Komodo team , Jason Brown will present to the conference audience our advancements in decentralizing the ICO platform .
He 'll be going over in detail our Jumblr and barterDEX technologies , how we made anonymous purchases during the ICO stage a reality , how we plan to implement the same Lightning Network employed by Bitcoin , and much more .
If you 'd like to get a preview , check out this fifteen-minute podcast where Jason sits down with the FutureTech team to discuss the nuts and bolts powering Komodo .
INDIANAPOLIS — Less than a month ago , Senator Ted Cruz seemed to have done it .
They had won Wisconsin . Former rivals were holding their noses to support him . They were dominating delegate elections , positioning themselves for what seemed increasingly likely to be a floor fight at the Republican convention in July , as the campaign of Donald J. Trump fell into internal disarray .
“ Tonight is a turning point , ” Mr. Cruz said on primary night in Milwaukee . “ It is a rallying cry . ”
It was neither .
On Tuesday , Mr. Cruz ended their campaign , their loss in Indiana extinguishing any chance of denying Mr. Trump the nomination .
“ Together we left it all on the field in Indiana , ” Mr. Cruz told supporters here as cries of “ Nooo ! ” rained from the crowd . “ We gave it everything we 've got . But the voters chose another path . ”
Justice officials are seeking a sentence of two years house arrest and a $ 100,000 fine for a Winnipeg man who provided what border officials described as an illegal `` one-stop-shop immigration service . ''
Hae Suk Yoon , 68 , pleaded guilty Monday to two counts of providing paid immigration consulting services without a licence .
Yoon was warned years before their arrest that they needed to be a registered immigration consultant in order to charge a fee for their services , but `` persisted until they were caught red-handed by the government , '' Crown attorney Michael Foote told Judge Alain Huberdeau .
A lengthy investigation by the Canada Border Services Agency revealed Yoon , over the course of six years , had provided immigration services to over 380 foreign nationals , primarily from Korea , and 57 businesses , earning a total of $ 347,000 .
`` Immigrants are among the most vulnerable people in Canada , '' Foote said . `` They have to know an immigration consultant is going to be trustworthy , licensed , and subject to regulation in Canada . That is the least they can expect . ''
Targeted 'very vulnerable clients ' : Crown
Court heard Yoon first came to the attention of the CBSA in April 2009 after Yoon accompanied three Korean nationals to the Emerson border crossing to seek work permits .
`` At that time , Mr. Yoon was asked if they were being paid as a consultant and they said that they were not , '' Foote said .
But further discussion with one of the foreign nationals revealed Yoon had charged them $ 300 for their services that day .
Advised that they would not be able to represent clients without a licence , `` Yoon indicated that they understood and would do what they needed to do to be legal , '' Foote said .
This was a very lucrative business with very vulnerable clients . - Crown attorney Michael Foote
Two years later , in what was described as a follow-up investigation , a CBSA investigator discovered a website for restaurant help that listed H.S . Yoon Consulting as a placement agency . An ad for H.S . Yoon Consulting was also found on a South Korean social media website .
A three-year investigation ensued , during which time investigators were able to link the files of 106 foreign nationals to Yoon 's Winnipeg residential address .
A search warrant executed at Yoon 's William Avenue home `` revealed they had been operating what the Canada Border Services Agency described as a one-stop-shop immigration service for certain businesses located in Manitoba and from foreign nationals from Korea to work at these businesses , '' Foote said .
Yoon kept detailed records , all of which had to be translated from Korean , revealing they charged their clients as much as $ 5,500 for their services .
`` This was a very lucrative business with very vulnerable clients that clearly has the effect of undermining the integrity of the Canadian immigration system , and a message has to go out that this can not be tolerated , '' Foote said .
'He wanted to help people in their community '
Defence lawyer Evan Roitenberg recommended Yoon be sentenced to one year house arrest and fined $ 30,000 .
Yoon immigrated to Canada in 1976 and worked as a university lab technician for 25 years before retiring in 2005 .
`` Before retiring , they saw a lot of new immigrants , particularly Korean , coming to Winnipeg , '' Roitenberg told court .
Yoon became a sought-after resource for immigrants needing information and advice about how to adapt and live in their new home , Roitenberg said . Over time , Yoon started charging for their services .
`` He wanted to help people in their community and they wanted to be compensated for their time , '' Roitenberg said .
Yoon will return to court for sentencing at a later date .
The New 'Evidence ' Against Randy Blythe
Tags :
Randy Blythe , Lamb of God
Jason Fisher July 11 , 2012
July 11 , 2012
Analysing the results of CW 's online poll , we grapple with the implication that one in 20 British amateur riders is a doper
A few weeks ago the BBC reported the findings of a poll it had conducted asking 1,125 amateur sportspeople about doping : eight per cent said they had taken steroids , and 35 per cent said they personally knew someone who had doped — worrying , perhaps , but not especially shocking , given that nearly half of those questioned said they participated in gym/weightlifting .
It 's hardly news that steroid use is rife in certain sections of British gym-going . Are the BBC 's findings a fair reflection on UK amateur cycling ?
To find out , CW conducted our own online poll , and here are the results…
Who took part ?
39 % Keen amateur/sportive rider
42 % Competitive amateur
13 % Regular recreational rider
1 % Occasional cyclist
2 % Retired/former rider
3 % Pro/elite
1,400 people took part in our survey , of whom 42 per cent described themselves as competitive amateur cyclists ; 39 per cent were keen amateur/sportive riders ; 13 per cent were recreational cyclists ; and three per cent were pro/elites — the rest were either occasional or retired riders .
Here , we will focus mainly on the racers , since it is only in racing that anti-doping rules apply — the non-competitive rider who dopes is cheating only himself . That said , the survey showed non-racing dopers do exist — more on them later .
How many admitted to doping ?
Among the racers , almost five per cent — 31 riders — said they had doped . Working purely on statistical probability , if we assume that the average field size in a UK amateur race is 30 riders , the average race will contain one or two dopers .
Even if we halve those odds , three-quarters of races will contain one doper . This may be merely theoretical extrapolation , but it paints a troubling picture nonetheless .
We asked UKAD 's director of operations Pat Myhill for their reaction to our survey 's prevalence figures :
“ There have been lots of studies and speculation on this matter , but actual prevalence is difficult to establish . Does your survey surprise me ? Not particularly , no . ”
Remember , CW 's survey was entirely voluntary ; it may be that dopers prefer not to confess , even anonymously , out of guilt or denial .
> > > Banned cyclist Andrew Hastings admits to doping on SAS : Who Dares Wins
This is the view of Dr Maria Kavussanu from Birmingham University , an expert on morality in sport :
“ I am 99.9 per cent that the actual figure is higher than five per cent because people tend to avoid answering truthfully when it comes to drug-taking . It 's like asking a liar if they lied — they are likely to lie again . ”
Watch : Industry reacts to motorised doping
Which substances did they use ?
Among those who admitted to doping , 16 said they had taken stimulants ; nine steroids ; seven testosterone ; six EPO ; five corticosteroids ; three Human Growth Hormone ; and 10 a type of substance not listed . The numbers imply several riders took more than one type of substance .
In the BBC 's survey , eight per cent of respondents said they had taken anabolic steroids while playing sport , including 14 per cent of cyclists .
> > > National 12-hour champion Robin Townsend handed four-year ban for doping offence
Our survey suggests a much lower prevalence of steroid use in cycling , less than one per cent , though the widespread use of steroids in gyms must be taken seriously .
Surely , steroid use filters through from gyms to other sports , and aside from the cheating implications , the possible side effects are numerous , from acne , aggression and fertility problems to life-threatening conditions including stroke , cancer and heart problems .
Dr Adam Abbs , an A & E GP in Manchester , told CW :
“ I saw a patient in A & E recently who was suffering multiple side effects of anabolic steroid use , including excessive aggression towards their wife . They told me it was due to steroid use , but they had no plans to stop ; in fact , my suggestion that they reconsider their steroid use was met with aggression . ”
The risks of doping are difficult to quantify — scant research has been done . One of the greatest concerns is that substances are used without full knowledge of the effects or safe dosages , and without clinical consultation .
> > > 55-year-old British amateur cyclist banned after failed dope test
If you are taking a drug potent enough to enhance your cycling performance , without medical approval , you are taking a very serious risk with your health .
“ There is a lack of data on safety and substance misuse in sport , ” confirms pharmacist Dominic Osman-Allu .
“ The side effects of steroids are well documented , and there are obvious risks from EPO : thickening of blood from increased red blood cells , possibly resulting in hypovolemia [ decreased volume of blood plasma ] , which presents the risk of blood clots and hypertension .
“ And if that 's not scary enough , you might want to consider that EPO is made using Chinese hamster ovary cells ! ”
> > > Amateur cyclist Robin Townsend receives ban for using EPO , confirms UKAD
Another area of concern is unlicensed laboratories supplying via unregulated websites , as UKAD 's Pat Myhill explains :
“ In our work with law enforcement , we 've been into some of these laboratories , and basically they are run by amateur chemists in conditions that are just awful — unhygienic in the extreme . ”
If you do n't understand the substances you 're putting into your body and/or ca n't even verify their ingredients , you 're very clearly putting yourself at risk .
Awareness of others doping
17 % Yes , more than one
8 % Yes , one person
75 % No
Among competitive amateur riders , 25 per cent said they personally know a cyclist who has doped , including 17 per cent who personally know more than one .
Of course , it may be that a number of respondents were referring to the same doping rider ( or riders ) — it does n't follow that 25 per cent are doping .
Nonetheless , it is another worrying indication . If one in four racing cyclists knows at least one doper , then cheats can hardly be described as a rare species .
Researching doping agents online
Nearly half of amateur racers ( 46 per cent ) said they had researched performance-enhancing drugs online . Of these riders , three per cent said they had done so with a view to purchasing ; the other 43 per cent browsed merely out of curiosity .
It may be entirely innocent , googling PEDs to investigate their effects or risks , but we can not ignore that the internet has made banned substances far more accessible .
“ Naturally , curiosity is the first step , ” says Dr Kavussanu .
> > > Can doping ever be eradicated from cycling ?
“ People do not just one day wake up and decide to take a drug ; they go through a process , they contemplate it , do some research and eventually go through with it . ”
Dr Abbs is concerned that amateurs are being drawn into taking risks they do not understand .
“ The people who supply these drugs in gyms and sports clubs generally have no medical background . They gain their knowledge from online chat rooms full of falsehoods and pseudo-science .
“ Many gyms have a doping subculture where drug use is normalised , and worryingly those on the fringe can be drawn in — quite possibly , some cyclists . ”
Why do amateurs dope ?
20 % do n't know
6 % believe it 's necessary to compete
6 % to combat the effects of ageing
19 % to rank higher relative to rivals
1 % to win prize money
48 % to win for prestige
Reflecting on why amateurs dope , almost half of racers said the biggest motivation was the desire to win to gain prestige and adulation . Around one fifth said the main reason was to rank higher relative to rivals . Twenty per cent said they did n't know .
“ Strongly associated with the temptation to dope , ” says Dr Kavussanu , “ is the winning-at-all-costs attitude among racers — as opposed to taking part to push themselves , improve their personal best or find out how good they are . ”
At what point does this obsession with winning overwhelm the moral principle of playing by the rules ?
> > > ‘ Anti-doping : it 's time for a rethink '
“ We call this ego-orientation — feeling successful only in relation to others , rather than because you 're the best you can be . Simply , some people are obsessed with winning and beating others . They define themselves by it and they would do anything to achieve it . ”
Unlikely ever to dope , says Kavussanu , are those for whom winning could never trump playing fair .
“ A very moral person , an ethical person who is committed to playing by the rules is less likely to even research these substances . They regard doping as cheating , full stop ; the red line is clear . ”
Interestingly , only one per cent of survey respondents said that the biggest motivation to dope was to win prize money . Indeed , among racers who admitted to doping , none said they did so to win money . Amateurs , it seems , do not dope for cash .
Among those who admitted to doping , 29 per cent said their main motivation to dope was to combat the effects of ageing . Could it be that an urge to defy the years is the principal factor among veterans who dope ?
Are amateur dopers influenced by the pros ?
20 % do n't know
23 % no
57 % yes
Most cyclists are aware of doping among pro riders , given the numerous high-profile scandals . But does such knowledge encourage amateurs to dope ? Fifty-seven per cent of racer respondents said yes , it does ; 23 per cent said no .
“ Moral disengagement is another factor strongly linked to doping intention , ” says Kavussanu . “ That ‘ all the pros do it ' is asserted as justification . ”
At that point , doping can begin to seem normal or even necessary to compete . The ‘ role model ' you were cheering suddenly becomes the anti-hero , as Kavussanu explains :
“ If you suspect a high-profile rider is doping , even if they have not been caught , you might morally disengage , feel doping is more acceptable and justify it to yourself . ”
Awareness of doping among pro riders can lead to the presumption that , because it seems rife , the fight against it is a losing battle — and hey , if you ca n't beat 'em , join 'em .
“ Just because some professional cyclists dope does n't mean all of them do , ”
Kavussanu continues , “ but some amateurs leap to the conclusion , ‘ If everyone does it , there ca n't be anything wrong with it . ' We have seen a strong relationship between distorting reality in this way and deciding to dope . ”
Another way in which doping riders shield themselves from reality , says Kavussanu , is by using euphemisms .
“ For example , a doping cyclist will say , ‘ EPO is like altitude training ' — they give it a different name so it does n't sound as bad . In a similar way , some bodybuilders use the term ‘ juice ' .
Using a different name makes it sound less shameful or less illegal . ”
Should there be more testing at amateur races ?
9 % no
13 % do n't know
78 % yes
Anti-doping tests at amateur bike races are few and far between . The uncomfortable truth is that dopers in amateur races , unless they arouse suspicion , are likely to get away with it .
So , should there be more testing ? The overwhelming majority ( 78 per cent ) of racer respondents in our survey said yes .
> > > ‘ Testing amateurs is morally dubious '
So why is n't it happening ? We asked UKAD 's Pat Myhill .
“ We obviously have very limited resources… Fundamentally our programme is intelligence-led and risk-based . ”
Myhill admits , “ Amateur events are the poor relation in this , but there 's only so much we can do . That 's not to say that we do n't test at amateur level… [ but ] very much on an intelligence-led basis . ”
What would it take to improve prevention at amateur level ?
“ The responsibility sits with national governing bodies [ NGBs ] — they 're the ones who know their membership and can go face-to-face to provide information and education to their athletes .
“ We would encourage all NGBs , not just in cycling , to do more . Could there be more investment ? Yes… the reality is , testing is expensive , but the sports themselves could do much more to help . ”
> > > Cycling Time Trials test record number of riders for anti-doping violations
One governing body that does invest in anti-doping is Cycling Time Trials ( CTT ) , whose national secretary Nick Sharpe told us :
“ CTT 's income is approximately £500,000 per year , raised in the main from levies [ £2 per rider per event ] . The budget for anti-doping testing last year was £40,000 — nine per cent of income , so it 's a significant proportion . ”
That £40k funded 72 tests on riders chosen at random at CTT events last year , resulting in one positive . Testing is an expensive business , as Sharpe explained :
“ The standard test [ for steroids , testosterone , stimulants , etc ] is approximately £500 . Testing for EPO or Human Growth Hormone costs an additional £120-150… Analysis of all samples taken in 2017 will include a test for EPO . ”
Considering the wide support among riders for more testing , would the CTT consider raising the levy to fund more tests ?
“ I 'm not going to be drawn on that , ” said Sharpe . “ I know how contentious the levy is… and there are no plans to increase it . ”
Walter Stanley Keane ( October 7 , 1915 – December 27 , 2000 ) was an American plagiarist , who became famous in the 1960s [ 1 ] as the claimed painter of a series of widely reproduced paintings depicting vulnerable waifs with enormous eyes . [ 2 ] The paintings are now accepted as having been painted by their wife Margaret Keane . When they declared their side of the story , Walter Keane retaliated with a USA Today article that again claimed they had done the work .
In 1986 Margaret Keane sued Walter and USA Today . In the subsequent slander suit , the judge demanded that the litigants paint a painting in the courtroom , but Walter declined , citing a sore shoulder . Margaret then produced a painting for the jurors in 53 minutes . The jury awarded their damages of $ 4 million . [ 3 ]
Biography [ edit ]
Keane was born in Lincoln , Nebraska , in October 7 , 1915 , one of 10 children from their father 's second marriage . Their mother , Alma Christina ( Johnson ) Keane , was from Denmark ; and their father , William Robert Keane , was of Irish descent . [ 4 ] Keane grew up near the center of Lincoln and made money by selling shoes . In the early 1930s , they moved to Los Angeles , California , where they attended Los Angeles City College . [ 5 ] They moved to Berkeley , California , in the 1940s with their wife , Barbara ( née Ingham ) , and went into real estate ; both were real estate brokers .
Their first child , a son , died shortly after birth in the hospital . In 1947 , they had a healthy baby girl , Susan Hale Keane .
In July 1948 , Walter and Barbara bought the stately John J. Cairns House at 2729 Elmwood Avenue , [ 6 ] designed by Berkeley architect Walter H. Ratcliff , Jr. [ 7 ] [ 8 ] In 1948 , the Keanes traveled to Europe , living in Heidelberg and later Paris . When they returned to their home in Berkeley , they began an educational toy business called `` Susie Keane 's Puppeteens '' , teaching children to speak French through the use of handmade puppets , phonograph records and a book . The `` ballroom '' of their large home became an assembly line of hand-painted wide-eyed wooden puppets , with various intricately made costumes . The puppets were sold in high-end stores such as Saks Fifth Avenue . [ 9 ] [ 10 ]
Barbara Keane later became head of their own department in dress design at the University of California , Berkeley . Walter Keane subsequently closed both their real estate firm and the toy company , in order to work full-time on their painting . Their marriage ended in divorce in 1952 .
At a fairground in 1953 , Walter met an artist making charcoal sketches , Margaret ( Doris Hawkins ) Ulbrich . Margaret married Walter Keane in 1955 . [ 11 ] They separated on November 1 , 1964 . During their marriage and for a time afterward , Walter sold their wife 's highly stylized `` big eyes '' paintings as their own , making the couple millions of dollars over the years . [ 11 ] [ 12 ] Walter Keane married their third wife , Joan Mervin , after their divorce from Margaret in 1965 . They had two children in the early 1970s , while living in London . This marriage also ended in divorce .
Keane was 85 when they died on December 27 , 2000 in Encinitas , California . [ 13 ]
Art [ edit ]
Keane first displayed Margaret 's paintings as their own work in 1957 , at an outdoor art show being held in Washington Square in Manhattan . [ 14 ] The paintings swiftly developed a following . In 1961 , The Prescolite Manufacturing Corporation bought Our Children and presented it to the United Nations Children 's Fund . It is in the United Nations permanent collection of art . [ 15 ] In 1965 Keane was named `` one of the most controversial and most successful painters at work today '' . The artworks were owned by many celebrities and hanging in a number of permanent collections . [ 16 ] [ 17 ]
Keane was interviewed by LIFE magazine in 1965 . They claimed their inspiration for the big-eyed children came when they were in Europe as an art student . `` My psyche was scarred in my art student days in Europe , just after World War II , by an ineradicable memory of war-wracked innocents . In their eyes lurk all of humankind 's questions and answers . If humankind looked deep into the soul of the very young , they would n't need a road map . I wanted other people to know about those eyes , too . I want my paintings to clobber you in the heart and make you yell , 'DO SOMETHING ! ' '' . [ 2 ] In the same interview , they declared `` Nobody could paint eyes like El Greco , and nobody can paint eyes like Walter Keane '' . [ 2 ]
In 1970 , Margaret Keane announced on a radio broadcast that they were the real creator of the paintings . The Keanes continued to dispute the origin of the paintings , and after Walter Keane suggested that the only reason Margaret claimed they were the painter was because they believed they were dead , they sued them in federal court for slander . At the hearing , the judge ordered both Margaret and Walter to create a big-eyed child painting in the courtroom . Walter declined to paint before the court , citing a sore shoulder , whereas Margaret completed their painting in 53 minutes . After three weeks of trial , a jury awarded Margaret $ 4 million in damages . [ 18 ] A federal appeals court upheld the verdict of defamation in 1990 but overturned the $ 4 million damage award . [ 19 ]
Film depiction [ edit ]
Tim Burton directed and produced the biographical film based on the life of Margaret Keane , Big Eyes . It was released in theaters in December 2014 , with Christoph Waltz playing Walter Keane and Amy Adams playing Margaret . [ 20 ] [ 21 ]
References [ edit ]
Correction : An earlier version of this article incorrectly identified the scientific scale used to measure the magnitude of the quake and aftershocks . The U.S. Geological Survey uses the moment magnitude scale to describe earthquakes ; it no longer uses the Richter scale . This version has been corrected .
People look at the debris of one of the oldest temples after it was damaged in Saturday 's earthquake , in Kathmandu , Nepal .
April 26 , 2015 People look at the debris of one of the oldest temples after it was damaged in Saturday 's earthquake , in Kathmandu , Nepal . Niranjan Shrestha/AP
The densely populated capital , Kathmandu , is shaken ; more than 2,200 are reported dead .
Nepal 's capital became a city of whispers and rumors Sunday as residents hunkered down outdoors in tents and cars , and recurring aftershocks from Saturday 's earthquake kept everyone on edge , fearing another big quake .
Food and water supplies ran low . Price gouging began . Electricity was intermittent . Rescuers battled to make it to residents of remote villages — as well as climbers on Mount Everest — to save those still stranded more than 24 hours after the catastrophe . They continued clawing victims out of the rubble , sometimes with their bare hands .
The death toll kept climbing throughout the day and by early Monday it stood at more than 3,600 in Nepal and dozens more in neighboring countries .
On Sunday , Mass cremations began . Then it began to rain .
“ I am stuck about [ 372 miles ] northwest of Kathmandu in a village , ” a despairing Ghanshayam Pandey , the director of a small charity , said in a telephone interview . “ The deaths and injuries are overwhelming . We felt new tremors at 1 p.m. Nepal time . And it is raining off and on . It 's terrible . ”
Sunday afternoon 's big aftershock in Nepal measured 6.7 on the moment magnitude scale , according to the U.S. Geological Survey , panicking already frightened citizens . As with the quake the day before , the aftershocks were felt as far away as New Delhi .
Two aircraft headed to Kathmandu 's Tribhuvan International Airport from India carrying some rescue personnel and aid workers had to head back to New Delhi because it was not safe to land , forcing a delay in relief efforts . Flights eventually resumed , only to be further delayed again by weather .
On Mount Everest , more snow and ice came crashing down , on the heels of Saturday 's devastating avalanche that left at least 19 reported dead at the mountain 's base camp and hampered rescues . Emergency personnel airlifted around 50 injured climbers by helicopter from the base camp Sunday morning but put help for others on hold after the aftershock . Col. Rohan Anand , a spokesperson for the Indian army , said dozens of climbers remained missing at the world 's highest peak .
Among those killed on Everest were at least three Americans , according to the State Department : Dan Fredinburg , a Google executive from the San Francisco Bay Area ; Marisa Eve Girawong , a physician 's assistant from Seattle ; and Tom Taplin , a filmmaker from Colorado .
Outside Kathmandu , many rescue crews had yet to reach the more isolated villages , where authorities fear the devastation would be much worse . The Nepali military circulated aerial photos that showed entire villages flattened .
The United Nations issued a situation report that said that the most affected areas were Gorkha and Lamjung , areas northwest of Kathmandu and close to the quake 's epicenter , with damage to the Kathmandu Valley limited to historic , densely built-up areas . Hospitals were running out of room for storing corpses as well as emergency supplies , the report said .
A United Nations team arrived in Kathmandu on Sunday to assess the damage and identify the most urgent needs .
“ It is essential that we move quickly and effectively , ” said Jamie McGoldrick , the U.N. resident coordinator . “ We need to ensure that no further lives are lost and the needs of the most vulnerable prioritized . ”
The biggest challenge is that rescuers still do n't have reliable information about what 's going on in areas outside Kathmandu , including how many people are still trapped , according to O.P . Singh , the director general of India 's National Disaster Response Force .
“ Where are they ? ” Singh said . “ No assessment has been done . ”
Relief agencies geared up for a humanitarian response to meet the massive shelter , food , clean-water and sanitation needs .
An urban search-and-rescue team from the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department in Virginia will be deployed , the U.S. Office of Foreign Disaster Assistance said on Twitter , with one from Los Angeles on standby .
The United States authorized an initial $ 1 million for emergency humanitarian needs , the State Department said .
By Sunday , international aid had begun to arrive . India deployed four military planes carrying tons of water and supplies , as well as ten National Disaster Response Force teams trained in search and rescue , and accompanied by sniffer dogs .
China , which gave $ 3 million in humanitarian aid , sent a ­62-member search-and-rescue team that arrived in Nepal on Sunday . More help is expected from Israel , Malaysia , Pakistan and Sri Lanka .
“ The challenges are so many , ” said Brad Kerner , an international public health specialist with Save the Children in Nepal . “ The aftershocks and the scale of the tremors have created a lot of concern . There are a lot of people gathering outside in open spaces , and the markets and shops are closed . It 's going to be another night in tents or under the sky . ”
Throughout Kathmandu on Sunday , even as rain began and darkness fell , people remained outside , too fearful of aftershocks to reenter their homes , gathering in parks , medians , school yards , anywhere there were open spaces .
Ram Bahadur Tandukar , 50 , a public works contractor , was watching over their home from the street , where their extended family of five was sleeping crammed in a utility vehicle . During Sunday 's big aftershock , they said , they saw their house sway from left to right .
“ There 's no way I want to go back , ” they said . “ The last two nights I have stayed in my car . It 's very cold , not comfortable . But I 'm not getting out at all . ”
At Bir Hospital — one of the oldest hospitals in Kathmandu — doctors had treated patients outside in the hours following the earthquake . They had treated more than 300 people and performed 38 back-to-back surgeries on their one functioning operating table , according to Kapil Gautam , a doctor there . Most of the patients had been hurt in roof and wall collapses . More than 100 bodies lay outside in the courtyard , including 10 that were uncovered and had yet to be identified .
Relatives of patients crammed the grounds outside , and the patients themselves sat on the floor in the foyer , too scared to stay in upstairs wards .
There , a truck driver named Dinesh Tamang comforted their wife , who had a swollen eye and a broken arm after the roof of the couple 's home collapsed Saturday . When the big aftershock occurred Sunday , Tamang said , their wife started screaming in fear .
“ It was very scary for all of us , but I had to be strong , ” they said . “ I put my hand on them and said , ‘ Do n't worry , the bad days will go soon . '­ ”
Prime Minister Sushil Koirala returned to Nepal on Sunday and immediately met with the cabinet of ministers . The government has directed all medical stores and large supermarkets to remain open . The cabinet also decided to conduct mass public funerals unless relatives claim victims ' bodies .
Saturday 's quake , which measured 7.8 on the Richter scale , had caused widespread damage throughout the Tibet region , India and Bangladesh . At least 62 people died in the Indian states of Uttar Pradesh , Bihar and West Bengal .
India 's prime minister , Narendra Modi , spoke of the devastation during their popular radio address Sunday .
“ I can image what Nepal is going through , what the families of Nepal are going through , ” Modi said . “ We will try and save as many people as we can . We have to also concentrate on relief operation . The rehabilitation process will also take a long time . ”
In the Tibet region of China , the death toll climbed to 20 , with more than 200,000 affected . Houses and a historic temple collapsed . More than 1,500 officers from the People 's Liberation Army have been sent to the region to help in rescue operations , the government said .
Read more :
Experts had warned for decades that Nepal was vulnerable to a killer quake
Climbers trapped on Mount Everest ‘ are getting desperate '
What Nepal 's earthquake felt like from a hotel in Kathmandu
Today 's coverage from Post correspondents around the world
Gowen reported from Itanagar , India . Anup Kaphle in Washington , Simon Denyer in Beijing and Mrigakshi Shukla in New Delhi contributed to this report .
Colin Edwards could be poised to renew their association with Honda in 2014 .
The veteran Texan has n't ridden a Honda since they rode for Fausto Gresini 's MotoGP squad in 2004 and their previous association with the Japanese factory was when they famously won a second World Superbike title in a dramatic final round shootout with Troy Bayliss at Imola in 2002 .
But the 39-year-old dropped a big hint recently that they favour their current Forward Racing squad to switch to a new production Honda RC213V machine for the 2014 MotoGP campaign .
Forward Racing have been negotiating with Yamaha about its YZR-M1 engine lease deal to run in a British-built FTR frame , while also holding talks with HRC about buying the new production RC213V , which is expected to cost around £850,000 .
Edwards is currently racing a tuned Kawasaki ZX-10R motor in an FTR chassis and they have no intention of retiring at the end of 2013 .
They told MCN : “ I 'm talking to the team and trying to figure out a plan . I 'd like to stay and I think they want me to stay but it is a case of figuring out which route we go . Anything is possible and obviously being a Yamaha guy I am looking at that option and at the same time I know what the Honda is and how good it is going to be .
The Yamaha might have a little bit more support with it but you still got to put the engine in something and the Honda you do n't have to do much . You just jump on and pop wheelies and it is ready to go . Both are good options but you do n't have to be a rocket scientist to figure out what the easiest option is . ”
Here 's what I 'll admit : many boys have a really hard time with subjectivity . To grapple with your own subjectivity is to grapple with the subjectivities of others . It 's to see the world not as legible , stable , conquerable but as resistant , shifting , and fundamentally unknowable . It diminishes your certainty and authority . It leaves you vulnerable . This is a human problem , being a person among persons , but one that many boys have trouble admitting even the basic tenets of . And so they call for an objectivity that has no foundation except received opinion , that seeks to diminish individual experience , and that turns out to not even exist .
Objectivity is very convenient for the straight white middle class male gamer . Videogame culture encourages them to see their own subjectivity as the standard , as objective . He 'll invoke science , economics , statistics , and all manner of folk wisdom to defend their little kingdom . He 'll decry any challenge as ‘ politics ' or ‘ bad business ' or ‘ whining ' or ‘ here we go again ' . They never considers how often objectivity is a cover for a dominant subjectivity , for a subjectivity that stays in power by not being recognized as such . They fear what will happen if the established order breaks down and the Vox take control .
The GST Bill , already passed by the Lok Sabha , must be passed by the Rajya Sabha by December 23 , the last day of the winter session .
Slogans and protests returned to Parliament on Monday as the Congress raised the allegations against Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley of corruption in the Delhi cricket body calling for their resignation . As ruckus swelled in the Rajya Sabha , the House was adjourned till 2 pm.The Juvenile Justice Bill is in focus right now with the controversial release from a remand home on Sunday of the youngest attacker of Jyoti Singh , a 23-year-old medical student who was gang-raped and tortured by six men on a moving bus in Delhi in 2012.Amid widespread demand that the bill , approved by the Lok Sabha earlier this year , be passed the government has put the onus on the Opposition . `` The juvenile law is listed in the supplementary business of the Rajya Sabha today . But it was drowned by disruptions. , We are ready to pass , '' said Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi , Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs.Parliament is trying to squeeze in legislative work in the last three days of the winter session , after the government and the opposition clinched a truce at an all-party meeting on Friday . The session has so far been a wash out with the opposition disrupting the Houses , particularly the Rajya Sabha , continuously . At the meeting called by vice-president Hamid Anasri , who is also the chairperson of the Rajya Sabha , sources said , the government and the opposition agreed to pass a number of bills including the Prevention of Atrocities Against SC and ST bill , which is expected to be taken up first , and the appropriation bills.But the government 's flagship reform measure , the Goods and Services Tax or GST Bill is not among them . Sources said it was not discussed at Friday 's meeting . The chances of it being brought in this session now seem very bleak . About 18 other bills are pending in the upper House .
PARACHINAR , Pakistan ( Reuters ) - A suspected U.S. drone attack along the Pakistani-Afghan border killed an Islamist militant commander from the Taliban-allied Haqqani Network , a Pakistani official and two members of the Haqqani group said .
The Pakistani official said it was not immediately clear whether the missile struck on the Afghan or Pakistani side of the border . The members of the network and an eyewitness reached by Reuters said the incident took place inside Pakistan .
There have been multiple suspected U.S. drone strikes in the mountainous border region separating Pakistan 's Kurram Agency from Afghanistan since U.S. President Donald Trump took office in January .
Trump has taken a hardline stance on Pakistan , which they say provides safe haven to terrorists including the Afghan Taliban and the Haqqani Network carrying out attacks in Afghanistan .
Tuesday 's suspected drone attack targeted the vehicle of a militant commander named Jamiuddin , said the Pakistani official , who is based in the area , speaking on condition of anonymity , added that it also killed an associate of the commander .
A senior member of the Haqqani network told Reuters : “ Maulvi Jamiuddin was our trusted man . They were part of our organization and used to facilitate our fighters during their movement inside Afghanistan . ”
They added that Jamiuddin was traveling in their car in Pakistan 's Kurram region and that none of their associates were killed in the attack .
“ Jamiuddin stopped the car ... for conversation on their cellular phone when the drone fired two missiles and killed them on the spot , ” another Haqqani member said .
Rehmanullah , a resident of the area who uses only one name , said they saw the strike near the Mata Sanghar area of Kurram agency , across from the Afghan province of Paktia .
“ I saw two missiles hit the vehicle and the people inside were killed , ” they told Reuters by telephone .
An increase in drone strikes that hit inside Pakistani territory is one of the steps U.S. officials have said could be taken if Islamabad does not end safe havens for militants .
Pakistan has sought to play down several recent drone strikes inside the border , with officials saying they were on the Afghan side even though local residents said they were in Pakistan .
In October , three suspected strikes in two days killed 31 people who officials said belonged to the Afghan Taliban and the Haqqani Network , allied to the Taliban .
Those attacks came days after a Canadian-American couple held hostage by the Taliban were freed from the area in Pakistan 's northwest , striking a rare positive note in the country 's often-fraught relations with the United States .
Dear Utah Jazz ,
Please do not sign Gordon Hayward back to your team . They are done with you . Gordon wants a new home in the Queen City . The guy has already agreed to sign with the Hornets for a max contract , so now it is all up to you to decide if you want them back or not .
Sure , you had some good times with Gordon . Who could forget your last place finish in the Northwest Division for the 13′-14′ campaign ? That time Gordon led the team in scoring with 16.2 points per game was awesome . They sure seems to fit well over there in Salt Lake City .
They fit so well that you drafted two shooting guards in the illustrious draft this year . I 'm sure Dante Exum and Rodney Hood will love warming the bench , slowing their potential and development for a player that has had a few years to come into their own . Let them go . Let them go . Let Gordon Hayward go . Take a page from Frozen , which I 'm sure you relate to heavily out there in the “ frozen ” tundra of Utah .
Jazz , I think It 's time I say this outright . It is time to rebuild- again . The days of Deron Williams and Carlos Boozer are long gone . It is time to let Dante Exum , Trey Burke , and Enes Kanter take over this team . They are honestly a strong core of young players to begin with . Letting Gordon Hayward slip , wo n't do much of anything for you guys .
Gordon wants to buzz . Let the man fly free . They want to grace the land of the honeycomb court . Gordon wants to play alongside one of your great ex-players who truly flourished for us last season , Al Jefferson . They want to be the starting shooting guard on an upcoming team in the Eastern Conference .
Lucky for you Jazz fans , you are in the Western Conference . Last season , the Phoenix Suns did n't even make the playoffs and they were 14 games over .500 . Over here in the Eastern Conference , the Hawks made the playoffs with a record that was 6 games under .500 ; the same Hawks team that was led by former ex-Jazz big man Paul Millsap . What a difference a trip across the country can make .
Last season , the Bobcats made the playoffs and played a competitive series against the Miami Heat , but were swept in 4 games . Still , we kept our heads high because we doubled our wins from the season before and showed signs of major positive change and development . For us , Hayward would be a major step in the right direction .
Charlotte has n't seen a shooting guard like them since the days of Dell Curry and Glen Rice . We want Gordon here in Charlotte . They deserve to play here . Have you seen our new uniforms ? Man , they would look good in teal and purple .
So I urge you , in these next couple of days , do not resign Gordon Hayward . Move on from him . They want to play in Charlotte . The buzz is back and free agents are beginning to swarm .
Sincerely ,
A hornet fan
A LONG time ago , the three actors who portrayed the primary “ human ” characters in the original Star Wars trilogy—Mark Hamill ( Luke Skywalker ) , Carrie Fisher ( Princess Leia ) and Harrison Ford ( Han Solo ) —went into their roles as relative unknowns , but emerged as superstars . They have not starred together since , but are to be reunited in the “ The Force Awakens ” , which gets its global release this week and sees a revival of the series by Walt Disney Studios following its acquisition of the original production company , Lucasfilm , in 2012 .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
Over the decades since the original films , the careers of the three stars could hardly have contrasted more . Mr Hamill and Ms Fisher have enjoyed few screen successes between them , though the latter found a career as a bestselling author and Hollywood script-doctor . Mr Hamill meanwhile fronted some notable turkeys , including 1998s “ Watchers Reborn ” , a straight-to-video effort centred around a secret government experiment , a mutant killer beast , and a dog with an IQ of 140 . For some of the Star Wars stars , the enormous popularity of the films and their larger-than-life characters meant fans were unable to associate them with other roles . Sir Alec Guinness , the veteran stage and screen actor who starred alongside them in the first of the series , came to resent the association with their character Obi-Wan Kenobi so much that they immediately binned all fan mail , unopened .
The only one of the major characters unable to use The Force perhaps took advantage of the force of their own charisma . Mr Ford went from playing Han Solo to embody the equally swashbuckling hero Indiana Jones , and then Rick Deckard , the replicant-hunting antihero of “ Blade Runner ” . Achieving recognition in other imaginary universes before typecasting had fully set in may have helped—his first appearances as “ Indy ” and Deckard fell between the Star Wars titles . Yet not even Mr Ford 's successes have come halfway to matching the box-office returns of the 1977 film that started it all . So now Star Wars actors old and new—along with the rest of the galaxy—look to the franchise 's latest incarnation to provide a fresh new hope . But it is cinema-goers who will ultimately determine its destiny . Science-fiction fans , this might just be the celluloid you 're looking for…
The PKK Syrian affiliate Democratic People 's Party 's ( PYD ) armed People 's Protection Units ( YPG ) has suffered heavy daily losses in the U.S.-backed Manbij operation , which , according to the U.S. , is being carried out by Arab-dominated Syrian Democratic Forces ( SDF ) . YPG militants ' coffins arrive in Kurdish towns every day , and funerals for the slain militants include PKK flags and banners of imprisoned PKK leader Abdullah Öcalan . A funeral ceremony was held in Kobani on Tuesday for four YPG militants who were killed in the Manbij operation . A large portrait of Öcalan was seen next to the coffins of the slain YPG militants . Two of them were reportedly killed by DAESH militants in the Manbij operation on June 12 .
`` Even though they try to hide it , it is the YPG that does the fighting in the Manbij operation , '' Kurtuluş Tayiz , a columnist for the Akşam daily who specializes in Kurdish affairs and the PKK , told Daily Sabah . `` The [ U.S. ] administration is not sincere in its statements about the operation , '' they added.According to local sources , Abu Layla , a top YPG commander , was shot dead in clashes with DAESH around Manbij last week . `` Abu Layla was shot by a DAESH sniper in the village of Khafya Abu Qalqal on the outskirts of Manbij , while they were backing their fellows on Sunday , '' a YPG statement said.Tayiz said that Washington has attempted to cover up the YPG 's presence in the operation by putting the SDF forward . `` It is said that there will not be a single YPG militant after the operations . We will see , '' they said.A banner of imprisoned PKK leader Abdullah Öcalan ( R ) at a YPG funeral ceremony.Even though Abu Layla was considered a fighter for the Free Syrian Army ( FSA ) , the YPG said in the asupervisorstioned statement that they are `` one of the YPG 's commanders . `` The U.S. special presidential envoy for the anti-DAESH coalition , Brett McGurk , came under fire from Ankara for giving their condolences for Abu Layla 's death . `` [ Our ] prayers are with FSA commander Abu Layla who lost their lives in ongoing operations to liberate their hometown of Manbij from ISIL [ DAESH ] terrorists , '' McGurk said on their official Twitter account.The SDF 's heavy losses have pushed it to search for new recruits -- mostly teens . Sources from the Turkish-Syrian border said that the YPG was alarmed by President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan 's statement that Turkey is ready to `` take matters into its own hands if needed , '' and the group is trying to recruit people between the ages 18 and 60 in the northern Syrian town of Kobani , which the Democratic Union Party ( PYD ) currently controls.Even though the U.S. administration insists that the YPG is not the driving force in the Manbij operation , Ankara remains suspicious and asserts that it does not welcome the group in Manbij once the operations have been concluded . `` Ankara is currently watching events closely . There will be the utmost distrust of the U.S. if the YPG does not leave the region once the operation is complete , '' Tayiz asserted . `` The main forces are Arab militants . That is what we were told , '' Erdoğan said in early June.Underscoring that Ankara definitely has an action plan if the YPG does not leave Manbij , Tayiz said : `` President Erdoğan 's repeated statements and ultimatum regarding the issue give me the impression that Turkey will not look on but act . `` Some 3,000 Arab fighters are taking part in the offensive , backed by around 500 Kurdish militia members , U.S. Central Command spokesperson Colonel Patrick Ryder said previously , adding that U.S. special forces were working `` at the command and control level '' in the operation.Washington 's support for the YPG has troubled Turkish-U.S. relations to a great extent . McGurk paid a visit to Kobani and held talks in early February . Photos of McGurk 's visit to Kobani surfaced on social media.McGurk was seen meeting with former PKK fighters in Syria over the weekend . Polat Can , known as the spokesperson and one of the founders of the YPG , shared a photo on their Twitter account showing them presenting a plaque to McGurk .
When Jenni Ware found themselves unable to locate their wallet as they stood in front of the cash register at their neighborhood Trader Joe 's market , a stranger stepped forward to pay their entire $ 207 bill .
The next day , the Good Samaritan , Carolee Hazard , received a check in the mail from Ware for $ 300 . Ware had repaid their debt -- plus an additional $ 93 . Hazard posted a message on Facebook , asking friends for suggestions of what they should do with the extra cash . The best answer ? Give the money to charity .
Hazard added $ 93 of their own money to Ware 's $ 93 and donated the cash to the Second Harvest Food Bank of Santa Clara and San Mateo Counties .
Friends of the two women were so inspired by their giving that they decided to chip in $ 93 for the food bank as well . USA Today 's Kindness blog reports the women started a Facebook group for the aptly named '93 Dollar Club ' to collect the donations from friends , family and even complete strangers from around the world . In total , the impromptu fundraiser has raised almost $ 100,000 to feed hungry families in Northern California .
Supporters can find out how to help on the 93 Dollar Club Facebook page . They can choose to donate to the San Mateo/Santa Clara food bank -- or locate a hunger relief organization near them to help .
Nim without GC
What do ParaSail , `` modern '' C++ and Rust have in common ? They focus on `` pointer free programming '' ( ok , maybe Rust does n't , but it uses similar mechanisms ) . In this blog post I am exploring how we can move Nim into this direction . My goals are :
Memory safety without GC .
Make passing data between threads more efficient .
Make it more natural to write code with excellent performance .
A simpler programming model : Pointers introduce aliasing , this means programs are hard to reason about , this affects optimizers as well as programmers .
The title gave it away : We are going to get into this state of programming Valhalla by eliminating pointers . Of course for low level programming Nim 's ptr type is here to stay but I hope to avoid ref as far as reasonable in the standard library . ( ref might become an atomic RC'ed pointer . ) As a nice side-effect , nil ceases to be a problem too . Instead of ref object we will use object more , this implies the var vs `` no var '' distinction will be used more often , another benefit in my opinion .
What 's wrong with Nim 's GC ?
Not much per se ( hey , it 's likely faster than the alternatives that I 'm exploring here ) but it makes interoperability with most of what 's outside of Nim 's ecosystem harder :
Python has its own GC and while building a Nim DLL that Python can load works , it would be even easier if the DLL would n't need special code that ensures the GC 's conservative stack scanning works .
C++ game engines are based on RAII and wrapping a C++ object in a Nim ref object that calls a C++ destructor in a GC finalizer adds overhead . This applies to almost every big C or C++ project .
that calls a C++ destructor in a GC finalizer adds overhead . This applies to almost every big C or C++ project . The conservative stack scanning can fail for more unusual targets like Emscripten . ( Workarounds exist though . )
I have spent far more time now in fixing GC related bugs or optimizing the GC than I ever spent in hunting down memory leaks or corruptions . Memory safety is not negotiable but we should attempt to get it without a runtime that grows ever more complex .
Containers
Nim 's containers should be value types . Explicit move semantics as well as a special optimizer will eliminate most copies .
Almost all containers keep the number of elements they hold and so instead of nil we get a much nicer state len == 0 that is not as prone to crashes as nil . When a container is moved , its length becomes 0 .
Slicing
Strings and seqs will support O ( 1 ) slicing , other containers might also produce a `` view '' into their interiors . Slices break up the clear ownership semantics that we 're after and so will probably be restricted to parameters much like openArray .
Opt
Trees do not require pointers to be constructed , a seq can do the same :
type Node = object children : seq [ Node ] payload : string
However often only 1 or 0 entries are possible and so a seq would be overkill . opt is a container that can be full or empty , just like the well known Option type from other languages .
type Node = object left , right : opt [ Node ] payload : string
Under the hood opt [ Note ] uses a pointer , it has to , otherwise a construct like the above would take up an infinite amount of memory ( `` a node contains nodes which contain nodes which ... '' ) . But since this pointer is not exposed , it does n't destroy the value semantics . It can be argued that opt [ T ] is very much a unique pointer that adheres to the copy vs move distinction .
Destructors , assignment and moves
The existing Nim supports moving via shallowCopy , this is a bit ugly so from now on a move shall be written as < - . Note that < - is not a real new operator here , I used it only to emphasize in the examples where a move occurs .
Value semantics make it easy to determine the lifetime of an object , when it goes out of scope , its attached resources can be freed , that means its destructor is called . If it was moved ( if it escapes ) instead , some internal state in the object or container reflects this and the destruction can be prevented . An optimization pass is allowed to remove destructor calls , likewise a copy propagation pass is allowed to remove assignments .
There are in fact two places where destruction can occur : At scope exit and at assignment , x = y means `` destroy x ; copy y into x '' . This is often inefficient :
proc put ( t : var Table ; key , val : string ) = let h = hash ( key ) t . a [ h ] . key = key t . a [ h ] . val = val proc main = let key < - stdin . readLine ( ) let val < - stdin . readLine ( ) var t = createTable ( ) t . put key , val
This constructs 2 strings via the readLine calls that are then copied into the table t . At the scope exit of main the original strings key and val are freed .
This naive code does 2 copies and 4 destructions . We can do much better with swap :
proc put ( t : var Table ; key , val : var string ) = let h = hash ( key ) swap t . a [ h ] . key , key swap t . a [ h ] . val , val proc main = var key < - stdin . readLine ( ) var val < - stdin . readLine ( ) var t = createTable ( ) t . put key , val
This code now only does the required minimum of 2 destructions . It also quite ugly , key and val are forced to be var 's and after the move into the table t they can be accessed and contain the old table entries . This can occasionally be useful but more often we would like to keep the let and instead accessing the value after it was moved should produce a compile-time error .
This is made possible by sink parameters . A sink parameter is like a var parameter but let variables can be passed to it and afterwards a simple control flow analysis prohibits accesses to the location . With sink the example looks as follows :
proc put ( t : var Table ; key , val : sink string ) = let h = hash ( key ) swap t . a [ h ] . key , key swap t . a [ h ] . val , val proc main = let key < - stdin . readLine ( ) let val < - stdin . readLine ( ) var t = createTable ( ) t . put key , val
Alternatively we can simply allow passing a let to a var parameter and then it means it 's moved .
Btw let key = stdin.readLine ( ) will always be transformed into let key < - stdin.readLine ( ) .
Optimizing copies into moves
Consider this example :
let key = stdin . readLine ( ) var a : array [ 10 , string ] a [ 0 ] = key echo key
Since key is accessed after the assignment a [ 0 ] = key it has to be copied into the array slot . But without the echo key statement the value can be moved . And so that 's what the compiler does for us . Blurring the distinction between moves and copies means that code can evolve without `` friction '' .
Destructors
Every construction needs to be paired with a destruction in order to prevent memory leaks . It also must be destroyed exactly once in order to prevent corruptions . The secret to get memory safety from this model lies in the fact that calls to destructors are always inserted by the compiler .
But what is a construction ? Nim has no traditional constructors . The answer is that the result of every proc counts as construction . This is no big loss as return values tend to be bad for high performance code . More on this later .
Code generation for destructors
Naive destructors for trees are recursive . This means they can lead to stack overflows and can lead to missed deadlines in a realtime setting . The default code generation for them thus uses an explicit stack that interacts with the memory allocator to implement lazy freeing . Or maybe we can introduce a lazyDestroy proc that should be used in strategic places . The implementation could look like this :
type Destructor = proc ( data : pointer ) { . nimcall . } var toDestroy { . threadvar . } : seq [ ( Destructor , pointer ) ] proc lazyDestroy ( arg : pointer ; destructor : Destructor ) = if toDestroy . len > = 100 : destructor ( arg ) else : toDestroy . add ( ( destructor , arg ) ) proc ` = destroy ` ( x : var T ) = lazyDestroy cast [ pointer ] ( x ) , proc ( p : pointer ) = let x = cast [ var T ] ( p ) ` = destroy ` ( x . le ) ` = destroy ` ( x . ri ) dealloc ( p ) proc constructT ( ) : T = if toDestroy . len > 0 : let ( d , p ) = toDestroy . pop ( ) d ( p )
This is really just a variant of `` object pooling '' .
Move rules
Now that we have gained these insights , we can finally write down the precise rules when copies , moves and destroys happen :
Rule Pattern Meaning 1 var x ; stmts var x ; try stmts finally : destroy ( x ) 2 x = f ( ) move ( x , f ( ) ) 3 x = lastReadOf z move ( x , z ) 4 x = y copy ( x , y ) 5 f ( g ( ) ) f ( ( move ( tmp , g ( ) ) ; tmp ) ) ; destroy ( tmp )
var x = y is handled as var x ; x = y . x , y here are arbitrary locations , f and g are routines that take an arbitrary number of arguments , z a local variable .
In the current implementation lastReadOf z is approximated by `` z is read and written only once and that is done in the same basic block '' . Later versions of the Nim compiler will detect this case more precisely .
The key insight here is that assignments are resolved into several distinct semantics that do `` the right thing '' . Containers should thus be written to leverage the builtin assignment !
To see what this means , let 's look at C++ : In C++ there is a distinction between moves and copies and this distinction bubbles up in the APIs , for example std : :vector has
void push_back ( const value_type & x ) ; // copies the element void push_back ( value_type & & x ) ; // moves the element
In Nim we can do better thanks to its template feature ( which has nothing to do with C++ 's templates ) :
proc reserveSlot ( x : var seq [ T ] ) : ptr T = if x . len > = x . cap : resize ( x ) result = addr ( x . data [ x . len ] ) inc x . len template add * [ T ] ( x : var seq [ T ] ; y : T ) = reserveSlot ( x ) [ ] = y
Thanks to add being a template the final assignment is not hidden from the compiler and so it is allowed to use the most effective form . The implementation uses the unsafe ptr and addr constructs , but it is generally accepted now that a language 's core containers are allowed to do that .
This way of writing containers works for more complex cases too :
template put ( t : var Table ; key , val : string ) = let k = key let h = hash ( k ) t . a [ h ] . key = k t . a [ h ] . val = val proc main = var key = stdin . readLine ( ) var val = stdin . readLine ( ) var t = createTable ( ) t . put key , val
Note how rule 3 ensures that t.a [ h ] .key = k is transformed into a move since k is never used again afterwards . ( Optimizing away the temporary k completely is a story for another time . )
Given these new insights , I assume that sink parameters are not required at all . Keeps the language simpler .
Getters
Templates also help in avoiding copies introduced by getters :
template get ( x : Container ) : T = x . field echo get ( )
If we replace template get with proc get here rule 5 would apply and produce :
proc get ( x : Container ) : T = copy result , x . field echo ( ( var tmp ; move ( tmp , get ( ) ) ; tmp ) ) destroy ( tmp )
Strings
Here is an outline of how Nim 's standard strings can be implemented with this new scheme . The code is reasonable straight-forward , but you always need to keep two things in mind :
Assignments and copies need to destroy the old destination .
Self assignments need to work .
type string = object len , cap : int data : ptr UncheckedArray [ char ] proc add * ( s : var string ; c : char ) = if s . len > = s . cap : resize ( s ) s . data [ s . len ] = c proc ` = destroy ` * ( s : var string ) = if s . data ! = nil : dealloc ( s . data ) s . data = nil s . len = 0 s . cap = 0 proc ` = move ` * ( a , b : var string ) = if a . data ! = nil and a . data ! = b . data : dealloc ( a . data ) a . len = b . len a . cap = b . cap a . data = b . data b . len = 0 b . cap = 0 b . data = nil proc ` = ` * ( a : var string ; b : string ) = if a . data ! = nil and a . data ! = b . data : dealloc ( a . data ) a . data = nil a . len = b . len a . cap = b . cap if b . data ! = nil : a . data = alloc ( a . cap ) copyMem ( a . data , b . data , a . cap )
Unfortunately the signatures do not match , =move takes 2 var parameters but according to the transformation rules move ( a , f ( ) ) or move ( a , lastRead b ) are produced and these are not addressable locations ! So we need different type-bound operator called =sink that is used instead .
proc ` = sink ` * ( a : var string , b : string ) = if a . data ! = nil and a . data ! = b . data : dealloc ( a . data ) a . len = b . len a . cap = b . cap a . data = b . data
The compiler only invokes sink . move is an explicit programmer optimization . Which can usually also be written as swap operation .
Return values are harmful
Nim 's stdlib contains the following coding pattern for the toString $ operator :
proc helper ( x : Node ; result : var string ) = case x . kind of strLit : result . add x . strVal of intLit : result . add $ x . intVal of arrayLit : result . add `` [ `` for i in 0 .. < x . len : if i > 0 : result . add `` , `` helper ( x [ i ] , result ) result . add `` ] '' proc ` $ ` ( x : Node ) : string = result = `` '' helper ( x , result )
( The declaration of the Node type is left as an excercise for the reader . ) The reason for this workaround with the helper proc is that it lets us use result : var string , a single string buffer we keep appending to . The naive implementation would instead produce much more allocations and concatenations . We gain a lot by constructing ( or in this case : appending ) the result directly where it will end up .
Now imagine we want to embed this string in a larger context like an HTML page , helper is actually the much more useful interface for speed . This answers the old question `` should procs operate inplace or return a new value ? `` .
Excessive inplace operations do lead to a code style that is completely statement-based , the dataflow is much harder to see than in the more FP'ish expression-based style . What Nim needs is a transformation from expression based style to statement style . This transformation is really simple , given a proc like :
proc p ( args ; result : var T ) : void
A call to it missing the final parameter p ( args ) is rewritten to ( var tmp : T ; p ( args , tmp ) ; tmp ) . Ideally the compiler would introduce the minimum of required temporaries in nested calls but such an optimization is far away and one can always choose to write the more efficient version directly .
Reification
“ When I got home that night as my wife served dinner , I held their hand and said , I 've got something to tell you . They sat down and ate quietly . Again I observed the hurt in their eyes .
Suddenly I did n't know how to open my mouth . But I had to let them know what I was thinking . I want a divorce . I raised the topic calmly . They did n't seem to be annoyed by my words , instead they asked me softly , why ?
I avoided them question . This made them angry . They threw away the chopsticks and shouted at me , you are not a man ! That night , we did n't talk to each other . They were weeping . I knew they wanted to find out what had happened to our marriage . But I could hardly give them a satisfactory answer ; they had lost my heart to Jane . I did n't love them anymore . I just pitied her ! With a deep sense of guilt , I drafted a divorce agreement which stated that they could own our house , our car , and 30 % stake of my company . They glanced at it and then tore it into pieces . The woman who had spent ten years of their life with me had become a stranger . I felt sorry for them wasted time , resources and energy but I could not take back what I had said for I loved Jane so dearly . Finally they cried loudly in front of me , which was what I had expected to see . To me their cry was actually a kind of release . The idea of divorce which had obsessed me for several weeks seemed to be firmer and clearer now.The next day , I came back home very late and found them writing something at the table . I did n't have supper but went straight to sleep and fell asleep very fast because I was tired after an eventful day with Jane . When I woke up , they were still there at the table writing . I just did not care so I turned over and was asleep again .
In the morning they presented their divorce conditions : they did n't want anything from me , but needed a month 's notice before the divorce . They requested that in that one month we both struggle to live as normal a life as possible . Them reasons were simple : our son had their exams in a month 's time and they did n't want to disrupt them with our broken marriage .
This was agreeable to me . But they had something more , they asked me to recall how I had carried them into out bridal room on our wedding day . They requested that every day for the month 's duration I carry them out of our bedroom to the front door ever morning . I thought they were going crazy . Just to make our last days together bearable I accepted their odd request .
I told Jane about my wife 's divorce conditions . . They laughed loudly and thought it was absurd . No matter what tricks they apply , they have to face the divorce , they said scornfully .
My wife and I had n't had any body contact since my divorce intention was explicitly expressed . So when I carried them out on the first day , we both appeared clumsy . Our son clapped behind us , daddy is holding mommy in their arms . Their words brought me a sense of pain . From the bedroom to the sitting room , then to the door , I walked over ten meters with them in my arms . They closed their eyes and said softly ; do n't tell our son about the divorce . I nodded , feeling somewhat upset . I put them down outside the door . They went to wait for the bus to work . I drove alone to the office .
On the second day , both of us acted much more easily . They leaned on my chest . I could smell the fragrance of their blouse . I realized that I had n't looked at this woman carefully for a long time . I realized they were not young any more . There were fine wrinkles on their face , their hair was graying ! Our marriage had taken its toll on them For a minute I wondered what I had done to them
On the fourth day , when I lifted them up , I felt a sense of intimacy returning . This was the woman who had given ten years of their life to me . On the fifth and sixth day , I realized that our sense of intimacy was growing again . I did n't tell Jane about this . It became easier to carry them as the month slipped by . Perhaps the everyday workout made me stronger .
They were choosing what to wear one morning . They tried on quite a few dresses but could not find a suitable one . Then they sighed , all my dresses have grown bigger . I suddenly realized that they had grown so thin , that was the reason why I could carry them more easily .
Suddenly it hit me… they had buried so much pain and bitterness in their heart . Subconsciously I reached out and touched them head .
Our son came in at the moment and said , Dad , it 's time to carry mom out . To him , seeing their father carrying their mother out had become an essential part of their life . My wife gestured to our son to come closer and hugged them tightly . I turned my face away because I was afraid I might change my mind at this last minute . I then held them in my arms , walking from the bedroom , through the sitting room , to the hallway . Them hand surrounded my neck softly and naturally . I held their body tightly ; it was just like our wedding day .
But their much lighter weight made me sad . On the last day , when I held them in my arms I could hardly move a step . Our son had gone to school . I held them tightly and said , I had n't noticed that our life lacked intimacy . I drove to office… . jumped out of the car swiftly without locking the door . I was afraid any delay would make me change my mind…I walked upstairs . Jane opened the door and I said to her , Sorry , Jane , I do not want the divorce anymore .
They looked at me , astonished , and then touched my forehead . Do you have a fever ? They said . I moved their hand off my head . Sorry , Jane , I said , I wo n't divorce . My marriage life was boring probably because they and I did n't value the details of our lives , not because we did n't love each other anymore . Now I realize that since I carried them into my home on our wedding day I am supposed to hold them until death do us apart . Jane seemed to suddenly wake up . They gave me a loud slap and then slammed the door and burst into tears . I walked downstairs and drove away . At the floral shop on the way , I ordered a bouquet of flowers for my wife . The salesgirl asked me what to write on the card . I smiled and wrote , I 'll carry you out every morning until death do us apart .
That evening I arrived home , flowers in my hands , a smile on my face , I run upstairs , only to find my wife in the bed -dead . My wife had been fighting CANCER for months and I was so busy with Jane to even notice . They knew that they would die soon and they wanted to save me from the whatever negative reaction from our son , in case we push through with the divorce.— At least , in the eyes of our son—- I 'm a loving husband… .
The small details of your lives are what really matter in a relationship . It is not the mansion , the car , property , the money in the bank . These create an environment conducive for happiness but can not give happiness in themselves .
So find time to be your spouse 's friend and do those little things for each other that build intimacy . Do have a real happy marriage !
If you do n't share this , nothing will happen to you .
Pakistani security personnel keep watch outside the US consulate in Peshawar on November 25 , 2013 ( AFP Photo/A Majeed )
Washington ( AFP ) - At least two local employees of the US consulate in the Pakistani city of Peshawar have been killed in an explosion while out on an anti-narcotics mission , US Secretary of State John Kerry said Tuesday .
The top American diplomat said several Pakistani soldiers also died in the blast involving an improvised explosive device ( IED ) .
`` Just this morning I woke to the news that we have lost two local employees in Peshawar who worked with our consulate there who were going out on an effort to eradicate narcotics fields , '' Kerry said at an event .
`` An IED exploded and several were lost . A few of the soldiers who were there to guard them also , '' they added , without going into more specifics .
The State Department subsequently said the two Pakistani employees of the US Mission in Pakistan were killed earlier Tuesday in an attack on a Pakistani government anti-narcotics force convoy in an area of the country 's vast tribal zones that border Afghanistan .
`` The US government strongly condemns the attack , '' spokesperson John Kirby said .
`` Pakistan has suffered greatly at the hands of terrorists and violent extremists , '' they added . `` The United States stands in solidarity with the people of Pakistan and all who fight the scourge of terrorism . `` ‎‎
News of the deaths comes after Kerry welcomed Pakistani Foreign Affairs Adviser Sartaj Aziz to the State Department Monday for talks on the `` strategic '' partnership between their two countries centered around cooperation in the anti-terror fight .
Peshawar , located in northwest Pakistan , made somber global headlines in December 2014 when the Taliban attacked a school there , massacring some 150 people , mostly children , prompting the country 's army to intensify its offensive against Islamist militants .
Disney star Kelli Berglund was arrested Friday on suspicion of using a fake ID at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in Indio .
Indio police spokesperson Sgt . Dan Marshall confirmed that the 20-year-old was one of 46 people to be arrested during the festival on suspicion of possessing a fake ID while under 21 .
Berglund played Bree Davenport on the Disney XD shows “ Lab Rats ” and “ Lab Rats : Elite Force. ” They are a native of Moorpark in Ventura County and has been featured on TV shows “ Hip Hop Harry ” and “ America 's Next Producer , ” according to their Disney XD biography .
Though Berglund was technically arrested about 7:10 p.m. Friday , they are n't booked into jail . Police , in a partnership with the California Identification System , had fingerprint equipment and cameras on site . People arrested on misdemeanor charges had their picture and finger prints taken and were issued a citation .
Berglund was tweeting from their official Twitter account during the remaining days of the festival after they were arrested .
Throughout the weekend , 128 people were arrested ; up 38 percent from the 93 people arrested during the first weekend of Coachella in 2015 .
Marshall chalked up the increase to more people getting arrested for using fake IDs to buy alcohol . During the first weekend of Coachella 2015 , 20 people were arrested on that charge — less than half as many people arrested this year .
Additionally , 16 people were arrested for public intoxication . Fifty-seven people were arrested on drug charges , 8 of which were felonies .
Two people were arrested on outstanding warrants , five were arrested for resisting or obstructing a peace officer , one was arrested for trespassing and another was arrested for violating a vehicle code
There is a lot of talk that Tim Sherwood is close to being sacked by Aston Villa but I can not understand why they would even contemplate getting rid of them at this stage of the season .
If they do become the next Premier League manager to lose their job , it would not just be unfair , it would be absolutely ridiculous .
'Sherwood was always manager material '
Sherwood played with Sutton at Blackburn between 1994 and 1999
I cleaned Tim 's boots when I was an apprentice at Norwich in the late 1980s , and they were the captain at Blackburn Rovers when we won the Premier League together in 1995 .
Of course I am not just backing them to succeed at Villa because I used to play with them - the reason is that , since the earliest days of my career , I have always seen them as manager material .
When I was a teenager I looked up to them because I liked the way they went about things and how they dealt with me and other people . Even though they were a young man then too , the other players all thought the same .
Character is a bit of a buzzword these days , but as a player I looked around for team-mates who had the ability to handle pressure and Tim was always one of them .
At 46 , they are a relatively young manager now , certainly in terms of experience , but you have to remember they were quite a young captain at Blackburn too - they were 26 when we were champions .
We had some pretty big-hitters in terms of personalities in that dressing room , the likes of Alan Shearer , David Batty , Tim Flowers and Colin Hendry .
They were never afraid to have their say but , if you speak to them , they will all tell you they admired Tim not just for what they brought to the team as a player but also their contribution to the club 's success as captain .
Sutton looks on as Alan Shearer and Tim Sherwood celebrate a goal in Blackburn 's win over Villa in 1994
'It 's OK to be cocky as long as you make sense '
For Tim to be skippered ahead of , say , Shearer shows you what the Blackburn boss Kenny Dalglish thought of them too .
They always had the leadership qualities you need as a manager and , on top of that , I always thought they were extremely knowledgeable about the game .
They come across as confident or even cocky in some respects , but in the dressing room it does n't matter whether you are an introvert or an extrovert as long as what you are saying makes sense . Tim always did .
So it does not surprise me that , as a manager , they have got the best out of players who had been under-performing - like Emmanuel Adebayor at Spurs or Christian Benteke and Fabian Delph at Villa last season - because they have always had the ability to get people playing for him .
Adebayor was frozen out at Spurs until Sherwood took charge in November 2013 , then scored 14 goals in 24 games when they were manager
At times they might say things that players do n't like - because they tell the truth . That ruffles a few feathers but I do n't mind it , in fact they should be commended for it .
These days I hear a lot of people in football say things with no substance behind them , but Tim certainly is not like that - they can always back their opinions up .
'He is trying to build a new team '
Christian Benteke had scored two goals in 16 league games before Sherwood took charge of Villa last season . Under Sherwood , they scored 11 in 13 , earning Villa 11 points - they stayed up by three points
Tim earned their right to have a proper crack at being Villa boss with the incredible job they did to keep them up after taking charge in February , when they were in desperate trouble with a dreadful scoring record .
Villa have been fighting relegation for a few years now under several different managers so this season was never going to be any different .
But , just eight games into the new campaign and at the first sign of adversity , Sherwood already appears to be under massive pressure .
You have to take into consideration that they lost their two best players over the summer in striker Benteke and midfielder Delph , who were both inspirational for them last season , and realise they are trying to build a new team with all the signings that Villa have made .
Villa 's net spend over the summer was under £10m - and a lot of that went on young players with little or no Premier League experience .
They have plenty of potential , and also plenty of sell-on value which seems to be a big part of the club 's thinking , but it is a gamble whether they work out for Villa now and that is Sherwood 's problem .
I do n't know who had the final say on each deal but from what I understand , Villa 's head of recruitment Paddy Reilly and sporting director Hendrik Almstadt play a big part in the process .
You can not blame Tim for the squad not being strong enough if it is not just down to him , but they are the one who is being criticised because Villa have not won since the opening day .
I get why the club 's owner Randy Lerner might be getting twitchy because of the amount of money at stake if they go down , but the logical thing to do is to give Sherwood more time because they are an intelligent man who has already shown they can improve players - which is exactly what Villa need now .
Aston Villa 's signings - summer 2015 Player From Age Fee Idrissa Gueye Lille 26 £9m Jordan Ayew Lorient 24 £8.5m Jordan Veretout Nantes 22 £8m Jordan Amavi Nice 21 £7.7m Adama Traore Barcelona 19 £7m Rudy Gestede Blackburn 27 £6m Scott Sinclair Man City 26 £2.5m Joleon Lescott Man City 33 £2m Jose Angel Crespo Bologna 28 £550k Matija Sarkic Anderlecht 18 Unknown Micah Richards Man City 27 Free Mark Bunn Norwich 30 Free Tiago Ilori Liverpool 22 Loan
'Trying to find the right balance in attack and defence '
Gestede has scored four goals in five starts for Villa since their £6m summer move from Blackburn
Sherwood has chopped and changed their team and formation a lot so far , but that is only because they are trying to find the right balance between attack and defence while they bed those new signings in and finds a system that works with the players they have got .
The choices they have to make with their current forwards is an example of how difficult that is .
Like Benteke , Rudy Gestede has tremendous physical attributes and is as good as there is in the air in the Premier League .
In an effort to make the most of that , Sherwood has tried to get their full-backs forward to get crosses into the box - Jordan Amavi and Alan Hutton or Leandro Bacuna have all done that far more than any of Villa 's midfielders .
But what Gestede does n't have is the ability to link up play , or the pace to get behind defences . In that way , Benteke was much more of an all-round striker .
Sherwood can leave out Gestede and play Gabriel Agbonlahor or Jordan Ayew if they want pace , but then they do not have that same physical presence up front , or any aerial threat .
Whoever they pick , they are missing something that Benteke provided on their own .
Because they are trying to find that balance between attack and defence , they can not always play two up front to solve that problem , especially because they are also trying to fit Jack Grealish into their team as an attacking midfielder .
Aston Villa in the Premier League 2015-16 Player/position Starts Most open-play crosses * One of Bacuna 's starts came as a right-winger , when they made four of their crosses Jordan Amavi ( left-back ) 8 35 Alan Hutton ( right-back ) 4 27 Leandro Bacuna ( right-back ) * 5 14 Ashley Westwood ( midfield ) 8 12 Scott Sinclair ( midfield ) 7 8
'Grealish has defensive responsibilities too '
Jack Grealish scores Villa 's first goal against Leicester - they led 2-0 , but lost 3-2
Grealish is a young player who has a lot of talent but picking them creates a different issue because winning games is not just down to what happens when you have got the ball .
However good Grealish is going forward , they do not always put in a shift going back the other way .
When you lose possession , you need to be compact and tight defensively and Villa have lacked that in the games I have seen , notably in their defeat by Leicester when they were hit on the counter-attack time and time again .
You really need defensive responsibility when you are in Villa 's position near the bottom of the table .
That might be one of the reasons why Sherwood has apparently used this international break to try to get Grealish fitter .
After trying so many formations and line-ups , maybe we will see Sherwood sticking with just one in the next five or six games .
A settled system and some continuity is what Villa need at the moment . Tim knows that and , if they are given the chance , I am confident they will get it right .
TUSCALOOSA -- Sophomore safety Ronnie Harrison considers themselves a highly-competitive person . Most people would agree with that after seeing they and fellow safety Eddie Jackson 's spat on the sideline during the USC game .
But that “ little clash , ” as Harrison phrased it , is in the past , and “ we 're all good now. ” Outside of that camera-catching incident , though , Alabama 's new free safety has always played with a bit of an attitude , a chip on their shoulder if you will , since their days at Florida State University School . And they have used that in taking on a bigger role this fall , in the secondary and as a leader .
“ Coming out of high school , I really was n't highly-recruited , so coming here , I kinda came in with a chip on my shoulder , trying to prove myself and show everybody I could play , ” Harrison said this week in their first media room appearance since Signing Day . “ I just came in , worked hard . The older guys noticed it , Reggie Ragland and all them . I just came in and tried to work . ”
That work paid off as Harrison started at Money , the sixth defensive back , in the Crimson Tide 's secondary last year and was promoted to free safety in base and nickel this season . The former four-star recruit has recorded three tackles , one quarterback hurry and an interception in the back end of the defense this year and has been one of the more physical players .
( What 's the latest with the Tide ? Make sure you know by signing up for our FREE Alabama newsletter ! )
Harrison is learning from Jackson , who has taught them a lot since they enrolled early last January and stepped into starting spot . And the teacher has watched the understudy develop in several areas since their first-year student year a season ago .
“ Ronnie has always been a guy who has been physical , ” Jackson said . “ He 's always been a guy who could play the ball . He 's picked up a leadership role , holding guys accountable , especially the younger guys . Letting guys follow their lead . ”
That physicality is apparent to the players Harrison faces in practice . Wideout ArDarius Stewart can attest to that , but they said all the defensive backs possess that quality . “ That 's just how they teach you , that 's just the Bama way . ”
While Harrison and the Alabama defense has played a physical brand of football and with more speed , the game itself has slowed down for the Tallahassee , native , as they described their biggest improvement from Year 1 to Year 2 .
“ Just being more patient , being more confident , knowing the plays better , being able to read offenses better , ” Harrison said . “ Just being more physical , just my technique , just a lot of stuff I 've really improved on this summer . ”
Harrison played a lot as a true first-year student last year and made a key play in the College Football Playoff National Championship Game , breaking up a would-be touchdown in the end zone . Last season , they even spent time at free safety , their primary position now and preparing them for this year . But away from the Xs and Os , they are using their competitive and emotional nature to become a more vocal leader for the Tide 's relatively young defensive backs .
“ I feel like I have more of a leadership role , ” Harrison said . “ We have a lot of young guys in our secondary , like Shyheim ( Carter ) , Jared Mayden , Aaron Robinson , so I just kinda try to take those guys under my wing now that I 'm a starter . I just try to be more of a leader . ''
Being viewed as a leader and one of the old guys in the secondary in only their second year is not strange , though .
“ I played quarterback in high school , so I 've always been the leader type , ” they said . “ It 's not really hard for me . ”
Be sure to enjoy VIP access to BamaOnLine with our Buy 1 Month , Get 2 Months FREE promotional offer .
LOUIS BURKE | Culture | CONTACT
Karen Langley ( 54 ) is not happy with their local MP who they say is out of touch and does n't understand the local voter .
“ Whoever they are , what's-her-bloody-name , she 's useless and they do n't care about us ! Does n't want to know us ! ”
Langely 's strong opinions about their local MP , Suzannah Moore , reached boiling point as a member of Moore 's team contacted Langely 's household to discuss local issues .
“ What was they bloody thinking ? Calling my home right as I 'm watching the Deal or No Deal I 'd IQ 'd . No idea that woman , no bloody idea . ”
According to Langely , the 4:30pm phone call from a member of Moore 's team to ask what issues were important to Langely and their household , was a step too far for this out of touch politician .
Aggravated by this disruption to their afternoon routine of a cup of tea , three Zumbo Tim Tams and a program featuring Andrew O'Keefe , Langely unleashed their anger on the junior member of Moore 's team which they have described as “ excessive but necessary . ”
“ I said “ What nerve have you got calling me at home ? You want a suggestion ? Stop buddying up to the rich and do something for the middle class for a change ! Are you writing this down nong ? ” Then they started saying something about election promises but I did n't want to know about it so I hung up ! Out of touch assholes . ”
The member of Moore 's team on the receiving end has been identified as junior staffer Natalie Hughes ( 23 ) who claims this sort of thing happens all too often when calling people to ask about local issues and policies .
“ Throughout the year they 're happy to give us a pasting for not doing anything and ignoring their feedback but the moment we call them their number one issues is that we 've interrupted Midsomer Murders . ”
Having not received a phone call since the initial incident , Langely is confident they wo n't be hearing from Moore 's team anytime soon .
“ Think I told them where I stand , they wo n't call me again . Do n't use their fucking ears these pollies do they ? ”
Q My Sony Blu-ray player can play DTS-HD Master Audio soundtracks with up to 192-kilohertz/24-bit resolution . However , my receiver 's specified bandwidth is 20 Hz to 20 kHz , and my Polk 330T speakers only cover a frequency range of 33 Hz to 25 kHz . Am I losing sound quality because the receiver and the speakers are n't spec 'd to handle frequencies up to 192 kHz ? — Javier Feliciano / via email
A Quick answer , no , but let 's step back and walk through your question . Audio tracks with sampling rates higher than the CD format 's 44.1 kHz are available on Blu-ray Disc and from high-resolution music download sites like HDtracks.com . But high sampling rates do n't necessarily translate into useful sonic information that the human auditory system can process .
In signal processing , an operating principle called the Nyquist Theorem specifies the minimum sampling rate required to adequately capture an analog waveform without introducing a particularly nasty-sounding form of distortion known as aliasing . For digital audio , that rate is usually 44.1 kHz , which translates to a Nyquist Frequency of 22.05 kHz—enough to cover the full range of frequencies the human ear can hear , which is generally cited as 20 Hz to 20 kHz .
Meanwhile , that 20-Hz-to-20-kHz spec you 're seeing for your receiver has nothing to do with its frequency response . Rather , it 's the audio band used by the manufacturer to measure and specify amplifier output power . ( Receiver frequency response specs typically extend into the 50-kHz range . ) However , the 33-Hz-to-25-kHz range you cite for your speakers in all likelihood is its manufacturer supplied frequency response .
So , to return to the question of whether you 're missing out on sound quality because your receiver and speakers are n't spec 'd to handle frequencies up to 192 kHz , the answer is no because your ears are n't capable of hearing frequencies higher than 20 kHz . The main benefit to higher-than-44.1-kHz sampling rates in digital audio is to extend the Nyquist Frequency well outside the human hearing spectrum—so far out that there is n't even a remote possibility of anomalies associated with the required anti-aliasing filters creeping into the audio band . While many might say that makes hi-res audio overkill , some astute listeners maintain they can hear a quality difference when higher sampling rates are used .
Giving people who are n't online a way to access certain information from the Web could help improve their quality of life .
What do you get if you cross a satellite TV receiver with the Internet ? According to startup Outernet , a way to bring billions more people the benefit of online information .
When hooked up to a cheap TV satellite dish , this device can tap into a free signal that transmits content including Wikipedia , international news sources , and weather forecasts .
By renting communications satellites , Outernet is currently blanketing about half Earth 's surface with a signal that transmits data including much of Wikipedia , open-source software , health resources from the Centers for Disease Control , and international news coverage . Cheap devices based on regular satellite TV receivers store the data that the signal gradually transfers and create a local Wi-Fi network to let nearby computers , phones , or tablets access the downloaded content .
Outernet is putting together the first 100 prototypes of those devices , code-named “ Pillars , ” and starting to test them in the field . One is up and running in a village in western Kenya . Another is in the Dominican Republic , and a third will soon be installed at a Detroit anarchist community attempting to live off the grid . Outernet 's current signal broadcasts about 200 megabytes of data over the course of a day , making it possible to update content such as daily news and weather forecasts periodically . It covers North and Central America , all of sub-Saharan Africa , Europe , and parts of Asia and the Middle East .
Syed Karim , Outernet 's founder and CEO , says their company is aimed at improving the quality of life and economic prospects of the world 's poorest people . “ What are the elements anyone needs to be able to advance ? Energy is probably the primary thing , and the next is information , whether for education or communications , ” they say .
The UN estimates that 4.3 billion people do not use the Internet , mostly because the cost is prohibitive or their area lacks the infrastructure . Outernet 's free broadcast could give many of those people a way to access useful online information relatively quickly , says Karim . The World Bank has agreed to help roll out Pillar devices in South Sudan as a way to distribute educational material to schools . Teachers and pupils will still need to have devices or printers to make use of that information , though .
The designs and software for Outernet 's Pillar devices are freely available so people or companies can make their own versions . They currently cost around $ 150 to make , but that should fall below $ 100 once they are being made in larger numbers , says Karim .
Outernet is also working on a portable solar-powered receiver called Lantern . It can be hooked up to a dish to pick up Outernet 's existing signal and also has a built-in antenna designed to pick up a different kind of satellite signal that Outernet aims to switch on this summer . The company has taken orders for more than 5,000 Lantern devices . It has a grant from the U.K. Space Agency to have three small satellites made dedicated to broadcasting the Lantern signal . The first satellites and portable Lantern receiver devices are expected to be ready late this year .
Outernet , so far funded primarily by a crowdsourcing campaign that raised $ 600,000 , is a minnow compared with other companies building new technologies to widen Internet access . Google is close to the first worldwide test of its stratospheric “ Loon ” balloons that can provide high-speed Internet to existing mobile devices ( see “ 10 Breakthrough Technologies 2015 : Project Loon ” ) . Google and Facebook are both testing high-altitude drones for use in a similar way , and SpaceX and some other companies are planning fleets of low-orbit satellites for Internet access .
Karim counters that those projects are so far aimed at integrating into existing telecommunications networks and wo n't offer free access to information . Outernet is already beaming down its signal and should be able to actually start helping people in large numbers more quickly , they say . Facebook 's Internet.org project does make some parts of the Web free to use , including Wikipedia and news sites , but it can only reach places with existing mobile data coverage .
Outernet plans to support itself over the long term by acting like a traditional broadcaster . Any media outlet with a large enough audience can make money by charging companies to access it , and Outernet can reach billions of people , says Karim . “ We 're going to climb up the economic chain along with our customers , ” they say .
Karim says it is too early to say what kinds of deals Outernet will make . But they would prefer to use a sponsorship model rather than show ads on Outernet content . For example , a company might pay for its website to be included in the broadcast to a particular area . One distribution deal has already been struck : Dutch international public broadcaster Radio Netherlands Worldwide is paying for its content to be included in the Outernet broadcast .
Kurtis Heimerl , a postdoctoral researcher at the University of California , Berkeley , who works on improving rural communications access , says that Outernet 's unusual approach could help many people . “ Clearly there are communities throughout the world that could use this model of access , ” they say .
Satellite TV is an important information source in many remote and poor parts of the world , and Outernet could provide a richer resource if it broadcasts the right content , says Heimerl . However , a one-way service like Outernet can only do so much , they say : “ It 's unlikely to be a big , game-changing solution for rural access. ” Karim says Outernet does have plans to use text messaging to add a degree of interactivity—for example , by letting people request certain content .
Lebanon Christian School launched their fourth weather balloon Friday morning as an ongoing experiment to see the atmospheres effects on different items , living and inanimate.The balloon uses almost a full tank of helium to inflate and can reach altitudes of 100,000 feet . And there is no telling where it will land once it pops.View images from weather balloon in Earth 's atmosphere “ The past three we 've been successful at recovering the payload . When we did them in the winter they went a lot father , we had one go as far down as Port Smith , and one up by Cambridge , ” Tom Reed said . Reed is a volunteer who coordinates the launch.Watch this storyAs part of the experiment , students from Lebanon Christian sent different items up with the balloon . One fifth grade class chose ping pong balls. “ When Mr. Reed came to our class , they talked about how much pressure was up there and we wanted to see if the ping pong balls would squish… or pop , ” fifth-grader Faith Duncan said.Other classes sent marshmallows , a doll , even live crickets to see if they could survive the trip.Reed said Friday afternoon that the balloon reached an altitude of 95,000 feet before it popped . The payload was recovered near Sabina in Clinton County.The launch team also sent up a GoPro camera to document the trip . You can see the pictures and video by following the link to the Lebanon Christian 's Facebook page .
Lebanon Christian School launched their fourth weather balloon Friday morning as an ongoing experiment to see the atmospheres effects on different items , living and inanimate .
The balloon uses almost a full tank of helium to inflate and can reach altitudes of 100,000 feet . And there is no telling where it will land once it pops .
Advertisement Related Content Images from weather balloon
View images from weather balloon in Earth 's atmosphere
“ The past three we 've been successful at recovering the payload . When we did them in the winter they went a lot father , we had one go as far down as Port Smith , and one up by Cambridge , ” Tom Reed said . Reed is a volunteer who coordinates the launch .
Watch this story
As part of the experiment , students from Lebanon Christian sent different items up with the balloon . One fifth grade class chose ping pong balls .
“ When Mr. Reed came to our class , they talked about how much pressure was up there and we wanted to see if the ping pong balls would squish… or pop , ” fifth-grader Faith Duncan said .
Other classes sent marshmallows , a doll , even live crickets to see if they could survive the trip .
Reed said Friday afternoon that the balloon reached an altitude of 95,000 feet before it popped . The payload was recovered near Sabina in Clinton County .
The launch team also sent up a GoPro camera to document the trip . You can see the pictures and video by following the link to the Lebanon Christian 's Facebook page .
AlertMe
The sometimes stealthy ( but oft shooty ) heists of Payday 2 have finally blasted their way onto current-gen consoles via the new Crimewave Edition , bringing with them a swag bag full of new features . It also turns out developer Overkill is looking to support the new version for almost two more years ( as well as working on a new game based on The Walking Dead ) , In a previous issue of Official PlayStation magazine , the team sat down with Starbreeze global brand directer Almir Listo to discuss everything from the popularity of heists to the decision to support the game long term .
Official PlayStation Magazine : What can we expect from Payday 2 's PS4 Crimewave Edition ?
Almir Listo : Imagine your favourite heisting game is getting 16 months more of love and care ... that 's exactly what 's happening with Payday 2 Crimewave Edition . One of the challenges we faced with PS3 is that , from a technical standpoint , that generation is a decade old . So it was very difficult for us to add a total of 50 updates like we were able to do on PC . But with PlayStation 4 , it 's so much easier for us to add these in and I really hope that those of you who make the transition to the next generation of PlayStation take a chance and try the Crimewave Edition , because you 'll experience a different game [ to before ] .We 've revamped many of the skills systems , we 've added more skills , we 've doubled the amount of characters ... You have Clover , the first playable female character of the series , Dragan the Croatian heister , John Wick , and Old Hoxton is back as well . You have more weapons , more masks , more heists – there 's basically more of everything !
OPM : Despite hefty competition from GTA Online and Battlefield Hardline , you 're pretty proud of Payday 2 's heists , right ? AL : Yeah , when it comes to heisting and if we just talk about heists then we definitely see ourselves as the defending champions . We have to , and that means we have to stay extra fit and we have to work twice as hard in order to keep our heavyweight belt of heisting . But do n't get me wrong , we have nothing but respect for those developers who are making those games . We enjoy and love their games and we definitely play them and see what they did good and what they could 've done better . But with Payday 2 we are proud of our audience and community ; we know what they want , and the reason we know is because we 're continuously talking to them .
For the past several years we 've been talking with them , discussing designs , discussing ideas , DLC , having fun and so on . So I think we 've got everything we need in order to stay on top – now we just have the hard work in front of us . One of the good things as well is that we 've now signed 24 months of extra development with our publishing partner 505 Games . That means when you commit to Payday 2 Crimewave Edition , you know that the game is going to be developed for an additional 24 months . You know that there are still 16 updates that we 've released since we finalised the submission – so you know that there 's at least 16 updates coming relatively soon – and then you know there are two years of additional content coming afterwards .
OPM : Payday 2 first came out in 2013 – so why have you now just made a commitment for two more years from this point ? AL : We 've made that commitment because we want to continue working on Payday 2 . The reason being that we know there 's so much more left to explore . What developers usually do – and it 's not necessarily a bad thing , but we do n't want to do this – is that , as soon as they 're done with the first game , they instantly start work on the second game . And as soon as they 're done with that one , they 're instantly starting work on the third one . We do n't want to do that . We know there is so much more to experience within Payday 2 . And what you 'll also get when you start working on a completely new game is that you have to completely re-do all the systems and so on , but at the end of the day you end up with a similar experience . But with Payday 2 , working on the game instead of just building a new one , we can actually just keep on adding to the experience that 's already there , and continue to revamp the systems that already exist .
OPM : And the frequency of these updates you 're talking about just was n't possible on PS3 , but you can do them all on PS4 , right ? AL : Yeah . Sony and the guys in the PlayStation teams have learned a lot about what developers want and what developers want to see – the kinds of tools [ we need ] and so on . They 've done a great job with PS4 and it 's easier than ever before for us to do what we want to do . I 'm so excited to see how much content we can cram into the console .
OPM : What 's your favourite heist and why ? AL : It has to be the Hotline Miami heist – the reason being that it spawned out of a collaboration with Dennaton Games , the developer of Hotline Miami , and we 've done our own twist on it . So we based a heist around a Russian mobster and we also introduced new masks as well as new weapons inspired from the universe . It 's great because it 's different . It 's crazy . You 're shooting up tons of Russians at a motel , and then you move onto their headquarters and chase down their boss ... We have a proper boss fight .
The latest issue of Official PlayStation Magazine , with four different collectible covers ( including Uncharted 4 , Mirror 's Edge Catalyst , The Division and Fallout 4 ) is out now . Subscribers will receive a limited edition subs cover featuring The Last Guardian . Download it here or subscribe to future issues .
I was walking through an airport in the early morning , and wanted to get a cup of coffee to wake me up . But then I saw a long line at Peet 's Coffee , and decided I did n't need the coffee to be awake , happy or alive .
When something becomes a need , a requirement , it locks us in . We have to have it , which means we start structuring our lives around it .
For lots of us , it 's more than just coffee : we need a glass of wine ( or beer ) in the evening , we need some quiet time alone , we need things to be neat , we need to watch some TV to unwind in the evening , we need the Internet for entertainment and news . There 's nothing wrong with any of these things , but soon the requirements for a happy life start piling up .
What are your requirements , things you ca n't do without ? For some people , it changes depending on the circumstances : you need a travel pillow on an airplane , a soft bed and nice pillow in order to sleep , music in order to run or do a workout , some alcohol in order to socialize .
What happens if you ca n't have these things — does it make you unhappy or stressed out ? Is the trip or social occasion or run less enjoyable ?
What happens when we let go of these needs , and just keep them as a “ nice-to-have ” option ?
For the next month , my wife and I are joining my friend Jesse in a no alcohol challenge , just to push into the discomfort of not relaxing with a glass of wine at night . It helps me to remove one of my daily requirements .
I might do similar things with coffee ( which I have pretty much every morning ) or reading things on the Internet . But to be honest , I think most of my requirements are minimal .
The fewer requirements we have , the less of a burden these requirements become . The more often we have the same thing every day , the more likely they are to become a requirement .
This is n't a prescription for how to live your life , but just something to consider .
Finally ! We end the Disney Princesses´21th Century with two girls whom maybe all of you have been waiting for at the beggining of the series ... ladies and gentlemen ...
ANNA AND ELSA ! ! !
Anna is using a casual winter outfit . The black bodice and the light blue blouse from the original dress , are now combined and we get a winter sweater . The cape is now a thick vest with cap , the skirt is now a pair of comfortable and warm pants and they also have a purple pashmina scarf , a fuchsia and pink bonnet hat , a pair of pink thermal socks , their blue gloves and a pair of black boots .
Elsa outfit is more adult , formal and elegant , but yet a little youth , because she´s still younger but they are starting to enter to the adults world . I just added for them a slightly flared white pants as a final touch for their modern outfit , because i think the original dress is so beautiful , that is hard to change it .
Hope you like it and thank you so much for all your favs along the collection . Thank you very much ! :3
There 's a story developing in the Colorado Senate race that could help explain this , coming from Ken Buck :
I am pro-life , and I 'll answer the next question . I do n't believe in the exceptions of rape or incest . I believe that the only exception , I guess , is life of the mother . And that is only if it 's truly life of the mother .
A 2005 rape case that Ken Buck refused to prosecute indicates that maybe their threshold for what is really rape makes them less pro-life than anti-woman .
When Weld County District Attorney Ken Buck refused to prosecute a rape case five years ago , they probably had no idea that anyone beyond a small circle of people would care . They learned otherwise quickly enough as the victim demanded a meeting with them ( which they secretly - but legally - taped ) , organized a protest and made sure the media knew all about them plight .... The alleged rape victim is back and determined to be heard . They told their story to the Colorado Independent and provided the tape of their meeting , in which Buck appears to all but blame them for the rape and tells them that their case would never fly with a Weld County jury .... They said the facts in the case did n't warrant prosecution . “ A jury could very well conclude that this is a case of buyer 's remorse , ” they told the Greeley Tribune in March 2006 . They went on to publicly call the facts in the case “ pitiful. ” If they had handled it with a little more sensitivity , the victim , who does not want their name used , says it is possible they may have accepted the decision and moved on . But Buck 's words — as much as their refusal to prosecute — still burn in their ears . “ That comment made me feel horrible , ” they told the Colorado Independent last week . “ The offender admitted they did it , but Ken Buck said I was to blame . Had they ( Buck ) not attacked me , I might have let it go . But they put the blame on me , and I was furious . I still am furious , ” they said . It was n't just their public remarks that infuriated the woman . In the private meeting , which they recorded , they told her , “ It appears to me ... that you invited them over to have sex with him. ” They also said they thought they might have a motive to file rape charges as a way of retaliating against the man for some ill will left over from when they had been lovers more than a year earlier . Buck also comes off on this tape as being at least as concerned with the woman 's sexual history and alcohol consumption as they are with other facts of the case .
You can read the transcript [ pdf ] of the meeting at that link . This part particularly stands out to me :
Victim : Their statement says , “ When they finished , ... ( reading police report ) ... tried to get the victim to wake the victim up so they could apologize. ” How is that not “ physically helpless , meaning unconscious , asleep , or unable to act ” ( legal
code ) KB : Because when you look at what happened earlier in the night , all the circumstances , based on their statements and some of your statements , indicate that you invited them to come to your apartment ... that you told them how to get in .... It would appear to me and it appears to others that you invited them over to have sex with him . Whether that you , at that time , were conscious enough to say yes or no ... ?
They were incapacitated , their alleged rapist told the police they were incapacitated . And Buck tells them it was their fault because they had a prior relationship with the man and invited them to their apartment . And if they were inviting them to their apartment it was to have sex with him . They asked for it , in other words .
Here 's a question for Buck , who does n't believe in abortions for rape or incest victims . Does Buck believe in acquaintance rape ? Or is the woman always asking for it ?
It 's almost Halloween . I feel like we need to have a heart-to-heart before this holiday really takes hold .
We need to talk . We really do .
1 . If you find yourself browsing Etsy in search of a tie to turn your cat into a businesscat for Halloween , you 're doing things right .
2 . If you find yourself entranced by the candy aisle at Target , you 're really on to something . Although… if you 're contemplating Halloween peeps I would urge you to reconsider .
3 . If you think a gorilla costume seems like a good idea… for Halloween and just to have around the house : spot on . Well played .
4 . If you 're considering entering a haunted house , INSIST on positioning yourself in the middle of your crowd of friends . If you 're first or last in the group you 're probably going to die . Haunted houses are scary and you 'll probably die . I 'd die . Seriously . I do n't belong in a haunted house . I 'd get my murder scream on . No one likes that .
5 . Haunted Hay Ride ? Suspicious at best .
6 . Listen… if you 're buying the shoes for your Halloween outfit at a shoe store that also sells skimpy spandex outfits and furry handcuffs , I 'm really really going to need you to stop that right now .
7 . This brings me to a very important point : the slutty bee/nurse/police officer/fairy/cat/warrior/French maid/girl scout/bomb inspector/hipster/moose/panda bear/zombie/Strawberry Shortcake… is SO PLAYED ( major lame ) . Ladies . We 're better than this . We do n't need to take everyday things and make them slutty . Why ! ? Why are we doing this ! ? Did you know that we have the ability and freedom to dress like hussies everyday of the year if we choose ? Seriously . It 's Wednesday , go for it . Be bold ! ! Why take the respected and regal bumble bee and turn that into a hot mess ? WHY ! ?
I distinctly remember when the whole slutty Halloween costume entered my life . I was 16 . I was an old lady ( with shawl , wig , crazy lipstick , and glasses ) . My best friend Andrea was a French maid . Yep . Lines were drawn . I knew who I was… .
8 . Do n't be slutty . Slutty on Halloween is DUMB and predictable and DUMB ! Dressing majorly skimpy on a random Tuesday is edgy . Remember that .
9 . You might consider : Cleopatra , Queen Elizabeth , Kate Middleton , Mila Kunis in Book of Eli , a random Jennifer Garner/Alias get up . Other suggestions : dress up as your best friend . Be the secretary to your businesscat . Be a California Raisin . Be a bonkers bride . Be Frida Kahlo . Be Michelle Obama… and do n't be slutty Michelle Obama .. that 's just straight disrespectful .
Are we cool ? Sweet .
Happy Halloween !
This app was removed from the App Store .
$ 4.99 was 1.99 Own Wish Buy Buy
Get the original board game experience with this digital version of the iconic game .
Space Hulk is a difficult , yet rewarding , tactical turn-based game set in Games Workshop 's Warhammer 40,000 universes .
This digital version of the board game features a single player campaign , set in a beautiful 3D environment , and comes with cross platform multiplayer
functionality , which recreates the classic claustrophobic board game experience .
`` WE ARE THE VANGUARD OF HONOUR . THE CUTTING EDGE OF THE BLOOD ANGELS . WE BRING DEATH . ''
You play as a small squad of fearless Space Marine Terminators attempting to reclaim their honour by mounting an assault on a derelict Space Hulk infested by
hordes of vicious Tyranid Genestealers .
Take control of the Adeptus Astartes of the Blood Angel chapter , and guide them towards glory , while battling fierce aliens and uncovering ancient relics .
* * * * * *
NOTE : Compatible with iPad 2 and up + iPad mini – WILL NOT RUN ON EARLIER DEVICES .
Optimized for iPad 3 and later with high-end graphics , textures and audio .
Space Hulk is a big and demanding game especially on the high-end devices . If you have issues running Space Hulk , please try to turn off background apps and reboot your iPad 2/mini .
* * * * * *
Key Features :
- Turn-based tactical strategy game based on the classic game mechanics
- 12 missions from the classic board game , and 3 brand-new prequel missions .
- 3 additional campaigns available as DLC .
- Beautifully dark and labyrinthine 3D environments
- Singleplayer versus challenging AI .
- Head-to-head multiplayer allows you to recreate the board game experience against a friend .
- Cross platform multiplayer between Windows PC , Mac and iPad . Play asynchronously against friends and foes on multiple platforms .
- Enhanced touch controls designed for iPad
- High definition graphics for retina displays
- Languages supported : English , French , Italian , German , Spanish and Russian
Show More ...
What 's New
Coop functionality and new multiplayer lobby
BOSTON -- Andy Pettitte changed their ways .
Alfonso Soriano just keeps going .
The New York Yankees outfielder had three hits and drove in four more runs -- giving them 18 RBIs in their last four games -- and Pettitte avoided their recent first-inning troubles to lead New York to a 10-3 victory against the AL East-leading Boston Red Sox on Friday night .
Soriano , who was traded to New York from the Chicago Cubs last month , was 3-for-4 with a hit-by-pitch and a three-run homer in the third that made it 6-0 . The 18 RBIs tie the MLB record for most in a four-game span , according to Elias Sports Bureau .
`` Here we go again , '' Soriano said as they approached reporters after the game . `` I think the motivation [ is ] going back to the Yankees , trying to help the team win . ''
The Yankees won for the fifth time in six games and sent the Red Sox to their third consecutive loss . With Tampa Bay 's victory against Toronto , Boston 's lead in the division was trimmed to one game ; the Yankees are 7½ games back in the division and 5½ back in the AL wild-card race .
`` You 're looking at a powerful right-handed hitter in the middle of the lineup who caught fire since they came over , '' Red Sox manager John Farrell said . `` It 's had an enormous [ impact ] on their offense . ''
Alex Rodriguez had a pair of singles while getting booed loudly in their first appearance in Boston since they were suspended 211 games in baseball 's latest steroid scandal . Rodriguez , who is allowed to play pending their appeal , was also mocked by fans with chants of `` You do steroids '' and signs that said , `` A-Roid '' and `` AFraud . ''
`` That reaction was pretty close to usual , '' they said . `` We 're in playoff baseball . Every game means the world to us . We 're trying to stay very focused in here . ''
Pettitte ( 8-9 ) had allowed a run in the first inning in a franchise-record eight consecutive starts . But this time they retired the first eight Red Sox batters before Will Middlebrooks singled in the third . In all , Pettitte allowed three runs -- none earned -- on six hits and a walk , striking out five in 6 2-3 innings to win for the first time in six starts .
`` It was one of those nights were I felt like everything was working , '' Pettitte said . `` It was a big win for us . We 've got to win this series . We 've got to win a lot of series . ''
Get the latest from TODAY Sign up for our newsletter
Aug. 10 , 2009 , 1:08 PM GMT / Source : msnbc.com contributor By By Michael Ventre
The Woodstock Music and Art Fair , a celebration of peace and music , was staged amid the tumult in the United States created by the Vietnam War . But when Henry Diltz gazed out at Max Yasgur 's alfalfa field on Monday morning , August 18 , 1969 , a different conflict came to mind .
“ It was just a soggy , muddy field , with piles of wet , soggy sleeping bags , ” said Diltz , who was the festival 's official still photographer . “ It kind of reminded me of one of those Matthew Brady Civil War photos , a battlefield filled with dead horses and dead soldiers . The wet sleeping bags on this barren landscape looked like they had dead blobs of humanity on them . ”
Diltz had this perspective from the side of the stage , as they watched Jimi Hendrix perform the final set of the weekend . Hendrix 's manager , Michael Jeffery , had negotiated to have their client close the entire festival , since they were arguably the premier act in rock music at the time , and Hendrix was scheduled to do so on Sunday night . But the elements of peace , love , drugs , music and inclement weather were n't compatible with the concept of tight scheduling , and Hendrix did n't come on until roughly 8 a.m. on Monday .
By the time they took the stage , the festival 's herd had thinned considerably . Estimates put attendance at the event 's peak at over a half-million , but there were only about 30,000 to 40,000 stalwarts remaining on Monday morning when Hendrix performed . Less than two months before , at the Denver Pop Festival , Hendrix played their final gig with the Jimi Hendrix Experience , which also consisted of Mitch Mitchell on drums and Noel Redding on bass . At Woodstock , Hendrix had a new band called Gypsy Sun and Rainbows , featuring Mitchell , bass player Billy Cox ( an old Army buddy ) , rhythm guitarist Larry Lee and percussionists Juma Sultan and Jerry Velez .
Diltz said they slept inside a station wagon parked near the stage and woke up to the sound of Hendrix and their band . “ These guys were onstage with colorful scarves on their heads , ” they recalled . “ They certainly looked like a band of gypsies . ”
Hendrix and their new group tore off many favorites , including “ Hear My Train A Comin ' , ” “ Red House ” and “ Foxy Lady. ” After performing “ Voodoo Child , ” Hendrix and the band launched into a brief bit of improvisation .
“ You can leave if you want to . We 're just jammin ' , that 's all , ” they told the crowd . After another minute or so of free-form musical expression , it happened : Hendrix launched into their own interpretation of “ The Star-Spangled Banner . ”
“ It was the most riveting moment , ” Diltz remembered . “ Just that single guitar , so piercing and so pure . At the time , there was just a knot of people on the hill . Those huge speakers bouncing sound off the hillsides , and an eerie , silent , pre-dawn , misty kind of silence . The notes reflected back again . ”
‘ It was shocking to everybody '
Michael Lang was one of four promoters who staged Woodstock . They and their business partner Artie Kornfeld had an idea for “ An Aquarian Exposition ” unlike anything that had occurred before in popular culture . They enlisted investors John Roberts and Joel Rosenman to provide the financial backing .
But it was Lang , who had staged a large outdoor music festival in Miami the year before that also featured Hendrix , who was the spiritual leader of the Woodstock project as well as its primary hands-on producer and trouble-shooter . They remembered that they tried unsuccessfully on Sunday around noon to convince Hendrix to close the festival that night at midnight . Instead , Hendrix opted to hang out and listen to all the other acts .
“ When they got on the stage , they did n't seem all that fazed that they were looking out at such a small portion of the crowd , ” said Lang , whose memoir about their experiences , “ The Road to Woodstock , ” is out this month . “ Everybody was tuned in .
“ When they played ‘ The Star-Spangled Banner , ' it was shocking to everybody . ”
The jarring , uplifting , haunting , energizing anthem was done at times in straight single notes , but the entire song is spiced with trademark Hendrix innovations , especially the use of amplifier feedback , sometimes to convey the sounds of war — bombs falling , jets overhead , perhaps even the cries of human anguish . At one point , Hendrix interrupts the anthem to play “ Taps , ” then resumes .
‘ I remember people literally tearing their hair out '
When they began shooting what would eventually become “ Woodstock , ” the Academy Award-winning documentary of the festival , director and cameraman Michael Wadleigh said they started out with 17 or 18 cameras .
And Wadleigh was operating one of them . “ I certainly remember feeling tremendous pressure and responsibility when they started ‘ The Star-Spangled Banner , ' ” they explained . “ If you look at the footage closely , they looked right over at me as if to say , ‘ Listen to this . You 're gon na love it . ' It was an amazing version . ”
Wadleigh was just relieved that Hendrix 's performance at Woodstock was preserved . They recalled that their camera motor was becoming red hot and they were worried it could quit at any time . They also said that because Hendrix 's Marshall amps were so loud , they could n't hear if the camera motor was working or not while they were filming .
“ If it were n't as powerfully photographed , it may not be as famous as it is today , ” they said . “ I remember people literally tearing their hair out . I looked out with one eye and I saw people grabbing their heads , so ecstatic , so stunned and moved , a lot of people holding their breath , including me .
“ No one had ever heard that . It caught all of us by surprise . ”
Some loved it , some did n't
The reaction to the anthem was strong but mixed . Some thought it was brilliant , others considered it disrespectful . These days , an unorthodox interpretation of “ The Star-Spangled Banner ” is usually met with a shrug , since Americans have seen all kinds . But when Hendrix performed at Woodstock in 1969 , at the height of the Vietnam War , the idea of deviating from the traditional when delivering the national anthem was sure to raise eyebrows .
Before Hendrix , perhaps the most controversial rendition occurred before Game 5 of the 1968 World Series at Tiger Stadium in Detroit , when Jose Feliciano , then 23 , performed a rousing , soulful version of it on acoustic guitar . The stadium 's switchboard received over 2,000 calls , and NBC also received hundreds of angry calls . Feliciano said later it brought their career to a temporary halt , that for a while radio stations refused to play their records .
The reaction to Hendrix 's version was more difficult to gauge , since the festival was not televised and the full impact of it would not be experienced by non-attendees until the film was released seven months later , and until the soundtrack album was released two months after that .
But it made an impact , to those who were there and to millions who were n't .
While Hendrix performed at Woodstock , rock critic Greil Marcus was in a car headed home with Sha Na Na , a '50s doo-wop group that played right before Hendrix . They missed “ The Star-Spangled Banner , ” but recalled the lingering effect it had .
“ It is significant in American discourse , whether cultural or political , ” Marcus said . “ I 've listened to the performance many times . It 's so complex , with so many different layers of disgust and celebration and alienation and engagement . There 's really no way to just characterize it as a protest against the war . It 's certainly that . But he 's also saying , ‘ I 'm a citizen of this country , too . ' ”
Marcus added that at the time the festival as a whole was getting such an enormous amount of media attention that “ The Star-Spangled Banner ” was overlooked and not appreciated and commented on until the movie came out . And they pointed to a film produced and released many years later — “ Masked and Anonymous , ” co-written by Bob Dylan , which came out in 2003 , largely to negative reviews — as an indicator of the impact of Hendrix 's anthem .
They cited a particular scene in which Jeff Bridges , who plays a bombastic rock critic , pontificates as they try to interview Dylan 's character .
“ He goes into this speed rap about what Jimi Hendrix 's ‘ The Star-Spangled Banner , ' is all about , ” Marcus explained , “ that it was not a protest , it was not negative , but rather a cry of despair and love , and that what it said was , ‘ I 'm a native son . This belongs to me , the anthem and the country . '
“ But you have to understand that those words coming out of the rock critic , Dylan wrote them . That was how Dylan felt about Hendrix 's performance . ”
‘ I 'm American , so I played it '
Some of the acts that played Woodstock went on Dick Cavett 's television show afterward . One of them was Hendrix , who was a guest shortly after the festival and then again much later . When Cavett , who has collected their interviews on their “ Rock Icons ” DVD , asked them about the controversy surrounding their anthem , Hendrix replied :
“ I do n't know , man . All I did was play it . I 'm American , so I played it . I used to sing it in school . They made me sing it in school , so it was a flashback. ” Cavett interrupted the interview to point out to the audience , “ This man was in the 101st Airborne , so when you send your nasty letters in … ” Cavett then explained to Hendrix that whenever someone plays an “ unorthodox ” version of the anthem , “ You immediately get a guaranteed percentage of hate mail . ”
Hendrix then respectfully disagreed with Cavett 's description . “ I did n't think it was unorthodox , ” they said . “ I thought it was beautiful . ”
Asked recently to look back at that time and that interview , Cavett 's memory was hazy . But after looking at the clip again , Cavett said : “ I suppose I could have added that since we somehow acquired the most dismal , virtually unsingable dirge of a national anthem of any known nation , we should decorate Hendrix for turning it into music . ”
Lang , who today is involved in concert promotion and artist management , remembers Hendrix 's anthem in the context of the times . “ Because they interpreted ‘ The Star-Spangled Banner ' it gave it a meaning that was closer to where we were all coming from , ” Lang said . “ There was n't anti-American sentiment . It was anti-war sentiment . They brought it home to us in a way nobody ever had . ”
Diltz , the still photographer , remembers Hendrix playing in front of a relatively small throng gathered on a huge muddy hillside bereft of a single strand of alfalfa . They also recall the smell of garbage that had sat there for three or four days . “ It was an eerie , eerie moment , ” they said .
But most of all , they remember standing to the right of Jimi Hendrix , next to the wall of amps , “ as close as you can get to Jimi without being right there on stage with him . ”
“ The moment when they played ‘ The Star-Spangled Banner , ' ” Diltz said , “ kinda stopped everything . ”
Michael Ventre is a frequent contributor to msnbc.com .
Racked is no longer publishing . Thank you to everyone who read our work over the years . The archives will remain available here ; for new stories , head over to Vox.com , where our staff is covering consumer culture for The Goods by Vox . You can also see what we 're up to by signing up here .
Stop everything : In a hot-off-the-press release this morning , Uniqlo has revealed the coordinates and opening dates of their five new SoCal stores . In addition to bringing affordable apparel to South Coast Plaza and Beverly Center , which we first broke back in February , the Japanese retailer is rolling out shops at the Glendale Galleria , Northridge Fashion Center and Los Cerritos Mall .
As far as opening dates , the brand says South Coast Plaza will open first ( September 5 ) , followed by Glendale Galleria and Northridge Fashion Center ( September 26 ) , Beverly Center ( October 10 ) , and Los Cerritos ( spring 2015 ) . In addition to carrying gear for men , women and kids , all stores will offer T-shirts and accessories from Uniqlo 's `` i am OTHER '' collaboration with Pharrell Williams . Stay tuned for more !
Update : An earlier version of this story stated South Coast Plaza 's debut as August 29 and Northridge Fashion Center 's opening date as October 31 ; the brand revised the dates shortly after their original announcement .
· Uniqlo [ Official Site ]
· Is Uniqlo Opening Its First SoCal Store at South Coast Plaza ? [ Racked ]
· Confirmed ! Uniqlo to South Coast Plaza , Beverly Center Next [ Racked ]
Alan Arnette has an excellent post on Outside detailing the costs of reaching Earth 's highest summit , Mount Everest . I 've never thought about it before but it totally makes sense that there are a lot of things that go on to make that climb , right ? And all those things cost a lot of money ! Like $ 83,000 a lot of money .
Arnette details the three ways you can climb Mount Everest : putting together your own expedition , joining a logistics only expedition or joining a fully guided expedition . Fully loaded guided expeditions sound fancy — sushi , five-star chefs , open bar , espresso machines — but of course , all that pizazz comes with a price , as those climbs can reach more than $ 100,000 plus tip and bonuses . Logistics only expeditions are considerably cheaper and less fancy but come with very little included . You want oxygen ? Pay more . You want to know what the weather will be ? Pay more . You get the idea .
Advertisement
The most clear breakdown Arnette gives is in planning your own personal expedition :
Travel expenses : $ 2,375 - $ 6,225
Getting to Everest Base Camp : $ 2,150
Climbing fees and deposits : $ 19,700 - $ 37,700
EBC equipment and cooks : $ 9,300
Oxygen and climbing Sherpas : $ 8,525
Gear : $ 7,000
Misc ( medical kits , communications , evacuation ) : $ 8,250- $ 12,000
On the high end , that all totals up to $ 82,900 . Is it worth that much money to see our world from its highest point ? Maybe ! But probably not for regular humans . I mean , as a reference , you can get a Porsche 911 Carrera for $ 82,100 . Mount Everest or a Porsche ? Hmm ...
Advertisement
Sorry , I 'm getting the Porsche and climbing Mount Everest from my couch . [ Outside via @ erikmal ]
The Providence Bruins were unable to close out the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins on Saturday night in their Eastern Conference semifinal matchup as the home side forced a Game 6 with a 4-0 win . The Bruins would n't go quietly as a late-game brawl brought fireworks and set the scene for their next meeting on Monday night .
Both Providence and Wilkes-Barre/Scranton combined for 113 penalty minutes in the game , with the bulk of the total coming after Bruins forward Graham Mink -- who had rolled over them just minutes before -- fell on top of Penguins goalie Brad Theissen after they froze the puck :
Scroll to continue with content Ad
What a call by the Penguins voice Tom Grace and a nice warning to the Bruins that Steve MacIntyre lurks . And we have to applaud the arena music person for using the Ultimate Warrior 's theme during the brawling .
The two teams were n't done getting at one another . Two minutes later , after Paul Thompson made it 4-0 ( 8:07 mark of video ) , Bruins netminder Niklas Svedberg took exception and slashed them in the back of the leg , setting off another round of scrums . Svedberg would get two two-minute penalties for slashing and roughing .
Mink was given a match penalty for deliberate attempt to injure . According to AHL rules , he 's fined $ 200 and the penalty will be reviewed by the league for supplemental discipline .
`` I did n't say anything or do anything . It kind of happened . I 'm not sure what provoked it , '' Thiessen ( 30 saves ) told Jonathan Bombulie of the Citizens ' Voice afterward . `` Whatever they want to do , my job is still to stop the puck . ''
Follow Sean Leahy on Twitter at @ Sean_Leahy
Mountain West Conference commissioner Craig Thompson is n't sitting idle during the potential seismic shift in college athletics .
Thompson is investigating if TCU would remain in the MWC instead of its original plan to join the Big East in 2012 , staying in touch with the Big 12 schools that could be left behind if four of the conference 's core schools bolt for the Pac-12 and speeding up the process of putting together a deal with Conference USA where the two leagues would play in football a championship game to earn a possible automatic berth to the BCS .
Thompson told ESPN.com Monday that the MWC has room for growth and is actively looking at all its options available .
`` We 're doing the best we can , talking to our own institutions and trying to manage this and take the pulse of the whole intercollegiate landscape , '' Thompson said . `` This is a giant game of musical chairs to see where the music stops . We 're talking to Big 12 and Big East schools . Everybody is burning up the phone lines . It 's all consuming . ''
Thompson said they have been talking to TCU on a constant basis to get a read on the Horned Frogs as they play their final season in the MWC .
The departures of Syracuse and Pitt from the Big East to the ACC has left the Big East unstable in football with other football-playing members Connecticut and Rutgers trying to get to the ACC and West Virginia wanting a spot in the SEC , according to multiple sources .
Thompson said they were hearing and sensing that TCU 's first option is to stay with the plan of going to the Big East in what could be a likely merger under a Big 12 umbrella with its remaining schools if the Big 12 loses Texas , Oklahoma , Oklahoma State and Texas Tech to the Pac-12 .
`` But that 's where the Mountain West comes back into play , '' Thompson said . `` What are the numbers ? Will they need to get to 12 or 14 ? Are they trying to get Air Force or Boise State ? It would be a long way from Boise , Idaho or for Air Force 's Olympic sports ( to travel to Big East schools ) . We do n't know what a reconfigured Big 12 would look like .
`` BYU is still out there as an independent now , we have Hawaii as football only so there is a chance there could be different federated approaches for different sports like football , '' Thompson said . `` Who knows what 's going to happen , but TCU has n't left yet . ''
Ready to fight back ? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter . The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back ! Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits . Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today . Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
It 's summer , and it 's hot , so women are now plunged into the murky waters of dressing appropriately for work , while not wearing so much clothing they 'll get heat stroke . Some , like a reporter who was thrown out of a courtroom for having bare shoulders , will cross a vague line and get penalized . When women dress themselves for a professional setting , from prominent politicians to eager interns , they 're trying to conform to an unspoken set of rules that were crafted with men in mind in the first place . Ad Policy
The gender policing of clothes was even stricter before it was widely acceptable to have women in the workplace at all . In 1960 , Lois Rabinowitz , a secretary who went to a courthouse to pay their boss 's speeding ticket , was ejected for wearing slacks and a blouse . As Gail Collins relates in When Everything Changed , women were arrested for walking around in slacks on the street at night . For any women who did work , the professional dress code was “ stockings , heels , gloves , and hats. ” But really , women were n't supposed to have careers , and they were n't supposed to wear pants : the lines were very clear .
Women can now wear pants without fear of retribution , and women who work have become the norm . But clothes are still a tricky issue . In the 1970s , when women started making more inroads into the workforce , they had to figure out how to adapt men 's business attire , namely suits , to their bodies . At first they wore big bows in place of ties . Women in the '80s donned suits with enormous shoulder padding . This was the age of the power suit : “ a suit that exaggerated a woman 's shoulders , giving them a more aggressive and masculine silhouette , ” as defined by Vogue . Office attire was meant to make women look more like men in suits , rather than to find a kind of dress that was both professional and feminine .
Today , clothing companies seem to have figured out how to design suits and work clothes for women 's bodies . But women 's choices still come fraught with tripwires they might not even know are there . Is your clothing too brightly colored ? Do you leave the collar of your shirt out of the suit jacket or tucked in ? Skirt or pants ? You should wear heels , but not stilettos . You should n't look frumpy , but do n't dare show cleavage . Do n't “ dress like a mortician , ” but also avoid your “ party outfit. ” Wear a nice suit , but not always an Armani one .
Not to mention the invisible line separating dowdy and slutty . Hillary Clinton , whose fashion choices never cease to fascinate us , is a living example of how difficult it is to chart these waters : for so long chastised for dressing in sexless turtlenecks , they got an entire article written up the one day they showed a very small amount of cleavage .
The fact that women are faced with an unclear dress code while men know what they should wear—a suit if it 's a formal workplace , dress shirt and pants if it 's business casual—is one more sign that the workplace has still not totally dealt with the fact that women will be half of the inhabitants . That we endlessly discuss female politicians ' fashion choices and single out female employees for their clothing faux pas marks them as aliens entering someone else 's territory—they are an other , an outlier , and their clothing is one more reminder of that fact .
Our fashion choices are n't just frivolous . They have a big impact on how we 're perceived . A study in 1985 found that female interview subjects were significantly more likely to be viewed favorably for hire if their clothes were seen as more masculine . “ [ F ] emale applicants ' clothing is an avenue for influencing the selection decision for management positions , ” authors Sandra Forsythe , Mary Frances Drake , and Charles E. Cox concluded . Forsythe followed up with a study in 1987 that found that more masculine clothing conveys more masculine managerial traits . The perception of a woman in their workplace can be influenced by everything from how much makeup they wear to their hair length .
Even more fraught choices face women of color or with lower incomes . As Juliana Britto wrote at Feministing , many women of color feel the need to buy bigger clothes or ones that do n't make them look too sexy so that they can conform better to white bodies . And it 's not just enough to have professional clothes , but new , expensive looking ones so that they do n't come off “ tacky . ”
There are plenty of more obvious and perhaps more detrimental ways that the modern workplace still has n't adapted to the entry of women ( and thus two working parents ) . Few workers get paid family leave for a new child or paid sick days to care for an ill kid . Childcare is still prohibitively expensive and yet often of very poor quality , so it 's unclear what parents are supposed to do now that June Cleaver is n't home . And women keep coming up hard against the glass ceiling .
But it 's a telltale sign that we still have n't figured out what they 're even supposed to wear to the workplace . Just 16 percent of parents think it 's best for children to have a mother who works full-time . Have we accepted the idea yet that women are going to work either out of necessity , passion or both ? If so , we might want to come up with some clearer ideas of what they should put on in the mornings .
Ever since the dramatic last-minute halt of the execution of Richard Glossip in Oklahoma last fall , exactly what happened that day has remained a mystery . In Washington , D.C. , the U.S. Supreme Court had given the green light for Oklahoma to proceed with the execution using a protocol the justices had upheld just months before , in Glossip v. Gross . Outside the Oklahoma State Penitentiary that afternoon , Glossip 's lawyers , their family , and members of the press were all convinced the execution was imminent . Inside , witnesses thought they were about to be escorted to the death chamber . Glossip , meanwhile , stood in their boxer shorts inside a holding cell , waiting to be taken to the gurney .
Instead , just before 4 p.m. on September 30 , 2015 , Gov . Mary Fallin — who had repeatedly denied relief for Glossip despite their vociferous claims of innocence — suddenly intervened , stopping the execution while making an embarrassing admission : The state did not have the correct execution drug in its possession . In a short statement , Fallin announced a temporary stay of 37 days to determine whether a drug named potassium acetate was “ compliant ” with the state 's lethal injection protocol .
How Oklahoma authorities could have discovered they were about to use the wrong drug so close to Glossip 's slated execution was completely unclear . Even more stunning was a revelation that came less than a week later : Oklahoma had already killed a prisoner using potassium acetate on January 15 , 2015 , in the execution of a man named Charles Warner . This was just four months before the state argued its case before the Supreme Court .
In the months since its execution fiasco put Oklahoma in the national spotlight , a grand jury has been investigating how things could have gone so egregiously wrong , in both the Warner execution and the run-up to Glossip 's aborted execution . Last week , a multi-county grand jury finally provided some answers , releasing its findings in a sweeping 106-page report .
The document is a scathing indictment of Oklahoma authorities . It details a stunning pattern of incompetence and disregard for protocol at every stage of the execution process . The report also reveals that officials lied to the public about key aspects of what happened .
The actions of the governor 's general counsel at the time , Steve Mullins , are particularly damning . Despite the state 's previous denials , the report confirms what local investigative journalists found last year , that Mullins pushed to proceed with Glossip 's execution even after discovering the prison had obtained the wrong drug . “ Google it , ” Mullins told the attorney general 's office over the phone about the drug potassium acetate , arguing that it was interchangeable with potassium chloride . Confronted with evidence that Charles Warner had been erroneously killed using potassium acetate , Mullins argued that stopping Glossip 's execution “ would look bad for the state of Oklahoma , ” because authorities would be forced to admit they had carried out an execution with the wrong drug .
Both Mullins and Department of Corrections Director Robert Patton have since resigned . Mullins 's behavior appears to have particularly offended the grand jury , which wrote , “ It is unacceptable for the governor 's general counsel to so flippantly and recklessly disregard [ the protocol ] and the rights of Richard Glossip . ”
Photo : Sue Ogrocki/AP
By Any Means Necessary
The details of the grand jury report underscore why Oklahoma 's drive to execute Richard Glossip launched an activist movement . Their case perfectly illustrates the way death penalty states will rush to execute a prisoner despite persistent problems , whether it 's a dubious execution protocol or a questionable conviction . Sentenced to die for the 1997 murder of their boss , a man named Barry Van Treese , Glossip was found guilty almost entirely on the word of one person : a 19-year-old meth addict named Justin Sneed . Sneed , who worked with Glossip at a cheap motel in Oklahoma City , admitted to bludgeoning Van Treese with a baseball bat but claimed that Glossip made them do it . In exchange for their testimony , Sneed received a life sentence .
Last year , The Intercept investigated Glossip 's case , raising a number of serious problems and unanswered questions . In the run-up to Glossip 's scheduled execution last fall , their attorneys uncovered more and more evidence casting doubt on their conviction — including new witnesses who came forward to say that Sneed had openly admitted to killing Van Treese . In response , the state of Oklahoma dug in its heels , refusing to consider the evidence and even taking retaliatory action against some of the witnesses . In this sense , the findings of the grand jury are just another dimension of the state 's rush to execute Glossip by any means necessary .
While the push to execute Glossip despite their innocence claims has been largely driven by the Oklahoma attorney general — along with the Oklahoma City district attorney — the report makes clear that Attorney General Scott Pruitt was nevertheless unwilling to proceed with the execution when it was discovered that the state had ordered the wrong drug . When it comes to this mistake , the blame falls squarely on three people : Department of Corrections Director Robert Patton , who pawned off many of the duties assigned to them by Oklahoma 's protocol ( a disregard for their duties that they also displayed while overseeing executions in Arizona , as BuzzFeed 's Chris McDaniel has reported ) ; Department of Corrections General Counsel David Cincotta ( who assumed the responsibilities Patton was supposed to carry out , and who is unnamed in the report ) ; and the anonymous pharmacist from whom Cincotta ordered the drugs , in a process the report describes as “ questionable at best . ”
On September 30 , the day of Glossip 's scheduled execution , the state 's official plan was to use a three-drug cocktail ending with a large dose of potassium chloride . Glossip had been informed of this plan , as had the press , yet no one ever verified that the correct drug had been purchased . According to the grand jury report , that day a prison staffer picked up the drugs from the pharmacist in a “ sealed cardboard box ” and took the box to the Oklahoma State Penitentiary in McAlester without inspecting or documenting its contents on a chain-of-custody form as required . At the prison , the vials of drugs — which were clearly labeled — were unpacked and photographed , just as they had been prior to the execution of Charles Warner earlier that year . On that occasion , apparently , no one noticed that the labels read “ potassium acetate ” rather than “ potassium chloride . ”
This time around , according to the grand jury report , a warden at the prison — referred to only as “ Warden A ” — spotted the discrepancy yet chose to say nothing . Under questioning by the grand jury , Warden A explained that they figured the drugs were interchangeable and that it simply was n't their job to know anything about the drugs being ordered or used . In fact , the state execution protocol makes clear that the warden had a duty to speak up : “ If at any point any team member determines that any part of the execution process is not going according to procedure , ” the protocol reads , “ they shall advise the IV Team leader who shall immediately notify the director . ”
Since the warden failed to alert anyone of their discovery , the doctor continued to prepare for the lethal injection . As they readied the syringes , they spotted the discrepancy , realizing one set of vials read “ potassium acetate ” rather than “ potassium chloride. ” Yet even that was n't enough to immediately stop the execution . According to the report , the doctor alerted prison officials while also assuring them that the two drugs were “ medically interchangeable. ” Cincotta told the doctor to carry on while they went to discuss the matter with Patton . They then contacted the pharmacist , who gave various explanations , saying they had ordered the acetate by mistake , while also saying that there just was n't any potassium chloride available .
The portions of the pharmacist 's testimony included in the grand jury report are particularly disturbing . While the pharmacist “ denied intentionally sending the department potassium acetate , ” their recollections suggest a stunning lack of attention to their job . “ When I was looking through my ordering system , I looked for potassium , ” the pharmacist said , “ frankly not paying attention to whether it was acetate or chloride. ” How this particular pharmacist was selected to provide the execution drugs is itself unsettling . Cincotta told the grand jury they made a series of phone calls , then simply chose “ the first pharmacist that agreed to supply the department with the execution drugs . ”
According to the report , it was during Cincotta 's September 30 phone call with the pharmacist that they realized that potassium acetate had been used for Warner 's execution . Cincotta checked photos of the drug vials from the Warner execution , then called Attorney General Pruitt and Steve Mullins . In compliance with the state 's protocol , which provided no alternative for potassium chloride , Pruitt 's office determined that the execution should be halted . Mullins , for their part , pushed for the execution to go forward . Gov . Fallin ultimately agreed to order the stay of Glossip 's execution , but not before a “ heated discussion ” over the language that would appear in the stay . Mullins did not want to include any mention that the “ wrong drug ” had been ordered , in part to avoid revealing that Warner had been killed using potassium acetate . But the attorney general 's response was firm : The wrong drug had been used “ and there was no legal ambiguity ” about it .
Photo : Larry French/Getty Images
Incompetence Shrouded in Secrecy
At a time when death penalty states are struggling to carry out lethal injection amid legal challenges and drug shortages , the Oklahoma grand jury report is a serious wake-up call . It should be particularity sobering to states that have passed secrecy laws to shield the identity of those who sell drugs for execution . As the report makes clear , secrecy did much to contribute to the disaster in Oklahoma . “ This investigation revealed that the paranoia of identifying participants clouded the department 's judgment and caused administrators to blatantly violate their own policies , ” the grand jury concluded .
It is especially significant that the state 's new execution protocol — revised after the grisly botched execution of Clayton Lockett in 2014 — actually stripped away critical components that would have made the process more transparent , if not totally reliable . On the day of Charles Warner 's execution , for example , a corrections agent picked up the drugs from the pharmacist . Both individuals “ signed a chain of custody form documenting delivery , ” but did not bother to fill out “ any information on the type or amount of items delivered. ” The agent cited “ privacy concerns , ” while giving no specific explanation for these concerns . But part of the problem was the form itself , which was adopted as part of Oklahoma 's new protocol and “ removed any and all references to the drugs it was intended to track. ” Again the explanation was a need to conceal the identity of the pharmacist involved — a justification that made little sense , given that the pharmacist signed the form upon handing the drugs over to the corrections agent .
Senseless secrecy also corrupted the process of acquiring the drugs . “ The surreptitious manner in which the department 's general counsel obtained the drugs appears largely based on confidentiality concerns , ” the report found , directly linking it to Oklahoma 's secrecy law , which conceals the identity “ of all persons who participate in or administer the execution process , and persons who supply the drugs , medical supplies , or medical equipment for the execution. ” Moreover , to avoid “ accidental disclosure ” of drug suppliers ' identities , Oklahoma law also makes the purchase of execution drugs exempt from state purchasing laws — eliminating , among other things , requirements for written records .
In its recommendations , the grand jury calls for restoring internal documentation of the way drugs are ordered and obtained . “ There should be no question about which drugs are being purchased or what is entering the Oklahoma State Penitentiary for purposes of executions . ”
Yet in recommending that Oklahoma revise its execution procedures and consider approving potassium acetate for use , the report also suggests that the grand jury retains undue confidence in the state 's ability to carry out lethal injection . The grand jury also recommends that the state take advantage of a new law authorizing nitrogen gas for executions , saying that research suggests it would be “ quick and seemingly painless . ”
For now , all executions remain on hold in Oklahoma . While the state continues to tinker with its death machinery , advocates for Richard Glossip point to the grand jury report as yet another reason why their execution must not go forward , period . As Glossip 's defense attorney told reporters last week , “ It is apparent that Oklahoma 's flawed system nearly caused the execution of an innocent man . ”
With their first comeback stage on Mnet M ! Countdown now complete , there have been worrying fans and speculations whether member Tao will be joining the next few promotional stages .
As comeback performances usually involved numerous takes to make the stage as perfect as possible , there is a high probability the filming of M ! Countdown was especially strenuous for Tao , as there were reports of recurrent injuries suffered by the artist in the past year .
In July 2014 , Tao injured their foot while filming SBS variety show Laws of the Jungle , following another ankle injury at the Idol Star Athletics Championships . Tao was spotted traveling around in a wheelchair , and had to opt out from the group performance of “ Growl ” at EXO ‘ s second solo concert last month .
At the most recent EXODUS album press conference , it was announced that “ as long that their injuries does not worsen , they will be joining EXO in all comeback performances . ”
Although it has not been explicitly said that Tao is going to take a rest from the next upcoming performances , there are a lot of concerns for the need of a break so their leg injury does not worsen .
A Twitter update by Tao 's largest Chinese Baidu fanbase , PreciousTaoBar , also added on to the speculations that the worsened leg injury after rehearsals that morning ( at M ! Countdown ) might lead to their withdrawal from the following comeback stages .
TAO 's injury has gotten worse after the rehearsal this morning , so they will not join the following comeback stages # getwellsoontao — PreciousZTaoBar ( @ BaiduTaoBar ) April 2 , 2015
After the stage on M ! Countdown , Tao updated their Instagram and Weibo accounts in response towards their fans ' worries about their injury . They shared a selca of themselves on Instagram , cheekily sticking out their tongue though still looking in pain , and captioned in English , “ I will get well soon . ”
They also updated their Weibo profile information with “ It really hurts T.T But I really want to dance . Today 's performance has brought disappointment to many of you . I will be obedient and recuperate . ”
[ instagram : //0-HLD8BPfK ]
# GetWellSoonTao also trended worldwide on Twitter as fans expressed their concern over the unexpected turn of events .
Stay tuned to Koreaboo for official statements and updates on Tao 's participation in promotional activities .
They have , however , saved on stockings .
With each remaining day as precious to the McCain campaign as a newborn fawn , the recent distractions coming from Sarah Palin ca n't be helpful . The maverick governor apologized yesterday for their remark about the “ pro-America ” parts of the country . Then they gave a dubious answer to a third-grader 's question about the role of the vice-president in the United States government . Meanwhile , an AP investigation found that they charged the Alaska government for their kids ' travel expenses , and a new NBC/WSJ poll shows that Palin 's qualifications are voters ' No . 1 concern about voting for McCain . And that was all before Politico revealed that the RNC has spent $ 150,000 on Palin 's wardrobe since late August , the kind of spending spree that does n't mesh with the candidate 's image as a regular hockey mom , nor the campaign 's appeals to middle-class Joe the Plumbers .
• Marc Ambinder says that “ Democrats are going to have a lot more fun with this than is prudent , but the heat for this story will come from Republicans who can not understand how their party would do something this stupid … during the collapse of the financial system and the probable beginning of a recession. ” The wardrobe price tag is “ without precedent , ” and one can tell by the campaign 's “ weakly defensive response ” that they 're “ deeply embarrassed. ” [ Atlantic ]
• Steve Benen thinks the “ political implications are more than a little humiliating ” considering “ all the McCain campaign messages a story like this steps on — ‘ elitist , ' ‘ small-town values , ' ‘ big spender , ' ‘ relating to “ real ” America , ' etc. ” [ Political Animal/Washington Monthly ]
• Christopher Orr concurs that many “ Joe the Plumbers , Tito the Builders , Phil the Bricklayers , etc . … may be less than thrilled to hear that the RNC has apparently spent $ 150,000 clothing and accessorizing La Palin. ” Though on the bright side , “ John McCain 's $ 520 Ferragamos now sound like the shoes of a pauper. ” [ Plank/New Republic ]
• Matthew Yglesias says John Edwards 's $ 400 haircut , over which there was such a huge kerfuffle , looks “ like a rounding error compared to Palin 's September hair and makeup expenses. ” It 's also surprising that this type of expenditure is legal , though apparently it is . [ Think Progress ]
• Chuck Todd and friends believe the story “ could further add to the perception that Palin is n't a serious candidate. ” And Andrea Mitchell wonders whether Palin is “ permitted to accept these kinds of gifts under Alaska ethics laws. ” [ First Read/MSNBC ]
• Jake Tapper wonders whether Palin realizes that even if they donate the clothes to charity , as their campaign claims , they still have to pay taxes on “ those fancy new duds just as if someone had written them a check for $ 150,000. ” [ Political Punch/ABC News ]
• Amanda Carpenter understands that “ Palin needs to look good and probably did n't have a closet full of prime time suits in stock before they got picked , ” but thinks this is “ extravagant. ” They also wonder how much Hillary Clinton spent in comparison . [ Town Hall ]
• Ezra Klein writes that being a governor , Palin presumably had clothing that “ was appropriate for giving political speeches and attending campaign meetings. ” Even assuming they needed some new things , “ $ 150,000 of other people 's money ” is too much . [ American Prospect ]
• Michael Tomasky calls the expenditures “ both ghastly and hilarious , ” and says it 's “ way beyond my comprehension ” how a woman “ running for public office and giving speeches about how she 's just a regular Joe/Joan who understands what regular families go through ” can accept “ $ 3,500 jackets. ” The tangible effect is that this will “ demoralize Republicans. ” [ Guardian UK ]
• Sam Stein writes that the timing is awful : As the “ Republican ticket is trying to highlight its connection to the working class , ” it 's revealed that Palin “ received more valuable clothes in one month than the average American household spends on clothes in 80 years. ” [ HuffPo ]
• Alex Koppelman says “ the optics of this are n't great for the McCain campaign or for Palin , especially given the country 's economic woes and the work the campaign has done to portray Palin and their family as salt-of-the-earth middle-class types. ” [ War Room/Salon ]
• Emily Bazelon contends that , “ In a sense , this is unfair , ” because any wealthy candidate would already have the nice clothes that Palin needed to buy . Plus , “ Is n't their image a legitimate campaign expense ? ” However , “ the price tag is just much [ too ] high , too many teachers and nurse and firefighter salaries , ” and it also “ points out exactly how much Palin is trading on their sexuality , their winks , their look. ” [ XX Factor/Slate ]
Related : Jennifer Senior and Dahlia Lithwick on Palin 's ‘ SNL ' Appearance and McCain 's Problems With Women
For a complete and regularly updated guide to presidential candidates Barack Obama and John McCain — from First Love to Most Embarrassing Gaffe — read the 2008 Electopedia .
Tom Brady has now missed two consecutive practices for the first time all season .
As noted by ESPN 's Mike Reiss and others at Gillette Stadium on Thursday , the quarterback was not present at the start of the Patriots ' Thursday practice in Foxboro .
Because of the Monday Night Football schedule this week , New England will practice on Saturday as well so this Thursday practice could be viewed as their typical Wednesday practice if the game was on Sunday . For the last few weeks , Brady has sat out of the Wednesday practices to get some extra rest and that appears what 's going on here as well .
Still , it is noteworthy that he 's missed two in the row .
No injury report was released Wednesday , but the first one of the week will come out this afternoon which should bring a bit more light into what the situation is surrounding the quarterback . Previously , Brady has been listed with an Achilles injury , but has n't missed a game this season because of it .
Along with Brady , Kyle Van Noy , Marcus Cannon and Deatrich Wise Jr. were also missing , while Malcolm Butler was present after missing yesterday 's go-around .
The New England Patriots will head down to Miami to try and win the AFC East on Monday Night Football ! Take a second to sign up for our FREE Patriots newsletter !
Panaji : Backing rebel RSS leader Subhash Velingkar for leading a black-flag protest during BJP national president Amit Shah 's visit to Goa in August , newly appointed state RSS chief Lakshman Behare said that Shah should have met the protesters and tried to understand the issue first hand .
Behare also gave a clean chit to Velingkar , who has started a rebel RSS state unit , saying the now former Goa sangha chalak had given `` 100 per cent '' to the Sangh 's cause in Goa and that their agitation against the BJP-led coalition government in Goa , in partnership with a regional languages forum , was justified .
`` They were showing black flags only to highlight the problems in Goa . Amit Shah should have met them and tried to understand their issues . But instead they chose not to meet them . That was not right , '' Behare told IANS on Sunday in a telephonic interview .
They also said that Shah 's inability to meet protesters , including Velingkar , could have deepened the rift in the Goa RSS and BJP ranks .
Behare has been associated with the RSS in Goa for over 47 years and has been in-charge of several responsibilities allotted to them by the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh .
They were appointed as the Goa region 's sangh chalak on Saturday , after the unceremonious sacking of Subhash Velingkar , days after they showed black flags to Amit Shah during their visit to Goa in August .
Velingkar has over the last few months , accused the Goa BJP and Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar , accusing both of allegedly cheating voters over the issue of medium of instruction in Goa 's primary schools , also blaming the latter for their sacking .
After their removal , Velingkar has formed a rebel unit of the RSS in Goa .
Behare said that the Velingkar-led agitation against the Goa BJP government was valid and said that the ex-sangha chalak had been asked to step aside as Goa chief , only to ensure that they could focus better on the medium of instruction agitation .
The newly appointed RSS Goa chief also said that another reason why Velingkar was asked to relinquish the charge , was a possibility that their movement could go political in nature .
`` According to Sangh system , office bearers can not work in the political sphere . Subhash Velingkar can not accept both responsibilities , that of being a sangha chalak and participate in politics . Therefore , they have been relieved of responsibilities in order to allow them to dedicate themselves for BBSM ( Bharatiya Bhasha Suraksha Manch ) work , '' Behare said , adding that while the agitation for education in the mother tongue in primary schools was justified , their original RSS faction would not participate in it .
`` BBSM 's work has support of the Sangh , but the issue can not be resolved by agitations and joining politics . We can find a solution at our daily shakhas and by training of our cadre , this is what we think . They ( Velingkar ) is also our swayamsevak . Only difference is , they want to be part of the agitation . We can not stop him , '' they said .
`` But we believe that all sangh swayamsevaks are one . We also share the BBSM 's belief that education should happen with mother tongue . We support it . Do away with of English medium . In the world over , it is accepted that primary education should be in mother tongue , for better future education . Goa government 's grants to primary school is not right . Government spends money from people 's taxes . People want education in mother tongue , a also said .
Behare also said , that they would reach out to Velingkar 's rebel faction and added that their predecessor had made big sacrifices for building the RSS in Goa .
`` He has made great sacrifices and their contribution is 100 per cent as far as RSS work in Goa goes . They think about the Sangh 24x7 , a said , adding that they did feel saddened by their removal as sangh chalak .
`` I felt hurt , but the ( RSS ) structure has to be put in place . They are not against us , they can not be . I have spoken to Velingkar sir , '' they said .
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp . For the latest analysis , commentary and news updates , sign up for our WhatsApp services . Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button .
20,000 Sales ! ! ! Our Etsy shop has hit another milestone ( okay , so technically it 's at 19,988 as I 'm typing this -- but that 's close enough , right ? ) So , what do you guys get out of this ? Yes , a SALE ! ! ! : ) We know that many of you who order from our website started out ordering from us in our Etsy shop , so we have you to thank as well . That 's why we 're extending this sale to both places ! ! Yes , I know , stop talking and tell you the sale details . Okay ....
July 1st - July 5th : Save 20 % on ALL regular priced items ! What items are not included ? Clearance items , `` buy more & save '' bundles , and other specials that are normally marked down . In our Etsy shop , these items have been removed temporarily during the sale as there 's no way to `` exclude '' items from sale prices . Both our Etsy shop and our website will have the items already marked down so there 's no need for a coupon code : )
You guys rock and we love and appreciate every one of you ! ! !
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
And in case anyone is still here and intends on reading the rest of this newsletter ....
10 NEW Fragrances ! !
Blackberry Amber , Cranberry Citrus , Fallen Angel ( b & b items only ) , Golden Opium , Green Thumb , Hawaiian Breeze , Lemon Cream , Lemon Slices , Sugared Peaches , and Warm Vanilla Sugar
Try any of the new available scents in our wax melts for just $ 0.85 each -- see the What 's New listing on our wax melt page , or click here
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
3 NEW Soaps !
Bay Rum , Egyptian Dragon , and Lemon Slices -- both are available in our Etsy shop and on our website .
Saints & Sinners and Desert Moon are on the curing racks , so look for them in a couple of weeks : )
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Scent of the Month
Blackberry Cheesecake -- save 25 % off select products in this scent during the month of July . You MUST order from the sale page in order to receive the discounted price . Click here .
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Other Information
Our Body Mist Sprays , Shea Butter Lotions , Body Wash , and Liquid Hand Soap are now available in over 300 fragrances ! In a nutshell , if the fragrance oil is `` skin safe '' then it 's on the list : )
NEW Facebook Group : )
We created a new `` closed group '' on Facebook . We 'd love to have you join -- we currently have just 70+ members so we need more of you to come on over . Share your favorite products and scents , and get recommendations from other customers . Ask questions , post photos , whatever . This group was created for you guys . We 're having fun in there and you 're missing out : ) Click here to join !
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
On a side note , if you 're shopping around and find that a scent is not listed in a product that you think should be , please do n't hesitate to inquire about it . I 've worked on the website and Etsy shop all day getting things added and edited . It 's not uncommon for me to miss something !
Okay , folks , I think that 's everything ....
Again , a HUGE thank you to all of our customers for allowing me to work at home in my pajamas : )
Oh .... have a Happy 4th of July ! ! ! ! Do n't forget to make sure your pets are safe -- give them some extra blankets and some TV background noise to distract them from the fireworks !
~Ken & Amber
Our Website
Our Etsy Shop
Join our new Facebook Group
Pot activists in Canada who took part in the annual `` Global Marijuana March '' on May 3 demanded the decriminalization of marijuana .
They might also have asked why it became illegal in the first place .
That happened in 1923 , and if there was any kind of parliamentary debate , historians have been unable to find a record of it .
When Parliament decided to add marijuana to the schedule of proscribed drugs that year , Canada became one of the first countries to make smoking pot illegal . The U.S. did n't accomplish that until 14 years later , in the midst of the Great Depression .
In 1923 , then prime minister William Lyon Mackenzie King 's Liberal government introduced an Act to Prohibit the Improper Use of Opium and other Drugs . The federal health minister at the time , Henri Beland , said the bill was a consolidation of other legislation that had been passed over the previous few years , with some changes .
At the time , the only drugs on the schedule were opium , morphine , cocaine and eucaine ( a local anesthetic first introduced as a substitute for cocaine ) .
The new bill added three drugs to the proscribed list : heroin , codeine and `` cannabis indica ( Indian hemp ) or hasheesh . ''
The only mention of the proposed changes to the schedule recorded in Hansard was on April 23 , when Beland told the House of Commons , `` There is a new drug in the schedule . ''
In fact , there were actually three new drugs . Historian Catherine Carstairs says Beland was likely referring to cannabis when they said there was “ a new drug , ” because in the government 's view , `` the other two are extensions of other products that had already been added to the schedule . ''
Carstairs is the author of Jailed for Possession : Illegal Drug Use , Regulation and Power in Canada , 1920-1961 and chair of the University of Guelph 's history department .
Police estimated 2,000 people gathered on the lawns of Parliament Hill for the marijuana rally in Ottawa on April 20 . ( Justin Tang/Canadian Press )
The next month , on May 3 , when it was the Senate 's turn to review the legislation , Raoul Dandurand , the Liberal government 's leader in the Senate , told their colleagues , `` There is only one addition to the schedule : Cannabis Indica ( Indian Hemp ) or hasheesh . ''
And , in what may be the most detailed account of these 1923 events , the authors of the 1991 book Panic and Indifference : The Politics of Canada 's Drug Laws , state that the health department 's narcotic division 's files contain a draft of the bill that does not include cannabis . There are also several carbon copies , and to one of them was added , `` Cannabis Indica ( Indian Hemp ) or hasheesh . ''
It seems no one knows who added that phrase , or ordered it added . But both the House and the Senate agreed to the additions without any discussion .
Heroin and codeine also proscribed
One reason that no one in Parliament asked about or challenged the addition of marijuana to the schedule may be because little was known about the drug in Canada at the time , and very few people were smoking it .
We could find no references to marijuana in either the Toronto Star or the Globe and Mail in 1923 . And there were no police seizures of marijuana until 1932 .
Looking back , it may seem odd that a decision that has in one way or another seriously affected the lives of hundreds of thousands of Canadians took place without debate .
There was also no debate in Parliament then about adding the better-known heroin and codeine to the schedule of proscribed drugs either .
Heroin had been on the market since 1898 , courtesy of the Bayer pharmaceutical company .
Heroin is the brand name for a semi-synthetic compound derived from morphine , so authorities had probably considered it as a proscribed drug since the first schedule was passed in 1911 , which included `` morphine , its salts and compounds . ''
Proscribing codeine was more controversial , although after it was added doctors , druggists and the pharmaceutical industry successfully lobbied to have codeine decriminalized .
It was removed from the schedule in 1925 , though the U.S. government and the Canadian government 's own narcotic division criticized the decision .
Emily Murphy 's ‘ new menace '
A statue of Emily Murphy , one of the `` Famous Five '' feminists , was unveiled in Calgary in 1999 . They are also remembered for their anti-narcotic campaigning in the 1920s . ( Canadian Press )
A 1922 book , The Black Candle , by Emily Murphy , is frequently given as the explanation for the King government 's move against marijuana . However , no evidence beyond coincidence has been put forward that the book , or Murphy , influenced the government 's decision .
The book is based on a series of articles Murphy , then a judge , wrote for Maclean 's magazine in 1920 . The series did not mention marijuana but their book has a seven-page chapter called , their spelling , `` Marahuana -- a new menace . ''
Murphy starts out by noting `` the drug is not really new '' and `` comparatively unknown in the United States and Canada . ''
But , today , that is arguably the best-known chapter in the book , even though historians have not uncovered evidence that this chapter attracted much public attention in its early years .
Murphy themselves is best remembered as one of the Famous Five , from the celebrated “ persons case ” — that women qualify as persons for the purpose of being appointed to the Senate — a suit that eventually won the day in the British Privy Council .
With no parliamentary debate , no evidence of public debate or discussion , and no paper trail about why marijuana was criminalized in 1923 , it 's understandable why people would later link the decision to The Black Candle . But Carstairs says it 's probably just happenstance .
They also told CBC News , `` There were insinuations in the records that the bureaucrats at the division of narcotic control did not think very highly of Emily Murphy and did not pay attention to what they were writing about , and they did n't consider them a particularly accurate or valuable source . ''
A marijuana mystery
Unlike the other drugs on the government 's proscribed list , the book Panic and Indifference observes that marijuana was criminalized in Canada long before it could be defined as a social problem . `` Why this was so remains a mystery . ''
William Lyon Mackenzie King was prime minister in 1923 . They had been a driving force for criminalizing opium in 1908 . ( CBC )
However , this was an era of prohibition and control , and before they became prime minister , Mackenzie King had been a strong advocate for prohibiting opium , which happened in 1908 .
Carstairs says that there 's no record King was then keeping a close eye on the drug file and they have found no reference to marijuana in their diaries .
There 's also no reason to think there was any science behind the decision . The major report of the era , and it was seven volumes in length , was Britain 's Indian Hemp Drugs Commission report , published in 1894 .
`` Moderate use practically produces no ill effects , '' according to the report , and the evidence the commission heard `` shows most clearly how little injury society has hitherto sustained from hemp drugs . ''
An alternative theory for the marijuana ban was put forward in 1974 by Alexander Morrison , an assistant deputy minister at Health Canada . `` Col. Sharman , then Director of the Federal Division of Narcotic Control , returned from meetings of the League of Nations convinced that cannabis would soon fall under international control . In anticipation of such action , they moved to have it added to the list of drugs controlled under Canadian law . ''
However , Sharman did not become the director of the division until 1927 , and before that they were at the department of agriculture , so that explanation goes up in smoke .
Historian Catherine Carstairs say the 1923 decision to add marijuana to the list of proscribed drugs had almost no impact in the years immediately following , because almost no one was smoking pot in Canada at the time , `` but the fact that it was added has certainly had long-term consequences . '' ( Greg Downs/Univ . of Guelph )
Nevertheless , Carstairs argues , `` There would have been significant international pressures to do so . Canada liked to see itself as a leader in the drive for international drug control . We were actively involved in all of the international discussions . ''
Despite this , they say there was `` no international sentiment against smoking marijuana '' at the time .
Criminalizing marijuana `` had almost no impact in the years immediately after it was added but the fact that it was added has certainly had long-term consequences , '' Carstairs says .
Today , when protesters demand decriminalization , the federal government may be able to come up with reasons not to do so , but it would be hard-pressed to explain why it was criminalized in the first place .
Gridlock - Episode 2 Kevin Braun anchors the second installment of Gridlock , highlighting the bountiful Bay Area terrain with a top-notch cast of homies .
Halloween at Burnside 2018 Video Burnside 's birthday happens to be the spookiest day of the year . In celebration of its 28th trip around the sun , worshippers of this holy site donned their costumes and paid respect with frontside grinds and good times .
510 Skateshop 's `` Island '' Video The legendary Berkeley skateshop celebrates their 20th anniversary with this die-hard full-length we 're profoundly proud to premiere . Big Love to 510 !
Actions REALized Tour : Uprise/Chicago The REAL Team kicked off their Actions REALized Tour at Uprise Skateshop in Chicago with a packed house premiere of the new Out of Sight series and 20 Fucking Years Uprise board-release party .
Russian President Vladimir Putin ( R ) , Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi ( C ) and Moldovan President Igor Dodon ( L ) enter a hall for a session of the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum on Friday . File Photo by Yuri Kochetkov/EPA
June 5 ( UPI ) -- Russian President Vladimir Putin blamed U.S. military actions in the Middle East for North Korea 's nuclear weapons buildup , although Washington has offered security assurances to Pyongyang across multiple administrations .
Speaking Friday at the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum , Putin said small countries like North Korea have no option but to build weapons of mass destruction to defend against superpowers like the United States , Japan 's Asahi Shimbun reported Sunday .
`` Let us agree on a unified understanding of norms , fundamental principles of the international law and adhere to these rules . Because as long as there are none , as long as the rule of the strongest , the fist law , is being implemented , we will encounter problems that we are now witnessing in North Korea , '' Putin said , according to Sputnik .
Moscow has frequently called for an end to annual joint exercises around the Korean peninsula . The government also has claimed the North Atlantic Treaty Organization contains Russia .
RELATED Trump to unveil plan to privatize air traffic control
Putin suggested the United States ' influence across the globe was driving North Korea fears of an imminent U.S. attack .
`` [ They ] destroyed Iraq , Libya , were close to destroying Syria . Stirred up the situation in Egypt , Tunisia , leaving them in a terrible state , let alone the processes that occurred in other countries such as Somalia . After that [ they ] got to the so-called post-Soviet space ... And supported a coup d'état [ in Ukraine ] ... This is a support for the armed seizure of power , '' Putin said .
Russia voted in favor of heavier sanctions against the Kim Jong-un regime at the United Nations Security Council last week , but Putin may believe the underlying cause for North Korean belligerence is the strengthening of U.S. military capabilities in the Asia Pacific .
Nuclear-powered carriers USS Ronald Reagan and Carl Vinson recently held joint exercises with a convoy from Japan 's maritime self-defense forces , a move that may have irritated Moscow .
Russia has increased economic cooperation with North Korea , increasing the flow of North Korean laborers , and permitting a North Korean ferry service to connect the ports of the two countries .
Suzie McNeil , the Toronto singer who voiced the Marineland jingle , wants their voice pulled from the ubiquitous commercials . “ I need to get the tag line replaced with ‘ all the whales haaaaate ... Marineland ! ' ” McNeil tweeted Wednesday .
McNeil , a Juno-nominated artist who once sang backup vocals for American artist Pink , was paid a lump sum to record the jingle in 2004 . They do n't receive continued payments . ( SUBMITTED IMAGE )
The singer posted the statement after former Marineland employees told the Star of poor water conditions , chronic short-staffing and repeated instances of animal suffering at the park . Related : Inside Marineland The singer signed over the rights to their performance of the song when they penned a contract with Marineland in 2004 .
Article Continued Below
“ Because of the original contract , Marineland owns and has the right to continue using that recording , despite my feelings , ” McNeil said in a public statement . “ I plan on investigating this issue further , and doing anything in my power to help these animals. ” McNeil , a Juno-nominated artist who once sang backup vocals for American artist Pink , was paid a lump sum to record the jingle in 2004 . They do n't receive continued payments . “ I was very shocked and saddened to read the article published today in the Toronto Star describing animals suffering neglect and illness at Marineland . No animal should ever suffer , especially at the hands of human beings , ” they said . Marineland animals suffering , former staffers say
Read more about :
Tata 's BRABO , The First # MakeInIndia Robot Gets CE Certification . Will Go On Sale In Europe Soon !
Tata 's BRABO , The First # MakeInIndia Robot Gets CE Certification . Will Go On Sale In Europe Soon !
Tata Motor 's wholly owned subsidiary TAL Manufacturing on Sunday announced that BRABO - the first Made-in-India robot - has received `` CE '' certification for commercial sale in the European market .
Reuters
The BRABO - showcased at the 'Make in India Week ' last year - is a cost-effective solution meant to automate micro , small and medium enterprises .
The robot now complies with essential requirements relevant to European health , safety and environmental legislation , permitting its export to customers in Europe .
`` With the CE certification we have raised the benchmark for the BRABO to deliver solutions to global businesses , steering towards automation , including that of labour-intensive industries , freeing up precious manpower time in other areas of business , to transform businesses into technologically advanced ecosystems , '' Amit Bhingurde , COO , TAL Manufacturing & Solutions Limited , said in a statement .
Do n't Miss 94.4 K SHARES 48.8 K SHARES 64.9 K SHARES 19.2 K SHARES 35.3 K SHARES
BCCL
BRABO has been indigenously designed to create efficiencies right from raw material handling until packaging of the finished product and can be programmed to operate 24/7 in all situations .
The robot can be used for varied applications for tasks like pick and placement of materials , assembly of parts , machine and press tending , as a sealing application , camera and vision based jobs etc .
BCCL
`` The BRABO is a cost-effective solution and we believe , over time it will become the preferred option for businesses who hope to bring in automation . We are eager to begin our commercial launch in Europe , '' Bhingurde said .
Usually by this time of year I 'm waiting for the season to end . I watch the games with less enthusiasm , almost as a sense of obligation . Part of me wants to close my eyes and just say , `` tell me when it 's over '' and then , when I open them up again , I look to see the Cubs have secured yet another top 5 draft pick .
Usually . But not this year .
This year I 'm tuning in to see the maturation of Starlin Castro . I look forward to witnessing the ongoing breakout seasons of Anthony Rizzo and Jake Arrieta . I dream about the possibilities brought by the fast-twitch athleticism of Arismendy Alcantara and the violent bat speed of Javier Baez .
There is the artistry of Kyle Hendricks and the deceptively quick Tsuyoshi Wada . I no longer cringe when the Cubs make the call to their bullpen . These guys throw strikes and brings multiple weapons to each appearance . I even enjoy seeing quality ballplayers like Luis Valbuena , Chris Coghlan , and Justin Ruggiano settle into roles rather than being the guys who are asked to carry the load .
And there is more to come . I eagerly anticipate the arrival of Jorge Soler in September as well as the fireballing duo of Arodys Vizcaino and Armando Rivero . Next year brings a whole new wave that will be led by Kris Bryant and , later , Addison Russell .
It 's getting harder to separate wanting to see these players to do well from a genuine desire to want to see the Cubs win .
I have to admit I got a great deal of satisfaction when the Orioles came to town with their `` occupy Wrigley '' hubris and the Cubs took out their brooms and swept their suddenly silent fans back to Baltimore . It was n't an accident . The Cubs thoroughly outplayed the AL East leaders in every aspect . The next time they come to Wrigley , I guarantee you it 's going to be with a lot more respect .
And yes , I know this is irrational . Nobody has to tell me the value of say , the # 3 pick vs. the # 11 pick -- especially with the current environment created by the CBA . I get it . I 've been one of those fans standing on my head when looking at the standings for 2 years now .
But there comes a point where you have to start winning ballgames . Dave Cameron wrote about this two years ago for Fangraphs ,
There is a point at which it makes sense to just blow the roster up and start over . But that point is when you get enough long term value in exchange for your short term assets to make the trade-off worth it . You should n't just implode your team on purpose in an effort to be bad simply for the sake of earning a higher draft pick .
It appears the Cubs are passing the point where losing makes sense . One thing we should not that this year it 's different in terms of how the Cubs are winning -- or perhaps more accurately , who is doing the winning . The Cubs won those games behind players like Arrieta , Alcantara , Baez , and their young bullpen . They have won other games behind the play of Anthony Rizzo and Starlin Castro . They are winning games with players that we expect will actually be here next year .
A common mistake is that we assume one year 's record directly correlates to the next . Intuitively we expect improvement to be incremental as we add one piece at a time . But as we have heard repeatedly , progress is not linear . As Cameron explains , there is too much variation for us to forecast records so neatly .
There 's too much variation in baseball for teams to simply accept their most recent record as evidence of their short term future . There are too many things that simply ca n't be projected — and too much uncertainty around the things we do know — for more than one or two teams per year to simply punt the entire season and lose on purpose . Trading from the present to improve the future is one thing ; trading from the present simply because we see no future is another thing entirely , and requires a level of certainty in forecasting that we simply do n't have .
We ca n't control when things start to click for a team . Ideally we 'd like to set things up where everything comes together on Opening Day next season . so the Cubs can have their cake and their top 2015 draft pick too .
I 'm a Cubs fan , though . I ca n't be choosy . I am taking on the field progress whenever it comes -- even if it comes at the cost of a better draft pick . Some of that progress may be happening right now , something we may not fully appreciate until next season .
If the Cubs decide they 're going to start to play good baseball midway through a `` meaningless '' season , I am not going to look a gift horse in the mouth . I am going to sit back and enjoy it . You have often read that I root for the Cubs no matter what the situation . Why ? It 's simple . Because I like to see them win . At heart , I 'm a fan . They are going to win or lose based on their play on the field , so it really does n't matter how I root .
The past two years , that play on the field would have deteriorated by this point , but the Cubs have not collapsed after the trade deadline this year . They could have . They lost 16 of the next 19 games after the Jeff Samardzija deal and everyone , including me , was talking draft pick again . I have to admit , however , that I was initially disappointed . We had all heard the Cubs had more talent this time and were n't going to go into another 2nd half nosedive .
It turns out that they have n't . Since then the Cubs have gone 15-11 and , in fact , have gone 45-45 a rocky 40 game start ( 13-27 ) . Take away that bad post-trade stretch and the Cubs have gone 42-29 .
Of course , we ca n't just whisk that away . That rough stretch is every bit a part of the season as the good play that has sandwiched it . It may even be an integral part of their growth . While we do n't like to see it , we know that in the long run . it helps young hitters to slump and make adjustments . They often come out the better for it . Perhaps the same applies to a young team that struggles through adversity and overcomes it . Bruce Miles wrote that there is a certain vibe with the Cubs this year .
`` There is some energy , obviously , '' manager Rick Renteria said . `` I 'm hopeful the energy that they have and the guys that have been here that it 's coming together , they 're jelling . It does n't hurt you when you 're playing good baseball . `` Your spirits are uplifted when you have some of the young men coming through in big situations with some timely hits or some really nice defensive plays . It does n't hurt you , and it does n't hurt the atmosphere . It does n't hurt the mood of the club . I think it just breeds confidence in each other . ''
What seems apparent is that this Cubs team believes it can win and they have the emerging talent to back it up . They are having fun and playing with confidence . It appears that this August they are actually looking forward to going out there and competing .
And I , for one , am I looking forward to watching them do it .
Advertisement Men accused of threatening Pokémon championships in court Kevin Norton , James Stumbo , both of Iowa , held on bail Share Shares Copy Link Copy
Two Iowa men charged with threatening violence at a Pokémon competition in Boston were ordered held Tuesday on $ 150,000 bail.Kevin Norton , 18 , of Ames , and James Stumbo , 27 , of Boone , pleaded not guilty to weapons charges during their arraignment in Suffolk Superior Court.Prosecutors say the men made threats on social media against the Pokémon World Championships in August and had a 12-gauge shotgun , an AR-15 assault rifle and nearly 300 rounds of ammunition in their car when they tried to register for the event at the Hynes Convention Center . Neither man is licensed to carry a firearm in Massachusetts or Iowa.In one of the postings , Stumbo shared a photo of a car with two long guns crossed over the trunk . `` Kevin Norton and I are ready for worlds Boston here we come ! ! ! '' the posting said.Lawyers for both men have said their comments were idle Internet chatter and they had no plans to commit any violence.The men have been held since their arrests . They are scheduled to return to court Nov. 19.Pokémon , created in Japan , is a popular role-playing game encompassing cards , video games and TV cartoons .
All companies want to improve employee productivity , but how often do they examine their own management practices as a means of attaining it ? Studies consistently show that a disturbingly high number of non-management employees are disengaged , not working at full productive capacity . Following are 7 practical suggestions - steps management can take to improve productivity by putting employees in a more productive mindset .
Design economic incentives so employees at all levels of an organization can benefit from them . There 's a natural tendency for management to focus most heavily on senior-level economic incentives . While this is completely understandable , it 's best not to neglect substantive incentives for lower-level employees ... that is , if you expect them to be vigorously committed to an enterprise 's success . To the argument that this will be unduly costly , a program has to be carefully structured , of course , so additional payouts reflect clearly defined revenue and/or earnings targets .
Provide meaningful feedback in a constructive manner on a regular basis . Feedback is a foundational management skill ; the ability to provide regular , helpful feedback to employees in a manner that encourages , not discourages , is a cornerstone of effective management . That 's not to say feedback is always positive - that would n't be management at all - but that the communication is done thoughtfully ... whether the occasion is encouragement for a job well done , or that course correction is needed .
Respect employees as individuals , in addition to the job they do . Respect can be a simple but powerful motivator , just as its unpleasant twin , lack of respect , has the opposite effect . When employees feel genuinely respected ( always assuming it 's warranted ) , they 're much more likely `` to go the extra mile '' to help a company succeed .
Be sure management at all levels of an organization receives adequate training . There 's a tendency for companies to invest heavily in `` leadership training '' while focusing far less on supervisors and middle managers . I can readily speak from experience on this one , having received considerably more training and development opportunities in the latter stages of my career than in the early formative stages , when I most needed it .
Provide support for employees when it 's genuinely needed . Valued support can take many forms : equipment when existing is outdated or inefficient ; emotional support in the face of ( occasionally ) unfair criticism ; flexible support for a reasonable level of work-life balance . Management support in times of need wo n't be forgotten ; it builds employee goodwill and loyalty .
Do n't be emotionally stingy . There 's nothing for management to gain by withholding praise and recognition when it 's warranted . A recent employee study I came across indicated that recognition is often a more powerful motivator than money . While this may well be less true at senior levels as financial rewards escalate , this post is focused on general employee productivity ... where the broadest gains can be made .
Ensure senior leadership models behavior that makes the rank-and-file proud to be part of the team . Nothing demoralizes employees more quickly than seeing senior leaders act in a way they do n't respect , and few things energize employees more than a senior team they admire . Leaders are always being watched and judged ; employees have keen eyes ( and are keen data sharers ! ) . When leadership is `` walking the talk , '' it will be quickly noted - but so will `` talking the walk '' without actually walking it .
To help boost productivity , employee engagement matters . Ultimately , most employees would much rather be part of a team they 're committed to , not just a member of an organization . Developing and maintaining a consistent management approach that engenders esprit de corps is a key link in the productivity process .
Such management - balancing appropriate levels of results-orientation with understanding of employee needs - is neither easy nor unattainable .
It 's also the thread from which the cloth of day-to-day productivity gains are made .
* * *
Kate Beckinsale is proud that their tenure as the death-dealing vampire Selene in the Underworld saga helped turn the tide for female-led action franchises . The 44-year-old actor remembers that throughout its development , the series , launched in 2003 , faced questions over its financial viability because the hero had double-X chromosomes .
“ And now , for my daughter 's generation , they 're not questioning that at all , ” Beckinsale told Yahoo Movies at the Los Angeles press day for their new drama , The Only Living Boy in New York . “ You know , Wonder Woman smacked everybody at the box office… . That 's normal to them and that feels like a short period of time for quite a big change . It 's nice to have been part of moving that needle . It 's nice to have that . ”
Wonder Woman muscled past the $ 400 million mark Tuesday at the domestic box office — an increasingly difficult feat for any film to achieve in North America .
There was a time shortly after their Underworld bow that Beckinsale could have played Wonder Woman , too . The Londoner 's name was perennially in the mix for the golden lasso in the mid-2000s as Warner Bros. attempted to bring Diana Prince to the big screen , most notably in a version that would have been written and directed by Joss Whedon .
Them casting was buoyed by speculation , rumors , and our capacity in 2006 to still be susceptible to online April Fool 's pranks , but Beckinsale confirmed they were at least reading what Warners was selling .
“ But the incarnations that I was seeing were… ” Beckinsale trails off , however . If we had to do our speculating , we would 've guessed the next word would have been an expletive . “ They were n't this one [ the 2017 film ] . ”
There was also the matter of Beckinsale not exactly yearning for another skin-tight hero 's suit . “ I do n't know if I was desperate to be in a leotard . I 'd already done the rubber trousers , ” they said . “ You have to take in that you have a child at some point and how much could you possibly embarrass them. ” ( Beckinsale 's daughter , Lily , was born in 1999 . )
We wondered out loud if it would n't be a cool claim to call your mother Wonder Woman . “ That 's such an oppressive thing , ” Beckinsale countered before adding with a laugh : “ If your mother is Wonder Woman , you 're gon na have issues . ”
Beckinsale is aware of all the fan art that was created over the years imagining them in the role . “ There 's also a very big alternate universe where I 'm Catwoman . There 's a lot of that , ” they said .
View photos Kate Beckinsale as Wonder Woman in fan art ( Photo : Pinterest ) More
But that actor does n't appear fully at ease with the type of adulation that comes from fan armies of Comic-Con-centric fare . “ I was just at some comic convention the other weekend , and the number of people who 've got a tattoo of my face , I mean , what an extraordinary commitment , ” they said . “ That 's the wildest thing , especially because I grew up not expecting to do movies like this one . That is a real head-spinner . Like yeah , I think that 's good ?
“ It makes you want to apologize for some reason , like , ‘ Oh , god , I 'm so sorry , what have you done that for ? ' ” One fan even had Beckinsale sign underneath a tattoo , then subsequently turned that signature into a tat . “ I did n't realize that they were going to get that tattooed as well otherwise I would 've done much neater handwriting , ” they laughed .
Beckinsale wrapped up their four-film , decade-and-a-half run as Selene with last year 's Underworld : Blood Wars but says she 'd be game for more action… even if they detest to what it takes to stay in action shape . “ I always am [ in shape ] . But you know you get a little but more anxious if you 've got a skin-tight suit and got to jump off a building . You step up the cardio a bit , ” they said . “ I hate working out by the way , I hate it . I like sitting down and reading . ”
UPDATE 5 : Asda is selling the PS4 Mega bundle for an attractive £439 - that 's just £10 more than an Xbox One .
The PS4 Mega bundle includes a PS4 , Killzone : Shadow Fall , two DualShock 4 controllers and the PlayStation Camera .
There 's a catch , though . As an Asda employee who notified Eurogamer of the offer this afternoon pointed out , the bundle is only available to those who pre-ordered the console before 5th August and use a code , which will be sent out soon .
Asda is selling all three official PS4 bundles : PS4 with Watch Dogs , PS4 with Killzone ( both £385 each ) , and the asupervisorstioned Mega bundle . The 5th August pre-order cut-off applies to them all .
UPDATE 4 : And now Amazon has begun emailing PS4 pre-order customers offering them the chance to upgrade to a range of bundles .
Customers are being contacted in the order in which they placed their PS4 pre-order and given a choice of the bundles , or they can keep their existing console order .
The cut-off date to take advantage of the upgrade offer is 16th October 2013 . You can of course keep your existing order for the PS4 .
Like other UK shops , Amazon is selling the PS4 `` Mega Bundle '' , which includes a PS4 , two DualShock 4 controllers , the PlayStation Camera and a copy of Killzone : Shadow Fall for £449 . The available bundles are on Amazon.co.uk .
UPDATE 3 : ShopTo has begun contacting PS4 pre-order customers offering them the chance to upgrade to the `` Mega Bundle '' .
ShopTo is selling the bundle , which includes a PS4 , Killzone : Shadow Fall , two DualShock controllers and the new PlayStation Camera , for £449.86 , just a few pence cheaper than GAME .
`` ShopTo is pleased to announce that we have started sending out e-mails to the lucky customers who are eligible to swap to the PS4 'Mega Bundle ' , '' reads a statement on the ShopTo website . `` So keep an eye on your inbox .
`` If you do n't receive an e-mail today all is not lost ! We 're sending in batches and more will become available as swap offers are rejected . ''
UPDATE 2 : As Eurogamer revealed yesterday , retailers have begun alerting those who pre-ordered a PlayStation 4 about the new official bundle options that are available to them .
First off the bat is GAME . It 's offering an upgrade to the PS4 mega bundle , which includes the console , Killzone Shadow Fall , a second DualShock 4 controller and the PlayStation Camera for £449.99 - that 's £21 more expensive than an Xbox One .
Yesterday Sony UK boss Fergal Gara told Eurogamer they expected retailers to sell the bundle for £10 either side of Microsoft 's Xbox One UK price , so GAME 's offer comes in a little expensive .
Also available is a PS4 with Killzone bundle for £399.99 , and a PS4 with Watch Dogs , also for £399.99 . The PS4 on its own costs £349 in the UK .
We expect other retailers will update their customers in due course . If you receive an email about this , let us know in the comments below , and we 'll add the various prices .
UPDATE 1 : Sony has revealed new detail on its Killzone Shadow Fall PlayStation 4 bundle , which will actually be available in two different flavours .
You can get a PlayStation 4 console and physical copy of the game for €439 ( roughly £369 , final RRP TBA ) , as well as the PS4/Killzone/Camera/Extra DualShock 4 variant mentioned below , which will cost €499 ( roughly £420 ) .
Sony told Eurogamer earlier today at EGX 2013 that the bundle would be available for around a tenner either side of Xbox One 's basic £429 offering .
ORIGINAL STORY : Sony will release the eye-catching PlayStation 4 bundle leaked on Amazon last month in the UK , Eurogamer can exclusively reveal .
In August Amazon France listed a PS4 bundle that includes a number of extra items for the same price as Xbox One in Europe .
The bundle costs €499 - the same as Microsoft 's European Xbox One price - which translates to around £427 . In the UK the Xbox One costs £429 .
Included in the box is a copy of PS4-exclusive launch title Killzone Shadow Fall , two DualShock 4 controllers and the PlayStation Camera . Internally Sony calls this the `` mega bundle '' .
That 's compared to Microsoft 's offering , which includes FIFA 14 when you pre-order the bundle , Kinect and an Xbox One controller .
Bought separately , the bundle 's contents would cost £503 when purchased together from Amazon at time of publication ( £349 for the PS4 console , £55 for the PlayStation Camera , £54 for a second DualShock 4 and £45 for Killzone : Shadow Fall ) . That 's roughly a £70 saving .
`` I can officially confirm that the answer is yes [ Sony will bring the bundle to the UK ] , '' Sony UK boss Fergal Gara told Eurogamer today at the Eurogamer Expo .
`` It 'll be similarly benchmarked in euro equivalent . PlayStation 4 is £349 and €399 , so it will be the same equivalent .
`` It will be no more than a tenner either way [ of the Xbox One £429 UK price ] depending on what conversation rate we use on the given day . ''
Sony will announce several new PS4 bundles tomorrow , Eurogamer understands . The company has told UK retailers to alert those who have pre-ordered PS4 that they now have the option to upgrade to one of these .
`` It [ the mega bundle ] is in limited volume , and therefore it is probably going to go mainly to current pre-order customers , then follow-up volume may well be post-Christmas , '' Gara added .
`` But there are other bundles that also represent incredibly good value . It 's not just about having a good base price . We want to offer value in every way we can .
`` Starting yesterday , our retail partners are contacting their pre-order customers in order , so starting with the first , working up to when they run out of that special bundle , saying , we now have clarity on exactly what PlayStation 4 bundles we have to offer for day one . Would you like option A , B , C or D ?
`` Everybody who has pre-ordered in the expectation they 're getting just the PS4 , including the DualShock 4 and the headset - the basic configuration . But as we 've worked through the details and worked through the options we 've come up with some great bundle offers . And it is only fair the first people in the queue get first chance to get that .
`` It 's a brilliant thing to do for the gamer . In theory there could be some free on day one , but I think it 's unlikely , because the people in that queue are going to say yes please . ''
Industrial bread production is based on speed , scale and uniformity . To supply this system , industrially grown grain is limited to a few , highly controlled varieties . But greater diversity would make grain crops more adaptable and therefore more sustainable in the long run . How are some plant breeders , farmers , millers and bakers retracing the path to ancient , diverse grains that will see us eating healthier , tastier bread into the future ?
All grain was once grass
Some 10,000 years ago , hunter gatherers began to eat different grasses to supplement their diet of berries , nuts , meat and fish . Over time , they domesticated some of these grasses through careful cultivation . In their book Six Thousand Years of Bread , H.E . Jacob describes how early man transformed the “ wild grain into a domestic animal ” . So began thousands of years of humans working with the environment to grow grain that could adapt to different climates and soils . However , with the onset of industrial farming in the early 20th century ‘ ancient grains ' , as they are now called , and the knowledge developed with them , became a thing of the past .
Diversity creates stability
Dr Philippa Ryan is an archeobotanist at The British Museum who specialises in studying ancient grains and understanding why some varieties might have been forgotten or lost while others were encouraged . At the Oxford Food Forum | Future of Food 's recent conference , they spoke about how Sudanese farmers have an historic capacity to adapt to changes in climate , technology and the economy . This resilience is due in large part to their diverse use of established grains such as pearl millet , sorghum , barley and wheat , which have been adapted over time .
Them research project called Care for the Future : Thinking Forward Through the Past aims to find out “ how present-day and ancient peoples have found solutions for coping with a risky environment ” . They believe that varieties and crop diversity play a major part in these solutions .
The industrial process of food production treats food as a commodity within large-scale systems , which are unstable and in constant need of intervention and adjustment . Each time a pathogen or pest threatens a crop , each time a plant is bred for yield and not for variation , the solutions are short term and industrial .
Professor Martin Wolfe is a plant pathologist and principal scientific advisor at Organic Research Centre , Elm Farm and farmer at Wakelyns Farm . Wakelyns is growing a variety of crops organically , developing sustainable energy sources , and growing and milling wheat grain at its agroforestry farm in North Suffolk . When I met Wolfe at the farm they explained the legal , economic and environmental background to plant breeding , which they have been involved in during a 50-year career as a plant pathologist .
They believe that the lack of wheat seed varieties available for farmers to buy is characteristic of “ [ an ] industrial bread based on lack of diversity ” . The industrial values of high yield and ease of milling are seen as more important than crop resilience and diversity : pesticides , fungicides and scientific hybridisation can solve the challenges posed by pests , disease and environmental conditions . But is this approach sustainable or good for our health ?
Wolfe is optimistic about a recent temporary change in European Union ( EU ) legislation that encourages and supports non-industrial organic breeders and farmers to grow heritage grains by providing “ opportunities for exploiting heritage varieties , composite cross populations ( now marketable as part of an EU-wide marketing experiment ) and organically bred European varieties for use in UK organic agriculture ” .
Wolfe now has a commercial farm in West Suffolk growing the varieties they have bred , aiming to produce flour from “ a diverse crop that has emerged from a wide range of carefully chosen parent plants . [ This is ] intended to meet the demands of climate change , ” says the label on a Wakelyn 's bag of flour .
Is milling a craft or a science ?
Nigel Barratt , Chairman of the Woodbridge Tide Mill , believes that to produce healthy and tasty flour both craft and science are needed . The mill sits on the river Deben in East Suffolk and demonstrates how sustainable energy can be used to power the production of up to 10 tonnes of local flour per year . In their talk , ‘ Is milling a craft or a science ? ' at the annual National Mills Weekend in May , Barratt explained that Tide Mill flour has nothing added and nothing taken away as the grain is slowly stone milled and kept cool enough for nutrients and minerals to remain in the flour . Industrial steel roller milling is faster and hotter , which means four essential natural nutrients are removed in the reduction process and have to be added back in to comply with legislation .
Barratt 's knowledge and care in producing flour with a team of trustees and volunteers was in stark contrast to the industrial milling and bread making shown on a recent BBC2 programme . Here , milling and baking relied on uniform wheat , sugar fed yeast , additives , high speed and increased rising times in the mass produced Chorleywood bread process , which is all science and no craft .
“ Time is my main ingredient ”
Non-industrial bakers , whether they describe themselves as traditional , craft or artisan , recognise the importance of time in the bread-making process . This key belief was echoed by Suffolk artisan baker Martin Clarke when I asked them their thoughts on sustainable and healthy bread . They use the Tide Mill flour , water and a little yeast to make their wholemeal , wood-oven baked loaves , but their main ingredient , they say , “ is time ” . They believe it is the way we mill and transport grain and flour on a large and fast industrial scale that are the main challenges to a sustainable bread future .
The award-winning Woodbridge Cake Shop Bakery in Suffolk is run by Peter Wright and their five children . Andrea Wright is the eldest and heads the third generation in the family baking business . I spoke to Andrea about the bakery 's carefully selected quality range of 18 different bread flours . They bake a distinctive 72-hour sourdough bread , a spelt loaf , a range of gluten-free cakes , savouries and other ancient recipe loaves such as Saxon Rye bread using flours from heritage grains . These include Tide Mill flour and combinations of rye , spelt , barley and corn flours . The Wrights are part of an efflorescence of bakers returning to traditional bread-making processes and using a wide diversity of heritage grains .
Ben McKinnon of E5 Bakehouse in London is at the heart of a resurgence in the use of heritage grains . They explained to me that baking bread is exciting , inventive and an “ opportunity for putting sustainability into action ” . This holistic philosophy runs through every aspect of the bakery from using a wood-fire oven and bicycles to make deliveries , to milling grain on-site and using quality local and organic ingredients with known provenance . They take the integrity of E5 Bakehouse bread seriously and is continually learning , adapting , improving and extending their skills , recipes and range of ingredients . Popular loaves such as the Hackney Wild , Wholemeal Miche and Seeded Rye , along with new arrivals such as flatbreads and sprouted loaves , use diverse heritage grains such as amaranth . During the weekend of 24th–25th October , E5 Bakehouse is running a Farm to Loaf event with talks and conversations related to sustainability and health .
The final part of retracing the diversity path is done by the consumer . It is vital to challenge a “ highly vulnerable system ” , as Evan Fraser and Andrew Rimas put it in their book Empires of Food , and to eat in a non-industrial way , as exemplified by the Slow Food movement . Taking time , effort and care is an important part of eating sustainably . It is also essential for supporting the organic plant breeders , small-scale farmers , millers and bakers who have opted out of the industrial system to produce a sustainable future for bread and to ensure it is the wholesome , healthy staple food it should be .
Photographs : Justin Partyka
Onyx Path 's 2014 Top 10 List ( Part 1 ) [ Monday Meeting Notes ]
Monday Meeting
As promised last week , here are the first five items on our Onyx Path 2014 Top Ten List :
10 ) Onyx Path tripled its full-time employees . Yep , there 's three of us . That 's been our punchline , but it remains a huge jump for us to hire employees . Regardless of how well our Kickstarters go , or how excited folks get for a particular book , the tabletop RPG business is still so small that most publishers either have other types of games besides paper RPGs they are successful with , or they do this as a part time gig . Thanks to you all for giving us the support that enabled this to happen this year !
9 ) We expanded the kinds of products we could offer this year . Books , including deluxe editions and PDFs and PoDs , we can do . Onyx was set up as a company optimized to create game books , that 's where the vast amount of our experience lies , and is structured as a business to then feed those book files into online sales channels . As visual creators , we can do more sorts of projects , but we need the sales venues to then get the projects to all of you . This last year , we added cards and posters via DTRPG ( DriveThruCards , actually ) , and T-shirts and other t-shirty things via RedBubble . We have a ton of shirts up and keep adding more than Mirthful Mike and Impish Ian can manage , are looking at more ways to use cards in tabletop games , and are going to add more posters to the list as next year rolls along . We will continue to look for good partners for other sorts of projects next year , as well .
8 ) The Exalted 3rd Edition art buy got started , and almost finished , this year . I know this sounds really minor , because after all Mirthful Mike does art direction for at least two books a month , but it was actually a big step . Part of what Exalted brings to us is a very different kind of visual style , and to make sure we used the illustrations to emphasize that EX3 is a very new look at Exalted indeed , I asked Mighty Maria Cabardo to try and find us new artists from around the world to illustrate it . But since neither they nor the artists were necessarily familiar with Exalted ( it wound up that a few of them were , actually ! ) , it was an ongoing learning process that required a lot of back and forth between them and myself and the Devs . And , of course , part of the reason this is on the list is the fact that we could n't start the art buying until the text was in a sufficient state of completeness : which meant the book was light-years closer to being finished than at the start of the year . So any way you look at it , the EX3 art buy was a milestone for a major project for us .
7 ) Your stories of the impact our games ( both Onyx Path and White Wolf ones ) have had on your lives . As our social media presence has expanded and more and more people have been let in on what Onyx Path is all about , we 've received amazing and heartening stories from you talking about how our work has changed your lives . This is so huge for us , particularly in the sea of often hyper-critical messaging that has been rife this past year , and really gives us the kind of lift a creator needs to keep trying to make something special . If you are a regular reader of this blog ( and really , you should be ) you 'll already have read some of these stories in the comments sections , or maybe shared one yourself . Here is a link to Black Hat Matt McFarland 's Promethean 2nd Edition blog featuring one email I got late last week describing the impact Promethean : the Created has had on one fellow 's life and Matt 's reactions to it : http : //theonyxpath.com/learning-how-to-be-a-person/ It is amazing , and to me it really illustrates why I still feel that what we are striving for with our projects is something far more than an easy-to-read game . We are striving for art , because art changes us , and stories such as these confirm that sometimes we do get awful close to that goal .
6 ) We started creating the nWoD Second Edition core books . As mentioned elsewhere and at the Gen Con panel this year , we got the OK from CCP to do what I considered to be sorely needed : 2nd Editions of the nWoD game lines . Eight years is a long time between editions , and our creators had a lot of chances during that time to consider how they would reconfigure those lines . Blood & Smoke : the Strix Chronicle was repackaged as Vampire : the Requiem 2nd Edition , and has served as a model for how we can handle both the nWoD Core Book 2nd Edition , and the upcoming Werewolf : the Forsaken and Mage : the Awakening 2nd Editions , and more . This will be huge for giving new players a clear idea of what book they need in order to start playing as they page through DTRPG . And creatively it feels great to make the changes we 've been thinking about for so long . So great , in fact , that we need to share it with you . First , the PDF and physical copy PoD versions of Vampire ; the Requiem 2nd Edition will go on sale at DTRPG on Weds the 24th ( Santa 's little gift for you ) , but wait , there 's more !
Then , we have two Holiday Sales that you can opt into : From Christmas Day morning ( the 25th ) until Monday morning on the 29th , all Onyx Path and White Wolf PoD book prices will be reduced 15 % , which is pretty much “ at cost ” for most of our books . This even includes VtR 2nd as mentioned above ! Then , if you are a member of our Onyx Path Mailing List ( look to the right on this page to sign up ) we will be providing you with a 20 % off code for all PDFs at DTRPG in the Wednesday sales email we send out . This is our way here at the end of the year of saying thank you to all of you without whom we could not have had a year worth making a Top Ten List for !
Ho ho ho !
DEVELOPMENT STATUS FROM ROLLICKING ROSE ( Projects in bold have changed listings )
First Draft ( The first phase of a project that is about the work being done by writers , not dev prep )
W20 Pentex Employee Indoctrination Handbook ( Werewolf : the Apocalypse 20th Anniversary Edition )
M20 Book of Secrets ( Mage : the Ascension 20th Anniversary Edition )
Cursed Necropolis : Rio ( Mummy : the Curse )
Secrets of the Covenants ( Vampire : The Requiem 2nd Edition ) – In Open Development
Wraith : the Oblivion 20th Anniversary Edition
V20 Black Hand : Guide to the Tal'Mahe'Ra ( Vampire : the Masquerade 20th Anniversary Edition ) – In Open Development
Exalted 3rd Novel by Matt Forbeck ( Exalted 3rd Edition )
W20 Changing Ways ( Werewolf : the Apocalypse 20th Anniversary Edition )
Demon Storytellers ' Guide ( Demon : the Descent )
Beckett 's Jyhad Diary ( Vampire : the Masquerade 20th Anniversary Edition )
“ Sardonyx ” System Rules ( Base rules set for Scion and the Trinity Continuum )
Redlines
Mummy Fiction Anthology ( Mummy : the Curse )
Arms of the Chosen ( Exalted 3rd Edition )
W20 Shattered Dreams ( Werewolf : the Apocalypse 20th Anniversary Edition )
Mage : the Awakening 2nd Edition , featuring the Fallen World Chronicle ( Mage : the Awakening ) – In Open Development
W20 Novel by Mike Lee ( Werewolf : the Apocalypse 20th Anniversary Edition )
Beast : the Primordial core book ( Beast : The Primordial )
Second Draft
Exalted 3rd Fiction Anthology ( Exalted 3rd Edition )
Development
V20 Red List ( Vampire : the Masquerade 20th Anniversary Edition )
V20 Ghouls ( Vampire : the Masquerade 20th Anniversary Edition )
World of Darkness Dark Eras- Vampire chapter ( WoD Dark Eras )
Fallen World Chronicle Fiction Anthology ( Mage : the Awakening )
Promethean : the Created 2nd Edition , featuring the Firestorm Chronicle ( Promethean : the Created )
Editing
V20 Lore of the Clans ( Vampire : the Masquerade 20th Anniversary Edition )
Sothis Ascends ( Mummy : the Curse )
M20 How do you DO that ? ( Mage : the Ascension 20th Anniversary Edition )
Development ( post-editing )
World of Darkness Dark Eras core book ( WoD Dark Eras )
Werewolf : the Forsaken 2nd Edition , featuring the Idigam Chronicle ( Werewolf : the Forsaken )
Exalted 3rd Edition core book- From Holden : “ Almost done . Thought I 'd have it ready to send by now , but I have barely been in the house through the first half of the week due to holiday family stuff , and then during the second half everyone got laid low by Ye Olde Yearly Holiday Cold. ” ( Exalted 3rd Edition )
ART DIRECTION FROM MIRTHFUL MIKE
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS , MO ( KTVI ) -- The mysterious case of a missing attorney , deepens . St. Louis County Police say they ` re currently investigating the disappearance of Jeff Witt . Witt is known for turning in their former client , the convicted Clayton garage bomber .
Jeff Witt ` s ex-wife filed an official missing persons report on November 22nd . No one has reported seeing the father of five since then . Clients started reporting problems months earlier , problems so severe that police tracked down Witt at their home to make sure they were still alive . That was on October 25th .
One of the last known pictures of Witt is a mug shot . Clayton Police reported arresting Witt October 14th for driving under the influence of a controlled substance . Witt ` s family doesn ` t think thatarrest has anything to do with their disappearance .
Dawn Upton was stunned by our initial report , last Friday , involving Witt ` s stranded cases . Upton said , `` I just happened to walk by the TVand I saw you and saw their name and just said oh my god , that ` s my lawyer . ''
Upton hired Witt to fight criminal charges they face in Lincoln County , including assault . They told me , `` My freedom is on the line . I have two kids at home a husband . ''
She ` s not afraid to talk about it , saying she ` s not only the victim , but they can also prove it in court . Upton added , `` I kind of feel like I haven ` t been heard at all . You know nobody has taken the time to listen to my side , and that ` s why I was really happy with Jeff because they actually took the time to listen . ''
They said Witt didn ` t show up to an important court hearing , and now she ` s not sure what ` s going to happen . She ` s one of dozens . Clients are now calling Fox 2 wondering about their cases . They can ` t get their filesand they 've paid thousands of dollars . The office of Chief Disciplinary Counsel is now investigating , and it generated a near 128 page court document outlining 58 cases in disarray . Today the Supreme Court of Missouri suspended Witt from practicing law , because of it .
Witt ` s web site , advertising ` protection against the raw hand of the law , ` remains active . Their phones are disconnected , and their office doors are locked . Several eyewitnesses report people with keys coming and going with files , at strange times .
A good friend of Witt ` s , who does not want to be identified , says their main concern is finding their friend , even though they also have an active case in danger . Again , Witt is the father of five kids . Their ex-wife reported them missing the Friday before Thanksgiving . St. Louis County Police are investigating .
Former clients can contact Attorney Kenneth Carp to retrieve their old files . The Courts appointed Carp to take over some cases and help with abandoned files . You can contact Carp by calling them at 314-942-3005 or through one of their web-sites http : //www.kcarplaw.com , http : //www.unemploymentlawfirm.com , www.stlouistrafficticketlawfirm.com or www.injurylawyerstlmo.com .
Clients report attorney Jeff Witt missing
Join Chris on Twitter http : //twitter.com/ChrisHayesTV
Facebook http : //www.facebook.com/ChrisHayesTV
DALLAS -- The City of Dallas confirmed an apparent hacking triggered emergency sirens to sound across the Dallas area Friday night into early Saturday morning .
In a brief news conference , Rocky Vaz , the city 's emergency management director , called it a rare incident . Earlier , the city reported the system had malfunctioned .
Although the city says it determined how the system was hacked , they continue to investigate who did it .
`` For security reasons , we can not discuss the details of how this was done , but we do believe that the hack came from the Dallas area . We have notified the FCC for assistance in identifying the source of this hack . We are putting in safeguards to ensure this type of hack does not happen again , '' the city said in a news release .
All of the 156 outdoor warning sirens in the city of Dallas went off , the first one happened at about 11:42 p.m . The sounds kept many residents awake and concerned . Other surrounding cities ' sirens did not go off despite earlier reports , the city said .
WFAA viewers began reporting the sirens at around 11:44 p.m. Friday .
According to Dallas PIO director Sana Syed , there was no emergency or weather alert .
Crews worked to manually shut down the sirens , but warned it could take up to 3 hours for a complete shutdown to occur , according to a city statement .
WFAA viewers reported sirens sounding in other communities besides Dallas . Officials urged residents not to call 911 .
Surrounding cities also reported hearing sirens , but officials confirmed only the sirens in Dallas were triggered . Later Saturday morning , Garland Police sent out a tweet to clarify the situation .
`` The city of Garland has determined that it 's outdoor warning sirens did not sound during the night last night . We had no malfunction . '' — Garland Police PIO ( @ GarlandPD ) April 8 , 2017
The city also reminded residents that they may hear sirens again as engineers determine if the system is functioning properly . `` Right now , our priority is to work on reactivating our system . We wo n't know the health of our sirens until we reactivate the system . We ask residents to be patient with us in case the sirens sound again during re-activation and please do not call 911 or 311 for concerns about sirens , '' the city said in a news release .
Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings described the incident as `` an attack on our emergency notification system . '' Mayor Rawlings posted on their Facebook page about the need for a better security infrastructure .
`` This is yet another serious example of the need for us to upgrade and better safeguard our city 's technology infrastructure . It 's a costly proposition , which is why every dollar of taxpayer money must be spent with critical needs such as this in mind . Making the necessary improvements is imperative for the safety of our citizens , '' Mayor Rawlings said .
Copyright 2016 WFAA
Last week 's Team Member build of Project CARS has added no less than five new tracks to the title and our talented screenshot artists have put the new content to good use instantly .
What happens if you supply a highly-talented community with loads of quality content ? Check out yourself below as the new Community Gallery is packed with Project CARS eye candy .
All 30 screenshots show purely unedited in-game footage using in-game tools such as the depth-of-field editor and the free-roam camera that allow screenshot makers to create stunning shots without any post processing or artificial filters .
Like what you see ? Then pick up your jaw off the floor and start experiencing Project CARS yourself today . All cars & tracks seen above are instantly available for members to try – Join now and you ` ll be experience the glory of Project CARS within minutes .
Simply join WMD and become a member to get access to regular development builds and to follow the development of Project CARS up close in our busy WMD forum where you can talk to our development team and help shape the title 's development .
Also , do n't forget to subscribe to the RSS feed and follow Project CARS & Slightly Mad Studios on Twitter .
SCREENSHOTS BY TJC , REMCO VAN DIJK , ECLAP78 , HELLFIRE , WIZZA , KELNOR34 , SIMON KAMINSKI , PRESHA , BENBUJA , MORGAN HENSTRIDGE , MANUEL STAGGL , DARKDEUS , ALEKSSS , STRESS8ALL & GKSDLQQ
( CNN ) Actress Kate del Castillo is under investigation on suspicion of money laundering in Mexico , the nation 's attorney general told a leading Mexican newspaper in an interview published Tuesday .
A Mexican government official confirmed the investigation to CNN .
Del Castillo , a dual citizen of Mexico and the United States , has not been charged with any crime and so far has only been called to give a statement to investigators , Attorney General Arely Gomez told El Universal
The two-pronged investigation -- into the actor 's links to drug lord Joaquin `` El Chapo '' Guzman and into the finances of their boutique tequila brand , Honor Del Castillo -- will determine if drug money went to them business .
There are indications that El Chapo provided illicit funds for del Castillo 's tequila business , Gomez told the newspaper , but the links have not been proved .
`` Even where there are indications , we need legal certainty , '' Gomez told El Universal .
Investigators are looking into communications between the actor , Guzman and their lawyer that included comments like `` we 're in business '' and `` we 're in this together , '' Gomez said .
Secret meeting with the fugitive
Guzman , the leader of the powerful Sinaloa drug cartel , is behind bars . They were arrested this month after an escape from a maximum-security prison that embarrassed the Mexican government .
JUST WATCHED Code of silence reigns in 'El Chapo ' birthplace Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Code of silence reigns in 'El Chapo ' birthplace 02:13
But before El Chapo was recaptured , they had a secret meeting with del Castillo and actor Sean Penn in a Mexican jungle . Mexican authorities later said that they were tracking the two actors and that their meeting with the drug capo ultimately led to their capture .
Most of the attention after Guzman 's arrest has been on Penn 's role and the article they penned for Rolling Stone magazine about their interview with the fugitive kingpin .
But it is del Castillo , who brokered the meeting , who is wanted for questioning by Mexican investigators .
Penn , the attorney general told El Universal , is not being investigated by Mexican authorities .
Del Castillo has been mostly silent since Guzman 's arrest , but they recently thanked their supporters on Twitter .
`` Not surprisingly , many have chosen to make up items they think will make good stories and that are n't truthful . I look forward to sharing my story with you , '' the actor said .
CNN has reached out to del Castillo for comment .
Investigation focused on tequila , not movies
Part of the reason for the meeting in the jungle was that del Castillo wanted to tell Guzman 's story in a movie .
The attorney general said that their office is not interested in the movie-making plans , but in del Castillo 's tequila business and whether they received drug money .
`` We have an investigation into the tequila angle ; we are not investigating their plans to make a movie , '' Gomez told El Universal . `` Our investigation is focused . ''
Del Castillo is not required to travel to Mexico to give a statement ; they have the option of giving it at their nearest Mexican Consulate , Gomez said .
if you use the handcart and give it to Atlas it will also mark their location fyi
Hundreds of people gathered Thursday night at the Capitol to stand in solidarity with American Indian tribes protesting the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline .
Starting at 6 p.m. Thursday , four separate groups marched from four different locations across Denver and converged on the Capitol .
There were several speakers at the peaceful protest that included singing , dancing and tribal members wearing ceremonial clothing .
Yolanda Williams brought their grandchildren to the event .
“ I wanted my grandchildren to be here to understand the importance of this , not just for natives but for everybody , ” Williams said .
Since April , tribal members of the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation and others have protested the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline . A company called Energy Transfer is building the $ 3.7 billion , 1,170-mile long pipeline that will stretch from North Dakota across four states to refineries in Illinois .
Protestors want to protect the Missouri River from the pipeline that will travel beneath it , and they 're concerned construction will destroy sacred burial grounds . Earlier this week , protestors clashed with private security near a construction site as bulldozers passed over what protestors said was sacred ground .
Sign up for the 9NEWSLETTER Thank You Something went wrong . This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning . Thank You for signing up for the 9NEWSLETTER Please try again later .
Submit
“ Sacred is sacred , ” Williams said . “ I do n't care what they say . Those are our ancestors they just dug up . That was very brutal for us to ingest . ”
On Tuesday , a federal judge in Washington , D.C. ordered a temporary stop to construction along a section of the Dakota Access Pipeline . The judge is expected to rule on an injunction Friday that would halt construction .
Some in the crowd gathered in Denver Thursday night said they planned to join the protest in North Dakota . Williams said she 'd be making the trip sometime next week .
“ This is a history-making event , ” Williams explained . “ It 's my last chance to do something for my people , for my children , for my grandchildren , for other people 's grandchildren . ”
Copyright 2016 KUSA
JERUSALEM ( Reuters ) - After a century of searching , archaeologists say they have found the remnants of an ancient Greek fortress once a center of power in Jerusalem and a stronghold used to hold off a Jewish rebellion celebrated in the scriptural Book of the Maccabees .
Members of the media and workers from Israel 's antiquity authority stand at a site that archaeologists say contains the remnants of an ancient Greek fortress , outside the walled Old City of Jerusalem November 3 , 2015 . REUTERS/Ronen Zvulun
Researchers have long debated over the location of the Acra , built more than 2,000 years ago by Antiochus Epiphanes , king of the Hellenised Seleucid empire . Many asserted it stood in what is now Jerusalem 's walled Old City , at spots like the Church of the Holy Sepulchre or by the hilltop where two Jewish temples once towered and which now houses the Al Aqsa mosque compound .
But the remains unearthed by the Israel Antiquities Authority and made public on Tuesday are outside the walls , overlooking a valley to the south , an area where archaeologists say Jerusalem construction was concentrated under the biblical King David .
Antiochus , who lived from 215-164 BC , chose the spot for the Acra in order to control the city and monitor activity in the Jewish temple , said Doron Ben-Ami , who led the excavation .
With an estimated length of up to 250 meters ( yards ) and 60 meters in width , it would have dominated the countryside .
Beneath what a decade ago was a paved parking lot , Ben-Ami 's team sifted through an artificial hill made of layers of earth left behind by successive cultures .
In one area they uncovered stones from a section of a massive wall , the base of a tower and a sloping defensive embankment that nearby artifacts like coins and wine jug handles suggest date to the period of Antiochus .
Lead sling stones and bronze arrowheads from the period were also found , perhaps left over from battles between pro-Greek forces and Jewish rebels trying to take over the fortress .
“ This is a rare example of how rocks , coins and dirt can come together in a single archaeological story that addresses specific historical realities from the city of Jerusalem , ” Ben-Ami said .
The Acra 's location was referred to vaguely in at least two ancient texts - the Book of Maccabees , which tells of the rebellion , and a written record by historian Josephus Flavius .
Historians tell how the rebels , lead by Judas Maccabeus , took back Jerusalem from the Greeks , a victory marked in the Jewish festival Hannukah . But the Acra held out until rebels under Judas ' brother , Simon , later lay siege and forced its surrender .
Petroleum Resource Rent Tax concessions under the microscope ahead of May budget
Updated
Oil and gas companies could lose some of their generous tax deductions following a review of the Petroleum Resource Rent Tax ( PRRT ) .
Key points Despite LNG boom , only $ 800 million raised through PRRT
Government review looking at generous deductions for exploration costs
Woodside CEO says current rates are reasonable
Amid concerns that revenue from the PRRT has flatlined at just over $ 800 million a year — less than half its peak of more than $ 2 billion in 2000-01 — there is new focus on the tax treatment of project costs .
Under current rules , oil and gas companies with PRRT liabilities can deduct their exploration costs , indexed at the long-term bond rate plus 15 per cent .
At that rate , the value of the deduction doubles every four years , and exploration costs are deducted only after development and construction costs are first recovered .
Labor unlikely to oppose changes
Senior sources have told 7.30 that a view is developing inside Government that this arrangement is too generous and could be scaled back in the May budget .
It is understood the ability of oil and gas companies to transfer enormous deductions between projects may also face new restrictions , and the definition of allowable deductions possibly tightened .
With the resource sector warning against changes to the PRRT regime , Labor has signalled it would be unlikely to oppose a move to increase the tax take on oil and gas companies .
Australian Petroleum Production & Exploration Association chief executive Malcolm Roberts said the PRRT was working as intended .
`` The PRRT is a super profits tax so obviously businesses do n't pay a super profits tax when they 're not making profits and in the last 18 months or so we 've seen a sharp fall in the global oil and gas price and that 's flowed through to the profitability of our companies , '' they said .
'We 're essentially giving them away free '
Jason Ward from the Tax Justice Network said Australia was not getting a fair return for its resources .
`` In fact , we 're essentially giving them away free to the world 's largest multinational corporations , '' Mr Ward said .
Their organisation wants five offshore LNG projects slapped with a royalty in the same way the North West Shelf project and onshore gas projects are taxed .
`` The North West Shelf pays a 10 per cent royalty , the gas projects in Queensland that are up and running now are paying a 10 per cent royalty to the state of Queensland , '' they said .
`` We estimate that if we do that again it levels the playing field , it creates a fair system so that all companies are competing on the same basis .
`` We estimate that that will bring in about $ 4 to $ 6 billion over the next four years . ''
'Puzzling time to have a review of a taxation system '
Woodside chief executive Peter Coleman says so-called `` uplift '' rates of interest on deductible project costs are reasonable .
`` The uplift rate actually reflects the return that companies in the oil and gas industry need to make , '' they said .
`` So over time those sorts of returns are in the order of 12 to 15 per cent .
`` That recognises the risks that companies take in their investments , whether there 's cost over-runs or there are fluctuations in pricing .
`` Today we 're in one of those fluctuations , pricing is at a low , it 's half of what it was two years ago , the industry is really hurting at this point .
`` So it 's a puzzling time to have a review of a taxation system at a point in time when many governments in the world are in fact looking to incentivise industry to invest . ''
Topics : oil-and-gas , federal-government , tax , budget , australia
First posted
NAMA 2016 Shenandoah Foray
Registration is full . See you in Virginia !
Please join us for the NAMA 2016 Shenandoah Foray located in the unique environment of the bio-regions of the Blue Ridge Mountains and the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia . Attendance is limited to 350 , and the Foray is likely to sell out . So be sure to register as soon as you can . We will be stationed at the Northern Virginia 4-H Center just minutes from Shenandoah National Park and the Appalachian Trail . Come explore the rolling hills , mountain streams , and hardwood forests that make this region beloved to so many -- and find out why they say Virginia is for ( mushroom ) lovers !
Our chief mycologist will be Walt Sturgeon , well-known field mycologist and author . The foray hosted by The Mycological Association of Washington DC and the New River Valley Mushroom Club .
Lodging and Transportation
The Northern Virginia 4-H Center is located just outside Front Royal , VA . Foray participants have a choice of several lodging options at the Center :
Private rooms , with or without air conditioning ( note : as of 5/23 , all private rooms are filled )
: as of 5/23 , all private rooms are filled ) Dorm rooms , shared with up to 5 other participants ; or
Camping in the 4-H Center athletic field .
Participants also have the option to arrange their own lodging in Front Royal , and pay a commuter rate that covers food and registration . We are holding a block of rooms at the Quality Inn Skyline Drive ( $ 67/night plus tax ) , which can be reserved by calling ( 540 ) 635-3161 .
The basic package for the foray includes 3 nights ( Thursday , Friday , and Saturday ) and 9 meals ( Thursday dinner through Sunday lunch ) . You may choose to pay extra to arrive one day early and start meals with Wednesday dinner .
$ 249 shared room ( 3 nights + 9 meals )
$ 207 camping ( 3 nights + 9 meals )
$ 203 commuter/find your own lodging ( 9 meals )
$ 52 one day pass ( no lodging or meals )
For more information or for assistance with registration , please contact the Registrar , Connie Durnan : conniedurnan @ gmail.com or ( 202 ) 669-5740 .
If you need assistance with login and password to register , please contact Membership Secretary Steve Bichler at membership @ namyco.org .
In early September , average highs in Front Royal tend to be about 80°F , and average lows are in the mid-50s . Washington Dulles International Airport ( IAD ) is the closest major airport , about 60 miles away . You may wish to rent a car from the airport both for transportation to and from the 4H Center and to take advantage of all the sightseeing opportunities in the Shenandoah area . We encourage you to consider whether you might want to stay longer in the area – there 's so much to do ! In the Front Royal area , you can visit wineries and breweries , Civil War sites , and caverns – and there is always more to explore in the National Park . Washington , DC and its many sights and activities are about 90 minutes away .
Field Trips and Fungi
The foray will be collecting fungi primarily in Shenandoah National Park , in conjunction with the National Park Bioblitz program . The current species list for the park includes 380 fungi , and we hope to expand it with your help . We have worked with park staff to design a set of half-day and full-day field trips in diverse areas , all within a short drive of the 4-H Center . The foray will provide transportation to most field trips .
The grounds of the 4-H Center are also potential mushrooming territory , with habitats including fields , forest , streams , and stables . Access to the Appalachian Trail from the Center grounds will give foray participants limitless opportunities to explore without even getting in a vehicle .
In Virginia , mid-September is prime time for honey mushrooms , as highlighted in the foray logo . With luck we may find choice edibles like chanterelles , hen-of-the-woods , aborted entoloma , black trumpets , and chicken-of-the-woods .
We may also be lucky enough to find rare species that have been recorded in Shenandoah National Park , including Boletellus pseudochrysenteroides , Multifurca ochricompacta , Butyriboletus roseopurpureus , Terana coerulea , Entoloma roseum , Gliophorus perplexus , Entoloma euchroum , Atheniella adonis , Inocybe tahquamenonensis , Pholiota flammans , Leucopholiota decorosa , and Wolfina aurantiopsis .
Field trip information can be found by following this link
Foray Faculty
Walt Sturgeon will be chief mycologist for the Foray . Walt is a past president of the Ohio Mushroom Society , and recipient of NAMA 's Award for Contributions to Amateur Mycology and NEMF 's Eximia Award . They are author or co-author of Waxcap Mushrooms of Eastern North America , Mushrooms of Ohio , and Mushrooms and Other Fungi of the West Virginia High Country . They are also an award-winning photographer ; their pictures appear in many field guides .
Foray faculty will include more than 20 other speakers , field trip leaders , and identifiers ;
Catherine Aime , associate professor of botany and plant pathology at Purdue and director of the Purdue herbaria . Catherine is an expert in the systematics , evolution , and biology of rust fungi . Alan Bessette , mycologist and professor emeritus of biology at Utica College . Alan and their wife , Arleen , have authored more than 20 books , including Mushrooms of the Southeastern United States . Arleen Bessette , amateur mycologist , photographer , and dyer . With their husband , Alan , Arleen has authored more than 20 books including Rainbow Beneath My Feet : A Mushroom Dyer 's Field Guide . Michael Castellano , researcher at the U.S. Forest Service and associate professor at Oregon State University . Michael is an expert in the ecology and diversity of mycorrhizal fungi , particularly truffles . Tradd Cotter , owner of Mushroom Mountain , a mushroom farm and research laboratory in South Carolina . Tradd is author of the book Organic Mushroom Farming and Mycoremediation./td > Roy Halling , curator of mycology at the New York Botanical Garden . Roy works on mushroom systematics and mycogeography , with a particular focus on boletes . Mark Jones , CEO of Sharondale Mushroom Farm near Charlottesville , VA. Mark studies and teaches low-input mushroom growing and intercropping mushrooms in food forests . Jay Justice , co-founder of the Arkansas Mycological Society . Jay has studied the fungi of the southeast US for over 35 years . Ryan Kepler , researcher at USDA 's Systematic Mycology and Microbiology Laboratory . Patrick Leacock , NAMA 's Voucher Committee coordinator for the Foray . Patrick is a mycologist at the Field Museum of Natural History and is working to build a mycoflora for Chicago 's 1,200 species . James Lendemer , assistant curator of the Institute of Systematic Botany at the NY Botanical Garden . James is a lichen expert who has collected over 39,000 specimens for the NYBG and fungaria worldwide . Gary Lincoff , author of The Audubon Society Field Guide to North American Mushrooms and many other publications . Gary teaches courses on mushroom identification worldwide . Brian Looney , PhD candidate in ecology and evolutionary biology at the University of Tennessee-Knoxville . Brian is studying macroevolutionary patterns in the russulas . Shannon Nix , associate professor of biology at Clarion University . Shannon studies fungal ecosystems and teaches courses in mycology , microbiology , and electron microscopy . Conrad Schoch , a scientist at the National Center for Biotechnology Information at NIH . Conrad curates the fungal taxonomy at GenBank . Dorothy Smullen , former president of the New Jersey Mycological Association . Dorothy has nearly 50 years ' experience studying mushrooms . Rod Tulloss , editor of the website Amanitaceae.org . Rod curates a fungarium that includes thousands of amanita specimens . Debbie Viess , Co-Founder of the Bay Area Mycological Society , based in Oakland , CA . They love to teach , talk and write about fungi . They have a particular interest in the Genus Amanita , and has been collecting , documenting , and studying a wide variety of western fungal species for over 25 years . Rytas Vilgalys , professor of biology at Duke University and curator of fungi at the Duke Herbarium . Rytas studies the genetics and natural history of fungi and the origins of fungal biodiversity .
Workshops
Dyeing workshop with Susan Hopkins : Thursday afternoon . Foray participants can sign up for a mushroom dyeing workshop with Susan Hopkins , who has been practicing this craft for nearly 25 years . This 3.5 hour pre-foray workshop on Thursday afternoon will be a hands-on introduction to the best species of fungi to use and the general procedure for dyeing wool yarn a variety of colors . Each participant can expect to receive 15-20 short yarn samples dyed using 6-7 different species of fungi and 2-3 different mordants . The $ 35 workshop fee covers all materials and equipment , plus several handouts on mushroom dyeing .
Watercolor painting workshop with Denis Benjamin : Saturday 8:30AM-noon . Learn how to capture the beauty of mushrooms in watercolor in this half-day workshop . It is especially intended for beginners , but more experienced artists are also welcome . We will cover all the basics of watercolor painting , including papers , paints , basic techniques , lighting , staging your subject etc . All will paint at least one mushroom from live material during the class . Watercolor painting will give you new ways to view and observe mushrooms . Even those who claim that they ca n't draw a stick-figure will be surprised at what they can really do . The $ 15 workshop fee will provide paper , palettes , a limited selection of paints and brushes and other materials . Those who have paints and brushes are encouraged to bring them .
Four yoga classes with Alexa Mergen : 7AM Friday , Saturday , and Sunday ; 4PM Saturday . With close attention to alignment and breath , Alexa leads lessons that help you increase strength and flexibility of body and mind . With their Simple , Joyful Yoga style , they delight in adapting basics for beginners and creating subtle challenges for the practiced . Everyone welcome . Please bring a yoga mat . $ 20 fee covers all four classes .
In addition to these workshops , we have scheduled two additional free workshops during the foray :
Microscopy , taught by Shannon Nix ( limit 12 people - second session may be scheduled if there is sufficient interest ) , and
Photography , taught by Bob Simmons .
Get The TeeShirt
When you register , you have the option of purchasing a foray TeeShirt , pictured below , for only $ 15 ! Available in several women 's and men 's sizes .
Various foods depicted in an Egyptian burial chamber , including fish , c. 1400 BC
The harvesting and consuming of seafoods are ancient practices that may date back to at least the Upper Paleolithic period which dates to between 50,000 and 10,000 years ago . [ 1 ] Isotopic analysis of the skeletal remains of Tianyuan man , a 40,000-year-old modern human from eastern Asia , has shown that they regularly consumed freshwater fish . [ 2 ] [ 3 ] Archaeology features such as shell middens , [ 4 ] discarded fish bones and cave paintings show that seafoods were important for survival and consumed in significant quantities . During this period , most people lived a hunter-gatherer lifestyle and were , of necessity , constantly on the move . However , where there are early examples of permanent settlements ( though not necessarily permanently occupied ) such as those at Lepenski Vir , they are almost always associated with fishing as a major source of food .
The ancient river Nile was full of fish ; fresh and dried fish were a staple food for much of the population . [ 5 ] The Egyptians had implements and methods for fishing and these are illustrated in tomb scenes , drawings , and papyrus documents . Some representations hint at fishing being pursued as a pastime .
Ancient Israelites [ edit ]
The Israelites ate a variety of fresh and saltwater fish , according to both archaeological and textual evidence . [ 6 ] Remains of freshwater fish from the Yarkon and Jordan rivers and the Sea of Galilee have been found in excavations , and include St. Peter 's fish and mouthbreeders . Saltwater fish discovered in excavations include sea bream , grouper , meager and gray mullet . Most of these come from the Mediterranean , but in the later Iron Age period , some are from the Red Sea . [ 7 ] Fishermen supplied fish to inland communities , as remains of fish , including bones and scales , have been discovered at many inland sites . To preserve them for transport , the fish were first smoked or dried and salted . [ 6 ] Merchants also imported fish , sometimes from as far as from Egypt , where pickled roe was an export article . [ 8 ] Remains of Nile Perch from Egypt have been found , and these must have been smoked or dried , before being imported through the trade network that connected ancient Near Eastern societies . [ 7 ] Merchants shipped fish to Jerusalem and there was evidently a significant trade in fish ; one of the gates of Jerusalem was called the Fish Gate , named for a fish market nearby . [ 6 ] [ 7 ] [ 9 ] [ 10 ] Fish products were salted and dried and sent great distances during the Israelite and Judean monarchies . However , even in the later Persian , Greek and Roman periods , the cost of preserving and transporting fish must have meant that only wealthier inhabitants of the highland towns and cities could afford it , or those who lived close to the sources , where it was less expensive . [ 7 ]
Ancient Greece [ edit ]
Fishing scenes are rarely represented in ancient Greek culture , a reflection of the low social status of fishing . The consumption of fish varied in accordance with the wealth and location of the household . In the Greek islands and on the coast , fresh fish and seafood ( squid , octopus , and shellfish ) were common . They were eaten locally but more often transported inland . Sardines and anchovies were regular fare for the citizens of Athens . They were sometimes sold fresh , but more frequently salted . A stele of the late 3rd century BCE from the small Boeotian city of Akraiphia , on Lake Copais , provides us with a list of fish prices . The cheapest was skaren ( probably parrotfish ) whereas Atlantic bluefin tuna was three times as expensive . [ 11 ] Common salt water fish were yellowfin tuna , red mullet , ray , swordfish or sturgeon , a delicacy which was eaten salted . Lake Copais itself was famous in all Greece for its eels , celebrated by the hero of The Acharnians . Other fresh water fish were pike-fish , carp and the less appreciated catfish .
Ancient Rome [ edit ]
A sauce fines herbes for fried fish Use any kind of fish . Prepare clean , salt , turn in flour , salt and fry it . Crush pepper , cumin , coriander seed , laser root , origany , and rue , all crushed fine , moistened with vinegar , date wine , honey , reduced must , oil , and broth . Pour in a sauce pan , place on fire , when simmering pours over the fried fish , sprinkle with pepper and serve .
– Book 10 of the Apicius , [ 12 ] a collection of Roman cookery recipes probably compiled about 500 AD . Altogether the book contains 36 recipes for fish sauces . – Book 10 of thea collection of Roman cookery recipes probably compiled about 500 AD . Altogether the book contains 36 recipes for fish sauces .
Pictorial evidence of Roman fishing comes from mosaics . [ 13 ] The Greco-Roman sea god Neptune is depicted as wielding a fishing trident . Fish was served only in earlier periods , and it remained more expensive than simpler meat types . Breeding was attempted in freshwater and saltwater ponds , but some kinds of fish could not be fattened in captivity . Among those that could was the formidable and potentially toxic Mediterranean moray , a valued delicacy which were reared in ponds at the seaside . [ 14 ] These morays were also kept as pets and sometimes as a means of punishment . Another farmed species was the popular , mullus , the goatfish . At a certain time this fish was considered the epitome of luxury , above all because its scales exhibit a bright red color when it dies out of water . For this reason these fish were occasionally allowed to die slowly at the table . There even was a recipe where this would take place in garo , in the sauce . At the beginning of the Imperial era , however , this custom suddenly came to an end , which is why mullus in the feast of Trimalchio ( see the Satyricon ) could be shown as a characteristic of the parvenu , who bores their guests with an unfashionable display of dying fish . The fish and fishing practices of the Roman era were recorded by the Greco-Roman Oppian of Cilicia , whose Halieutics was an expansive poem in hexameter composed between 177 and 180 . It is the earliest such work to have survived to the modern day .
Garum , also known as liquamen , was the universal sauce added to everything . It was prepared by subjecting salted fish , in particular mackerel intestines , to a very slow thermal process . Over the course of two to three months , in an enzymatic process stimulated by heating , usually by exposure to the sun , the protein-laden fish parts decomposed almost entirely . The resulting mass was then filtered and the liquid traded as garum , the remaining solids as alec - a kind of savoury spread . Because of the smell it produced , the production of garum within the city was banned . Garum , supplied in small sealed amphorae , was used throughout the Empire and totally replaced salt as a condiment . Today similar sauces are produced in Southeast Asia , usually sold abroad under the description `` fish sauce '' , or nam pla .
Goatfish
Two amphores for garum
China [ edit ]
[ 15 ] `` China ... is widely regarded as the cradle of aquaculture . ''
Aquaculture in China began before the 1st millennium BC with the farming of the common carp . These carp were grown in ponds on silk farms , and were fed silkworm nymphs and faeces . [ 16 ] Carp are native to China . They are good to eat , and they are easy to farm since they are prolific breeders , do not eat their young , and grow fast . The original idea that carp could be cultured most likely arose when they were washed into ponds and paddy fields during monsoons . This would lead naturally to the idea of stocking ponds . [ 17 ] The Chinese politician Fan Li was credited with authorship of The Fish-Breeding Classic , [ 18 ] the earliest-known treatise on fish farming .
During the 7th- to 10th-century Tang dynasty , the farming of common carp was banned because the Chinese word for common carp ( 鯉 ) sounded like the emperors ' family name , Li ( 李 ) . Anything that sounded like the emperor 's name could not be kept or killed . [ 19 ] The ban had a productive outcome , because it resulted in the development of polyculture , growing multiple species in the same ponds . Different species feed on different foods and occupy different niches in the ponds . In this way , the Chinese were able to simultaneously breed four different species of carp , the mud carp , which are bottom feeders , silver carp and bighead carp , which are midwater feeders , and grass carp which are top feeders . [ 16 ] [ 20 ] Another development during the Tang dynasty was a mutation of the domesticated carp , which led to the development of goldfish .
From AD 1368 , the Ming Dynasty encouraged fish farmers to supply the live fish trade , which dominates Chinese fish sales to this day . [ 21 ] From 1500 , methods of collecting carp fry from rivers and then rearing them in ponds were developed . `` [ 17 ]
Japan [ edit ]
Bowl of Sushi by by Hiroshige , 19th century
In Japan , sushi has traditionally been considered a delicacy . The original type of sushi , nare-zushi , was first developed in Southeast Asia and then spread to southern China before its introduction to Japan sometime around the 8th century AD . [ 22 ] [ 23 ] Fish was salted and wrapped in fermented rice , a traditional lacto-fermented rice dish . Nare-zushi was made of this gutted fish stored in fermented rice for months at a time for preservation . The fermentation of the rice prevented the fish from spoiling . [ 24 ] The fermented rice was discarded and fish was the only part consumed . This early type of sushi became an important source of protein for the Japanese . During the Muromachi period , another way of preparing sushi was developed , called namanare . Namanare was partly raw fish wrapped in rice , consumed fresh , before it changed flavor . During the Edo period , a third type of sushi was developed , haya-zushi . Haya-zushi was assembled so that both rice and fish could be consumed at the same time , and the dish became unique to Japanese culture . It was the first time that rice was not being used for fermentation . Rice was now mixed with vinegar , with fish , vegetables and dried foodstuff added . This type of sushi is still very popular today . Each region utilizes local flavors to produce a variety of sushi that has been passed down for many generations .
When Tokyo was still known as Edo in the early 1800s , mobile food stalls run by street vendors became popular . During this period nigiri-zushi was introduced , consisting of an oblong mound of rice with a slice of fish draped over it . After the Great Kanto earthquake in 1923 , nigiri-sushi chefs were displaced from Edo throughout Japan , popularizing the dish throughout the country .
Indigenous peoples of the Americas [ edit ]
The Inuit prepared and buried large amounts of dried meat and fish . Pacific Northwest tribes crafted seafaring dugouts 40–50 feet ( 12–15 m ) long for fishing .
Medieval Europe [ edit ]
In medieval Europe , seafood was less prestigious than other animal meats , and often seen as merely an alternative to meat on fast days . Still , seafood was the mainstay of many coastal populations . `` Fish '' to the medieval person was also a general name for anything not considered a proper land-living animal , including marine mammals such as whales and porpoises . Also included were the beaver , due to its scaly tail and considerable time spent in water , and barnacle geese , due to lack of knowledge of where they migrated . Such foods were also considered appropriate for fast days . [ 25 ] Especially important was the fishing and trade in herring and cod in the Atlantic and the Baltic Sea . The herring was of unprecedented significance to the economy of much of Northern Europe , and it was one of the most common commodities traded by the Hanseatic League , a powerful north German alliance of trading guilds . Kippers made from herring caught in the North Sea could be found in markets as far away as Constantinople . [ 26 ] While large quantities of fish were eaten fresh , a large proportion was salted , dried , and , to a lesser extent , smoked . Stockfish , cod that was split down the middle , fixed to a pole and dried , was very common , though preparation could be time-consuming , and meant beating the dried fish with a mallet before soaking it in water . A wide range of mollusks including oysters , mussels and scallops were eaten by coastal and river-dwelling populations , and freshwater crayfish were seen as a desirable alternative to meat during fish days . Compared to meat , fish was much more expensive for inland populations , especially in Central Europe , and therefore not an option for most . Freshwater fish such as pike , carp , bream , perch , lamprey , and trout were common . [ 27 ]
Religious views [ edit ]
In Islam , the Shafi ' i , Maliki and Hanbali schools allow the eating of shellfish , while the Hanafi school does not allow it in Sunni Islam . Nor does the Shi'ite school ( Ja'fari ) allow it . The Jewish laws of Kashrut forbid the eating of shellfish and eels . [ 28 ] According to the King James version of the bible , it is alright to eat finfish , but shellfish and eels are an abomination and should not be eaten . [ 29 ] Since early times , the Catholic Church has forbidden the practice of eating meat , eggs and dairy products at certain times . Thomas Aquinas argued that these `` afford greater pleasure as food [ than fish ] , and greater nourishment to the human body , so that from their consumption there results a greater surplus available for seminal matter , which when abundant becomes a great incentive to lust . `` [ 30 ]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Buffy the Vampire Slayer was a hugely successful television series on WB and UPN from 1997-2003 . Writer and producer Joss Whedon , long heavily constrained by the requirements of others , finally had the opportunity to create a series that was completely their own . Whedon had worked on it for years , first selling the screenplay in 1988 for a film version which was released in 1992 . The story had been shredded and reworked into a campy , funny movie that Whedon loathed .
After five years , they were able to launch a darker , more dramatic , but still funny television series which captured the imagination of a generation of fans . Here are eighteen facts that you might not know about that show :
1 . Charisma Carpenter , who played Cordelia , was Whedon 's original pick for the role of Buffy . Sarah Michelle Gellar was slated to play Cordelia . Gellar had to lobby Whedon heavily before they would allow them to read for the lead role .
( Video Link )
2 . When they were five , Sarah Michelle Gellar starred in a Burger King commercial that disparaged McDonald 's burgers . They were promptly named in a lawsuit by McDonald 's and had to give a deposition in the case .
( Video Link )
3 . If you were watching US television during the early 1990s , you may have spotted Anthony Stewart Head ( Giles ) in a series of 13 commercials for Taster 's Choice coffee which imagined Head as the wooing paramour of a new divorcee . The role somewhat typecasted him , so Head came to Los Angeles during “ pilot season ” in order to find a very different sort of role .
4 . The name “ Giles ” came from Barbara Giles , Whedon 's housematron when they attended a private high school in the UK .
5 . Nicholas Brendon ( Xander ) has a stutter .
6 . James Marsters ' ( Spike ) first role was in a fourth-grade production of Winnie the Pooh . They played the role of Eeyore and fell in love with acting . Their professional debut came years later in a stage production of Shakespeare 's The Tempest . They had a nude scene in that play and has been comfortable performing unclad ever since . Marsters later broke into television as a bellhop on Northern Exposure . They returned the next season to play the role of a priest .
7 . Can you imagine Spike with a deep Southern accent ? Because that was Whedon 's original plan before casting Marsters .
8 . Sunnydale 's ZIP code would place the town in Morgan Hill , California .
9 . Sarah Michelle Gellar has a pronounced fear of cemeteries .
10 . Whedon was inspired for The Gentlemen in the episode “ Hush ” from , in part , Mr. Burns from The Simpsons . This episode , a fan favorite , received two Emmy nominations for writing and cinematography .
11 . The Sunnydale weatherman in the episodes `` Amends '' and `` Hush '' is a real-life weatherman -- Mark Kriski of KTLA in Los Angeles .
12 . Buffy occasionally made favorable references to Xena : Warrior Princess . The writers of Xena returned the favor by mentioning a play called “ Buffus the Bacchae Slayer ” in their episode “ The Play 's the Thing . ”
13 . The show was the central metaphor that terrorism expert Anthony Cordesman used in a major 2002 treatise called “ Biological Warfare and the Buffy Paradigm. ” Cordesman explained that Buffy was “ about a teenage vampire slayer who lives in a world of unpredictable threats where each series of crises only becomes predictable when it is over . ”
14 . The Simpsons was a leading inspiration for Whedon 's work in Buffy . Whedon wrote “ If I could write for any show , it would be The Simpsons and Twin Peaks ... As much as you could say that Buffy is a cross between 90210 and The X-Files , you could say it 's a cross between The Simpsons and Twin Peaks . ”
15 . The episode “ I Was Made for You ” has Warren building a robotic girlfriend who goes crazy and becomes destructive . The role was written with Britney Spears in mind , but they turned it down .
16 . “ Graduation Day ” was delayed and rewritten due to the Columbine school shooting . The story involves the destruction of Sunnydale High School with explosives by the show 's heroes . That central element was kept , although certain statements by them were removed .
17 . The musical episode “ Once More , With Feeling ” , lasted 68 minutes during its first run . It was edited down for subsequent rebroadcasts . Much of the episode is sung . Even the mutant in the Mutant Enemy trademark at the very end of the credits sings . That name , by the way , comes from a line in the song “ And You , And I ” by Yes .
18 . Vera Wang designed Buffy 's wedding dress in “ The Prom ” , as well as the dress that Sarah Michelle Gellar wore to their own wedding .
Sources : Topping , Keith . Slayer : A Totally Awesome Collection of Buffy Trivia . London : Virgin , 2004 . Print . -- -- - . Slayer : An Expanded and Updated Unofficial and Unauthorized Guide to Buffy the Vampire Slayer . London : Virgin , 2002 . Print . Tracy , Kathleen . The Girl 's Got Bite : The Original and Unauthorized Guide to Buffy 's World , Completely Revised and Updated . New York : St. Martin 's , 2004 . Print .
Images : NY Post , Fox Studios , Warner Bros. , Renaissance Pictures
Below is the Cover Story of a Young man from our Homeland India . This Young Man , hailing from India 's Mecca of Cycling , Jamakhandi is one of the sad stories of Wasted talents . They have mortgaged their Family Land to fund their passion for Cycling . They bought a Trek Cycle from Singapore for 60,000 INR . $ 950 in USD today says Google . This enabled them to participate in International Races in Chennai in which they came 14th and 5th in consecutive years . They have won multiple Gold medals in events all around the country . The Indian Government has not recognized their efforts and has failed to provide them with even necessary training gear .
They have put off Cycling for now to get back their Family Land and Cycles 10km daily to go to Work as a Security Guard in an ATM where they draw a mere 4800 INR . Their brother has quit school and started to work to support the family . They have lost everything but their Cycle in their Struggle to Achieve .
I believe we can help them get back up at their feet again and make this young man achieve what they desire . While The 60,000 INR maybe big money for him , A mere $ 5 donation is not impossible for us . And with just 200 of us joining hands to help him , we can achieve this goal .
I have attached the documents they sent us on and I strongly believe with the right encouragement , They will emerge a Winner in an International Event . Please feel free to Click on the Donate Button .
I have a lot of certificates they have obtained from various Cycles races they have Won . If any one wants some additional proof , feel free to contact us by email so that we can share them with you .
COVER STORY - FROM A GOLD MEDALIST TO AN ATM GUARD
Rep. Dennis Kucinich ( D-OH ) called for the U.S. Federal Reserve to be reformed after Bloomberg reported the central bank secretly loaned nearly $ 8 trillion to financial institutions from 2007 to 2009 .
Tens of thousands of documents obtained by Bloomberg under the Freedom of Information Act showed that banks reaped an estimated $ 13 billion in profits thanks to the low-interest loans . JPMorgan , Bank of America , Citigroup , Wells Fargo , Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley accounted for $ 4.8 billion of that total .
“ Remember the great debate we had here over the 700 billion in TARP funds ? ” they said on the House floor Tuesday . “ There was no debate over the 7.7 trillion the Fed gave the banks . ”
“ Did Congress have a clue ? ” they continued . “ There is another game going on way over our heads , and our constituents are struggling while the banks with the help of the Feds have captured control of our government . ”
“ Now the rating services are threatening us , if we do n't come up with a deal they 'll downgrade U.S. debt . Could the threat to our national sovereignty be any clearer ? ”
Kucinich has proposed legislation , called the National Emergency Employment Defense ( NEED ) Act , that would incorporate the Federal Reserve within the United States Treasury and thereby make it accountable to Congress .
Watch video , uploaded to YouTube , below :
While testifying before the U.S. Senate intelligence committee on Thursday morning , former FBI Director James Comey likened the President 's “ hope ” that he 'd “ drop ” the probe into NSA advisor Michael Flynn 's Russian ties to Henry II 's frustration with Archbishop of Canterbury Thomas Becket .
When Senator Angus King of Maine asked them if Comey interpreted the President 's use of “ hope ” as an order , Comey replied by quoting an exclamation often attributed to Henry II , “ It rings in my ear as kind of , ‘ will no one rid me of this meddlesome priest ? ' ”
Comey is referring to several knights who took Henry II 's outburst— ” Will no one rid me of this meddlesome priest ? ” —to mean that the king wanted Becket dead . They murdered Becket near the altar of Canterbury Cathedral on December 29 , 1170 .
The disagreement was over Becket 's refusal in the 12th century to carry out orders from Henry II that would have given the king additional power over the bishops and the church courts . Becket believed “ that in all things the authority of the church should be supreme , and that the king should rule as the church 's representative in the secular world , ” according to the historian Richard Barber . “ Both believed passionately in laws : Henry in the laws of the realm , Thomas in those of the church – canon law . ”
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now . View Sample Sign Up Now
Becket became a saint in 1173 , venerated by both Catholic and Anglican believers . A shrine to them at the church became a site of pilgrimage , while their relics were distributed to other European churches . ( His elbow , for instance , was recently returned to Canterbury cathedral . )
Their defiance became glorified in pop culture depictions of the quarrel , such as T.S . Eliot 's drama Murder in the Cathedral and the Academy Award-nominated 1964 film Becket , starring Peter O'Toole as Henry II and Richard Burton as Becket .
Write to Olivia B. Waxman at olivia.waxman @ time.com .
The Brown administration 's top official on Delta matters said this week they are confident a new aqueduct can be built to divert water from the Delta for water users in Southern California .
In their first interview since joining the new administration , Jerry Meral said events and information developed since they backed the Peripheral Canal as part of Gov . Jerry Brown 's first administration have only strengthened the case for it .
And estimates developed at the end of the Schwarzenegger administration about the amount of water that could be taken from the Delta will probably prove to be in the right ballpark , they said . They cautioned that they were expressing personal convictions and that final decisions would be made only after formal reviews .
“ I do n't want to prejudge this , ” Meral said , “ but something like a facility roughly of the size in the earlier documents will be proposed , will be permitted and be built . ”
Meral , who has a doctorate in zoology , has spent much of their career working for environmental groups . They were also deputy director of the state Department of Water Resources from 1975 to 1983 , when they supported the controversial Peripheral Canal that would have skirted the Delta to move Sacramento River water to the south .
Voters statewide killed that plan in 1982 , in part due to strong opposition in Contra Costa County .
Now deputy secretary for the Bay Delta Conservation Plan , Meral has the distinction of being both a prominent environmentalist and a strong supporter of an aqueduct to reduce reliance on south Delta pumps . Many environmentalists outright oppose the aqueduct while others who are open to the idea are much more qualified in their support .
An aqueduct is now the centerpiece for the conservation plan . In recent months , tunnels under the Delta appear to have overtaken a canal as the preferred choice .
By using the aqueduct instead of south Delta pumps , and by restoring Delta wetlands , supporters hope the plan can satisfy endangered species laws and end water supply disruptions caused by environmental problems in the Delta .
East Bay water officials who have been skeptical of the plans were nonetheless encouraged by Meral 's willingness to listen to them .
“ I have more hope that we 'll be getting a fair hearing than we did before , ” said Greg Gartrell , assistant general manager of the Contra Costa Water District .
But , Gartrell said , there is a threat in trying to balance environmental needs with water supplies for Delta water users in parts of the Bay Area , San Joaquin Valley and Southern California . The plan could end up either taking water from , or degrading water quality for , others .
The Contra Costa Water District , Delta farm agencies and upstream water users , including the East Bay Municipal Utility District , which relies on water pipelines from the Sierra Nevada , could be harmed , Gartrell said .
“ They could be solving their problems with our water . That 's a long tradition in this state , ” Gartrell said .
After four years and $ 140 million in spending , the Bay Delta Conservation Plan has arrived at a delicate point . The central question : Can a set of environmental criteria be developed for factors such as salinity levels and the amount of water in upstream rivers that , ( 1 ) provides enough environmental restoration to justify a 50-year water extraction permit and ( 2 ) releases enough water to make the project financially worthwhile to the participating farm and urban water agencies ?
Much of the project costs , more than $ 12 billion , would be paid for by Southern California , San Joaquin Valley farm districts and others , such as Santa Clara County .
A study meant to determine how the proposed plan would work was tripped up last year by biologists at federal regulatory agencies .
In essence , the biologists concluded that the way in which Delta water users wanted to run the project would not protect the environment enough to earn the 50-year permit they seek .
San Joaquin Valley farm districts threatened to quit .
Now , state and federal officials are trying to devise standards that might pass that test.﻿
Agency officials could soon propose new guidelines , Meral said .
While an agreement amounts only to what it is to be studied and not a guarantee that such a project would be approved , Meral said it was cause for optimism that the plan could work .
They acknowledged that any plan might have shortcomings .
“ There 's a danger of overconfidence in what you can do , ” Meral said . “ The whole goal is to have a flexible project , as flexible as it can be . ”
“ I find it hard to believe a compromise ca n't be reached , ” they said .
They said that upstream water users and Delta interests that have felt shut out of planning should be heard .
“ We 're thrilled to death that finally the state of California has asked for our opinion , ” said Randy Kanouse , lobbyist for the East Bay Municipal Utility District .
Others remain skeptical , saying they fear the fix is in and that the time for meaningful input has passed .
“ If the ( Bay-Delta Conservation Plan ) were to be done right , every option on the table would have to be evaluated and analyzed , ” said Barbara Barrigan-Parrilla , campaign director for Restore the Delta , a coalition of environmental groups and Delta landowners .
In a recent letter to state Delta authorities , the Contra Costa water district argued that the state should first figure out how much water is needed by the environment and how much water is needed by those with higher legal rights to Delta water than the agencies looking to build the aqueduct .
Meral said those kinds of determinations are the realm of the State Water Resources Control Board and that it does not make sense to wait .
Gartrell also contends that an aqueduct one-fifth the size of the one under consideration would cost less , be less controversial and would deliver nearly as much water .
Environmental restrictions would prevent full use of the larger aqueduct , Gartrell said .
“ What I see developing is a race to build something that they wo n't have the ability to use , ” Gartrell said .
An oversized aqueduct would lead to strong political pressure to run more water through it , cutting the supply for north state users and the environment , they said .
Mike Taugher covers the environment . Contact them at 925-943-8257 .
Candidates for Rensselaer County Executive ; Democrat Andrea Smyth , left , and Republican Assemblyman Steven McLaughlin , right , take part in a debate at Spectrum News on Thursday , Nov. 2 , 2017 , in Albany , N.Y. ( Will Waldron/Times Union ) fewer Candidates for Rensselaer County Executive ; Democrat Andrea Smyth , left , and Republican Assemblyman Steven McLaughlin , right , take part in a debate at Spectrum News on Thursday , Nov. 2 , 2017 , in Albany , N.Y. ... more Photo : Will Waldron Photo : Will Waldron Image 1 of / 44 Caption Close Rensselaer Counties to count absentee ballots Monday 1 / 44 Back to Gallery
TROY – The Rensselaer County Board of Elections will begin counting absentee ballots Monday to determine the outcome in several close races .
In the county executive 's race , Assemblyman Steven McLaughlin , R-Troy , leads their Democratic opponent Andrea Smyth of Rensselaer by 909 votes -- or 19,685 to 18,776 , according to unofficial results . McLaughlin declared victory Tuesday night , while Smyth and the Democrats said they will wait to see the outcome of the absentee votes .
About 2,586 absentee ballots were mailed out and 1,345 have been returned to the county board . Smyth would need to capture 67.5 percent of the received absentee ballots just to tie McLaughlin .
`` Every vote matters , '' County Democratic Chairman Michael Monescalchi said Wednesday .
McLaughlin 's margin of victory came from the Independence line . The GOP has relied on a strategy of grabbing as many minor party endorsements as possible to secure wins in contested elections with the Democrats .
The first ballots to be counted will be in North Greenbush where there are narrow margins separating the candidates in the town council and town clerk races . As of Wednesday , the county elections board had received 265 absentee ballots back from 338 mailed out .
Incumbent Clerk Kathryn Connolly , ( R , C , WF , I ) leads challenger Laurie Gendron ( D , G ) by 40 votes , or 1,986 to 1,946 .
In the Town Board race , eight votes separate incumbent Councilman Joseph Bott ( R , C , WF , I ) from challenger Melissa Anderson ( D , G ) or 1,903 to 1,895 .
Following the North Greenbush count , the board of elections will focus on Troy as it deals with close races for City Council president and the 2nd Council District seat .
Incumbent County President Carmella Mantello ( R , C , G , I , RF ) leads County Legislator Gary Pavlic ( D , WF , WE ) by 40 votes , 3,600 to 3,560 . Incumbent Councilman Mark McGrath , ( R , C , I ) leads Cindy Barclay ( D , WF , WE ) by 13 votes , 437 to 424 .
British voters will not back a party that supports unilateral nuclear disarmament , former Labour leader Neil Kinnock has warned Jeremy Corbyn as Scottish Labour and SNP MSPs voted together to scrap Trident .
Lord Kinnock said their party must confront the “ reality ” that it will not win a general election with a defence policy opposing the renewal of Britain 's nuclear deterrent .
UK Labour abandoned unilateral nuclear disarmament in the late 1980s as part of their campaign to purge the party of Left-wing extremists and make it more electable .
But only hours after they issued their warning Scottish Labour MSPs voted with Nicola Sturgeon 's Nationalists at Holyrood for a motion calling for Trident to be scrapped . The vote followed a poorly-attended debate at the start of which there were barely 30 MSPs present .
Neil Findlay MSP , Mr Corbyn 's closest ally in Scotland , would only say that Labour remains committed to membership of Nato `` at the moment '' and `` at this stage '' .
Kezia Dugdale , the Scottish Labour leader , did not break their silence on the issue but they voted with their party despite confirming as recently as September that they support replacing Trident on a like-for-like basis .
Jackie Baillie , whose constituency includes the Faslane naval base where Trident is housed , was the only Labour MSP who rebelled against the party whip and supported its retention .
As Labour infighting over the nuclear deterrent intensified , Tom Harris , a former minister appeared to threaten to quit the party after it suggested it would consult the Stop the War coalition before taking a view on military intervention in Syria .
The former Glasgow South MP said Labour 's decision to consult “ a mad cap coalition of trots , Islamists and anti-west fury chimps ” meant the party 's policy on the issue had gone from “ a bit bonkers to irredeemable … And I give up . That 's it from me . Goodbye . ”
MSPs debated Trident at Holyrood two days after the Scottish Labour conference voted overwhelmingly to scrap the deterrent provided defence workers were found alternative employment .
The vote was seen as a major victory for Mr Corbyn in their battle with their Shadow Cabinet to abandon support for renewing Trident but Maria Eagle , their Shadow Defence Secretary , insisted it was only one “ input ” into their ongoing review of party policy .
Asked about the Scottish Labour vote , Lord Kinnock said : “ The debate is wide open . What I do know is the British people will not vote for unilateral disarmament . And that reality has to be dealt with . ''
When they became Labour leader in 1983 , they were passionately opposed to nuclear weapons and in the 1987 general election , their first as leader , the party was committed to unilateral disarmament .
But after Labour 's defeat , they reluctantly concluded that the party would have to change its policy and by the time of the 1992 election it was committed to only disarming on a multilateral basis with other countries , a stance that has survived until today .
In a purely symbolic vote , as defence is reserved to Westminster , the Scottish Parliament voted by a margin of 96 votes to 17 to scrap Trident and establish “ defence diversification agencies ” to find Faslane 's workers alternative employment .
Speaking in the debate , Ms Baillie , the Dumbarton MSP , said Faslane is the largest single employer in Scotland and cited warnings from union leaders at the base that the promise of alternative jobs is a mirage .
The Conservatives , who also voted against the Scottish Government motion , attacked it for portraying the decision to replace Trident as a straight choice between “ warfare and welfare ” and pointed to polling showing a majority of Scots want it to be renewed .
Marriage . It 's tricky business for so many reasons . Dealing with our own ego , desires , and irritations is hard enough . But put someone else 's idiosyncrasies in the mix , and it can make marital life seem very complicated .
Looking back on my views of marriage before “ I ” became a “ we ” , I can honestly say I was clueless about what to expect .
I Did n't Realize how Hard Communication is for ( some ) Men
The basis of my marriage has always been to help each other please Allah ( SWT ) . Some days we are better at this than others . But one thing we have really excel at , Alhamdulillah , is helping each other improve our character .
At the beginning of my marriage , every now and then , my husband would come to me and tell me they were angry and they did n't know what about or why . And they did n't want to act on that feeling in a way that was displeasing to Allah so they sought my help .
It would take a lot of talking to figure it out , but 99 % of the time it was n't really anger that they were feeling . It was sadness , frustration , disappointment or anything really that was left unexpressed and turned into anger . It took a lot of time for me to understand why this was happening . Why could n't my husband understand emotion outside of anger ? Why could n't they communicate outside of this ?
“ Use your words ” is not something we often teach our sons , but we need to . It is no secret that boys and girls are socialized differently . Boys are taught , unfortunately , that feelings indicate weakness , unless it is anger , despite the fact that the Prophet Muhammad said :
“ The strong is not the one who overcomes the people by their strength , but the strong is the one who controls themselves while in anger. ” ( Bukhari )
This counterproductive culture of machismo leads many men in our societies , whether it 's Eastern or Western , to never deal with their emotions , much less learn how to communicate them in constructive ways .
When I entered into my marriage , I had no idea that my husband would have a hard time understanding their own feelings much less expressing themselves to me .
Effective communication is essential in marriage . I never expected to have to teach my husband how to communicate . But I also did n't expect that they would have to teach me how to disagree without fighting .
I Did n't Know that You can Disagree and still Have Manners
Disagreement happens . In fact , arguing has always been a sport in my family . Arguments usually devolve into battles of condescension , sarcasm , and insults in 5 seconds flat . But entering into Islam and then shortly thereafter , marriage , I had to rewire this part of my brain and fast .
Every couple disagrees and even argues . If you are not disagreeing about anything , you are not communicating , and this is a good indicator that something is fundamentally wrong . But a disagreement does not have to turn into a fight . I did n't know that .
The Prophet ( PBUH ) said :
“ I guarantee a house in Jannah ( Paradise ) for one who gives up arguing , even if they are in the right [ … ] ” ( Abu Dawud )
Keeping this in mind , my husband often just gave up in arguments . They would concede even though I knew that I had n't changed their mind . At first , I thought it was strange , but I caught on to their tactic to please Allah instead of “ win ” . So I started to do the same . I realized that the first one to let the little disagreement go wins the most .
However , sometimes disagreements are too important to just let go . And when that happens , my husband taught me to put the shoe on the other foot . They taught me to argue the other person 's point , to think about the other person 's perspective . And you know what , it helps ease tense situations 100 % of the time . I have never had a better teacher on how to disagree with manners than my husband .
I Did n't Know that a Little Mercy can Go a Long Way
{ Among Their signs is that They created companions for you from among yourself , so that you may find tranquility with them , and ( He ) set love and mercy between you . Surely in this are signs for people who give thought . } ( Quran 30:21 )
This verse is often seen on wedding invitations for Muslim couples . But all too frequently forgotten after the feast has ended .
We all have faults , but many of us also love pointing out other 's faults . I was one of those people . I have learned through trial and a lot of error , that you can not build a loving relationship by tearing each other apart . You can not build a loving relationship without first showing a little mercy .
Any married couple who is honest will tell you , things about their spouse get on their nerves . And some days everything about their spouse gets on their nerves . For me , one thing that sticks in my craw the most is my husband 's lack of attention to detail in cleaning the kitchen ( and no , this is not my job as a wife ) . It drives me crazy . There is always food left on dishes or crumbs left on the counter . And I used to just get upset and lecture them on how to properly clean .
That was until I realized that people are just not good at some things . If they asked me to do math , I would constantly fail at it . My mind just does n't think that way . So I let their cleaning “ deficiency ” go .
And in understanding that I started to let other relatively unimportant things go . It finally registered that our failings are not intentional insults lobbed at each other . They are just things we might not be great at . And showing each other a little mercy in these areas can go a long way .
I Did n't Expect to Learn so much about Myself
To me , learning about myself through my marriage is how I understand the Prophet 's saying :
“ When a man marries they have fulfilled half of the deen ; so let them fear Allah regarding the remaining half. ” ( At-Tirmidhi )
It was n't until I got married that I really understood how much we as people do not ( and I did n't ) examine how we behave until our actions impact other people . We can not understand ourselves until we try to understand someone else . We are imperfect mirrors to our souls .
But our spouses should hold a clearer mirror up to us and make us understand what it is we look like on the inside . Our spouses should gently remind us of what areas of our character could use improving .
Our spouses can help us become better people if we let marriage do its job . No matter who you are , marriage is work . But if you put in the work with the best intentions , Allah ( SWT ) will reward you by putting love and mercy between you and your spouse 's hearts .
We earlier reported on the block of more popular porn websites a few days earlier . While a bunch of people said that they could no longer access their favorite porn site , a large swath of the population could still visit their porn website of choice . But it looks like the porn block will soon expand to cover more websites and ISPs , as the NTC has ordered the block of 21 porn websites , according to Interaksyon .
NTC Deputy Commissioner Edgardo Cabarrios sent the order to all ISPs last December on the request of the PNP .
They also clarified that the PNP was the one that sent the list of the porn sites that should be blocked , and that they do not have the capability to ascertain if the websites that were submitted actually had child pornography in them .
Additionally , both PLDT and Globe have already received the memo , and have said that they will be complying with it .
Presidential Communications Secretary Martin Andanar earlier commented on the block of the porn sites in the PH , saying that President Duterte did not like them .
“ These porn sites should really be banned because they are being used by pedophiles and other people who subscribe to child pornography sites , ” Andanar said during an interview by Inquirer .
“ What 's important here is that the President does not like these pornographic videos in the Internet , ” they added .
Source 1 , 2
Friday Facts # 43 - Cucumber time
Posted by Tomas on 2014-07-18 , all posts
Hi all ,
so it feels like the Cucumber time is here . Also known as a Silly season , this is the time of the year when not much is happening on the public scene and newspapers are scrambling for stuff to write about . Seems like we are going through such a period in the Factorio world as well . Not that much has been happening recently . We carry on with our work and progress slowly but steady . I have divided my time among multiplayer work , bugfixing and administration . Kuba has been focused on some internal refactoring in the past days . And Albert has been finishing with the player animations . Kovarex is coming back from vacation sometimes next week so the 0.10.4 release will happen most probably next Friday .
Multiplayer progress
A report on multiplayer progress has become a kind of standard part of the past couple of Friday Facts editions . So here we go again . We had some first tests with players meeting on the same map . The mechanism has been tested only on single computer so far ( using localhost as a connection ) . However , the 5 steps goal mentioned two weeks ago ( start 2 instances - load a game in first - second instance joins - map is downloaded - players meet in the game ) has been achieved already .
So here we are with a map with two players in it . Already a bunch of standard stuff can be done . Players running around , mining , building , operating entities , shooting at each other , etc . All these actions being properly synchronized across multiple instances . It is kind of fun to do - even when actually playing just with myself . Tangible results like these really give us some great positive motivation . I remember the euphorical feeling when I got the 2 players together in the game for the first time .
One tricky issue that came up recently is handling players dropping from the game . That means player leaving the game without proper ending sequence ( for instance their connection died ) . Not only it is tricky to coordinate the action to disconnect the player at the same time afterwards . The problem is also that in such a case the remaining players might have locally inconsistent map states . I will try to give a simple example without running too much into technical details . For instance let 's imagine a game with four players A , B , C , D. Player A drops from the game . Player B and C have the map in tick 100 . Player D however has the map in tick 101 and tick 101 contains some input from the player A that is no longer in the game . For instance player A finished chopping down the tree just before they disconnected . In this case D will have to transfer its information about actions from player A to B , C before carrying on with the simulation . Normally ( when no drops happen ) this is working just fine because every peer is responsible for delivering its actions , however here player D will have to act as a proxy for player A who no longer exists in the game . Just one of the many , many things on the MP list : D But it will be worth it .
Player masks
Players already have different colors for the multiplayer game . For every animation Albert made a corresponding mask animation with the same amount of frames that colors certain parts of the underlying animation . Below is a motivational composition . This one is not taken from the actual game but was made in PSP by Albert . The mask system has been implemented in a generic way that it will work for any animation , not just the player . This will be extremely useful for modders because using masks will save a lot of video memory compared to duplicating the object animation . Imagine a mod that adds 5 new biters with different colors , now it can be just a single animation and a maks overlay not 5 different animations . Also a shortcut to color the whole animation not just parts of it has been added .
The place to tell us what you think is ready at our forums .
Sen. Harry Reid Says They Wo n't Seek Re-Election
Enlarge this image YouTube YouTube
Updated at 12:34 p.m .
Sen. Harry Reid , D-Nev. , the Democratic leader in the Senate , said they wo n't seek re-election next year .
`` My friend Sen. [ Mitch ] McConnell , do n't be too elated . I 'm going to be here for 22 months , '' they said referring to the Senate majority leader from Kentucky . `` And you know what I 'm going to be doing ? The same thing I 've done since I first came to the Senate . ''
They later told Nevada Public Radio that they were endorsing Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York , the Senate 's No . 3 Democrat , to succeed them as minority leader .
`` He will be elected to replace me in 22 months , '' they told the public radio station . `` I think one reason that will happen is because I want them to be my replacement . ''
Reid 's announcement , made in a video posted on YouTube , comes after the Senate minority leader , a former amateur boxer , suffered serious injuries to their eye and face following an accident at their Las Vegas home Jan. 1 . Reid called them `` an inconvenience '' but said , `` trust me they are nothing compared to some of the bruises I got when I was fighting in the ring . '' They told The New York Times , which first reported on the retirement , that neither the injuries nor their new position as Senate minority leader prompted the decision .
`` But , '' they said in their message , `` this accident has caused Landra and I to have a little downtime . I have had time to ponder and to think . We 've got to be more concerned about the country , the Senate , the state of Nevada than about ourselves . And as a result of that I 'm not going to run for re-election . ''
YouTube
Reid , a former head of the Nevada gaming commission , was first elected to the House of Representatives in 1982 . They were elected to the Senate in 1988 and became Senate majority leader in 2005 , a position they held until Democrats lost the chamber in 2014 .
Here is a video announcing their decision .
In a statement , President Obama called Reid a `` fighter . ''
`` As the leader of the Senate Democrats during my time in office , Harry has become not only an ally , but a friend , '' Obama said . `` I 'm proud of all we have accomplished together , and I know the Senate will not be the same without him . ''
Obama also called in to Nevada Public Radio , when the station was interviewing Reid , to praise the Senate minority leader . They said Reid 's work saved the U.S. from a depression after the financial crisis of 2008 and lauded their work on the Affordable Care Act , Obama 's signature achievement .
`` I think when the story is written , and when all is told , you 're going to have somebody who has done more for Nevada and for this country as anybody who has ever been in the Senate , '' Obama said . `` And I could not be prouder of him . ... He 's been one of my best partners and best friends . ''
( You can listen to KNPR 's full interview with Reid today in the station 's State of Nevada program . )
I 'm concerned that my son has a secret mentor ?
My 17 year old son has been very secretive with me lately , recently they have started go to church and tonight when I was going through their room I found a bible with absolutes in it . They obviously have a mentor that they are hiding from me that brought that bible into my home and I am afraid they are rejecting moral ... show more My 17 year old son has been very secretive with me lately , recently they have started go to church and tonight when I was going through their room I found a bible with absolutes in it . They obviously have a mentor that they are hiding from me that brought that bible into my home and I am afraid they are rejecting moral relativism and I am greatly concerned that they are going to give their lives to Christ and live a Godly life .
What should I do about this ?
Update : They are not a Christian , we have chosen to indoctrinate them through the public school system , and they have learned though our atheism that there is no such thing as God 's plan . I will not teach them that they are a sinner , that God loves them anyway and wants them to repent , that is unacceptable , we have always taught ... show more They are not a Christian , we have chosen to indoctrinate them through the public school system , and they have learned though our atheism that there is no such thing as God 's plan . I will not teach them that they are a sinner , that God loves them anyway and wants them to repent , that is unacceptable , we have always taught them there is no such thing as good and bad and to just do what feels good as we are all the god of our own universes .
I want to speak with my old geology professor about this but I am very afraid of what they would think we are teaching our son if they assume we 're not doing a good enough job instructing them in the theory of evolution . Teaching Gods design and purpose is inappropriate and we are good parents , I am very afraid what they will think of us .
Update 2 : Someone asked why my old geology professor 's opinion is so important to me . This is the man who lead me to atheism and who I had my first opportunity to engage in homosexual behavior with ; they changed my life forever , and I 've always seen them as my mentor .
Update 3 : There has been an accusation of `` trolling '' . I 'm not sure what trolling is , but I hope the greatest problem plaguing my family right now wo n't be laughed off by participants in this forum .
As promised here comes T-Engine4 and ToME4 beta34 ! See http : //te4.org/
Do n't forget to help ToME by with donations ( http : //te4.org/donate ) !
This is a bugfix/balance release .
Release highlights :
Fixes the dreaded wilderness/map change crash bug
Fixes the smooth shadow `` jittering '' when moving fast
Fixes keyboard handling
Many smaller fixes
Talents respec ! Kinda !
Expanded changelist : ﻿
Unfocused dialogs will not darken anymore , it was just annoying
Ghouls correctly get their speed penality
Added a fourth page of hotkeys bringing the total to 48
Arcane Eye correctly requires level 4 to track
Updated keyboard handling , should not double trigger anymore
Textbox/Numberbox should correctly work with movement keys
Donator names now appear in green or blue ( for recurring donators ) in the ingame chat
Winning as an alchemist by self sacrifice will correctly record the win
Perhaps fix wilderness map going bonkers
Assassin Lord should not pop on level 1 and always on level 2
Limited talents respeccing available : The last 4 class and 3 generic talent points you spent are always reassignable ( unless they are on a special talent like imbue item to prevent abuse ) . Birth talents are also respeccable on birth this way .
First half of the big LOS/FOV update : FoV no longer improperly peeks around blocked corners LoS is now equivalent to FoV `` Smart '' LoS : if you can see it , you can target and project to it FoV has a permissiveness setting that can be set for each level Distance metrics are now consistent for FoV , AoE , and talent ranges ( defaults to rounded circle ) fov_beam_any_angle function now uses `` dx '' , `` dy '' as input instead of `` angle ''
Fix weird health bars
Extract Gem now works on high-end stuff even in low level zones
Buffed the Void Star
Fixed cursed items
Fix Arena start under some circumstances
Adjusted anomaly damage scaling
Chronomancy 'teleport ' spells now behave similarly to other teleport spells
Anomaly swap should no longer be able to swap players into vaults
Spacetime mastery hit bonus fixed
Adjusted static history scaling
Fixed Forgery of Haze
Fix Ambush
Going East will keep our friends with you
Fix attack runes cooldowns
Fix Epoch fight
Alchemist Gems can not become cursed
Learning combat training on the golem from an escort wont lower their ( hidden ) mastery
Golem Pound does not affect the alchemist
Locked doors have a padlock on them
Ruined dungeon and Arena unlock locked doors have tiles
Fix text lines on very large screens
Fix bug when doing `` New Game '' after doing `` Load Game ''
ObjectActivable : useObject changed to return a table , objects implementation using_simple or use_power must thus return a table too
Fixed using object turn-usage . Turn will be spent when the target is selected only
Reduced the duration of Blinding Spores
Wintertide Phial now has an activation
Buffed the Murderblade damage and added an Frenzy proc
Skullcleaver drains life
Fearscape and Flame of Urh'Rok correctly interact
Fearscape icon fixed
Lure time increases with talent level
Summoners can make their minotaur drop their weapon
Fix projectiles in flight from actors that died using Cease to Exist
Elementals are now stun/blind/confusion/knockback immune
Crown/Bindings of the Eternal Night correctly work after a save/reload
Fix Celia being brought to the Fearscape
Fix Volcano when save/reloading
Reavers 's Ruin talent now also heals them for each hit they do
FOV/LOS shape can now be altered by modules using a simple : core.fov.set_vision_shape ( `` circle '' ) . The parameter can be one of `` circle '' , `` circle_floor '' , `` circle_ceil '' , `` circle_plus1 '' , `` diamond '' , `` octagon '' , `` square ''
The Rod of Recall can be used again to stop recalling
Vampiric Gift provides a bit less healing
Black Robe procs reduced
Chat filter options are now correctly saved when changed
Chat log dialog will not scroll on new messages if not at the bottom
Inventory window encumberance title changes color the closer you get to overburned
Learning a talent triggers its cooldown ( except on birth )
Fixed the shadows `` jittering '' when quickly moving around with smooth shadows
Negative fatigue is not possible for psi
Screenshot works in dialogs & targetting mode too
Reseted keybinds , this should be the last time , hopefully
Reaver 's Ruin talent damage is computed on the fly so that Bloodlust can affect it
When the There and back again quest is done Zemekys home closes ( since they get out )
Fixed random crash on changing levels
Paradox Mage in the `` The Way We Were n't '' quest can not self resurrect even if the player could
Vox correctly states it increases vim
Inventory title bar ( in Metal UI ) fills up with a special color to represent encumberance
Fixed psi tooltip
Augmentation , Beyond the Flesh , and Quicker than Thought are now instant cast
Projection Mastery and Absorption Mastery now have whole-number cooldowns
Psi Archery talents now properly disallow sling use .
Mindhook inflicts a 1-turn daze
Reshape Armor buffed and description fixed
Clarified Shattering Charge description
Quicker than Thought now properly grants 20 % movement speed per talent level
Eldritch Blow and Eldritch Fury no longer produce errors when used without a shield
Eldritch Fury can now properly daze
Golem Crush now correctly checks the target 's susceptibility to pin instead of stun
Invisibility and Darkest Light reduce your damage output while invisible
Invisibility drains less mana
Invisibility Runes do not have charges anymore but prevent healing while active and reduce damage output
Removed speed runes
Made horror talent descriptions clearer
Anomalies now reduce paradox when they occur depending on the cost of the talent that triggered them ( the anomaly that does damage to spacetime still exists however )
Anomalies are now called before failure checks so the player ca n't hit a point where it 's impossible to trigger an anomaly
Rethread and Gather the Threads now have mechanics to reduce paradox
Energy Decompositoin description clarified
Brawler birth description clarified
On birth all talents are respecable
Rebalanced Epoch
Various chronomancy fixes
Have fun !
Some politicians who agree on almost nothing else have united in expressing concerns about the mine — especially its possible effect on water quality — including Representative Marilyn Musgrave , a Republican who represents the area , and Senator Ken Salazar , a Democrat .
Photo
Local environmentalists like Dan Bihn , an electrical engineer and environmental consultant who sits on the Fort Collins Electric Utilities Board , are caught in the middle .
“ I think nuclear needs to be on the table , and we need to work through this thing and we ca n't just emotionally react to it , ” Mr. Bihn said in an interview at Mugs Coffee Lounge , an environmentally correct cafe near the university , where the take-out forks are biodegradable . Asked about their own emotional reaction to the mining plan , Mr. Bihn paused . “ Deep down inside , my emotional reaction is that we should never do this , ” they said .
The central thorn in Fort Collins 's dilemma , some land-use and energy experts say , is that local and global simply do not mean what they once did .
“ Politically it 's going to become more complicated , ” said Bill Klein , the director of research at the American Planning Association , a nonprofit group that works with local governments . “ There 's always been this weighing of our individual desires against the greater good , but now we 're becoming much more attuned to a global responsibility , ” Mr. Klein said . “ We 've got to question some of the knee-jerk responses that we 've had in the past . ”
What green energy even means these days is probably the next question to ask .
Gov . Bill Ritter Jr. , a Democrat who was elected last year and who has made what they call “ the new energy economy ” a centerpiece of their administration , does not include uranium mining in the green portfolio , said Tom Plant , the director of the governor 's energy office . Mine regulators still handle questions about uranium , Mr. Plant said .
Ron Cattany , the director of the division of reclamation , mining and safety at the Colorado Department of Natural Resources , said that Powertech had not yet filed a formal application , but that the hurdles to opening any kind of new mine in Colorado , regardless of the location , were high .
Photo
There is no doubt that new money is chasing new energy . Company officials at Powertech , which is based in Denver , said they had spent more than $ 2 million so far buying land , or the option to buy , in the area where their proposed drilling would take place . They bought the minerals beneath the surface last year for an undisclosed price , and under what is called “ split estate , ” that gives them title to the uranium , no matter who owns the land on top of it .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Test drilling in the 1970s confirmed the existence of about 9.7 million pounds of uranium in deposits under 5,700 acres , according to the company 's Web site . At the current market price , which has risen about 30 percent in the last year , the ore would be worth about $ 860 million .
Mr. Cattany said that 10 other uranium projects — all involving the possible reopening of mothballed mines that use traditional open cut or underground methods , and all on the state 's less-populated western side — had come into a formal review or staff consideration over the last year as uranium prices shot up .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Powertech has proposed using what is called in-situ mining — chemicals are injected into the ground , releasing the uranium , which is then pumped to the surface . The process was developed in the 1950s and 1960s , but has never been used in Colorado for commercial mining , state officials said .
At least $ 250 million , meanwhile , has flowed into solar , wind and ethanol projects in Colorado over the last few years as well , according to state figures , and officials at the new solar company said they were seeing their share of the tide .
“ We 're not hurting , ” said Russ Kanjorski , the director of strategic planning for AVA Solar . Mr. Kanjorski declined to say how much the start-up costs might be for a factory , but said the company intended to build up to a production level of 4.5 million solar panels a year beginning in 2009 , employing up to 500 people , mostly engineers . “ Funding is not an issue for us , ” they said .
Photo
Mr. Kanjorski said that the environmental protections in using cadmium would be tight and that they expected the state would take a very close look at the water discharge and monitoring practices in particular , which they said were still being developed .
Jeff Lebesch , another member of the city 's utility board , said they worried that the popularity of some energy projects could make for bad public policy .
“ I think there is a risk that the popular ones have some things overlooked , ” said Mr. Lebesch , who is also a co-founder and president of New Belgium Brewing , a 16-year-old company that has been a leader in pushing energy conservation and renewable sources like wind power . As for nuclear power , Mr. Lebesch said they were not opposed , if the energy was really needed .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ The big issue of power plants is carbon emissions , ” they said , “ and nuclear plants do n't have them. ” The fuel is the bigger issue for him . Extracting uranium , processing it and disposing of it , they said , all have long-term , unresolved questions .
A spokesperson for Powertech , Lane Douglas , said the company 's proposal should be judged on facts , not beliefs or prejudices or what they conceded was a spotty environmental record for uranium mining .
“ The science will either be good science or it wo n't , ” said Mr. Douglas , the company 's Colorado land and project manager . “ We 're just saying give us a fair hearing . ”
Ariana Friedlander , an advertising sales representative , who was having lunch at Mugs on a recent afternoon , said they were trying to be consistent . Ms. Friedlander said they opposed the mine but thought the solar factory should be closely regulated , too .
“ I do n't know of anyone who 's really for it , ” they said of the mine . “ But we should n't be giving the other guys a pass because they 're sexy right now . ”
Tuesday 's shutdown of the spine of the transit system underscores a basic flaw that leaves Toronto commuters all too vulnerable . We are too dependent on the Yonge line and on the Yonge-Bloor interchange . Put bluntly , the TTC screwed up this essential east-west-north-south distributor when it constructed the Bloor-Danforth subway some 50 years ago .
Riders pack the platforms at Bloor-Yonge station at rush hour . ( Marcus Oleniuk / Toronto Star )
Planners wanted to focus the Bloor-Danforth line farther south into downtown ; TTC opted for the idea of sparking land development farther north . Planners advocated for options that allow specific east-west trains to head downtown without forcing passengers off the train at Yonge . The special interchange was put in , but TTC abandoned it after a six-month trial . Today , the need for it is obvious . Consultant and former planner David Crowley calls it the “ TTC 's original sin. ” Ed Levy , one of the deans of transit planning , goes near berserk when they talk about it .
Article Continued Below
“ It 's got to the point where the Bloor-Yonge station is dangerous . They desperately need to separate the two directions and ca n't think of it with Hudson Bay ( office tower ) sitting on top of it. ” Then , with 80-storey towers planned for Bloor-Yonge — “ It 's nuts , ” Levy says . “ It will have to be improved , absolutely . The coming density is equivalent to midtown Manhattan . Towers going up that will double the density in a few years . Every single block is going to be redeveloped . And it is the most heavily used junction of two-track subway lines in the world . “ It was never meant to be such a heavy transfer point. ” You do n't hear much talk about that . There is another choke-point , already at the point of strangling , in successful and desirable downtown Toronto . It 's Union Station , under renovation and at near capacity as soon as the current fix-up is done .
Fixing those two most critical transit links is much more important than running new subways into the suburbs . They should be priority number one for the tall foreheads analyzing our transit future . And these planners and number-crunchers should be emboldened to scream bloody murder when politicians and developers interfere to divert our attention from this essential reality .
Article Continued Below
Projections show that downtown jobs will continue to grow and attract thousands of new riders over the next 25 or 50 years . That 's good news . Jobs generate transit riders . Jobs concentrated in a defined area generate even more riders , and at the least cost . Be very skeptical of those who quote you the numbers of condos or residential units or people in a particular corridor and use that as justification for a subway . Exhibit A is the Sheppard Subway . More than 20 condo towers are going up around the Bessarion station , between Bayview and Leslie . But do n't expect ridership numbers there to skyrocket past what are the absolute lowest ridership numbers on the entire subway system : 2,380 a day . ( The next lowest is Summerhill , at 5,770 users , based on 2014 TTC statistics ) . Sheppard Ave. residents are fanning out to job all over the GTA , and the car beats transit to those disparate locations , almost always . They call subways “ mass transit ” for a reason . They are designed for corridors that generate four to eight times the number of riders we get along Sheppard . You do n't have to be a planner or politician to wonder if the following makes sense : City council and the TTC , and Metrolinx , have agreed that the Yonge subway will not be extended up to Richmond Hill until capacity concerns are addressed . The new stations would attract lots of riders , including new ones , but they would just add to the crush south of Eglinton , and at Bloor-Yonge , and at Union Station ( already near capacity . ) That 's tough for Richmond Hill residents , but it passes the smell test . ( Add capacity to the GO Richmond Hill line , make the fares attractive and that will buy us some time on the Yonge line . ) If that makes sense , why not a similar take on these two head-scratchers : First , Mayor John Tory has railroaded their SmartTrack plan to the top of the priority list , even though all the SmartTrack passengers will be funneled through the Union Station pinch point . Second , Tory promotes , in tandem , the extension of the Bloor-Danforth subway to Scarborough Town Centre — a project that will dump even more passengers into the challenged Bloor-Yonge interchange . Nearly half the Town Centre commuters are headed downtown . You can anticipate that some councillor will point out the twisted thinking when city council debates the issues in June . Do n't expect a reasonable explanation . Royson James usually appears Tuesday , Thursday and Saturday . Email : rjames @ thestar.ca
Read more about :
Orchis italica , commonly known as the naked man orchid or the Italian orchid , is a species of orchid native to the Mediterranean . [ 2 ] It gets its common name from the lobed lip ( labellum ) of each flower which mimics the general shape of a naked man . It prefers partial shade and low nutrient soil and flowers in April . O. italica grows up to 50 centimetres ( 20 in ) in height , with bright pink , densely clustered flowers . They are found commonly and widespread in the Mediterranean in large clusters . [ 3 ]
Orchis italica
inflorescence inflorescence
Distribution [ edit ]
Orchis italica is native to southwestern Europe ( Balearic Islands , Portugal , Sardinia , and Spain ) , southeastern Europe ( Albania , Greece , Italy , Crete , Sicily , and countries of the former Yugoslavia ) , western Asia ( Cyprus , the East Aegean Islands , Lebanon , Syria , Israel , Palestinian Territories and Turkey ) , and northern Africa ( Algeria , Libya , Morocco , and Tunisia ) . [ 4 ]
References [ edit ]
Media related to Orchis italica at Wikimedia Commons
Media related to at Wikimedia Commons Data related to Orchis italica at Wikispecies
Google has won its court case against Viacom , where it was facing a $ 1 billion claim for allowing users to upload copyrighted clips to YouTube . The landmark case is expected to have a major impact on future cases dealing with the responsibilities of the operators of user-generated media libraries , including BitTorrent sites .
Over the past years Google has been battling in court with Viacom over the question of whether YouTube is protected against copyright infringement claims under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( DMCA ) .
Yesterday , U.S. District Court Judge Louis Stanton granted Google 's motion for summary judgment , ruling that Google is protected by the DMCA 's safe harbor provision . Effectively , this means that YouTube does n't have to remove any clips unless they are asked to do so by copyright holders .
“ If a service provider knows of specific instances of infringement , the provider must promptly remove the infringing material . If not , the burden is on the owner to identify the infringement . General knowledge that infringement is ‘ ubiquitous ' does not impose a duty on the service provider to monitor or search its service for infringements , ” Judge Stanton wrote .
In a response , Google claimed the judgment to be a victory for all the people who ‘ share ' on the Internet . “ This is an important victory not just for us , but also for the billions of people around the world who use the web to communicate and share experiences with each other , ” the company wrote on its blog .
This judgment is obviously a huge win for YouTube and other video hosting services , but it also sets an important precedent for BitTorrent sites . Google 's YouTube shows striking similarities to torrent sites as it allows users to submit content . The only difference is that YouTube actually hosts the uploaded files , whereas torrent sites only link to content indirectly through .torrent files .
The Pirate Bay aside , nearly all torrent sites work closely together with copyright holders to ensure that their rights are respected . Like YouTube , IsoHunt and others have strict notice and takedown policies and swiftly remove .torrent files pointing to infringing material when they are notified by copyright holders .
Despite the similarities , BitTorrent sites have n't been very successful in court thus far . Using the same arguments as Google did in its case against Viacom , Mininova and isoHunt have both argued in court that they were protected by a DMCA ( -like ) safe harbor , but both eventually lost their case .
The good news is that both isoHunt and Mininova have still options to appeal , and with yesterday 's landmark victory in hand their chances of winning may have increased .
If anything , BitTorrent sites should be seen as less infringing than video hosting sites because they only link to copyright infringing content indirectly through .torrent files . If Judge Stanton 's decision is translated to BitTorrent sites , it means that under safe harbor protection sites like isoHunt and Mininova would operate legally and would n't have to use filtering mechanisms to prevent users from uploading ‘ infringing ' torrents .
Viacom , meanwhile , is n't done with Google and Youtube just yet . “ We believe that this ruling by the lower court is fundamentally flawed and contrary to the language of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act , the intent of Congress , and the views of the Supreme Court , ” the company said in a statement .
I liked Daredevil Season 2 a lot . I did n't like it quite as much as Season 1 , but it was always going to be impossible to find someone to live up to Vincent D'Onofrio 's take on Wilson Fisk ( who still effortlessly steals the few scenes they get this season ) . But the writing and the acting for Frank Castle , aka The Punisher , is compelling as hell , enough to spark a lively debate about the appeal of vigilante justice and gun violence in American culture .
The tangled , messy web of corruption behind the death of the Punisher 's family , the complicity of the state and the media in creating him , their turnaround in becoming a criminal defendant in the Trial of the Century , and the moral ambiguity of Castle 's past as a soldier who exposes the American public 's hypocrisy by bringing the brutal logic of the overseas War on Terror stateside—that 's all great stuff .
The problem is all that great stuff is only half of Daredevil Season 2 . There 's a whole other half that 's almost totally disconnected from the Frank Castle plot , the Nelson and Murdock law firm , and New York City politics . There 's a full 50 percent of Daredevil Season 2 that 's total crap , and that half is the part with the ninjas .
( I 'm going to insist on using the English plural “ ninjas ” and not the Japanese plural “ ninja ” precisely to antagonize that portion of the comics-reading audience that expects me to take comic-book ninjas as a serious expression of Japanese culture . )
Look , I , like every other Asian-American geek in the country , was on board with the # AAIronFist petition , which asked Marvel to consider casting an Asian-American actor as the traditionally white kung fu superhero Danny Rand . I have nothing against Finn Jones as an actor and I think they could probably do a reasonable job with a “ faithful ” adaptation of the Iron Fist character . Just like I did n't think it was a necessity that the racially ambiguous Dr . Strange be cast as an Asian guy , although making their faithful manservant Chinese felt like a slap to the face .
But here 's what gets me : They did do a “ race lift ” of a martial arts-oriented character . They took Elektra Natchios , who , if you could n't tell from their name , is supposed to be Greek , and cast the French-Cambodian actor Elodie Yung to play them In order to justify this casting choice they radically changed Elektra 's backstory , making them an adopted child of the Greek ambassador Hugo Natchios rather than their biological daughter and removing the daddy issues between them and Hugo that—in case you could n't tell from the not-very-subtle reference in them name—played a big role in their original characterization .
All of this is exactly the same as what people asked for when they asked for kung fu superhero Iron Fist to be an Asian guy . “ Danny Rand ” could easily be the name of an Asian kid adopted by a Caucasian family . All the stuff in Danny Rand 's story about them being a Mighty Whitey outsider to “ kung fu ” culture could be about an Asian-American guy reconnecting with legends and folklore he 'd long dismissed as irrelevant to him . We even have precedent for that in the Marvel Cinematic Universe , with Stellan Skarsgard 's Dr. Selvig 's incredulous reaction to the absurdity of their childhood stories of Thor and Loki being real .
But for whatever reason , they decided against that . They were willing to “ racebend ” one well-known character—one who 's already had a movie where they were played by Jennifer Garner—but not a much more obscure character who , unlike Elektra , was the focus of a massive community demand for positive representation .
So what gives ? What are the differences between those two characters ?
Just off the top of my head : Elektra is n't the hero of their own story , and Danny Rand is . Elektra is n't really heroic at all , in fact , while Danny Rand is . Elektra , in all their portrayals , is an amoral killer who 's a foil for Matt Murdock 's morality , and in this particular portrayal she 's some sort of inherently evil demonic killing machine . Danny Rand , by contrast , is an ordinary likable guy in over their head trying to do their best—the kind of Everyman hero we 're used to seeing played by white guys named Chris .
Finally—and this is the big one—Elektra is a hot chick who 's there as a love interest for a white guy main character to lust after , and for the audience to lust after by extension in various sex scenes and half-naked fight scenes . Danny Rand is a guy , and therefore of less interest to fetishists , thanks to the racial preference hierarchy that says Asian women get to be sex objects and Asian men get to be invisible .
The worst thing about this is that the producers of Daredevil actually knew this dynamic existed . They obliquely refer to it by having one of their minor characters be a scumbag Asian Studies professor who hires Asian women to help them live out their creepy ( but predictable ) geisha fantasies . The producers know that making Daredevil 's femme fatale a sexy ninja girl from the Orient would be playing directly into the preferences of a certain genus of skeevy nerd . They knew it would be , as the kids say these days , a bad look . They poked fun at themselves for doing it . But they did it anyway .
It 's not just Elektra , though . Elektra themselves is a pretty cool character—Elodie Yung 's interpretation is both truer to the comics version and more interesting in its own right than Jennifer Garner 's . If Elektra were the only annoying use of stereotyping in this story I would n't be that bothered by it .
It 's the entire plot Elektra comes from . It 's the fact that Daredevil goes back to the familiar well of defining its warring gang families by ethnicity—the “ Kitchen Irish , ” the Latino “ Juarez Cartel , ” the Anglo biker gang the “ Dogs of Hell ” —but while all the other gangs are made up of human beings with human criminal motivations , the Japanese yakuza and the Chinese drug runners both turn out to be fronts for mysterious—dare I say it , inscrutable—forces of supernatural evil .
For a show that 's trying really hard to be grim and gritty and grounded in real-world controversy—gentrification , the drug trade , the war on terror—in the other 50 percent of its plot , having the yakuza turn out to be pawns of an evil ninja cult that actually go gallivanting around in ridiculously conspicuous ninja outfits feels jarringly out of place . There 's no justification given for why a quasi-realistic setting would have ninjas going around fighting with swords and bows and arrows , especially since the climactic last fight scene of Daredevil Season 2 is , in fact , resolved thanks to the Punisher demonstrating that “ traditional ” ninja warfare is n't very effective against a sniper rifle .
Here 's the litmus test I used for a comparison : the Kitchen Irish play with Irish stereotypes quite a bit . The scene where they 're introduced is on-the-nose in several respects—all of them are eating cabbage and ham and drinking beer , their leader makes a speech about surviving the potato famine , everyone says the word “ shite ” a lot . At one point a brutal mob boss with a thick Irish accent taunts our hero , “ The Irish may not have invented revenge but we sure perfected it . ”
And yet . Matt Murdock , our hero , has an Irish name and comes from an Irish family and yet is a hero with no connection to the Irish mob . The turncoat character from the Irish mob , Elliot “ Grotto ” Grote , is a complex and flawed person we come to sympathize with .
Most importantly , even with the stereotypes on display , the Irish mobsters are normal human beings . They are n't being manipulated by an evil cult of green-jacketed leprechauns on a mystical quest to find the Spear of Lugh . They fight with guns , as opposed to eschewing firearms in favor of the noble art of the shillelagh .
They are n't , in other words , so stereotypical as to be stupid .
By contrast , every Asian character in Daredevil is working for some kind of demonic force—the corrupt Japanese business people and gun-toting Japanese gangsters are just henchmen for black-clad mystical killers right out of the Ask a Ninja video . ( The Chinese gangsters are working for the equally supernaturally evil Madame Gao , who 's played low-key in Daredevil but seems set up to be a villain for Iron Fist , boding ill for that show . )
Our token good guy Asian character , Elektra , turns out to be the evil chosen one created by the evil ninjas to be their evil ninja leader . The recurring evil ninja bad guy , Nobu , has no particular personality traits other than being supernaturally powerful and mysterious .
Most egregiously of all , the equivalent to Grotto in the ninja storyline , the Hand cult 's hapless accountant Stan Gibson , is the only visible member of their organization who 's not Asian . That 's right , the one ordinary man among the Hand , the one who shows remorse and turns to Daredevil for help when their masters kidnap their son , is their only white guy .
They had a golden opportunity to include just one Asian character who did n't know martial arts and was n't a remorseless killing machine , and they didn't—that was the one member of the Hand who had to be a white guy .
Again : Not a good look .
Yes , I 'm aware that the “ Secret War ” between the two warring ninja clans of the Hand and the Chaste was a fundamental element of old-school 1980s Daredevil . It was silly and kind of racist then—silly enough to inspire a parody that outstripped the original by turning one of the ninja clans into anthropomorphic turtles—and it 's an even worse look now . It 's an especially bad look when the “ good ” ninja clan , the Chaste , is presented as a hodgepodge multiethnic coalition and the “ bad ” one , the Hand , is an army of identical brainwashed uniformly Japanese soldiers . Especially since the sole Asian member of the Chaste , Elektra , turns out to have been the Hand 's evil chosen one all along .
Look . Did the producers of Daredevil set out to create a storyline where every single Asian character is an agent of supernatural evil who is deeply corrupted by that evil and empowered to be a monstrous killing machine because of it ? I doubt they thought of it in those terms . They just took existing tropes from the comics and ran with them without thinking too hard—and lo and behold , an army of interchangeable evil ninjas plus one sexy femme fatale is what they got .
That 's exactly what people have been complaining about . People made a big deal about black superheroes like Falcon and Black Panther and Luke Cage precisely because no one would admit to setting out to have armies of interchangeable black thugs who existed to be beaten up by righteous white heroes . But when mostly-white comics creators were n't prodded to think about representation , that 's what they came up with .
I 'm deeply disappointed in Marvel 's decision-making process with Daredevil and Iron Fist because they 've held themselves to a higher standard elsewhere . They made Agent Carter , Jessica Jones and the upcoming Captain Marvel film because they 've heard people say it 's important for women to have their own stories and not just be damsels in distress or femmes fatales for male heroes . They 're making Black Panther and Luke Cage because of how important it is to have black representation that is n't just loyal sidekicks and nameless henchmen .
But we 've been talking for decades about how obnoxious it is—and how damaging it is—to have Asian cultures treated as a colorful setting for white heroes to explore , how tiresome it is to live with the expectation that if you see someone like yourself on screen they 'll either be an exotic sexpot or one of an army of disposable ninja bad guys in shinobi masks .
I 'm not against doing Iron Fist on principle . I enjoy a good kung fu adventure as much as the next guy . I 'm not against doing the Hand storyline from Daredevil either . I just ask that if you use tired stereotypes you put a little thought into them—that you treat real Asian people with the same modicum of respect the writers give Matt Murdock 's Irish heritage and Catholic faith , that you think through the concept of “ evil ninja cult ” with the same modicum of creativity with which the makers of Iron Man 3 approached the idea of “ the Mandarin ” as a villain .
Because when you do n't put thought into how you use tropes , tropes can lead you to a really bad place without your being aware of it . The world of Marvel 's Daredevil is a world where literally any Asian face you see is going to be a member of some sort of evil magical conspiracy and therefore the smart thing to do is kill them now before they stab you with their poisoned blades .
They did n't mean to make that implication , but it 's there . And they did n't mean to make me feel unwelcome in this fictional universe they created , but they did .
The petition for an Asian-American Iron Fist was a very simple , fairly mild ask—no one asked for taking a flagship character and changing their race , just that if the MCU played around with Orientalism they could show they were playing with some self-awareness . It 's a test that , unfortunately , the MCU continues to fail .
Dive Brief :
Arizona Public Service Co. and a group of solar interests filed a settlement on rate design and rooftop solar compensation with the Arizona Corporation Commission , following years of contentious debate .
Under the agreement , new rooftop solar customers would be paid $ 0.129/kWh for excess energy exported to the grid . The export rate would decline 10 % annually for new rooftop solar systems , but customers would lock in their rates for 10 years when they sign up .
Solar energy consumed by end users themselves would be valued at about $ 0.105/kWh , but exact rates would vary by customer usage patterns and rate design . The offset rate would be lower for demand charge rate options , likely between $ 0.096 and $ 0.078/kWh .
The agreement also includes rate design options for rooftop solar and non-rooftop solar customers , including time-of-use rates and residential demand charges . The agreement also establishes a 20-year grandfathering period for customers who file an interconnection application before a decision is issued in the rate case .
​Dive Insight :
After five years of debate over rooftop solar compensation and rate design , Arizona Public Service and solar interests have filed a settlement that could provide policy stability for installers the utility 's service area .
Under the new agreement , rooftop solar customers can choose from four rate design options that include a time-of-use rate plan with a grid access charge or a demand-based rate plan without a grid access charge . The settlement does not include a mandatory demand charge , as APS originally proposed .
The export rate for rooftop solar energy is set for this year at $ 0.129/kWh , and will step down 10 % annually in years to come for new customers . Customers would receive the export rate of the year of their interconnection application for 10 years .
The export rate is different , however , from the offset rate — the rate solar customers will be credited on their utility bills for every kWh of self-generated solar they consume . The offset , according to the settlement , will be determined by the `` load profile and production profile of APS customers with DG . ''
At the outset , the settlement estimates the offset rate would be about $ 0.105/kWh , but will depend on `` individual usage patters and DG system size , orientation , and production . ''
For the demand-charge rate design , the solar energy consumed onsite will likely be valued between $ 0.096 and $ 0.078/kWh , according to APS .
Both the export and offset rates are below what rooftop solar customers are paid under retail rate net metering — between $ 0.13/kWh and $ 0.014/kWh in Arizona . Existing solar users would be able to keep their original retail rate compensation for 20 years .
If the settlement is approved by regulators , Arizona will join a growing number of states where utilities and solar advocates have reached deals to move away from retail rate net metering . Similar compromises were notably reached in New York and Colorado last year .
The deal is the product of half a decade of solar debates in Arizona . In 2015 , after two years of contested regulatory proceedings , regulators opened a value of solar docket to settle the rooftop compensation issue .
At the end of 2016 , regulators concluded that docket by deciding to end the retail rate net metering program in favor of new compensation models based on utilities ' avoided cost rates for other generation . The final compensation rates , however , were to be determined in individual rate cases .
Earlier this year , the ACC approved a rate proposal from Tucson Electric Power , which offered time-of-use and residential demand charge options , as well as a modest increase in solar fees . The TEP decision , however , did not include a final ruling on rooftop solar compensation , setting up the APS rate case to provide a precedent for the state .
`` It 's been our position to get ahead [ of rooftop solar issues ] and try to create a sustainable solar path , '' said Greg Bernosky , director of regulation and compliance at APS . `` It 's intended as a bridge to other technologies . We did n't solve for [ just for ] solar ; we wanted to solve for things that are starting to happen . ''
The settlement does n't stop at rate design and solar compensation . All parties involved pledged in a separate agreement to stand by the settlement if it is approved and refrain from undermining it through ballot initiatives or advocacy tactics at the ACC .
The settlement would also institute a self-build moratorium for APS , meaning the utility can not attempt to build any new generation before 2022 unless given explicit approval by the ACC . The moratorium extends to the end of December 2027 for combined-cycle gas generation units , but exempts microgrids , renewables , distributed generation , power purchases and upgrades to existing facilities .
Solar advocates applauded the agreement , approved by 30 of 40 stakeholders in the docket . The Arizona Solar Energy Industries Association ( AriSEIA ) hopes the settlement will end `` years of attacks on the rooftop solar industry in Arizona . ''
`` The future of Arizona 's solar industry was very much on the line in this case and while this settlement does n't help Arizona solar grow , it allows solar to remain a viable option for some Arizonans , ” Brandon Cheshire , president of the board of AriSEIA , said in a statement .
This post has been updated to clarify information about the solar export rate .
Joseph Muscat , Malta 's prime minister , says hunters have been given a last chance after a proposed ban is narrowly defeated in referendum
The spring hunting of quail and turtle doves , an activity that is banned across Europe , will continue unabated in Malta after voters in a referendum rejected a proposed ban .
The historic referendum was decided on a razor thin margin , with just 2,220 more votes deciding against the ban out of a total of of 250,648 votes cast . The “ yes ” camp won 50.4 % of the vote thanks to a strong showing for the pro-hunting contingent on the island of Gozo , which is part of Malta .
Polls before the vote on Saturday had shown a six-point lead for conservationists , who backed a ban .
Malta braces for referendum over spring bird hunting Read more
Joseph Muscat , Malta 's prime minister , said the public had given a last chance for hunters to practise their tradition . “ But hunters have to understand that the story has changed for them , totally . Practically half the people do not want spring hunting to continue , ” they said . “ They have to understand that they must respect the law in the spring hunting season that will open on Tuesday . ”
BirdLife Malta , which led the campaign against spring hunting , described it as “ missed opportunity to end the killing of birds in spring ” .
BirdLife Malta ( @ BirdLife_Malta ) The provisional result shows it 's a Yes win.A missed opportunity to end the killing of birds in spring which most people believe should stop
Hunters are a politically powerful group in Malta , and the leaders of the two main political parties said before the vote that they did not support a ban on spring hunting .
The European court of justice gave Malta special permission to hunt quail and turtle doves in 2009 , , ruling that a limited period should be allowed because hunters did not have enough birds to hunt in the autumn season .
According to government-compiled data based on hunters ' own reports , about 2,480 turtle doves and 1,688 quails were shot during the 2014 autumn season , the lowest number ever recorded . In the spring , 4,131 turtle doves , 38 % of the permitted quota , and 637 quail were shot .
Chris Packham : Malta is a bird hell Read more
Saviour Balzan , an anti-hunting activist and managing editor of the English-language newspaper MaltaToday , said : “ We did what we could . We did n't do it for our personal ends . Today in 2015 , we know that at least 49 % cent of the electorate does not want spring hunting . ”
The result may not reflect diehard support for hunters . Even anti-hunting activists have acknowledged that hunting has changed dramatically in Malta since the 1980s and early 1990s , when it was largely an unchecked and unregulated pastime .
Since Malta joined the EU , fines and penalties are doled out against people who illegally hunt protected birds , and the periods during which hunting is allowed have been curtailed .
“ With only a narrow vote to continue to allow this cruel and unnecessary carnage , it is time for the Maltese government to demonstrate that it is determined to stamp out illegal hunting , ” said Joe Duckworth , chief executive for the League Against Cruel Sports in the UK . “ Enforcement must be improved and strengthened so that illegal hunters are caught and punished appropriately . ”
tldr buff ult nerf auras Sona has received minor changes in an attempt to balance her , but the big reshaping of their kit was in patch 6.14 , which made them ult give their basic abilities cooldown reduction . > Things have been quiet for Sona over the past few seasons , so the sheer volume of changes here may look intimidating . In actuality , they all lead to one simple outcome : “ Sona plays more music. ” Let 's begin . > Sona shares a problem with many supports : it feels like she 's not doing much , even when she 's doing a lot . To tackle that problem , we 're playing into their unique game of musical buffs . Here 's how it works : as fights unfold , Sona cycles between abilities , sending pulses of utility to nearby allies . Spellcasting activates Power Chord , offering Sona choices in how to neutralize their foes . These strengths grant Sona flexibility as the maven of extended engagements . > Here 's where the feel-bad problem lies : Sona 's cadence is too slow to fulfill that fantasy . Dead air between beats creates downtime for both auras and Power Chords , relegating Sona to the background track . A remastered Crescendo passive solves that problem as Sona levels up , combining with cooldown reduction to cut their basic ability cooldowns by up to 67 % . Understandably , we 're adjusting the rest of Sona 's kit to ensure they do n't go off the rails . Overall , Sona 's left with clearer purpose : transform fights into endless streams of song ( and utility ) as they scale into late-game . I may just not appreciate the stuff about music because I play league with the sound off , but apart from that the problem the patch tried to address was that `` it feels like she 's not doing much , even when she 's doing a lot '' . Unnoticed power is an issue because people want to feel like they 're contributing to winning and want to be noticed for what they 're doing , but supports , especially aura supports , often suffer from abilities that do a lot to make their team win but are n't very noticeable . I agree up to this point , this is a problem . I do n't think they dealt with the problem of sona not feeling like they do a lot despite actually doing a lot correctly though . Sona has insanely strong scaling with their auras because they get down to such low cooldowns , but because their basic abilities offer small , subtle , and supportive power they are n't recognized as the crazy strong teamfight carrying auras they actually are . But rather have power shifted to more noticeable abilities , sona got even more abilities giving subtle power . As context about sona , I think their ult is their most iconic , flashy , noticeable , obviously powerful ability . When you think of big sona plays , you think crescendo . But as far as their actual power , I think a lot of it is in their auras . I 'm pretty sure I could get to diamond 5 on sona without ever ulting ( well , that was before nerfs , I 'm not sure about now ) . Them auras are actually super strong because they can spam so many of them and outscale that way . How their basic abilities feel does n't reflect that strength though . Them ult , on the other hand , feels and seems extremely strong and has very clear cases of `` wow , sona just hit a great ult '' where it 's very easy to see the connection between what sona did and why sona won . So if you accept that their ult is their obviously powerful ability and their basic abilities are more subtle sources of power , it seems wrong to address the problem of not feeling strong by increasing the quantity of basic abilities . Since their ult is the ability with clear skill expression , that should be how they are made to feel stronger . The aura cdr on ult should be removed and compensated for with power that feels like power . For one thing , sona 's kit is n't really in line with other supports because they outscales them but to compensate has almost no hard cc early game . Them ult is on a 140 second cooldown at level 6 , and that 's it . As a result I often just mentally afk early/mid game on sona and do nothing because a ) I 'll outscale later and b ) there 's nothing I can do now . So sona 's ult should be on a lower cooldown early ( maybe just make it 100s at all ranks ) . Them passive is another form of skill expression although I do n't think it 's as obvious , especially them w is extremely strong but often unnoticed . But even so it would be something else to make it feel like `` sona just did something '' when sona does something . So maybe when sona ults their next power chord could stun or do double its normal effect . It would also be nice to make them ult a bit wider or start a bit farther back or something , because sometimes the current ult can miss people right next to you . I 'm not sure exactly what changes would be good or the specific numbers , but I think the main thing is they give power to their ult rather than auras spam , because their ult is what feels like it does a lot , not them auras .
Title
Body Cancel
Save
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court on Tuesday called for more hearings on whether a new Republican-backed voter-ID law can be implemented this fall without disenfranchising voters who currently lack the needed photo identification .
The decision drew sharp rebukes from two of the six justices . They said it was already clear that some legitimate voters could not secure the needed ID in time for the election .
“ I have heard enough about the Commonwealth 's scramble to meet this law 's requirements , ” wrote Justice Debra McCloskey Todd . “ There is ample evidence of disarray in the record , and I would not allow chaos to beget chaos . ”
Pennsylvania 's law , passed this spring on a strictly partisan vote and signed by Gov . Tom Corbett ( R ) , is one of the most restrictive in the country in terms of the specific kind of photo ID required and the documentation needed to secure an ID .
Because of Pennsylvania 's historic role as a battleground state , the law has taken a prominent role in the voting wars that have swamped the country 's courts this year .
Republicans in the legislature , concerned about machine politics in Philadelphia , have said the photo-ID requirement is necessary to combat voter fraud .
Democrats note that the state has not proved such fraud exists and argue that the real purpose is to make it harder for urban , poor and minority voters , who are more likely than others to lack the kind of specific ID the law requires .
Their position , they say , was reinforced when House Majority Leader Mike Turzai ( R ) listed the law as an accomplishment at a meeting of GOP activists .
“ Voter ID — which is going to allow Governor Romney to win the state of Pennsylvania — done , ” they said .
Commonwealth Court Judge Robert Simpson said Turzai 's “ boastful ” comment was regrettable but added that requiring photo ID was not particularly burdensome , and they expressed confidence that Pennsylvania officials could provide proper ID to otherwise qualified voters in time for the election .
But the Supreme Court majority was not sure that goal could be met . The law could well be constitutional in the long run , it said , but could disenfranchise voters in the coming election .
It returned the case to Simpson and told them to conduct a hearing and rule by Oct. 2 on whether the state would be able to provide IDs to all eligible voters who wanted them .
“ We are not satisfied with a mere predictive judgment based primarily on the assurances of government officials , even though we have no doubt they are proceeding in good faith , ” the court said in an unsigned opinion .
“ If the Commonwealth Court is not still convinced in its predictive judgment that there will be no voter disenfranchisement arising out of the Commonwealth 's implementation of a voter identification requirement for purposes of the upcoming election , that court is obliged to enter a preliminary injunction , ” the opinion said .
David Gersch , a Washington lawyer who is helping to represent individuals and groups challenging the law , said they will be able to show considerable confusion and delay in the state 's efforts to provide the IDs .
“ Given the effort to try to shoehorn this in on a very short time frame , that 's understandable , ” Gersch said .
Corbett said in a statement that they were pleased that the court “ recognized that we have been working hard and in good faith ” to implement the law . They said the state will continue to help voters obtain the required identification .
The elected Supreme Court is evenly divided between three Democrats and three Republicans , with one justice not participating because they are facing charges on an unrelated issue .
Todd and another Democrat , Seamus McCaffery , said the court should have delayed implementation of the law without sending it back to lower courts .
McCaffery said they had no argument with the requirement that Pennsylvania show photo ID at some point in the future . But they said it is “ clear to me that the reason for the urgency of implementing [ the law ] prior to the November 2012 election is purely political . ”
Polishes : Salon Perfect Sugar Cube , Sally Hansen Black Out , and OPI Race Red
Detail Art Brush
Dotting Tool
Fast Drying Topcoat : Seche Vite
Hiya guys . How 's it going today ? I 've been so anxious to go home already and play with polish . It 's so frustrating when inspiration hits and I 'm stuck in the middle of work . Of course , I 'll go home and my mojo will be completely missing in action . I 'll be left to sing 'baby come back to me ' to myself as I play the world 's the smallest violin . That 's what ended up happening to me last night , just in time for this weeks Red Coat Tuesday . It was so frustrating and it took an entire bag of chocolate to finally get me to come up with a mani . Oh the sacrifices us nail girls make , haha . What I ended up doing is actually half PLL inspired and half Valentine appropriate . Let 's have a look : This mani is actually a recreation of a mani I created around this time last year . Originally , I did all the polka dots on a white base , but this year I decided some more red was in order.Here are the materials used to create this look : I think this mani could of worked out with any number of color combinations . A really funky variation could be a different base color on every nail . Kind of retro feeling . The macro shot is one of my favorites of all time . I 'm really proud of how the lips turned out , but I think I could of been neater with the polka dots.What do you guys think ? Any PLL fans excited for tonight 's episode ? As always be sure to check out the other ladies participating in this weeks Red Coat Tuesday .
Granted , it 's been 10+ years since I went through EMT school , but I still remember the gist of it . I remember often thinking the course was being dumbed down – taught to the lowest common educational denominator , which at least in the State of VA can be a GED . I actually think that 's fine – someone with a GED can do a great H & P , start CPR when needed and fashion a pretty good sling out of cravats . But EMT class is often the entry point for many folks with capability and ambitions to continue well-beyond the EMT level . I 'm a firm believer in setting expectations high – assume your students want to learn as much as possible , and believe that they can . Do n't assume that they ca n't understand why . Looking back on medical school and a year of Emergency Medicine Residency , I 've complied a few things I wish I had known earlier .
1 . Appendicitis pain presents around the belly button for a reason
As an EMT , I never understood why appendicitis often presented as periumbillical pain . Understanding things helps me remember better than mere memorization – that 's true for many people . The classic presentation ( 50-60 % of patients ) for appendicitis is pain that starts near the belly button and migrates to the right lower quadrant . To understand this migration , you just need to know a bit about how the abdomen is innervated . When the appendix first gets inflamed , it 's still small and is n't pushing against other structures . The pain one feels is deep , visceral pain ( think “ gut ” ) , which happens to follow a course along the midline of the abdomen , known as the splanchnic nerves . This is why patients perceive pain in the middle of their abdomen even though the appendix is located in the right lower quadrant . As the inflammation and infection worsen , the appendix swells and begins to irritate the muscle and tissues of the abdominal wall , producing pain in the right lower quadrant .
2 . Vitals really are as important as everyone says they are
I will concede that my EMT instructors definitely tried to tell us this . Often though , vitals are taught in the second lesson in EMT class , just after the chapter on consent and other medical-legal issues . It 's taught up front in a focused lesson , but really should be a longitudinal study . We spend much more time up front focusing on how to take those vitals , and less time as we go along learning how to interpret and act on those vitals . Ask yourself – how long is your differential diagnosis for hypotension ? Bradycardia ?
If you 're struggling for more than 5 , try this : at the top of an index card , write “ hypotension. ” List all the diagnoses you can . Now make similar cards for hypertension , bradycardia , tachycardia , respiratory depression , tachypnea , hypothermia and hyperthermia . Carry the cards with you on shift . Ask colleagues to help expand your list . Pay attention to which conditions appear on multiple cards . You 'll be surprised how much you can learn . And next time you feel like you are doing EMT-B & % $ # work by taking vitals , you 'll realize you 're probably the most important person on scene .
3 . If you communicate well , doctors and nurses WILL listen to your turnover
We want to hear your turnover , if nothing else because you 've probably asked 70 % of what we will , and that will save us time . Being assertive , confident and organized in your presentations is 99 % of the battle . Believe it or not , we also really really wish we could have access to the patient care report you wrote . Those initial vital signs and early medication administrations can affect medical decision-making downstream , especially if your patient gets admitted .
4 . Stomas , Fistulas , Ports & Other Medical Devices
The EMT curriculum fails to educate providers about common medical procedures and indwelling devices . I never learned about the pieces and parts of a foley , colostomy , mediport or dialysis fistula , yet in any given day , 40-50 % of EMS calls can be to Specialized Nursing Facilities ( SNFs ) where patients have problems with any or all of these devices . We do an ok job with complex devices like LVADs , but there are tremendous gaps otherwise . Here 's one to start :
Stoma – Any human-made hole through skin or tissue that connects a normally internal structure to the outside world . So , the hole in someone with a trach is a “ tracheostomy ; ” the bag attached to the hole coming out of someone 's abdomen and intestines is a “ colostomy , ” just like the drain in the head of a kid with hydrocephalus is a “ ventriculostomy. ” If you want to know the grossest thing on the planet regarding stomas , look up “ Philadelphia Sidecar ” on UrbanDictionary . Yes , it 's a thing .
5 . Normal Values for Basic Labs
Along the same lines as above , many patients are sent to the ED by a doctor due to an abnormal lab value . Arguably , if the lab is concerning enough that the doctor wants the patient seen emergently in the ED , then you should probably know the normal range for that value , and what to expect if it 's high or low . If you responded to an urgent care center for a potassium of 8.2 , would you think to call a Paramedic ? I know I would n't have 5 years ago . Turns out hyperkalemia can kill you , but you do n't get to learn that until Paramedic School . Whenever I need something complex explained eloquently , I always turn to my friends at KahnAcademy .
Familiarize yourself with the components of a Basic metabolic Panel ( BMP ) and a Complete Blood Count ( CBC ) and you 'll be 95 % of the way there .
Check out the follow-up to this post , written by my husband , Amir : “ 5 things I learned in EMT School that I wish I learned in Medical School . ”
~Steph
Continuing with our series on meeting the Disney characters in the parks , we have now reached Disney 's Hollywood Studios or as some people call it “ Construction Land ” . This is still my favourite park , and I can easily fill an entire day there . I see people 's point about attractions closing down , but there is still a ton of fun to have in the park . Character meet-and-greets are a fantastic way to fill your day here . Plus , there is the added bonus that this is the only place in Walt Disney World where you can meet some of these characters .
Just like last time , for the purpose of this article we will only talk about characters in specific locations , with no character breakfasts or special access needed to meet them . Also , it should be noted not all characters here will sign autographs so make sure to take note before going . You do n't want a disappointed child or Husband because Chewbacca did n't sign their book .
Woody 's Picture Shootin ' Corral
Who does n't love Toy Story ? I get excited just thinking about this meet-and-greet because it 's just so much fun . Like many of Disney 's Hollywood Studios meet-and-greets this one is held inside . The easiest way to find it is followed the massive amount of guests going to Toy Story Mania , and when you get there turn around and face thre windows behind you . You will see the smiling faces of Buzz Lightyear and Woody . Like Toy Story Mania , this attraction can have a long line , but I can not express enough about how much it 's worth it . These characters are great .
Outside you will also find the Green Army Men from the movie . They are busy having silly adventures but are really just waiting for you to stop them for a picture . If you do n't immediately see them just wait a moment , and they will be by . There is never a wait , and you can just walk right up to them , but be warned… they can be really goofy .
The Green Army Men and Woody will sign autographs , but Buzz usually just has a stamp .
Star Wars Launch Bay
If anyone in your family is a Star Wars fan , you have to drop by the new Star Wars Launch Bay . Old School Star Wars fan might be a little disappointed because you used to be able to meet Darth Vader here , but they are off doing other things for the time being . We all know they will make some kind of appearance in the new Star Wars land , so they wo n't be gone forever . Until then do n't worry because there are still two fantastic characters to meet here . In the Star Wars Launch Bay you can meet Chewbacca over on The Light Side , and Kylo Ren on The Dark Side . Two fantastic characters every Star Wars fans should meet . Just note the lines can get long here… real long . Try to go when the park opens if you can .
Sometimes you can also meet Stormtroopers here , but many times they are to busy on patrol to stop for photos . It should also be noted that no character here will sign an autograph .
Center Stage Courtyard
Looking to meet some classic characters in Disney 's Hollywood Studios ? This is where you will find Chip , Dale , Daisy Duck , Donald Duck , Pluto and Goofy . Obviously they are n't all there having a party at the same time , so check with Disney for appearance times on your trip . All these characters will sign an autograph as well .
Animation Courtyard
If you have really young children this will probably be top of your character meet-and-greet list . Here your family can meet Doc McStuffins , Jake ( NeverLand Pirates ) , Sofia the First and Minnie Mouse . Make sure to check with Disney information for who is appearing at what time . With the exception of Minnie Mouse , you are n't going to find these characters in many places . There is a character breakfast we will cover in a future article , but besides that , this is where you can make your little child 's dream come true .
The lines are split to meet them , and the lines can sometimes get a little long . If you see a long line up do n't worry . The cast members keep these lines moving pretty quickly , and all of the characters will sign autographs .
Sorcerer 's Workshop
Any true Disney fan would not pass up a chance to meet the big… well little , mouse himself ; Mickey Mouse . Here at Disney 's Hollywood Studios your whole family can meet Sorcerer Mickey . How much fun is that ? I 've heard people say the line up can get long for him , but I 'll be honest I have never seen one longer than 15 minutes .
They do sign autographs .
You have to hurry if you want to catch James P. Sullivan ( Sulley ) and Mike Wazowski from Monsters , Inc. As of April 2 , 2016 they will go on vacation for awhile with the new construction starting . This is a fantastic meet-and-greet because you get two characters with one wait , and you ca n't find them many places in Walt Disney World . There are never more than 4 or 5 families waiting to see them , and they really take their time with the guests . It 's just a great spot .
Neither of these characters sign autographs either .
Soon to Come…
The internet recently jumped for joy at the news that Olaf is coming to the parks . They will be in the Echo Lake District . Disney has n't announced when , but it will be sooner rather than later . This new location will actually have rotating characters , but I have a feeling Olaf will be popular . They will probably be there for a long time .
Disney Parks Blog also recently announced that just off Commissary Lane you will soon be able to find Mickey Mouse and Minnie Mouse . At the time of this article there was no arrival date announced .
Disney 's Hollywood Studios may not have as many character meet-and-greets as Magic Kingdom , but it does have some interesting characters that you ca n't find anywhere else . You may be able to find Donald Duck in every park but you ca n't find the Disney Junior characters everywhere . A lot of guests are scared they ca n't fill a day of fun here , but add in some characters and you will be surprised how fast your day fills up . Now go out and meet some new or old friends .
Most of the media focus so far has been on the arrest of Paul Manafort and George Papadopoulos , with Rick Gates 's arrest getting much less attention . Within the administration , however , things are a bit different .
Some White House advisers are unhappy with Thomas J. Barrack Jr. , Trump 's longtime friend and chair of their inauguration , whom they hold responsible for keeping Gates in the Trump orbit long after Manafort resigned as campaign chairperson in August 2016 , according to people familiar with the situation . Barrack has been Gates 's patron of late , steering political work to them and , until Monday , employing them as director of the Washington office of their real estate investment company .
Thomas J. Barrack Jr. is a key , and yet perhaps unwitting , character in the Trump-Russia story . To understand why , we 'll need to go back in time .
Forty years ago , in Beirut , Lebanon , Mr. Barrack became an acquaintance of Paul Manafort . It 's interesting to know how each of these men found their way there . For Barrack , it was a kind of homecoming . Their grandparents had immigrated to the United States from a part of Syria that is now located in Lebanon . After getting undergraduate and law degrees from the University of Southern California , Barrack landed a job with President Nixon 's personal attorney Herbert K. Kalmbach . This was the first of Barrack 's unsavory connections , as Kalmbach would later be convicted and jailed for their work on Nixon 's Committee to Re-Elect the President .
Barrack next landed a job with the Flour Corporation , which sent them to Saudi Arabia . There they had a fortuitous experience that paved the way for their great financial success in life .
Barrack became a lawyer , and their ability to speak Arabic led to an assignment in 1972 to go to Saudi Arabia to work on a gas deal . Barrack played squash with a local Saudi . Soon the Saudi brought their brothers . It turned out they were all sons of the king of Saudi Arabia . Barrack spent many hours listening to the Arabs discuss their world , which they said gave them “ great respect for the society and community. ” The princes , in turn , hired him , and they became , as they put it , the American representative of “ the boys . ”
So , Barrack was in Beirut forty years ago working for the Saudi Royal Family .
Paul Manafort got there by a different route . Their grandfather also immigrated to the United States , settling in Connecticut . Their father served as the mayor of New Britain from 1965 to 1971 . Manafort got their undergraduate and law degrees from Georgetown University . They soon landed a job with the law firm of Vorys , Sater , Seymour and Pease in Washington , D.C. , where they were assigned to work with a Saudi construction company .
A roommate at Barrack 's Beirut apartment introduced them to Manafort , who represented a firm doing business with a Saudi construction company . They became close friends and , four decades later , Barrack persuaded Trump to hire Manafort for their presidential campaign .
When they met , these two men were both quite a lot more connected than they might have seemed as young Americans living abroad . Barrack had worked for President Nixon 's attorney while Manafort had helped James Baker round up the delegates President Ford needed to fend off a primary challenge from Ronald Reagan .
The relationship they forged would become more important than either of them could have imagined at the time . Barrack went on to become a billionaire real estate developer who would befriend and mentor Donald Trump . When Trump needed to round up the delegates they needed to win the Republican nomination in the winter of 2016 , Barrack would recommend the services of their old friend Manafort who had provided the same service to President Ford in 1976 .
How precisely this came about could be the most important question that Bob Mueller needs to answer .
Here 's how the Washington Post described it in an October 10th profile of Barrack :
Barrack supported Trump 's campaign , and shortly after Trump lost the Iowa caucuses , they reconnected with their old friend Manafort , a longtime Republican consultant . “ I really need to get to ” Trump , Manafort said , according to Barrack . They told Barrack they wanted to work as Trump 's convention manager , helping them navigate what they expected would be a contentious affair . Barrack , who had long been friendly with Kushner , as well as Trump 's daughter Ivanka , said they wrote them an email urging Trump to hire Manafort .
The timeline there is almost uselessly vague , so let me clear it up . The Iowa caucuses took place on February 1st . A couple of weeks later , Barrack and Manafort had a meeting at the Montage hotel in Beverly Hills where they discussed a packet of memos Manafort had prepared to put forth their credentials to handle the delegate fight . On February 29th , Barrack forwarded the packet to Trump along with “ an effusive cover letter ” that “ described Mr. Manafort in terms that Mr. Trump would like , calling them ‘ the most experienced and lethal of managers ' and ‘ a killer . ' ”
This must have seemed like a great idea to Barrack , as they could make two good friends happy at the same time . What they almost definitely did n't then realize is that Manafort had an ulterior motive and was a desperate man .
It 's been known for some time that Manafort was deeply in debt when they approached Barrack about working for Donald Trump . Specifically , the New York Times reported in July that Manafort owed as much as $ 19 million to a Russian oligarch with mob connections named Oleg V. Deripaska .
When Barrack and Manafort made their pitch to Trump , Manafort wrote “ I am not looking for a paid job , ” and Barrack reiterated the point in their cover letter : “ [ Manafort ] would do this in an unpaid capacity. ” It would n't become clear until later why a man who owes millions to a mobbed-up Putin connected Russian oligarch would be looking to work for free .
On March 28th , Trump hired Manafort without pay . Soon after , this happened :
On the evening of April 11 , 2016 , two weeks after Donald Trump hired the political consultant Paul Manafort to lead their campaign 's efforts to wrangle Republican delegates , Manafort emailed their old lieutenant Konstantin Kilimnik , who had worked for them for a decade in the Ukrainian capital , Kiev . “ I assume you have shown our friends my media coverage , right ? ” Manafort wrote . “ Absolutely , ” Kilimnik responded a few hours later from Kiev . “ Every article. ” “ How do we use to get whole , ” Manafort asks . “ Has OVD operation seen ? ”
The initials OVD obviously stand for Oleg Vladimirovich Deripaska . What Manafort was hoping is that by landing their position with Trump , they could somehow free themselves from the millions and millions of dollars of debt they owed to Deripaska .
By late summer , it became clear that Manifort was too close to Vladimir Putin and they were fired by the Trump campaign on August 19th . But Manafort 's partner Rick Gates stayed on and gained influence . On Election Night , Gates and Barrack hit it off and Barrack hired Gates to help them organize the inauguration . This is the point at which we have some right to question Barrack 's judgment .
They knew why Manafort had been fired and it must have been a source of some embarrassment since they had so enthusiastically recommended him . But they had no obvious reservations about working with Manafort 's partner . And Gates would run into quick problems after the inauguration . At first , they landed a job working for America First Policies , a non-profit set up to help push Trump 's agenda . But they were quickly forced out because of their association with Manafort . Nonetheless , Barrack continued to befriend him , hiring them to work for their real estate business and dragging them to meetings in the White House . By June , the Daily Beast was picking up on the grumbling about Barrack 's decision-making :
After leaving the Trump-boosting nonprofit America First Policies in March—as former FBI Director James Comey officially announced an investigation into alleged ties between the Trump campaign team and Russian officials—Gates is now working directly for Tom Barrack , according to eight sources in and around the Trump White House… …And when Barrack stops by to meet Trump in the West Wing , they have brought Gates with him , according to multiple sources familiar with the meeting . Late last week , Barrack was again at the White House , with Gates in tow , two White House officials confirmed .
In fact , it was n't until Gates was arrested yesterday that Barrack broke their ties with him :
Rick Gates , charged today with multiple counts of money laundering , tax fraud and illegal foreign lobbying , was fired by real estate company Colony NorthStar Inc. , where they had been a consultant to Executive Chairman Tom Barrack .
Now , Barrack has been no stranger to scandal . In the Reagan White House , they worked for Interior Secretary James Watt who actually retreated to Barrack 's ranch after they were forced to resign in disgrace . They probably also arranged to have someone buy Edwin Meese 's house at an inflated price which cost them a promised job at the Commerce Department . More recently , he 's been accused in Italy of conducting a $ 190 million tax avoidance scheme . But it 's their decision to pitch Manafort to Trump that has cast the biggest pall over their career , and their almost inexplicable and unshakeable mentorship of Rick Gates is a close second that casts some suspicion on innocent explanations for their role in Manafort 's hiring .
Was they really an unwitting participant ? Have they been as naive as he 'd like us to believe ? Why did they stick with Gates even after he 'd been badly burned by Manafort ?
I hope Robert Mueller can provide us the answers to these questions .
And then I want to know why Trump was seething when they saw Gates and Manafort had been arrested . Should n't they have been happy considering all the legal problems they 've caused him ?
Maybe the president was n't an innocent victim here , either .
Our first explore of 2014 saw us visit Paisley 's Royal Alexandra Infirmary in Renfrewshire . The Royal Alexandra Infirmary , or as it was more commonly known the RAI , has existed in some shape or form since the 1700s . It originally provided out-patient and pharmacy services and later became a full infirmary around 1850 . In 1900 the site of the infirmary was moved and a new building was erected , which is what remains today .
Part of the current site was redeveloped into modern flats including some of the main building however was never completed . It has been subjected to vandals and metal thieves since work stopped and the building is now in a fairly sorry state , however to the untrained eye it does look structurally sound .
In 1986 a new hospital , the Royal Alexandra Hospital , was built close by resulting in the closure of the infirmary . Part of the building remained in use as a nursing home until that closed around 2008 .
It has been sad to watch the slow decline of the building thanks in part to people who wish to make a quick bit of cash and the local neds who insist on vandalising what is left .
As can be seen from our photographs there is not much of interest left within the Royal Alexandra Infirmary , with the majority of the small rooms stripped of anything of value . We did come across one part of the building which we did not expect to and that was a small church/chapel which still remained in good condition . Part of the tiled floor was just visible through the dirt and grime which has built up in recent years .
Make sure to favourite the website with new posts of our explores due on a regular basis .
In their essay “ The Decay of Lying , ” Oscar Wilde refutes the charge that politicians are the consummate prevaricators . “ They never rise beyond the level of misrepresentation , ” they ironize , “ and actually condescend to prove , to discuss , to argue . How different from the temper of the true liar , with their frank fearless statements , their superb irresponsibility , their healthy , natural disdain of proof of any kind . ”
Wilde would therefore have been flabbergasted by the spectacle of Donald Trump , who embodies “ the temper of the true liar ” like no politician before him . The full catalog of their superb irresponsibility need not be rehearsed here . Everyone knows about their excursions into the birtherist fun house , their phantasmagoric evocation of Jersey City Muslims cheering the destruction of the Twin Towers , their baseless insinuation that an opponent 's father abetted the assassination of John F. Kennedy , their contemptuous confidence that Mexico would pay for the wall they would build to cut it off from the United States , and their jaw-dropping assertion that President Obama was “ the founder ” of ISIS , to mention only a few of their lunatic ravings—the mind boggles at the merest enumeration . Yet this man is to become the President of the United States .
How could this have happened ? What does the triumph of brazen fabulation portend for the future ? What does it tell us about the state of the American psyche ?
Truth-telling is not the foremost political virtue . We profess to honor Honest Abe and the George Washington who could not tell a lie ; but we actually admire them for what they accomplished by hook and by crook , including ruse and deception , and not for their adherence to some unwavering standard of truthfulness .
Politics is a rhetorical art . It aims to persuade , not to prove , and to persuade in order to mobilize the otherwise inert . There are “ private and public positions , ” as Hillary Clinton rightly confessed . The painting of a false picture can be a powerful motivator , and if the motivation leads to a laudable outcome , commentators from Plato to the present have been inclined to excuse the falsehood as “ a noble lie. ” Martin Jay has examined this age-old justification of political prevarication in their magisterial The Virtues of Mendacity : On Lying in Politics .
But there is nothing noble to redeem Trump 's lies . What force did they seek to mobilize ? To what latent majority did they direct their appeal ? Their followers angrily rejected a certain style of political discourse , which they saw as remote from their concerns , bloodless , and “ weak. ” This was the style of experts , or “ wonks ” : that is , you and me . Trump calls us “ losers ” — “ elitist ” losers to be sure , but losers nonetheless . If we actually knew anything worth knowing , would n't we have fixed everything by now ? Look at Hillary : Thirty years in public life and still problems remain . A loser . And now she , and we , have lost .
We losers mistakenly believe that political debate consists in the critical examination of propositions concerning future probabilities : Will fewer people likely be unemployed two years from now if the government today spends more than it collects ? Even if increased government spending contributes to growth , wo n't it also accelerate inflation ? Will it matter if it does ?
For Trump and their followers , debate about such matters is meaningless wonkery , a devious tapestry of words whose twin purposes are to perpetuate the power of elites and to distract patriots from their gut certainty that everything has gone to hell . Deliberation can not fix anything ; wonkery is itself the lie . Only a strongman in possession of their own incontrovertible truth can put things right . Republicans have , for years now , been preparing the ground for this foul harvest : “ We 're an empire now , ” Karl Rove said in 2002 , “ we create our own reality. ” But even Rove could not quite believe what havoc such empire had wrought in Trump .
The strongman 's truth derives not from tentative and fallible reckoning of future probabilities but from primal instincts . They tell it like it is , or , rather , like their minions , feeding endlessly on silos of factoid and fabrication , think it is : “ We have a situation where we have our inner cities , African-Americans , Hispanics , are living in hell , because it 's so dangerous . You walk down the street , you get shot. ” The barbarian is at the gates , the savage already within .
Anyone who rejects such truths must necessarily be blinded by political correctness . Why “ condescend to prove , to discuss , to argue ? ” To do so would be to join the ranks of the losers . The demagogue lays claim to a deeper truth , which they pass off as unvarnished rather than merely crude . No prissy politesse prevents them from speaking their mind . They paint a Babylon of depravity and decadence to set their followers marching by torchlight . Their weak-kneed opponents chastely avert their eyes from the “ hellhole ” that their politically correct mouths dare not describe . The strongman meanwhile serves up brimming taco bowls of word salad , beguiling acolytes with slapdash jeremiads—a dab here and a dab there insinuating a truth greater than the sum of its parts , but only when viewed from the proper distance , neither so close as to reveal the want of logic nor so remote as to dull the lurid colors .
In 1877 the French poet Stéphane Mallarmé congratulated the novelist Émile Zola on their unsparing portrait of working-class desperation in L'Assommoir : here was a work “ worthy of an era in which truth has become the democratic form of beauty. ” Trump stands this judgment on its head : Their farrago of falsehood bespeaks an era in which the meaning of democracy has been debased to the point where every claim of truth , no matter how flimsy , is treated equally . Faith in independent authority has withered ; the once “ lamestream media ” is now the Lügenpresse ( lying press ) , a term tellingly borrowed from Weimar Germany , where the distinction between truth and falsehood was enforced by party discipline . Tocqueville foresaw what this vacuum of intellectual authority portended : “ No society can prosper without common beliefs , ” they wrote . Indeed , “ none can survive…for without common ideas , there is no common action , and without common action , men may still exist , but they will not constitute a social body . ”
Trump 's lies speak to this craving for a social body . Their myth of past greatness , of a vanished glory that only they can restore , reflects a hunger for wholeness . Hungry Trumpians subsist on a diet of denial : They imagine a communion in which American supremacy is universally acknowledged , nonwhites and non-Christians know their place , and jobs long since forfeited to robots can be “ brought back ” by forcing China to its knees . As Tocqueville explained , each individual “ retreats within the limits of the self and from that vantage ventures to judge the world. ” Any dissent from this imaginary consensus is mocked .
Such fables can survive only if never put to the test . But what was so truly remarkable about this campaign was that nothing was put to the test . Not that American presidential campaigns have ever been paragons of rational dialogue . But promises to put a chicken in every pot used to be subject to rough and ready counts of numbers of pots and quantities of chickens . Facts were checked , columns of figures were added up , and , if the discrepancies were too glaring , fouls were called . Facts are still checked , but falsehood is no longer penalized : The enormity of Trump 's lies and the rapidity with which they dropped their bombs on the ever vulnerable news cycle jammed the usual safety valves . Opponents were left sputtering , while the media remained transfixed by the sheer chutzpah of a candidate who could attack both a former POW and the mother of a dead soldier while calling openly for the United States to perpetrate war crimes “ worse than waterboarding ” and reprisals against civilian populations . Such assertions can not be “ fact-checked. ” They can only be gaped at .
Where does this leave us , then ? Although the United States has fallen behind other developed countries by such measures as the proportion of the population with a college degree , it is hard to believe that want of education was responsible for the readiness of so many voters to embrace Trump 's trumperies . The problem is not inability to reason , but unwillingness to do so if reasoning leads to unwanted conclusions : that the racial and ethnic composition of the nation is changing irrevocably , that the United States can not work its will unilaterally , and that the economic development of the rest of the world will not put an end to either cultural differences or incompatible interests and , hence , the need for comprehension and compromise .
Trump 's success has demonstrated the potential for an illiberal democracy predicated on denial of unwelcome truths . Liberal democracy can not endure if such denial goes unchallenged . But first we must reckon with our own denial . We refused to believe that this could happen . We too were blind ; disaster has forced us to see . To cope with this catastrophe , we will need an amazing grace , which I am not at all sure we are capable of mustering . For all our misgivings , we believed that , in the end , truth would overcome . It did not . The realization that this could happen here will cast a pall over us for quite some time . I doubt I will live to see its end .
Bro , did you know Every Time I Die are putting out a new album ? So siiiiiick . It 's called From Parts Unknown and it 's out on July 1 from Epitaph . So sick , bro ! They recorded it with Kurt Ballou—you know , the homie from Converge with the KILLER guitar riffs ? So killer . More fast and chaotic than it is chuggy , it kinda sounds like Hot Damn ! which rules so hard because that album ruled so hard . Still totally brings to mosh though . Hard .
They also put out this new video for “ Thirst ” with Noisey ( a totally dope website btw , bro ! ) where two fellow bros are trying to get to an ETID house show . Oh man , can you imagine , bro ? They played in my friend 's basement back in ‘ 04 and it was soooo rad . Check out the video below following the bros ' drunken journey to get totally amped for the show . Chuggin ' 40s , windmill kicking , these bros know how to have a good time . But do they ever make it to the show ? You 'll have to stay tuned for part two .
In the meantime , get your pre-order on here and check out the video for `` Thirst '' below ...
Woah , no hot pink ?
Image caption Assistant coach Dejan Govedarica tries to keep the opposing players apart following the Under-21 match between Serbia and England
Serbia 's football team is only six years old , but the on-pitch scuffles and alleged racist chanting at its Under-21 home defeat to England on Tuesday is only its latest embarrassment .
In that short period it has attracted an unenviable collection of negative headlines .
At the European Under-21 Championship in 2007 , officials from the regional governing body Uefa had to address Serbian fans during their team 's match against England .
They appealed for a halt to racist chants which appeared to be aimed at England defender Nedum Onuoha .
Two years ago the senior team 's European Championship qualifying match in Italy came to a chaotic end after just seven minutes .
Serbian fans had been throwing flares both into the stands and on to the pitch and , fearful for the safety of the players , the referee abandoned the match .
Certain fan groups had organised the disruption as a protest against Serbia 's goalkeeper Vladimir Stojkovic .
The former Red Star player had just joined Belgrade 's other big side , Partizan - and their punishment for this supposed betrayal was to be hit by at least one firework from the crowd .
It was a shameful incident , and the Serbian football association 's protests against Uefa 's decision to award Italy a 3-0 victory only added to the embarrassment .
'Hellgrade '
The two incidents helped to form a caricature of Serbia as the bad boys of European football . Indeed some supporters ' groups appear revel in the image .
Partizan 's main fan organisation is called The Gravediggers and welcomes visiting supporters to `` Hellgrade '' .
But many Serbians are deeply embarrassed by such behaviour .
They feel their country has been on the receiving end of quite enough negative PR during the Balkan conflicts of the 1990s , and would dearly like to portray a different image .
They were hoping Tuesday 's match in Krusevac would proceed without any off-the-pitch incidents .
Image caption England players complained of racist abuse during their match against Serbia
But some England players reported hearing abusive chants as early as the pre-match warm-up . And the mood worsened when Conor Wickham scored the injury-time goal which confirmed Serbia 's elimination from the competition .
England defender Danny Rose reacted to alleged racist chants from the crowd - first by kicking a ball into a group of Serbian supporters ( for which they received a second yellow card ) , then by making `` monkey '' gestures himself .
When members of Serbia 's coaching staff got involved with physical confrontations with their England counterparts , it put the bitter icing on a particularly unpalatable cake .
The former England captain Paul Ince said they wanted Serbia to be banned from international competition - a demand echoed by the chairperson of the Professional Footballers Association , Clarke Carlisle .
Prime Minister David Cameron called for `` tough sanctions '' if allegations of racism were proved .
EU ambitions
But there has been anguish in Serbia as well . Popular tabloid Blic has put footage of the chaos on its website under the headline : `` Serbian Shame : See Racist Riot In Krusevac ! ''
Radio station B92 called the events a `` scandal '' .
Other recent events in Serbia have painted a picture of a country that has been too tolerant of extremist groups .
This month 's proposed gay pride march in Belgrade was banned by the authorities after ultra-nationalist movements threatened participants .
Prime Minister Ivica Dacic called the cancellation `` a victory for Serbia '' . Human rights groups said the government had caved in to hooligans .
Other minority groups within the country have faced discrimination .
The football violence on Tuesday coincided with the release of an Amnesty International report asking the government to stop the regular forced evictions of Roma communities .
None of this is helping Serbia 's long-standing aim of joining the European Union .
Relations with Kosovo have long been seen as the main stumbling block to membership , but members of the European Parliament have already expressed their dismay at the gay pride ban - and the events in the Krusevac stadium will have added to their concerns .
They will not be the only people hoping that the Serbian authorities take action - after six years of havoc in football stadiums at home and abroad .
Following months of uncertainty , the Senate has rejected for a second time a package of higher education reforms that were first announced like a bolt from the blue on budget night last May .
Respected columnist Paul Bongiorno captured it well when they wrote :
The whole saga from the moment [ Christopher Pyne ] shocked the nation with a massive broken promise in last year 's budget has been marked by bluster and bravado .
During the entire fiasco , the package was amended in ways which would make the proposed system more expensive to the taxpayer than the current system . This revealed that , at their core , the measures were about ideology and not budget savings . They were about strengthening competition and private markets in higher education .
Also , the higher education sector saw unworthy tactics , such as threats to cut research infrastructure funding and Future Fellowships , if a package mainly about teaching was not passed .
However , the sector needs to try to extract positives from experiences like these in order to chart a way forward .
The public has become more alerted to the importance of universities and fair access to higher education in the last ten months than it has in the previous ten years . This means that any way forward has to be through a debate in which the public is able to participate .
There is also now a greater understanding of the way that HECS really works . Fundamentally , it is incompatible with the uncapping and deregulation of fees .
If Australian universities are really to delimit domestic fees , something would have to change about HECS . If not , young people will take on debts which will last for more than half their working lives ; the taxpayer will fund it all upfront by borrowing money at a higher rate than it is charging back to students ; and the Consumer Price Index will increase with unknown effects on other government outlays .
Another curious positive from the last ten months is at least a side-debate over whether there is even a problem . If one starts from the premise that vice-chancellors have a conditioned reflex to say that they need more money ( and according to one former vice-chancellor they have been saying this since 1947 ) , we are now alerted to the need to greet with suspicion claims that arrangements are not “ sustainable ” .
A fair examination of the evidence would show that overall investment in Australian universities is around the OECD average .
The latest data about Australia 's public investment in higher education as a percentage of GDP compared with other OECD countries is from 2011 . At that point , the Australian public contributed well below the OECD average ( 30th out of 31 nations ) but students contributed among the highest proportion . This is after allowing for an implied public contribution inherent in the way that Australia 's HECS system works .
Since 2011 , uncapped places have led to significant extra amounts being paid by the government . This might have increased the Australian public investment by around 21.5 % relative to GDP growth – but this would still leave Australia below the OECD average .
A good faith estimate of the gap yet to be filled is 8.6 % . If that gap were now filled on top of existing student contribution levels , it would be a significant boost to university funding without the unpredictable effects of fee deregulation for students and for society .
Step back from this for a moment . The existing funding system has enabled more Australian universities to enter world rankings in the last decade . Scaled for population size and GDP , Australia already has one of the very best systems in the world . And if the public investment were to rise even to the OECD average while student contributions remain the same , Australia could inject a further 8.6 % into the system .
Put this way , possibly the Australian public would be receptive to the need to fund universities better through taxes if they saw that we would still only be reaching the OECD average of public investment .
Coming back to earth for a moment , I would now support a higher education funding commission – as exists in England and some other jurisdictions – to take the day-to-day financing of universities out of the hands of politicians .
I did not imagine I would ever support the re-introduction of another layer of bureaucracy into the sector . But given the instability we have just experienced , it might be the lesser of two evils .
Australia needs a sensible debate on higher education financing based on evidence and careful analysis – not scare-mongering . This debate now has the clear air to take place . If there are alternative visions for higher education between political parties then those can be put to the electorate .
If Education Minister Christopher Pyne is so unwise to see it as a potential double dissolution trigger and re-present the same bill , this could be sooner rather than later .
Who exactly were these UK troops training before ? The Guardian :
Members of the Rapid Action Battalion ( RAB ) , which has been held responsible for hundreds of extra-judicial killings in recent years and is said to routinely use torture , have received British training in “ investigative interviewing techniques ” and “ rules of engagement ” .
Details of the training were revealed in a number of cables , released by WikiLeaks , which address the counter-terrorism objectives of the US and UK governments in Bangladesh . One cable makes clear that the US would not offer any assistance other than human rights training to the RAB – and that it would be illegal under US law to do so – because its members commit gross human rights violations with impunity .
Since the RAB was established six years ago , it is estimated by some human rights activists to have been responsible for more than 1,000 extra-judicial killings , described euphemistically as “ crossfire ” deaths . In September last year the director general of the RAB said their men had killed 577 people in “ crossfire ” . In March this year they updated the figure , saying they had killed 622 people .
ULAANBAATAR ( Reuters ) - Mongolia has agreed with the International Monetary Fund and other partners for a $ 5.5 billion economic stabilization package , according to a statement from the IMF on Sunday .
The landlocked nation saw its economy grow at a double-digit annual rate over 2011-2013 as foreign investors rushed in to take advantage of its vast untapped mineral deposits , but it has been hit hard by an economic crisis since 2016 due to government overspending and declining revenues from commodity exports .
To bail out the country - which is now scrambling to avoid missing a $ 580 million sovereign-guaranteed debt repayment due in March - the Asian Development Bank , World Bank and bilateral partners , including Japan and South Korea , will provide up to $ 3 billion in aid , the IMF said in its statement .
People 's Bank of China will expand a swap line worth 15 billion yuan ( $ 2.19 billion ) , while the IMF will offer three-year loans worth about $ 440 million , the latter added .
The bailout plan is pending formal approvals from the IMF board in March , according to the statement .
“ Fiscal consolidation is a key priority , as loose fiscal policy in the past was a major driver for Mongolia 's current economic difficulties and high debt , ” said Koshy Mathai , IMF 's team leader for the package .
Paving the way for the bailout was a move by the country 's lawmakers earlier this month to allow the Development Bank of Mongolia , which issued the $ 580 million debt that is up for repayment , to act independently of the government .
Under the bailout plan , Mongolia has pledged to implement fiscal reforms for greater budget discipline , maintain a flexible exchange rate and build a stronger regulatory environment for banking and finance .
The president of the Bank of Mongolia , Nadmid Bayartsaikhan , said the central bank would no longer bankroll fiscal policy programmes , including a mortgage subsidy one that will now be self-sustaining rather than dependent on additional financing from the central bank .
Bayartsaikhan added that an independent study of the banking sector would be launched to identify weaknesses at institutions and the need for new regulations .
The Mongolian economy grew at 1 percent last year , its slowest pace in seven years , and may slip into recession when austerity measures imposed on the country for a debt bailout are rolled out .
However , the bailout terms will not affect Mongolia 's social spending . It plans to subsidize some drug costs and a universal allowance for children will be given to those in need , Finance Minister Battogtokh Choijilsuren told reporters on Sunday .
With these structural changes in place , Mathai of the IMF said Mongolia could look forward to sustainable growth built upon its lucrative mining sector , as well as its growing industries in agriculture and tourism .
“ I think we 're looking at a pretty good outlook for Mongolia , ” said Mathai .
( $ 1 = 6.8640 Chinese yuan renminbi )
Deforestation around the globe has an adverse impact on the wildlife that depends on forests and jungles to survive . One of the creatures hit hard by the effects of deforestation is the Sumatran Tiger , which experts struggle to conserve to this day .
Image Credit : Matthew Luskin via UC Berkley
The International Union for the Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) lists the Sumatran Tiger as a critically-endangered species , merely one step above being extinct in the wild . While conservation efforts appear to be working , there are some grave concerns about the tiger 's future .
Researchers based out of the University of California , Berkley have published their concerns in the journal Nature Communications this week , highlighting contemporary issues regarding population densities .
Just like a whole host of other critically-endangered animal species , Sumatran Tigers reside in fragmented populations scattered throughout the wilderness . While some Sumatran Tiger populations are seeing density increases , we ca n't say the same about all of them .
Related : Giant pandas threatened by deforestation and fragmentation throughout Asia
The researchers spent more than a year tracking and studying the animals with camera traps and other means , but it was n't without its challenges . Sumatran Tigers are stealthy predators that evade getting noticed for a living ; that said , they 're pros at dodging attention .
`` Our results are a mixed bag , '' explained study lead author Matthew Luskin from the University of California , Berkeley . `` The loss of key habitat is causing significant conservation challenges for Sumatra—and in particular for this critically endangered species . ''
From their data , they learned that the Sumatran Tiger 's habitat range spans more than 150 square kilometers and how population densities are up to 47 % higher in pristine forest ranges than in those that have been mowed down by loggers .
“ The erosion of large wilderness areas pushes Sumatran tigers one step closer to extinction , ” Luskin continued . “ We hope this serves as a wakeup call . ”
Related : Critically-endangered Sumatran Tiger passes away at 'Death Zoo '
Deforestation creates a rift between breeding populations , fragmenting them into even smaller groups . Consequently , mating and reproduction efforts become more difficult for the species , which is a significant concern given just how few Sumatran Tigers remain in the wild today .
Given everything we know today , the crystal-clear circumstances put deforestation directly in the crosshairs of the smoking gun . Unfortunately , re-forestation is n't likely to take place anytime soon ; all we can do to protect Sumatran Tigers is preserved the remaining habitats .
“ Safeguarding the remaining expanses of primary forests is now absolutely critical to ensuring tigers can persist indefinitely on Sumatra , ” noted study co-author Mathias Tobler of San Diego Zoo Global . “ If we are going to save Sumatran tigers in the wild , the time to act is now . ”
Animal conservation is always tricky , but several motivated teams share a common goal and continue to work on the problem as we speak . Successful animal conservation starts with accurate data , and that 's why studies like these remain imperative for the cause .
Source : University of California , Berkley
AUBURN HILLS , Mich. -- Three times Cleveland Cavaliers All-Star Kyrie Irving was given a healthy lead to protect . Three times the lead dwindled on their watch .
Those are the moments where Irving 's expected to drive the team , allowing LeBron James to get some well-earned rest . That 's why Irving pointed the finger at themselves following the Cavs ' 106-101 loss to the Detroit Pistons Thursday night .
`` A lot of it had to do with my mistakes going into the fourth and not necessarily setting a tone and really coming out and making a stand , '' Irving explained . `` In order for us to be great , we have to be good across the board . I have to demand more out of myself as well as out of my teammates . ''
The Cavs shook off a sluggish start and surged ahead by 15 , using a 22-4 blitz midway through the first quarter . James scored six points during that avalanche . Irving tallied 11 .
Then James took a breather . And the Pistons finished the quarter on a 10-2 flurry .
`` Tonight it was all about the beginning or end of quarters , '' James said following the game . `` We did n't end the ( first ) quarter the right way , we were only up seven . ''
Head coach Tyronn Lue tweaked their rotation a bit to start the second period , putting J.R. Smith in Kyle Korver 's spot . But James still led the five-man bench group and by the time they needed another blow , they handed Irving a six-point advantage .
When James returned , the Cavs ' lead was just three . The Pistons had seized momentum again with James off the floor .
Not even James ' return could change that , as Cleveland went into halftime trailing by three points .
`` It was a game of runs and we 've got to figure out a way to win , '' James said . `` When it becomes a thunderstorm we 've got to kind of weather it , weather the storm , and I do n't think we did a good job of that tonight . ''
Deja vu in the fourth quarter .
James usually rests at some point in the third so they can recharge before starting the fourth . But out of necessity -- and because of their stellar play -- James went the distance in the third , scoring six points and dishing out five ( four to Channing Frye ) of their game-high 10 assists .
`` I just think it was the flow of the game tonight , '' James said about the rotation tweak . `` The lineup we had at the end of the third , we had it flowing . We had the ball moving , Channing was knocking down shots , I was getting to the lane creating for others and we had a great end of that quarter . That 's the feel of the game T-Lue had right there and it was the right call , going up seven to end the quarter . Obviously I needed to take a break . ''
James earned it . They engineered a 22-5 eruption in the final seven minutes of the third period . During that stretch , they scored or assisted on 17 of the team 's 22 points . It looked like they had helped the Cavs deliver the knockout punch . They once again had a seven-point lead .
That 's when Lue called on Irving , once labeled Mr. 4th Quarter , to close the show . Smith , Derrick Williams , Deron Williams and Tristan Thompson joined him , giving the Cavs a new look to start the period . It backfired .
Detroit scored the first 13 points , turning its seven-point deficit into a six-point lead . That 's when Lue summoned James -- after just 3:32 seconds of rest .
During that stretch , Irving went 0-of-3 from the field .
`` It starts in that fourth quarter , '' they said . `` There was a swing-swing action and that 's an automatic shot and then I turn the ball over and they get a 3 out of it to Reggie Bullock . I take two semi-tough shots and then they go on a little bit of a run and they go 84-80 . That 's where the tide started to turn . Just ca n't happen again . ''
Irving also credited to the tough and physical Pistons , who brought constant pressure and held them to eight points on 3-of-10 from the field in the second half .
`` Tonight they played desperation basketball as well as with the intent to execute , '' Irving said . `` Andre ( Drummond ) was doing their normal things , being around the rim and being physical . Reggie ( Jackson ) was attacking downhill and hitting some tough floaters and tough shots . They made timely buckets as well going into the fourth when we tried to make a comeback , but it should n't have gotten to that point . Going forward just have to be better . ''
Irving in particular , especially when James is off the floor . Lue has made a point to stagger the minutes , making sure one of their All-Stars is on the floor at all times . Without Kevin Love , who continues to recover from knee surgery , it takes away some of Lue 's flexibility with minutes and puts added pressure on Irving and James .
On Thursday night , during those eight minutes and 55 seconds with James catching their wind , the Pistons outscored the Cavs by 23 points . That simply ca n't happen .
Over the last two games , with James off the floor , the Cavs have been outscored , 64-19 .
Players are creatures of habit and they tend to get comfortable in specific roles . While James downplayed the fourth-quarter lineup switch , giving a carefree response , Irving seemed a tad caught off guard by it .
`` We flip-flopped again in the third quarter where they finished the quarter and I started the fourth , '' Irving said . `` Being in that position , just got ta be even more well prepared for whatever T. Lue is throwing out there . Being able to execute and being able to demand excellence from the guys I have on the floor . Just really playing with a great pace and defensively being solid . Tonight , I did n't set the tone . ''
Millions of Britons are facing a bleak holiday season worried about falling incomes and how to repay debt , as economic reports raise questions about whether the country 's austerity measures can restore growth .
A survey released Monday showed 43 % of households expect their finances to deteriorate in 2013 , compared with only 24 % who expect an improvement .
`` The vast majority of households anticipate that their financial well-being will either worsen or stagnate next year , '' said Tim Moore , senior economist at financial data provider Markit , which compiled the report .
`` With three-quarters of all households not expecting any improvement in their finances , the latest survey suggests that domestic consumer demand will remain under pressure in the near term -- especially since inflation perceptions remain elevated and job insecurities are prevalent across the U.K . ''
Related : Europe 's Debt Crisis
Britain has stuck fast to its austerity program of spending cuts and tax hikes , despite evidence that the economy will shrink this year . The government said earlier in December that the belt tightening would have to continue into 2018 , which is a year longer than expected .
While the U.K. economy started to grow again in the third quarter of 2012 , the rate was revised down on Friday to 0.9 % from 1.0 % . Reports show that most of Britain 's growth this year was due to one-off factors such as the London Olympics .
National output remains about 3 % below pre-recession levels , with many economists expecting the world 's sixth biggest economy to contract slightly again in the fourth quarter .
Related : UK growth slowing as Europe weakens
The British government is also struggling to bring down borrowing . Figures released Friday show the U.K. budget deficit stood at £17.5 billion in November , compared with about £16.3 billion a year ago .
Spending cuts , falling incomes , inflation and the legacy of debt are combining to squeeze millions of households , with many Britons no better off than they were over a decade ago .
In a recent report , independent researchers at the Resolution Foundation said they had identified 3.6 million households as `` debt loaded '' . These households were spending more than a quarter of their income on secured and unsecured debt repayments , displaying high levels of concern about their debt , and lacking any wiggle room in the face of future financial shocks .
`` Widespread pessimistic expectations for finances in 2013 are a reminder that the underlying situation is that household finances are under severe strain from lower incomes and higher living costs , '' Markit 's Moore said .
At its most extreme , the impact is forcing many more British families to seek food handouts this Christmas . The Trussell Trust , which oversees a network of more than 250 food banks , expects to feed 15,000 people over the holiday period -- almost twice as many as last year .
But shortly after the hearing , in a Kafkaesque trick , Mr. Coats ' office told reporters that they had answered a different question than the one that was asked . And then the DNI stated that the answer to the original question was classified .
We 've been down this road before . Both Democratic and Republican administrations have hidden from Congress and the American people what they believe surveillance laws – public laws passed by the representatives of the people – actually mean . We 've called this practice “ secret law . ”
Each time this happens , the government further damages the public trust necessary for the government , and in particular intelligence agencies , to function . One need look no further than when the massive surveillance dragnet of millions of Americans ' phone records was revealed — which was based on the government 's secret interpretation of another provision of FISA . Americans were rightly outraged and , eventually , reformers succeeded in ending that overreaching program .
Likewise , FISA absolutely needs to be reformed and made to comply with the Constitution . The data collected under Section 702 is gathered under an almost limitless standard . We tolerate that standard because the targets are not U.S. citizens and are not located on American soil , even though they may be communicating with Americans . A constitutional problem arises , however , when we allow the Intelligence Community and domestic law enforcement to search and use the data collected on Americans without constitutional protections . Reform of FISA needs to prevent these searches and the use of this data in domestic crime . Without these reforms , the program does not comply with the Fourth Amendment .
Such a change is especially important because Director Coats , at the asupervisorstioned June hearing , announced that they would not even provide an estimate of the number of Americans ' communications that are being swept up under the provision of the surveillance law we are seeking to reform . That is a 180-degree reversal of the government 's previous position ; as recently as April , the administration promised to release information about this collection .
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein looks through their notes at the hearing in June . Alex Brandon / AP file
If neither Congress nor the public knows how many Americans ' communications are being searched , we ca n't know the full impact on Americans ' liberty caused by these warrantless back-door searches .
Congress also needs to write into law a prohibition on the recently discontinued practice of collecting communications that are not to or from a foreign target , but are merely about a foreign target . This form of collection could include communications to and from Americans who are under no suspicion at all . ( In yet another case of a secret interpretation of law , the so-called “ abouts ” collection was never knowingly authorized by Congress in the first place . )
There are other necessary reforms to Section 702 of this surveillance law , including strengthening the oversight of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court and the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board , requiring more transparency , and making sure that the vast surveillance powers provided to the executive branch are not misused . Finally , Congress may need to legislate on the question that the Director of National Intelligence has refused to answer regarding wholly domestic communications .
We intend to fight tooth and nail for these and other reforms , which we expect will have strong bipartisan support . But the problem of secret interpretations of the law hangs like a cloud over the whole legislative process .
The Constitution vests in Congress the exclusive power to make laws and to provide oversight over their execution . There will always be programs and operations that are conducted in secret , as long as they follow the law . But if the government wo n't tell the public what it thinks the law means , oversight no longer works . If the government expects Congress to pass laws with secret meanings , and Congress complies , then the legislative process is no longer functioning . And when the public has no way to hold its representatives accountable , then the whole system is broken .
Why Ca n't We Use Secular Music During Mass ?
OMPOSER DAN SCHUTTE , formerly a Jesuit priest , published a musical setting in 2012 of the Glory To God which has been widely criticized because it changes the words . 1
To me , however , something else is even more problematic . Please listen to these brief excerpts and see if you can guess what I 'm getting at :
* * “ Glory To God ” • Refrain by Dan Schutte
* * “ My Little Pony ” • Mp3 Audio Excerpt
Am I crazy , or is this resemblance jarring ?
ON 22 NOVEMBER 2003 , Blessed John Paul II decreed that Church music must “ avoid any concessions to frivolity or superficiality. ” They went on to remind us of many other important things . For instance , they said neither vocal nor instrumental music can be used at Mass if it “ does not possess a sense of prayer , dignity and beauty . ”
A few years ago , we created this video which presented Church legislation on Sacred music and drew some conclusions . Some of my friends were angry we used the term “ Disney ” to describe certain liturgical music . Others thought we were kidding . However , I stand behind that term , because technical descriptions like “ modal ” and “ rhythmically free ” mean nothing to the vast majority of Catholics who lack professional training in music .
PLEASE , DO N'T LEAVE ANY NASTY COMMENTS saying I am “ anti-Schutte ” or anything like that . I have absolutely nothing against Schutte , who is incredibly accomplished 2 and literally world-famous . He 's free to write whatever they wishes and folks are free to purchase it .
However , I do object to certain would-be “ scholarly ” publications treating this music in a serious fashion , using the most outlandish psychobabble . 3 Sometimes I 'm tempted to scream : “ How can such things be written about a tune lifted from My Little Pony ? ” Just a decade ago , I believed Musicology symposia had a monopoly on this kind of gibberish — I was wrong !
N.B . The musically-observant priest who discovered this Schutte/Pony similarity is currently Liturgy Director for a major Archdiocese in the United States . It was sent to me via email “ chain letter. ” This was the first time I 'd ever heard Schutte 's Mass setting .
NOTES FROM THIS ARTICLE :
Questions without answers in a Kingdom of Whatever
Updated
Perhaps the best way of describing our cultural condition is - if I may be permitted an inexcusably clumsy phrase right at the outset - as one of agonistic hyperpluralism .
It is not simply that we live alongside and associate with people who hold radically different points of view ( that would be garden-variety `` pluralism '' ) ; nor is it that many of these points of view are so divergent as to spill over into the incommensurable , to the point of tearing away at the social fabric ( that would be outright `` agonism '' ) . It is rather that we now lack even minimal consensus on the most fundamental questions of life , social obligation and political ends , as well as the means - the common moral and conceptual grammar , if you like - to resolve such widespread disagreement .
But what is most pronounced and historically novel about this form of `` agonistic hyperpluralism '' is that it is dispersed among individuals themselves , and not simply bound up in adjacent communities . This reflects , does it not , the great cultural revolution that has taken place over the last four decades , a revolution every bit as thoroughgoing and perfidious as those that ravaged the East in the first half of the twentieth century .
Unlike socialism - which invariably took the form of the radical assertion of the state over the economy , culture and indeed the bodies of the people themselves - the revolution that has defined our time and continues to hold sway within Western liberal democracy is the assertion of the freedom , the rights and the pleasure of the body over every other person or institution that might stake some claim over it , whether it be nation , tradition , community , marriage , children or religion . Or , as Herve Juvin has nicely put it , the Western body is `` a body without origin , character , country or determination '' .
In just this way , this conception of the body that represents liberalism 's political and cultural centre of gravity is both ahistorical - in that it is unmoored from its traditional determinants of kith and kin , its moral and civic duties , and even its biological inheritance and gender - and nihilistic - determined by nothing but what it chooses for itself , and oriented toward nothing but its own health , safety and pleasure .
In their incomparable account of the emergence of latter-day secularism in the wake of the collapse of the institutionalised worldview of medieval Christianity and the radical doctrinal disagreement unleashed by the Protestant Reformation , Brad Gregory has laid out the consequences of `` hyperpluralism '' for political and public discourse :
`` There is no shared , substantive common good , nor are there any realistic prospects for devising one ( at least in the immediately foreseeable future ) . Nor does secular discourse offer any realistic prospects for rationally resolving any of the many contested moral or political issues that emerge from the increasingly wide range of ways in which individuals self-determine the good for themselves within liberalism 's politically protected formal ethics of rights ... As a result , public life today ... is increasingly riven by angry , uncivil rivals with incompatible views about what is good , true , and right . Many of these views and values are increasingly distant from substantive beliefs that derived most influentially from Christianity and that in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries remained much more widely shared ... But the rejection of such answers to the Life Questions has led to the current Kingdom of Whatever partly because of the dissolution of the social relationships and communities that make more plausible those beliefs and their related practices . Most visibly in recent decades , this dissolution owed and continues to owe much to the liquefying effects of capitalism and consumerism on the politically protected individuals within liberal states , as men and women in larger numbers prioritise the fulfilment of their self-chosen , acquisitive , individual desires above any social ( including familial ) solidarities except those they also happen to choose , and only for as long as they happen to choose them . ''
Are we not now everywhere witnessing the consequences of this dissolution of the social and abandonment of the politics of the common good - that we are , as Rowan Williams puts it , inhabiting `` a world in which there are n't and could n't be any real discussion of the goals and destiny of human beings as such '' ?
One could point , for instance , to the university 's abandonment of the Western educational ideal - which must necessarily include inculcating the virtues inherent to healthy democratic society - in favour of producing , as Martha Nussbaum says , `` generations of useful machines '' .
Or , in the absence of some kind of shared moral grammar , to the emergence of what Charles Taylor has termed `` code fetishism '' : the hysterical and ultimately arbitrary attempt to erect forms of protection against the bad behaviour of others by means of endlessly proliferating codes of practice , which can only ever be paltry substitutes for real trust , solidarity and mutual obligation .
Or to the widespread abrogation of our morally symmetrical responsibilities to the unwanted elderly and the inconvenient unborn : one group shovelled away behind the walls of third party care and the other sentenced to death ; both in the name of choice and out of fear that our lives might be dragged down into their servitude .
Or to the increasing desperation with which voluntary euthanasia is being legislatively pursued in the West , where the fear of the slow loss of autonomy in old age has usurped the fear of death itself , and where the choice of one 's own death is deemed the ultimate assertion of freedom .
Or to the incessant striptease of social media , whereby embarrassing personal details are widely publicised , only for our actual selves then to be concealed behind a faux-indignant veil of privacy . We are willing , it would seem , for our idiotic predilections to mingle with those of others within an indifferent or vaguely sympathetic online space , provided our lives are never constrained by the moral demands of actual community .
Or to our inability to provide an intelligible account of what social ends or public goods the media serves , much less any arbitration between the true , the trivial and the manufactured - such that the media comes simply to duplicate and reinforce the divisions and bigotries endemic within society as a whole , precisely due to its irresistible attraction to the simplistic , the salacious and the cynical . It is no wonder , as Jay Rosen and Lindsay Tanner have argued , that the media has effectively become an impediment to authentic conversation and moral persuasion .
And this brings me - at last , you might be thinking - to last night 's episode of Q & A .
Nowhere are the moral limitations and intellectual poverty of agonistic hyperpluralism more apparent than Monday nights on ABC1 .
For months now , the panellists selected to `` take your questions '' have come to resemble cardboard cut-outs , caricatures of positions along the spectrum of opinion ( with some truly extraordinary exceptions , like Raimond Gaita and Slavoj Zizek ) .
As a result , the debate that most often ensues on the program is not authentic debate at all - which must necessarily open itself up to the possibility of persuasion and assent - but rather an orgy of visceral and utterly predictable emoting , drenched in multiple tinctures of piss-taking cynicism and self-interest .
Not only was last night 's publicised `` title fight of belief '' between Richard Dawkins and George Pell no exception to this rule , it was perhaps the most grotesque example of it .
Just consider for a moment what the program could have been . It could have assembled a panel of energetic , sophisticated , disarming and even counterintuitive theologians , scientists , ethicists and humanists who would recast , and indeed redefine , the religion/science/ethics debate - a debate which has long since passed the point of intellectual exhaustion .
This panel could have demonstrated , through an intoxicating and all-too-rare mix of genuine disagreement and intellectual generosity , that the fundamental questions of Life , Truth and the Good have been languishing due to the impoverishment of the public square and the flattening-out of ethical obligation into a desiccated version of individualised `` well being . ''
In the spirit of Easter , it could have demonstrated that entrenched divisions and bigotries can , in fact , be overcome through what Pope Benedict XVI has called a shared `` pursuit after Truth '' - that , in other words , friendship can arise in the place of animosity .
But instead , the Q & A panel was comprised of the two most divisive and respectively reviled proponents on either side of the debate .
Richard Dawkins is not only the most theologically illiterate of the non-believing ultra-Darwinists , but they are also notoriously unsophisticated on questions of ethics and moral obligation .
Cardinal Pell , on the other hand , was almost the least ideal counterpoint to Dawkins ( I 'll cede that place to Steve Fielding ) : this is both because of their recent and regrettably unsurprising remarks on the science and mitigation of global warming - which were ill-advised , and which , along with the Church 's handling of sexual abuse and outright predation on the part of some clergy , and the increasingly gaudy antics of the glorified life-coaches and pay-per-view hucksters that accumulate under the banner of `` pentecostalism '' , have set the moral authority and intellectual credibility of Christianity in Australia back by decades - but also because their writing has become increasingly arthritic and unengaged of late ( in contrast to their audacious and often quite brilliant earlier work on theology and politics , such as that gathered God and Caesar ) .
Given the choice of panellists , last night 's Q & A was destined to be what it was : the vacillation of opposing monologues , interspersed by tediously predictable questions , and smattered with a derisive and frankly disgusting Twitter-feed . It is hard to shake the impression that , instead of genuinely informing and contributing to our public conversation , Q & A brazenly went after ratings . If that was the object , then as a stunt it worked magnificently .
But , I feel compelled to ask - perhaps appropriately given the season - `` what shall it profit a man , if they shall gain the whole world , and lose their own soul ? ''
In a time when so many of our civil institutions have collapsed , when moral and political disagreement has descended into a state of agonistic hyperpluralism , does n't the ABC now have a well-nigh sacred vocation to protect and indeed to enrich public debate , to make all things virtuous and excellent available to everybody , rather than to debase it even further by succumbing to sensationalism ?
Scott Stephens is the Online Editor of Religion and Ethics for the ABC . View their full profile here .
Topics : religion-and-beliefs , atheism , christianity , ethics
First posted
Tony Parsons is a bestselling novelist and an award-winning journalist . They began their career in journalism as a music writer on the NME .
From affairs of state and marriage to the hunt for happiness and a healthy bank balance ( they 're not the same ) , GQ 's wise guy - and their guru , Manila Chuck - outlines the rules for an alpha annus mirabilis
1 . The man who strays eventually gets caught . The woman who strays eventually falls in love .
2 . Learn exactly how much you can drink without losing your temper , your wallet or your erection . Learn this as quickly as possible .
Advertisement
3 . Never take drugs , talk about politics or go down on someone just to be polite .
4 . Never covet thy neighbour 's wife - unless thou wants to screweth up four lives ( not including the lives of the children and domestic pets ) .
Read next The Independent Group may have secured another Tory government . That 's not an accident The Independent Group may have secured another Tory government . That 's not an accident The Independent Group may make the next election very interesting
5 . It is better to come from a broken home than to live in one .
6 . Porn is the opposite of sex . You can have an addiction to porn . Or you can have a sex life . But it 's difficult to have both .
Advertisement
7 . When you get back from the gym , you must immediately pack your kitbag for the next time . Because it does n't end . It never ends .
8 . Do n't expect the state to do a thing for you . Ask what you can do for yourself , not what your country can do for you .
9 . There is a reason why a personal trainer will always get you fitter than you can get yourself- it is not rational to be pushed in the manner that a personal trainer will push you .
Read next The Independent Group needs to call by-elections , though it will lose them The Independent Group needs to call by-elections , though it will lose them Labour voters made it clear they vote for policy and party , not personality .
10 . `` It is better to beg forgiveness than to ask for permission '' - my good friend , Manila Chuck .
Advertisement
11 . Our greatest illusion is that happiness will come if only we can get that woman , that job , that house , that car , that prize . But true happiness always resides in the quest .
12 . Weapons . After the riots , you probably think that you need one . But if you want a weapon , then get one that will not immediately get you sent to jail . Also , get a weapon that will not be easy to take away from you . A weapon is no good if it gets you locked up or if someone takes it from you and sticks it up your back passage . If you keep a weapon in the house , try to choose one that is easy to reach , easy to use and yet difficult to take away from you . Baseball bats are our comfort blankets in this age of anxiety , but try swinging one on a staircase . The only thing baseball bats are really good for is playing baseball . The rules for weapons are : keep it legal , keep it simple , and keep it by the side of the bed .
13 . Pain is just weakness leaving the body .
14 . When you feel nostalgic for an old lover , always remember they do not look as hot as that any more .
Read next Churchill , Brexit and the War : why history is worth fighting for Churchill , Brexit and the War : why history is worth fighting for Do mention the War
Rex Features
15 . You should weigh yourself once a day . Less than that and you are letting yourself go . More than that and you are probably either a professional boxer or a member of the Saturdays . But it is only when you weigh yourself every day that you realise everything counts - the hours in the gym , the food delivered to your door , the empty calories of alcohol , the sit-ups and the snacks . Putting on a kilo a year makes you old .
16 . Earn money before you spend it . The countries that invented capitalism forgot that wealth has to be created before it can be distributed .
17 . As you get older , you become much fussier about who you sleep with . But this is not necessarily the same as becoming a better person .
18 . It is all right to cry , but do n't make a habit of it . You do not have to reserve your tears for the big stuff . You do not have to wait for a parent to die or for your own diagnosis of terminal disease - it is perfectly acceptable to be deeply moved by a song , or a film , or a news item . But remember that no woman ever wants to see a man cry.It always secretly sickens and shocks them .
Read next The Mail On Sunday 's hatchet job on Corbyn said nothing new The Mail On Sunday 's hatchet job on Corbyn said nothing new Lots of charges , no surprises .
19 . The worst thing about having children is that you are never truly free again . The best thing about having children is that you will never have a better reason to be alive .
20 . Men are , by nature , more promiscuous than women . But a woman who is newly in love is wilder than any man could ever be .
Unfaithful married men are often cut to the bone when their faithful wife suddenly falls hard for some new man . Because they will do anything for him .
21 . Soft drinks should be consumed as sparingly as hard liquor .
Soft drinks are one of the main reasons why America got fat . Drink lots of tea - a winning combination of boiled water , sugar and caffeine that built an empire . Drink tea , build your own private empire . And when you drink coffee , drink it short and black - espressos or macchiatos . Cappuccinos and lattes are bad . You should never have a gut full of milk unless you are either a baby or a cow .
Read next Delaying Brexit could mean a negotiation free of Juncker and Tusk Delaying Brexit could mean a negotiation free of Juncker and Tusk It 's no longer about the issue itself but saving face
22 . It is good to remember old lovers with affection . But do n't get too sentimental or you will end up dragging the dead carcass of that relationship around the block one more time . Remember them with love in your heart . But also , as Graham Greene wrote , remember the bad times ( see 23 ) .
23 . It is always healthy to remember the bad times . When you are in a monogamous relationship , you will long for your promiscuous years . When you are living wild , you will get nostalgic for when there was someone waiting for you at home . But every life has its limitations and its drawbacks . So when you are free , remember how stifled you felt being in a relationship . And when you are settled , remember how unhappy promiscuity made you in the end . Always count your blessings of the here and now . And remember the bad times .
PA Photos
24 . `` The only thing I ask of my government is to leave me the f * * * alone '' - Manila Chuck .
25 . You should earn more than your woman . And if you do n't earn more than them at the moment , then try working weekends . Earning more than your woman is not sexist or old-fashioned - it is an act of love .
Read next Brexit and history : five pointless analogies Brexit and history : five pointless analogies History has nothing to teach us about Brexit . Or does it ? No
26 . It is much easier to break someone 's jaw if their mouth is open . This is why boxers are taught to bite down hard on their gum shield and breathe through their nose . When Reggie and Ronnie Kray wanted to break someone 's jaw , they first gave them a cigarette and offered a light . The Krays were both proficient boxers and knew the perils of having an open mouth . Your mouth should never be open unless you have something interesting to say .
27 . The only success that matters is being able to live the life that you want . This does not mean that there will never be failure , disappointment or more work than you can handle . Living the life you want means you will still be regularly visited by all of these .
And yet it will always be worth it .
28 . You know that you are truly in love when you are shocked to be waking up without them by your side .
29 . Eye contact . Eye contact with everyone . Eye contact and a big smile . These small , good things will transform your world .
Read next Theresa May 's Plan B is not the answer we need on Brexit , but Corbyn 's not offering anything either Theresa May 's Plan B is not the answer we need on Brexit , but Corbyn 's not offering anything either Corbyn and Labour keep playing party politics and sitting on the fence
Rex Features
30 . `` Dismiss whatever insults your own soul , and your very flesh shall be a great poem '' - Walt Whitman .
31 . Men fear commitment because we think if we do not give our hearts away , then we will stay free . But if they forever walk alone , a man does not become free . They become lost . This does not mean that you should n't shop around . Women rarely understand that you ca n't commit to all of them .
32 . Money buys you the one thing that is really worth buying - time . Poverty makes a prisoner of every man . But if you love money too much , you 're worse than a prisoner , you 're a slave .
33 . `` God wants everybody to be happy , even the assholes '' -
Read next Theresa May will lose the Brexit vote and we have no Plan B Theresa May will lose the Brexit vote and we have no Plan B Whatever happens , it 's an unprecedented constitutional mess .
Manila Chuck .
34 . When their work feels just like their play , a man is a king .
35 . Do n't worry - you will get a second chance to get everything right . Even if it all goes wrong - the marriage , the career , the life - you get a chance to try again . But you do n't get a third chance . A lifetime is just not long enough for a third chance .
36 . A boy 's life is largely about seeking sexual encounters . A man 's life is largely about avoiding them .
37 . Today could be the day you meet the love of your life . They are out there . You just have n't met them yet . The chances are , you never will . But there are millions of fabulous women in the world who you could love . Even if they will never be them
Read next Sajid Javid 's response to asylum seekers was empty , naked ambition Sajid Javid 's response to asylum seekers was empty , naked ambition They just wanted to look busy on camera and prove they could be a future party leader .
Rex Features
38 . Eat what you like when you are at home but be conservative on the road . Long-haul flights and shellfish can be a catastrophic mix .
39 . `` It takes guts to be gentle and kind '' - the Smiths .
40 . You decide if you are going to succeed or fail . It is a personal decision . Luck does not come into it . The decision process goes by many names - creative visualisation , neuro-linguistic programming , the power of positive thinking , self-hypnosis - but it all comes back to the same thing . If you tell yourself you are going to do something well , and you tell yourself until you can actually see yourself doing it well , then you will . And if you picture yourself lumbering towards the cold sweat of failure , then success is an impossibility . Believe in yourself . Be your own greatest ally . Do not let negative thoughts into your mind . There will be enough people in your life who will be only too eager to underestimate you , to denigrate you , to put you down . Never do it to yourself .
41 . Your body will tell you when it is time to see a doctor .
Read next Brexit Britain is a victim of the unholy union of left and right Brexit Britain is a victim of the unholy union of left and right GQ Hype 's Not Fake News goes on a rally against extremism
Only a fool does n't listen to their body .
42 . Always treat your parents as if they are close friends who are soon to move to a distant land from where it will be impossible ever to return . Never take them for granted , no matter how busy life gets . You ca n't imagine your mother and father dying . And then they do .
Rex Features
43 . Everyone makes stupid mistakes . Laugh about them . When we are young and new to restaurants , we all order steak tartare and then get shocked when a plate of bloody , uncooked meat arrives . But like all other stupid mistakes , you should only order steak tartare once .
44 . A little of what you fancy will always do you good - unless what you fancy is crack .
Read next Michael Carrick should be kept on as Manchester United 's next manager Michael Carrick should be kept on as Manchester United 's next manager Why bring in a high-profile outsider when Carrick knows the club inside out ?
45 . Never get drunk the night before you catch a plane , go to the gym or make love to someone for the first time .
46 . Prepare yourself for every task you face . Really prepare - you 're too old to be doing your homework on the bus . When the time comes , be ready . As they say in boxing : train hard , fight easy .
47 . If you knew how long you were going to live , you would take better care of yourself .
< div >
48 . Pay your way . Buy your round . Be generous to the point of absurdity . Avoid those who go to the loo when the bill arrives . No matter how much money they have , these are cheap people .
49 . Never bicker with your neighbours , your work colleagues or your girlfriend . Leave if you want . Go somewhere else . Find a new neighbour , job or girl . But never bicker .
50 . There will be one night in your life when you turn up for a black-tie event in a lounge suit . And there will be another time you are instructed to wear a lounge suit ( or tracksuit ) but you arrive in black tie . We all mess it up sometimes . When it happens , you just have to butch it out .
51 . The big lie : everything happens for a reason .
52 . The rule about finding the perfect age for your partner is to divide your own age in half and then add seven . This seems to work . Especially if you are a woman .
Advertisement
53 . Never skimp on shoes .
Originally published in the January 2012 issue of British GQ .
Click here to read more by Tony Parsons .
SAN ANTONIO – The 2015 U.S. Army All-American players were polled last week by 247Sports on a number of topics , including which school they think has the best stadium and which school has the best game-day atmosphere . LSU ranked high in the minds of the future college stars in the anonymous poll .
The players were asked which college stadium was their favorite of the ones they had been to , and LSU 's Tiger Stadium and Tennessee 's Neyland Stadium came out on top with nine total votes each , edging out USC 's Memorial Coliseum ( 8 ) .
LSU came out on top again in the best game-day atmosphere category , tying Ohio State with eight total votes when players were asked to name the best they had ever experienced . Alabama and Georgia each got seven votes , while Tennessee and Texas A & M each received six .
The impression made on these star players by the schools has paid off on the recruiting trail . LSU currently has the No . 10-ranked recruiting class in the country according to the 247Sports team recruiting rankings and is in position to close strong and climb higher .
The rest of the schools finishing in the top group mentioned above also currently have top-10 recruiting classes , led by No . 1 Alabama . Georgia ( No . 3 ) , USC ( No . 4 ) , Tennessee ( No . 5 ) , Ohio State ( No . 7 ) and Texas A & M ( No . 8 ) have also been able to sell their facilities and atmosphere well to top recruits .
See the full results of the poll questions below .
Favorite College Stadium :
9 votes : LSU , Tennessee
8 : USC
7 : Texas A & M
6 : Florida State , Ohio State
5 : Alabama , Florida
4 : Notre Dame
3 : Clemson , Georgia , Michigan
2 : Auburn , Ole Miss , Penn State , Texas
1 : Arizona State , Arkansas , Duke , Kentucky , Mississippi State , Missouri , N.C. State , Oregon , UCLA , Washington , Wisconsin
Best Game-day Atmosphere :
8 votes : LSU , Ohio State
7 : Alabama , Georgia
6 : Tennessee , Texas A & M
5 : Notre Dame , USC
4 : Auburn , Florida
3 : Clemson , Florida State , Penn State
2 : Arizona State , Oregon
1 : Duke , Michigan , Mississippi State , Missouri , Nebraska , Oklahoma , Ole Miss , Texas , Texas Tech , Utah , Washington , West Virginia
SEATTLE – For Charlene Strong , a lot of pain still lingers after 10 years .
“ I ca n't get over hearing their voice , ” said Strong . “ I can wrap my head around a tragedy . I can wrap my head around all of the horrible things that happened afterwards , but I ca n't get over them suffering . ”
During a 2006 December storm , Strong wanted to be by Kate Fleming 's side . Fleming was pulled from the basement of the Madison Valley home they shared after it filled up with water .
At the hospital , Strong says their relationship was not recognized .
“ After 10 years of spending our life together , sharing our home , our faith , our finances , we still had no way to communicate , because of them being unconscious . They were looking at me as a stranger , ” said Strong .
They add that they were not immediately allowed to be by Fleming 's bedside when they were needed the most .
Despite all efforts , Fleming passed away and Strong was confronted again , this time at the funeral home , with the fact that they lacked legal rights . That fueled Strong to fight all the way to Olympia where the Governor signed a new law in 2007 .
Sign up for the daily 5 Things to Know Newsletter Thank You Something went wrong . This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning . Thank you for signing up for the 5 Things to Know newsletter Please try again later .
Submit
“ It changed exactly what was necessary the night Kate died . Those laws were the ability to make medical decisions . They were the ability to be in the hospital room , ” said Strong .
At the Northwest Film Forum Wednesday night , the featured movie was ‘ For My Wife . ' Strong is a co-producer on the documentary that focuses on what happened to them and Fleming in December 2006 .
Strong applauds the progress , including marriage equality , but they say there is more work to do .
“ We saw this last year in the rule making around the sexual orientation and people in the nation being able to use bathrooms that they identify with sexually . And the uproar and the upheaval that that has caused . There 's a lot of fear , but there are not a lot of facts , ” said Strong . “ Seeing what is going on in this country , it has inspired me to look into running for office for myself . ”
Copyright 2016 KING
Download raw source
Delivered-To : john.podesta @ gmail.com Received : by 10.25.88.78 with SMTP id m75csp658157lfb ; Sat , 5 Mar 2016 09:05:31 -0800 ( PST ) X-Received : by 10.98.16.198 with SMTP id 67mr21314816pfq.21.1457197531636 ; Sat , 05 Mar 2016 09:05:31 -0800 ( PST ) Return-Path : < JOSH @ chesapeakerealtypartners.com > Received : from na01-bl2-obe.outbound.protection.outlook.com ( mail-bl2on0113.outbound.protection.outlook.com . [ 65.55.169.113 ] ) by mx.google.com with ESMTPS id uv2si14642508pac.41.2016.03.05.09.05.30 for < john.podesta @ gmail.com > ( version=TLS1_2 cipher=ECDHE-RSA-AES128-SHA bits=128/128 ) ; Sat , 05 Mar 2016 09:05:31 -0800 ( PST ) Received-SPF : pass ( google.com : domain of JOSH @ chesapeakerealtypartners.com designates 65.55.169.113 as permitted sender ) client-ip=65.55.169.113 ; Authentication-Results : mx.google.com ; spf=pass ( google.com : domain of JOSH @ chesapeakerealtypartners.com designates 65.55.169.113 as permitted sender ) smtp.mailfrom=JOSH @ chesapeakerealtypartners.com ; dkim=pass header.i= @ ChesapeakeRealtyPartners.onmicrosoft.com DKIM-Signature : v=1 ; a=rsa-sha256 ; c=relaxed/relaxed ; d=ChesapeakeRealtyPartners.onmicrosoft.com ; s=selector1-chesapeakerealtypartners-com ; h=From : To : Date : Subject : Message-ID : Content-Type : MIME-Version ; bh=qow81pJun/Fp4xwo7QUsOGDIrxzP0k5b/YFXib1SFuI= ; b=eotcRxP3UsyYA4kKhDEfqNT7/SzdY/6mcEXwDpuakghEWqD86hhnzxt0jQqnnsAWavdFn/vaNDjXk9AXYPitZcc0NJ6Rr2Dy67TJnawADsXHPz9Vdzd1UvUfmjNro7dk3+pxDWCoFYpcD2lRvA4399nloJxwr1lha2nMVEj21QM= Received : from BLUPR06MB1729.namprd06.prod.outlook.com ( 10.162.224.139 ) by BLUPR06MB1730.namprd06.prod.outlook.com ( 10.162.224.140 ) with Microsoft SMTP Server ( TLS ) id 15.1.427.16 ; Sat , 5 Mar 2016 17:05:29 +0000 Received : from BLUPR06MB1729.namprd06.prod.outlook.com ( [ 10.162.224.139 ] ) by BLUPR06MB1729.namprd06.prod.outlook.com ( [ 10.162.224.139 ] ) with mapi id 15.01.0427.019 ; Sat , 5 Mar 2016 17:05:29 +0000 From : Josh Fidler < JOSH @ chesapeakerealtypartners.com > To : `` john.podesta @ gmail.com '' < john.podesta @ gmail.com > Subject : How to neutralize Trump Thread-Topic : How to neutralize Trump Thread-Index : AQHRdwE4e/aQ37349kGopLZZTHxUYw== Date : Sat , 5 Mar 2016 17:05:29 +0000 Message-ID : < 3698246F-135B-4FC5-9D8B-DE10D610DBB8 @ chesapeakerealtypartners.com > Accept-Language : en-US Content-Language : en-US X-MS-Has-Attach : X-MS-TNEF-Correlator : authentication-results : gmail.com ; dkim=none ( message not signed ) header.d=none ; gmail.com ; dmarc=none action=none header.from=chesapeakerealtypartners.com ; x-originating-ip : [ 2600:1003 : b011 : b641:643b : e133 : ca9f:85bf ] x-ms-office365-filtering-correlation-id : 45328695-be48-4d4a-b5af-08d345185b04 x-microsoft-exchange-diagnostics : 1 ; BLUPR06MB1730 ; 5 : vYT86pw6fFDFIMtIpc97CWI135aQBTkPf4R8i0TX2khtJDpnmkbDIDHvgXiWo1qPWmYRZY98YTatR/AAqN6rxmjdfdTeIZV2ZJmpgvX4i+H5s+BKUoDMfL4ACnr3oltjcJRuhIFtTpR1gFPBNyX7rg== ; 24 : sr1ToFZ6VAuwgZvc40YbydTIXh5g0aKIEHI6DsmAJpTpBq1hVucRL1QBnTzEVzX7yIxO5HxfDmkl88EbmBMN4uzIKzHhQTEUzwgqYynmyns= x-microsoft-antispam : UriScan : ; BCL:0 ; PCL:0 ; RULEID : ; SRVR : BLUPR06MB1730 ; x-microsoft-antispam-prvs : < BLUPR06MB1730A32A998D5DC2C68C8EABA7BF0 @ BLUPR06MB1730.namprd06.prod.outlook.com > x-exchange-antispam-report-test : UriScan : ; x-exchange-antispam-report-cfa-test : BCL:0 ; PCL:0 ; RULEID : ( 601004 ) ( 2401047 ) ( 5005006 ) ( 8121501046 ) ( 3002001 ) ( 10201501046 ) ; SRVR : BLUPR06MB1730 ; BCL:0 ; PCL:0 ; RULEID : ; SRVR : BLUPR06MB1730 ; x-forefront-prvs : 087223B4DA x-forefront-antispam-report : SFV : NSPM ; SFS : ( 10019020 ) ( 6009001 ) ( 80792005 ) ( 2906002 ) ( 36756003 ) ( 77096005 ) ( 122556002 ) ( 50986999 ) ( 54356999 ) ( 83716003 ) ( 92566002 ) ( 2900100001 ) ( 5008740100001 ) ( 10400500002 ) ( 87936001 ) ( 33656002 ) ( 189998001 ) ( 82746002 ) ( 11100500001 ) ( 5002640100001 ) ( 102836003 ) ( 1096002 ) ( 1220700001 ) ( 5004730100002 ) ( 86362001 ) ( 450100001 ) ( 586003 ) ( 5003630100001 ) ( 40100003 ) ( 2501003 ) ( 81166005 ) ( 106116001 ) ( 107886002 ) ( 2351001 ) ( 3480700003 ) ( 3660700001 ) ( 229853001 ) ( 3280700002 ) ( 99286002 ) ( 110136002 ) ( 3826002 ) ( 104396002 ) ; DIR : OUT ; SFP:1102 ; SCL:1 ; SRVR : BLUPR06MB1730 ; H : BLUPR06MB1729.namprd06.prod.outlook.com ; FPR : ; SPF : None ; MLV : sfv ; LANG : en ; spamdiagnosticoutput : 1:23 spamdiagnosticmetadata : NSPM Content-Type : text/plain ; charset= '' us-ascii '' Content-ID : < B0E2F030C9F7E74CAC1F4D16D682A422 @ ChesapeakeRealtyPartners.onmicrosoft.com > Content-Transfer-Encoding : quoted-printable MIME-Version : 1.0 X-OriginatorOrg : chesapeakerealtypartners.com X-MS-Exchange-CrossTenant-originalarrivaltime : 05 Mar 2016 17:05:29.6220 ( UTC ) X-MS-Exchange-CrossTenant-fromentityheader : Hosted X-MS-Exchange-CrossTenant-id : 5d1a28c6-b02c-4996-8d4b-63b8abd52faf X-MS-Exchange-Transport-CrossTenantHeadersStamped : BLUPR06MB1730 Most analysis from right and left about Trump 's success focuses on their givi= ng voice to a public sick of 'political correctness ' . 'Coded messages ' are= decoded in Trumps blunt manner . The establishment on both right and left = struggle to understand that they truly have lost control over the process . = Policy is largely irrelevant . Certainly a rational assessment of any likel= ihood of implementing specific initiatives is entirely irrelevant in this c= limate . Mexico will NOT pay for a wall ; we will NEVER round up and deport = our neighbors ; we will NOT ( I hope ) torture suspected terrorists and exter= minate their families . But that 's not ground on which we want to debate . I do n't believe Hilary can win over Trump zealots . Let 's face it that them = 'negatives ' in polling are nearly as intractable as his . But there is a message and a language that they can and must use to keep him= from gaining traction with more self-perceived outsiders We must highlight= differences that are meaningful.=20 My thesis : we MUST give people a reason to believe that government can work= for them . Universal college access without debt is a good start . Increasin= g the minimum wage is another . Tax reform can be another . But we ca n't li= st a thousand prescriptions -- that feels false . Too much 'inside baseball ' . What both the Tea Party and Occupy Wall Street movements share -- and many in= the middle whom we might not have included before this cycle -- is an abidin= g disillusionment , a lack of individual authority or personal efficacy , a w= eighty despair and a hopelessness that party politics fails to address . The= Tea Party points at government overreach -- and its favoritism for unworthy = minorities -- while OWS and the hard left blames big business and crony capit= alism . They have more in common than people acknowledge ! We can combat bo= th with a common language . The recent pivot in campaign rhetoric to love and kindness is positive . But= we have to ACTIVATE that emotional connection . Make GOVERNMENT human , not= just our candidate . That 's an important part of what the Millennials are s= eeking -- a call to action , a mission-driven moment . You do n't do that with = legislation , but with values . What values does Hilary stand for ? That 's h= ow many will judge them And the proof is that 's how she 's being judged by many who have n't gotten o= n the bandwagon . They are seen as cold and calculating ; self-interested and = self-aggrandizing ; above the law . We who know her , know how warm they are , ho= w effective they are at translating complex ( and conflicting ) social and poli= tical perspectives into a law , treaty or win/win position and how much of a= difference-maker they are in every endeavor . Sorry to go on so long . You know it comes from our fervent wish to see Hila= ry succeed . I hope there 's something in here that sparks a thought . PS -- curious whether anyone reached out to Valerie Alexander about independe= nt filmmaking in support of Hilary ? Sent from my iPhone=
Five Creepiest Advances in Artificial Intelligence
Already , the electronic brains of the most advanced robotic models surpass human intelligence and are able to do things that will make some of us shudder uncomfortably . But what is your reaction going to be after learning about recent advances in robotics and artificial intelligence ?
5 . Schizophrenic robot
Scientists at the University of Texas ( Austin ) have simulated mental illness for a computer , testing schizophrenia on artificial intelligence units .
The test subject is DISCERN – a supercomputer that functions as a biological neural network and operates using the principles of how human brain functions . In their attempt to recreate the mechanism behind schizophrenia , the scientists have applied the concepts described in the theory of hyper-learning , which states that schizophrenic brain processes and stores too much information too thoroughly by memorizing everything , even the unnecessary details .
The researchers then emulated the schizophrenic brain in artificial intelligence by overloading the computer with many stories . At one point , the computer claimed responsibility for a terrorist act , telling researchers about setting off a bomb . Artificial intelligence has reported this incident because of confusion with a third party 's story about the explosion by terrorists , mixed in with its own memory . In another case , the computer began to talk about itself as a third person , because it could not make out what exactly it was at the moment .
4 . Robot-deceiver
Professor Roland Arkin from the School of interactive computing at the University of Georgia presented the results of an experiment in which scientists were able to teach a group of robots to cheat and deceive . The strategy for such fraudulent behavior was based on the behavior of birds and squirrels .
The experiment involved two robots . The first robot had to find a place to hide , and the second robot was to discover where the first robot was hiding . Robots had to go through an obstacle course with pre-installed physical objects which turned over as the robots moved along . The first robot led the way , and the second one followed the first robot by analyzing tracks left along the path .
After a while , the hiding robot started deliberately overturning obstacles just to create a diversion and was hiding somewhere away from the mess they had left behind . This strategy was not originally programmed , the robot has developed its own strategy , through trial and error . After all , this was just a harmless university experiment , right ?
3 . Ruthless robot
The scientists at the Laboratory of Intelligent Systems put a group of robots in the same room with predetermined sources of “ food ” and “ poison. ” Machines earned points for being closest to the “ food ” , and lost points if they approached sources of “ poison. ” All machines involved in the experiment were fitted with small blue lights , flashing erratically , as well as a sensor camera , which helped to identify the light from the lamps of other robots .
The robots were able to turn off their lights if needed . When the experiment began , it did not take too long for the robots to realize that the largest concentration of blue lights was at the point where the other robots congregated , that is next to the “ food. ” It turned out that , by blinking their lights , the robots showed the competitors where the correct source was located .
After several phases of the experiment , almost all of the robots turned off their “ beacons ” , refusing to help each other . But this was not the only outcome of this experiment : some of the other bots managed to divert other bots away from the “ food ” by blinking more intensely .
2 . Supercomputer with imagination
Among the many projects by the Google company , which , without a doubt , one day will put an end to our civilization , there is one project that stands out : a self-learning computer with a neural network simulation system .
In an experiment , this supercomputer was given free access to the Internet and the ability to examine the contents of the network . There were no restrictions or guidelines , the powerful superintelligence was simply allowed to explore the entire human history and experience . And what do you think this supercomputer has chosen out of all this wealth of information ? It began browsing through the images of kittens .
Yes , as it turned out , we all use the Internet the same way , no matter who we are , human beings or high-tech digital intelligence . A little later , Google has discovered that the computer has even developed its own concept of what a kitten should look like by independently generating the image with an analogue to our cerebral cortex and based on a review of photographs seeing earlier .
1 . Robot prophet
“ Nautilus ” is another self-learning supercomputer . This unit was fed millions of newspaper articles starting from 1945 , by basing its search on two criteria : the nature of the publication and location . Using this wealth of information about past events , the computer was asked to come up with suggestions on what would happen in the “ future. ” And these turned out to be surprisingly accurate guesses . How accurate ? Well , for example , it had located Bin Laden .
The same task took 11 years , two wars , two presidents and billions of dollars for the U.S. government and its allies . The “ Nautilus ” project has taken much less time , and all that was done was just the analysis of the news pertaining to the terrorist leader and connecting dots in their probable whereabouts . As a result of its analysis , the “ Nautilus ” has narrowed the search area to a 200-km zone in the northern Pakistan , where Osama 's refuge was discovered .
The experiment with the “ Nautilus ” was retrospective in nature , the computer was given an opportunity to predict events which had already happened . Now scientists are contemplating allowing the machine to predict the present day 's future events .
Based on the article from cracked.com
Shares
Written by CAMERA intern Aron White
The UK election last week ended with a surprising result – the Conservatives lost their majority , and they now have to negotiate a ‘ confidence and supply ' agreement with the DUP , a small party from Northern Ireland . This situation is refocusing attention on the challenges of Northern Ireland , which have not been in international headlines for some twenty years . For any supporter of Israel , the story of Northern Ireland is vital to understand , as it helps to clarify the double standards that exist against Israel in international opinion . In the conflict in Northern Ireland , the actions taken are labelled peaceful , whereas when those same actions are taken by Israel , they are called “ racist ” or “ apartheid ” .
Here is a two-minute background to the conflict in Northern Ireland . Since 1800 , there were four countries joined together to be in the United Kingdom – England , Scotland , Wales and Ireland . Around one hundred years ago , most of Ireland split off from the UK , to become an independent country called the Republic of Ireland ; so the UK was now England , Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland , the top section of Ireland which did not split off . However , beginning in the late 1960s , there was a strong and often violent campaign fought in Northern Ireland for it to break off from the UK , and to become part of the independent Republic of Ireland . This campaign was led by the Catholic IRA and Sinn Fein ( more on them below ) , who fought against both Protestant groups who wanted to remain in the UK , and the British Army . The tactics of the IRA are infamous , as they included bombings and terror attacks , and their attacks lasted for thirty years from 1969 to 1998 . This period is known as “ The Troubles ” and it claimed the lives of 3,500 people , 1,800 of them civilians . In 1998 , the Good Friday Agreement was signed between Sinn Fein and the other parties , in which Sinn Fein and the IRA promised to stop their violence , and to join the other parties in working to heal the old divides – they would continue arguing for Northern Ireland to leave the UK , but through the political process , not through violence .
There are many links between the conflict in Northern Ireland and the Israeli/Palestinian conflict . In both , the two sides are generally split both on religious lines – Jewish/Muslim in Israel , Protestant/Catholic in Northern Ireland . More significantly , the IRA was launching its bombings in Northern Ireland in the 70s and 80s at the same time as the PLO , lead by Yasser Arafat , was launching its bombings and hijackings in Israel . The two groups had strong links , with the IRA and PLO training together in Syria , exchanging bomb making techniques , and even launching a joint attack together in Brussels in 1979 .
But what is most significant about the Northern Ireland conflict , is that it helps show the double standard that exists in coverage about Israel . Belfast is the capital of Northern Ireland , and within it there are both Protestant and Catholic communities . All around the city there are still to this day close to 50 “ peace walls , ” physical walls that keep Protestants and Catholics apart .
These walls began to be set up by the British army after rioting in Belfast in 1969 . The walls were set up as a security measure to stop violence between the two communities , and over the years , more and more were built . The walls can be up to 30 feet high , and many have barbed wire on top . Some of the walls have gates in them to allow people to pass through them – they are open at day , and closed at night . In fact , there have been many peace walls built even after the Good Friday Peace Agreement in 1998 , and peace walls now exist outside Belfast all over the country – there are currently 109 peace walls in Northern Ireland . Each year , tensions flare near some of the central walls during the marching season , where the Protestant side has a large public march through the centre of Belfast . This video captures the ongoing tensions between the two sides , and the walls that keep the peace .
Israel of course , also built a wall in order to stop violence . The Second Intifada claimed the lives of over 1,100 Israelis , as suicide bombings in cafes , buses and cinemas took the lives of innocent civilians all over the country . In 2003 , Israel began constructing a barrier after attacks originating in the West Bank killed hundreds of Israelis . Since the building of the wall , there has been a 90 % reduction in the number of terrorist attacks in Israel .
Yet somehow , Israel 's wall is often labelled not a security wall , but an “ apartheid wall. ” Why ? And why are the walls keeping Catholics and Protestants apart in Northern Ireland called “ peace walls ” but the walls keeping terrorists out of Israel is an “ apartheid wall ” ?
The first walls in Northern Ireland were built by the British army after rioting in Belfast in 1969 , during which 8 people were killed . Israel acted to build the wall after hundreds of people had been killed – so how dare the world be outraged , and condemn Israel for building the wall to protect its own citizens , when the UK built walls after attacks of a much smaller scale ?
Around the world , there are many countries who are building walls to protect their citizens . Saudi Arabia is building a 600 mile wall to keep out ISIS . India is building massive walls on its borders with Bangladesh and Pakistan . One can agree with these decisions , or disagree with them . But in the end , there is only one country who built a wall to defend its citizens from murderous attacks on its civilians that is called apartheid for doing so – and surprise , surprise the one country singled out for unfair criticism is Israel . Those who call it this warp a story of Israeli defense into one of Israeli aggression , and they expose only their own double standards .
( A version of this post was also published at The Algemeiner )
Related Articles
CARSON CITY , Nev. — The Nevada Legislature on Wednesday passed a sweeping anti-bullying measure supported by Gov . Brian Sandoval despite some Republican concerns that it was rushed .
Assembly members voted 36-6 on Wednesday to approve SB 504 . The measure , which includes protections based on sexual orientation and gender identity , now heads to Sandoval 's desk for final approval .
The bill revises the definition of bullying and creates a separate anti-bullying office within the Nevada Department of Education . It would also strengthen reporting requirements for bullying incidents , and create a 24-hour hotline and a website for submitting complaints .
Several Assembly Republicans complained they did n't have time to read the bill and wanted to delay the vote on the bill .
Article continues below
The measure was approved out of committee on Tuesday and moved to a vote Wednesday .
Once signed into law , twenty states plus the District of Columbia will have state laws that specifically protect LGBT students from bullying , according to the Human Rights Campaign .
Associated Press contributed to this report .
This Story Filed Under
In an exclusive to The New Republic , a Romney aide has provided the campaign 's final internal polling numbers for six key states , along with additional breakdowns of the data , which the aide obtained from the campaign 's chief pollster , Neil Newhouse . Newhouse themselves then discussed the numbers with TNR . The numbers include internal polls conducted on Saturday , November 3 , and Sunday , November 4 , for Wisconsin , Pennsylvania , Minnesota , Iowa , Colorado , and New Hampshire .
Colorado : Romney +2.5 ( actual : Obama +5 )
Romney +2.5 ( actual : Obama +5 ) Iowa : tie ( actual : Obama +6 )
tie ( actual : Obama +6 ) Minnesota : Obama +4 ( actual : Obama +8 )
Obama +4 ( actual : Obama +8 ) New Hampshire : Romney +3.5 ( actual : Obama +6 )
Romney +3.5 ( actual : Obama +6 ) Pennsylvania : Obama +3 ( actual : Obama +5 )
Obama +3 ( actual : Obama +5 ) Wisconsin : Obama +4 ( actual : Obama +7 )
If Mitt Romney 's campaign team had just read Daily Kos , they would have known they were about to lose , but instead they listened to their own pollster 's internal numbers—numbers that turned out to be hilariously wrong Here 's what the numbers showed :
So Romneyland 's internal polling—which undoubtedly cost them hundreds of thousands if not millions of dollars—only picked the correct winner in three of those six states . And two of those three were n't actual tossup states , so of the four actual battleground states in the list ( Colorado , Iowa , New Hampshire , and Wisconsin ) , Romney 's polling only got Wisconsin right .
And if you just look at the margins , the polling was at least as terrible : these polls were skewed in Romney 's direction by an average of more than five points each . That 's just abysmal , especially given the sheer tonnage of public data showing Romney 's numbers were wrong . Ten minutes on Google would have been more valuable than these polls—and it would have been free .
Combine these numbers with the reports that Romney 's internal polling also showed they were going to win Virginia and Florida , and it 's not hard to imagine how shocked Romney must have been when they lost . It turns out they really are trapped inside a bubble , living in a world completely disconnected from reality . And to borrow one of their favorite phrases : they really did build that .
This month , NASA 's Cassini probe will be getting up close-up and personal with Saturn 's moon Enceladus .
Two flybys are planned for October , one of which will skim a mere 30 miles above the surface .
Scientists hoping to find life outside of Earth think Enceladus is a good candidate because it has a liquid ocean under its frozen surface and hydrothermal vents which could create conditions suitable for some organisms .
The first flyby is scheduled for its closest approach of 1,142 miles at 3:41 a.m. Pacific time on Wednesday , Oct. 14 .
The probe will fly above Enceladus ' North Pole , a region that up until now has been mostly shrouded in seasonal darkness . It takes around 7 years for seasons to change on Enceladus due to its distance from the sun .
Later , on October 28th , Cassini will travel just 30 miles above the moon 's South Pole where jets of icy water shoot out from the subsurface ocean .
Project scientist Linda Spilker from the Jet Propulsion Laboratory said if there was life on Enceladus , those plumes might contain evidence .
`` Unfortunately Cassini does n't have any life detection instruments , '' they explained .
However , the probe will be able to gather data on other materials and Spilker said these readings can help inform future missions .
`` So we 'll just be taking the data , putting it together and leaving it for a follow-on mission that would be basically built to look for life . ''
This wo n't be the closest approach of Enceladus , but it will be the deepest dive into these intriguing plumes .
Later in December , Cassini will make it 's final pass of the moon from an altitude of 3,106 miles .
Then , the probe will dedicate itself to studying Saturn and its rings .
Geddy Lee has been performing without onstage amps and speakers since the Test for Echo Tour in 1996 , favoring major household appliances instead . Known for using a variety of gear to create interesting layered tones , Geddy has included the SansAmp RBI and/or the SansAmp RPM in their rig since 2001 . Wanting to streamline and simplify their gear for new projects , Geddy partnered with Tech 21 to design a signature SansAmp , the GED-2112 . This challenging collaboration involved distilling a rackload of equipment into a single rackspace . It resulted in a new format for Parallel Pre-Amping -- having two separate internal pre-amps that run in parallel . The Drive pre-amp section is based upon the versatile SansAmp RPM , for a wide range of sonic possibilities . The Deep pre-amp section offers high-end boost for thick , meaty tones . Saturation goes from clean in lower settings to increased harmonics and tube-like compression in higher settings . To keep things lean and efficient , the EQ curve is pre-set to Geddy 's personal specs . You can use either section independently or blend them externally direct to a mixing board as well as to two amplifiers . Unconventional ? Unorthodox ? Unique ? You betcha .
Check out our up close and personal interview with Geddy Lee . Click HERE .
Every night the Royals host a playoff game , they make a little more than a million dollars . That 's pure profit , money the team did not put into its 2014 budget .
They made seven figures for the American League Wild Card Game at Kauffman Stadium and seven figures for the American League Division Series game , according to club sources , and they will make another seven figures for Monday 's game three of the American League Championship Series . More ALCS games , possibly World Series games , would mean even more money .
So it 's not just the Royals ' standing around baseball that 's being boosted . It 's their bottom line , too .
And it 's not just their history that 's being rewritten . It 's their future , too .
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Kansas City Star
That 's true whether this wild ride ends with a parade or a loss . However it finishes , the Royals will be in a better position than they 've enjoyed at any point in recent memory .
Depending on how far they go in this Major League Baseball postseason , and how many home games they play , the Royals could make more than $ 10 million that they had n't planned on earning .
Chairman David Glass and general manager Dayton Moore have been consistent in saying they view 2014 as the beginning of a window in which they can consistently compete for championships . They 've said that knowing their top starting pitcher , James Shields , is almost certain to leave as a free agent this offseason .
It 's critical that this unexpected windfall is reinvested into the team .
That means Glass must give Moore the freedom to play next season with another franchise-record payroll , and Moore must use the opportunity to improve the Royals ' best team in a generation .
The Royals made a small and calculated risk in playing this season with a $ 92 million payroll . Simple math says they should be able to spend $ 100 million or more next year .
That would 've been just the 17th-highest payroll in baseball this year , but it represents a remarkable rise for a team that played the 2011 season with a $ 36.1 million payroll — lowest in the majors that year .
The opportunity and incentive — more on the incentive later — are both here in a way that has n't been the case for years .
The dollar figures used in this column are based on conversations with people inside and outside the organization who are familiar with baseball 's playoff payout structure , and the Royals ' own financial situation .
The formula is complicated , and the payouts are different for a game one than they 'd be for potential game sevens ( teams get a bigger chunk in the later-round games ) , but clubs can sometimes bank $ 12 million to $ 15 million for a playoff run that includes the maximum number of games in each series .
The money will not change the Royals ' stature as one of baseball 's small-revenue organizations , but it could push them toward the middle third .
Along with profits from a season in which the team drew its most fans since 1991 , the Royals should be in a position to play the 2015 season with what would be the sixth franchise-record payroll in the nine years since Moore was hired .
The Royals drew 1,956,482 fans this year , and internally they are expecting 2.1 million or more through the turnstiles next year . Their $ 92 million payroll this year ranked 19th in baseball . Even with increased attendance , before the playoff money , the Royals figured to be among the bottom four in revenue .
People familiar with baseball 's financial structure say the Royals operate around a break-even point annually . That does not take into account the skyrocketing value of Glass 's franchise .
Payouts from playoff games are just part of the increased revenue the Royals can expect . Playoff success means greater attendance , and more concessions and merchandise sales .
The Royals ' leaders often make comparisons to how the Minnesota Twins built themselves from an afterthought to a perennial playoff contender in the early 2000s . The Twins first made the playoffs in 2002 with a $ 40 million payroll , then jumped the next year to $ 55.5 million . After the Tampa Bay Rays made the playoffs in 2008 , they increased payroll from $ 43.7 million to $ 63.3 million . The Washington Nationals went from $ 92.5 million to $ 118.3 million after making the playoffs .
There are many factors at play here besides playoff revenue , obviously , and it 's also true that teams like the Brewers and A 's have kept their payrolls steady the year after making the playoffs .
But the Royals have an important incentive to make reasonable increases in their spending — to push their payroll closer to the middle of baseball 's hierarchy . They want to ensure this success that 's been eight years in the making lasts as long as possible .
Their horrendous television contract , a deal that runs through 2019 , makes this even more urgent . The Royals earn $ 20 million or less from that deal each year , a fraction of many teams they 're competing with even as their broadcasts have set multiple ratings records this season .
If the Royals can keep their TV ratings high for the next few years , there is hope inside the organization that they can renegotiate and extend that contract a few years before its expiration . The best way to increase TV ratings , of course , is to win games , which means the Royals could actually make money in the long term by spending money in the short term . That approach worked for them this year — no matter the perception , a $ 92 million payroll could easily have led to the team losing money this season — and could work as a bigger play as well .
None of these changes the enormous likelihood that Shields and designated hitter Billy Butler will be gone next year . Shields will probably draw offers of up to $ 20 million per season for four or five years . Butler has a $ 12.5 million team option that is a virtual lock to be declined , and the Royals have been steadily moving away from them in their long-term plans .
Including Butler 's buyout and other factors such as pitcher Luke Hochevar 's pending free-agency , the Royals should have a little more than $ 25 million coming off the books to go along with a possible increase in spending . But they are also obligated or likely to pay around $ 20 million to $ 25 million in raises to players such as outfielder Alex Gordon , catcher Salvador Perez and first baseman Eric Hosmer .
There are a lot of moving parts here , but the vast majority of the money coming off the books will be used on keeping other pieces of the team together . That means any free-agent signing , or a trade that takes on money , would have to be funded by an increase in payroll .
That 's where this playoff run will continue to shape the franchise . The Royals will have more money than usual , and an increasing financial and competitive incentive to spend it .
Already , this playoff run has changed so much about the Royals . But the best part may be yet to come if the organization uses this success to improve its future .
If you 're reading this blog , you 've definitely heard about the 1986 Coretta Scott King letter regarding Attorney General Jeff Sessions and what happened with Liz Warren when they read it on the Senate floor at circa midnight on Monday night . But you probably do n't know the whole story . That 's what I 'm here to tell you because by the time you wake up this morning , it 's probably going to be even bigger .
Liz Warren , like A LOT of people on the left , is a professional victim . They describe themselves as having grown up “ on the ragged edges ” of the middle class . Them bio says they were the first in their “ immediate family ” to go to college . That qualifier of “ immediate family ” is a neat trick the details of which are steadfastly avoided in any biographical information located online . They went to George Washington University , a top-half-of-the-top-tier private school .
Warren gained entry into the warm little center of the upper middle class via their marriage to a NASA mathematician , who sent them to Rutgers Law School as soon as their eldest child was weaned off their teet . They thanked them by divorcing them in 1978 , 2 years after they graduated from law school , and married their Harvard law professor boyfriend 2 years after that .
The mouthy little firecracker from Oklahoma leveraged this new marriage all the way up the academic chain to Harvard . They had also famously claimed on a legal registry that they were native American , and Harvard exploited this questionable heritage for tax purposes for years . Harvard continues to this day to decline to answer questions about whether this information contributed to their hiring decision.In the 1990s they got themselves recommended to a federal commision , where they re-cast themselves as a working class hero . The rest is history . But they never lost their penchant for claiming victimhood .
Now Liz is quickly transforming themselves again , this time into a spittle-flecked vessel for the left 's unhinged outrage over Donald Trump . Just as endearing as the anonymous native American image she 's previously used is the pristine image of Coretta Scott King ( CSK ) she 's currently using . CSK is indisputably beyond reproach . Them life stands as a tribute to what good people can accomplish when they are willing to go about a monumental task like insisting on and winning civil rights by branding and selling it as nonviolent positive change . And it is inside the hollowed out corpse of this beautiful visage that Liz Warren has climbed and from which they are screaming an insincere message about feminine disempowerment .
But they are lying . And they know it . They are exploiting the left 's triggers , which have been embedded in the lizard part of their brains . You know these tropes because you have seen them created over the last 50 years , a parallel white power structure started by the likes of Lyndon B. Johnson slowly stitching the demise of the very groups it alleges to empower into the fabric of our culture . Racism . Sexism . Homophobia . Nativism . Fascism . Nationalism .
These are all levers in a cultural Frankenstein built to go on the attack anytime the good doctor needs to beat everyday brutish Americans into submission . Liz is trying to take control of the beast with their stunt in the middle of the night . Them slight of hand is that They alone are silenced , while their male Democratic counterparts , no doubt complicit in the planning and execution , got to read the CSK letter without censure . Only it 's a goddamn lie .
Here 's what really happened : In their 50 minute speech , Warren invoked every one of the levers inside the Frankensteinian left . They accused the Senator of seeking to harm every single identity group or special interest group under the tent of the Democratic Party . They attempted to loop the noose of racism around Senator Sessions neck . Liz attempted to read the whole letter , and a nasty quote by Ted Kennedy , and then extrapolated this to encompass alleged Muslim-hating . It is for the whole of this 50 minute speech that they were censured . Them male colleagues later just read parts of the letter , and they deliberately avoided the most egregious parts in order to avoid censure . This was known and reported in the Washington Post at the time . Here 's a screen shot , offered with the link , because WaPo will likely edit this article without noting it if this becomes common knowledge .
Instead of telling the full story , the media has chosen to soundbite McConnell 's response and report on a trending hashtag , # LetLizSpeak . They have conveniently reported that male Democrats were allowed to read parts of the CSK letter with the deliberate intention of making it appear that only Liz Warren was silenced , thus sparking further unwarranted outrage . That was Monday . On Friday night , this happened :
Right now , there are about 200 protestors outside of Mitch McConnell 's house in Louisville . Reading Coretta Scott King 's letter . pic.twitter.com/sepuhDcohh — Philip Lewis ( @ Phil_Lewis_ ) February 11 , 2017
How much do you want to bet we get a whole weekend of protests that start with this letter being read and end with innocent people being assaulted . As if Coretta Scott King would ever endorse such a thing .
This is the game they are playing . It 's bizarro-world on meth . Are you going to let them get away with it ?
Advertisements
Craniosynostosis – the coronal suture has prematurely fused
My ten month old grandson is a happy , quick , engaging little fellow who was born with the plates of their skull fused together prematurely . As a result , they are facing major surgery to cut the plates and reshape their head which has grown lopsided . Emmett 's surgery is on Wednesday Nov. 19 at 9am Eastern Standard Time . The surgery will take between 5-7 hours , but it could take up to 10 hours .
Details of the surgery are as follows : an incision is made from ear to ear , the skull is removed from the orbital bone to the centre of the head . After the neurosurgeon removes a piece of their skull that has fused prematurely , a plastic surgeon will reshape the skull . Then the surgeon will put it back together using plates and screws which are made of a dissoluble substance . They use between 150-200 screws . There is a 50/50 chance Emmett will need a blood transfusion .
They will be in ICU for the first 24 hours , completely sedated and unconscious and then moved to a room on Thursday evening . They will be in Children 's Hospîtal of Eastern Ontario ( CHEO ) for 5-7 days .
We have been for warned that there will be significant swelling . Emmett 's eyes will most likely be swollen shut for the first few days after surgery . Their arms will be bandaged to splints and immobile so they cant ' touch their face and head Recovery time is approximately 6-8 weeks and they may have to wear a helmet ( this will be decided post-op )
I
………………………………………………………………………………………………………… .
.
Here are images of what we can expect to see when we can visit on Friday and as they heal during the week
I am reaching out to all the warm hearted lovers of God who have connected with me these past two years . I humbly beg for prayers- to lift off worry and anxiety , stress and fear off the adults involved so that Emmet ' soul will be soaked in peace and the Love of God .
I pray God fills that surgery room with the light of heaven , filling every corner with Their angels and that They guide the hands of the surgeons .
I am so grateful that I am moved to tears because I know that I can rest in the arms of your prayers
Thank you everyone
Just days after cybersecurity reporter Brian Krebs broke the story that hackers had gained access to AshleyMadison user information , their inbox became a very emotional place .
Paranoid about a possible outing , AshleyMadison users were reaching out to Krebs . One was a man who had cheated on their wife during a rough patch but swore that they had seen the error of their ways . Their relationship was stronger now , but they were worried that this leak would expose their secret and ruin their life . He , along with many others , turned to Krebs for any scrap of information .
`` It 's one of those things where I have been getting emails almost every day , sometimes several a day from people who really sound desperate and are asking for any information about this , '' Krebs told Mashable .
Krebs found themselves in a similar spot as many media organizations covering the AshleyMadison hack . They provide important information to people who are stonewalled by the companies responsible , but he 's also aware that the increased attention and availability of data can do more harm than good as it sends more information swirling .
Data breaches — credit cards , emails , personal information — have gone from terrifying aberration to an accepted inconvenience of modern life , which makes the media 's role in these scandals is as important as it is controversial .
But not all leaks are created equal . Reporters are now tasked with striking the right balance between holding companies accountable for leaks and ensuring that they are not part of the problem of further compromising personal information — all in an increasingly fast , competitive media environment that usually rewards a `` publish first and apologize later '' approach .
Hacks and consequences
In mid-July , Krebs broke the news that AshleyMadison had been hacked after receiving a tip and confirming the breach with Noel Biderman , CEO of the company . Krebs is generally regarded as one of the most well-connected cybersecurity reporters around , having been first to report on a variety of major breaches including the massive data leaks at Target and Home Depot .
Krebs 's reporting sent AshleyMadison into damage control , with little information coming to the company 's customers . Since the hack , the company has done no interviews , sent takedown notices to Twitter over tweets that included some details about the hack , and seems to have provided scant information to its users .
Meanwhile , various media outlets pounced , providing some important information on the situation , including veracity of the data 's origins as being from AshleyMadison . Others have catered to baser desires , such as Wired , which linked to a website that provided a search function for the data despite noting , at the same time , that `` This is the quiet desperation of the masses . This is the pathetic morass of our culture . ''
That attention also meant an influx of people looking to capitalize on the situation . Krebs said that it was n't long before they saw signs that things would be getting worse for people whose information had been leaked . Now , some websites have popped up that have made the data easily searchable .
`` When I originally wrote that story , it took about a day for a domain to pop up that was like 'Is they on AshleyMadison dot com , ' '' they said .
Krebs said they routinely hold back certain pieces of information , most notably the leaked data . It would make their life easier to just publish it , but the potential harm holds them back .
`` I 'm not interested in making a bad situation worse , or in enabling people to extort others , which is what is already happening with this breach , '' they wrote in a follow-up email .
Ashley Madison CEO Noel Biderman and their wife Amanda Biderman . Image : Ashley Madison
The data dilemma
The AshleyMadison hack falls somewhere in the middle of examples like the celebrity nude hacks , which had little serious public benefit and sizable harm but generated no shortage of interest and media coverage , and the breaches at Home Depot and Target , in which reporting on such stories was of the utmost public benefit while offering relatively little risk .
In some sense the AshleyMadison data dump is similar to the Sony leak in that there is some clear information that is of public interest and other that is private and salacious . In both cases , noted Ryan Thomas , an assistant professor of journalism at the University of Missouri , various media outlets have displayed a variety of editorial standards in how they cover these stories . They noted that many digital media organizations including Gawker and BuzzFeed publish numerous stories based on the leaks while older outlets declined to do so . ( Mashable published articles using information culled from leaked Sony documents and about the celebrity account hacks . )
Thomas said that the prospect for doing damage needed to become part of the way reporters and editors weigh covering and sourcing from leaked data and documents .
`` The conversation ought not just be 'is this information in the public interest ? ' '' Thomas said . `` The goal should be to not only look at this information on its merits but also how to limit harm . ''
They noted , however , that with companies and governments having so much personal information , reporters play a major role in making sure mistakes are identified and corrected .
`` Cheaters Prosper '' is a book by Ashley Madison CEO Noel Biderman about marriage . Image : Ashley Madison
`` Journalism can do an awful lot of good here in holding institutions to account , '' Thomas said .
There 's also the legal risks that media organizations run in dealing with leaked or stolen data .
Craig Newman , a partner at Patterson Belknap Webb & Tyler who works on cybersecurity and data privacy , said that the variety of different nationalities in the AshleyMadison hack make for a particularly complex legal issue .
U.S. laws give the press a wide berth to report and even get things wrong . That 's not necessarily true in other parts of the world .
`` This hacking is like legal quicksand . You 've got potentially the laws of many jurisdictions that will apply , some that value privacy a lot greater than others , '' Newman said .
Publish and/or perish
With such salacious info floating freely around the Internet , it can be easy for media organizations to feel as if ethics can be relaxed in the interest of getting a few extra visitors . After all , the information is already circulating on a variety of public forums like Reddit , 4chan , Twitter .
Not so , said Susan McGregor , the assistant director of the Tow Center for Digital Journalism at Columbia University .
They noted that the question of how to handle leaked information is not a new issue for reporters . What has changed , however , is that media organizations can now see the attention garnered by those that push the envelope of journalism ethics .
`` Whether or not we were all competing previously , we can all see the competition now , so that does make it harder , '' they said .
Still , media organizations will need to resist the low-hanging fruit of data leaks .
`` Public and public interest are not the same thing , '' they said . `` Just because something 's out there does not mean it 's fair game . ''
A Canadian couple were beaten and stabbed to death during an incident in which their home was looted and their two vehicles stolen over the weekend , Mexican authorities say .
Police said the victims were an 84-year-old man and a 72-year-old woman .
Friends and family have identified the victims as Nina Discombe and Edward Kular .
According to police , they were discovered yesterday morning by a gardener .
The slain man 's son , Steve Kular , told CBC News that the family is devastated .
`` He was an amazing father to all of us , they had several grandchildren and was a great man , '' they said .
Christine Kular , the daughter-in-law of the deceased , said they learned what had happened on Monday .
`` It 's like a bad dream , I ca n't believe that it has happened , '' they told CBC News , fighting back tears .
They said that their father-in-law and Discombe had been dating for the past few years .
The couple had been living in Ajijic , a small , lakeside town popular with foreign retirees , located about 50 kilometres south of Guadalajara .
Edward Kular was a resident of Toronto , while Discombe was from Ottawa .
News shocks longtime neighbours in Toronto
In Toronto , Kular 's neighbours said they were a longtime resident of Scarborough , near Birchmount Road and Lawrence Avenue East .
Betty MacLeod said they and Kular had been neighbours for 60 years .
`` I 've been in this house 60 years and they had lived two doors down from me , moved in the same year , '' they told CBC News on Monday evening .
MacLeod said that Kular was `` really a nice gentleman , a good family man '' and a good neighbour to them
Mitch Forbes said the news of Kular 's death left them `` stunned '' and `` absolutely shocked . ''
Forbes said that Kular had been going to Mexico during the winter for years .
'We 're all perplexed '
Alejandro Grattan , the editor-in-chief of the English-language El Ojo del Lago newspaper , told CBC News that they were a friend of the victims .
`` We 're all perplexed and we 're in a daze , '' Grattan said in a telephone interview . `` They had many , many friends down here . ''
They questioned the motive that police are giving .
`` They both were beaten up savagely before they were killed , and you know , that 's not exactly the kind of thing that somebody who 's just there to steal money and jewelry is going to do . ''
Roberto Arroyo , a spokesperson for the municipal government of Chapala , told CBC News in a telephone interview that authorities are looking for a green truck they believe will likely contain items taken from the couple 's home .
Mathieu Roy , a spokesperson for Foreign Affairs , told CBC News in an email that Canadian officials are providing assistance to the family of the deceased .
Roy said the department could not provide further information on the case for privacy reasons .
The Canadian government advises travellers to `` exercise a high degree of caution '' when visiting Mexico , though Ottawa does not currently have a nationwide advisory in effect for the country .
Canadians took nearly 1.6 million trips to Mexico in 2012 , according to data posted on the Statistics Canada website .
Minister of Transport , Maritime Affairs and Communications Binali Yıldırım said on Saturday that there has been a decrease in number of vehicles using one of the two bridges over Istanbul 's Bosporus for the first time as more passengers have chosen to use the underwater subway Marmaray rather than traveling by cars .
`` In 2015 , for the first time , there was a decrease in number of vehicles using the Bosporus bridges Marmaray , '' Yıldırım said .
The minister added that since the opening of Marmaray in 2013 , nearly 122 million passengers used the subway .
`` In 2014 , more than 150 million vehicles used the Bosporus bridges . Last year [ 2015 ] with the effect of Marmaray , this number was around 140 million , '' Yıldırım added .
Currently , the Bosporus bridge and Fatih Sultan Mehmet Bridge are the only two bridges over the Bosporus , while construction of the third one continues . The daily commute over the bridge turns into a nightmare for the Istanbulites as traffic jams can take hours . Since the opening of Marmaray more Istanbulites have been utilizing the subway instead of the busses or the ferries to cross from Asian side of the city to European side or vice versa . The third bridge , Yavuz Sultan Selim Bridge , in addition to Marmaray , is expected to relieve some of the congestion from Istanbulites ' daily lives .
UFC strawweight “ 12 Gauge ” Paige VanZant is the fastest rising star in the MMA world right now . They last competed back in August of this year when they defeated Australian hard hitter Bec Rawlings via a knockout after landing a switch kick followed by punches . She 's set to main event against “ The Karate Hottie ” Michelle Waterson this Saturday for UFC on Fox 22 . However , she 's already thinking about plans for outside the cage .
Earlier this year VanZant competed on the hit show “ Dancing With The Stars ” making it all the way to the final , after their appearance rumours began circulating that “ 12 Gauge ” was WWE bound . Paige spoke to Sports Illustrated ahead of Saturdays fight and confirms they have plans to transition over to the WWE .
VanZant reveals they have every intention of entering the WWE , but not until she 's finished their run at the UFC “ It 's definitely something I see myself competing in , I think it 's an amazing organisation and I would love to transfer into the WWE . Right now I am making a run at the UFC and I 'm still really strong and confident in what I 'm doing now but eventually , yeah I 'd love to transfer over ” . When asked if she 'll be playing a villain or a hero , they reveal “ maybe a villain to switch things up for a while “ . They even have a specific opponent in mind ready for when they make their debut for the organisation “ You know as far as the WWE , I 'd wan na take on The Rock ” .
UFC on Fox 22 takes place this Saturday 17th December from the Golden 1 Center in Sacramento , California . The event will be headlined by Paige VanZant ( 7-2-0 ) and “ The Karate Hottie ” Michelle Waterson ( 16-7-0 ) . A win for VanZant could potentially earn the 22 year old a title shot in 2017 whilst a loss could mean we 'll be seeing “ 12 Gauge ” in the WWE sooner rather than later .
Do you think VanZant will win tomorrows fight ? Are you excited about their future transition to the WWE ? Let us know in the comments below .
========================== C M U C L 20 f =============================
The CMUCL project is pleased to announce the release of CMUCL 20f . This is a major release which contains numerous enhancements and bug fixes from the 20e release .
CMUCL is a free , high performance implementation of the Common Lisp programming language which runs on most major Unix platforms . It mainly conforms to the ANSI Common Lisp standard . CMUCL provides a sophisticated native code compiler ; a powerful foreign function interface ; an implementation of CLOS , the Common Lisp Object System , which includes multi-methods and a meta-object protocol ; a source-level debugger and code profiler ; and an Emacs-like editor implemented in Common Lisp . CMUCL is maintained by a team of volunteers collaborating over the Internet , and is mostly in the public domain .
New in this release :
Known issues : Support for x87 has been dropped ( effective with the 2014-05 snapshot ) . All further releases will require an x86 chip that supports sse2 . SSE2 was introduced with the Pentium 4 in 2001 .
Feature enhancements Trig functions are significantly faster . Accuracy of trig functions improved . ( Previously , they could be off by one or two ulp . ) RUN-PROGRAM accepts : ELEMENT-TYPE to allow specifying the element type for streams that are created for RUN-PROGRAM . ( See ticket:92 )
Changes Update to ASDF 3.1.3 . When * PRINT-CASE * is : DOWNCASE , integers are printed with lowercase letters when needed . Micro-optimize KERNEL : DOUBLE-FLOAT-BITS for x86/sse2 . Add micro-optimization for unary FTRUNCATE for x86/sse2 . Compiler can derive the types of the results of DECODE-FLOAT . Main disassembly routines in the DISASSEMBLE package accept : BASE , : CASE , and : RADIX keyword arguments , like DISASSEMBLE : DISASSEMBLE . Micro optimizations for sse2 to allow descriptor regs and stack tns for many operations so that the operands can be in memory instead of a register , thereby removing a register load instruction . Support for darwin/ppc 10.5 and gcc 4.8 . Micro-optimization : ( expt -1 power ) just returns -1 or 1 without actually computing the power . Run-time checks for zero pages on newly allocated pages has been disabled . Lazy zeroing of the heap pages is the default now . which can speed up GC and allocation . Add lisp-unit as a contrib . Use ( require : lisp-unit ) to load it . Precompiled fasls are not included . CMUCL now uses fdlibm C functions to implement the special functions . All platforms use this so they should produce identical results everywhere . Consing for the trig functions is reduced now since we call out to fdlibm instead of implementing them in Lisp . Source location information has been added for DEFINE-CONDITION . ( From Helmut Eller . ) The lisp executable is now compiled to use SSE2 on x86 machines ; CMUCL will not run on chips without SSE2 anymore . ( cosh 1000d0 ) signals an overflow error as it should . Previously , it just incorrectly returned infinity . Deprecating FLOAT-TRAPPING-NAN-P in favor of FLOAT-SIGNALING-NAN-P . These kinds of numbers are called signaling NaNs ? , not trapping NaNs ? . Changed the printer to print `` Signaling '' instead of `` Trapping '' when printing a signaling NaN . Various issues with the switch to using fdlibm have been fixed . The issues were mostly not signaling floating-point exceptions in places where they were expected . Restore the x87 FPU support on Linux ; these are required because foreign functions and libraries can still use x87 even if cmucl itself does not . This is not required on Darwin because x87 is not used there . On the ppc port , handle FP exceptions a bit better by not failing if cmucl is unable to interpret the instruction that caused the exception . Micro-optimization for sparc in rounding a DOUBLE-FLOAT to a 32-bit signed integer . The compiler can now derive the type of ROUND . ( But more work is needed . ) Fix an issue with multi-processing DESTROY-PROCESS does n't take effect for a schedulable process because it has no run-reason and/or arrest-reason .
ANSI compliance fixes : The values on the branch cuts for the inverse trig and hyperbolic functions have been updated . Instead of following the text in the CLHS , the values are defined according to the definitions in the formulas . In particular ( atanh x ) for x real and on the branch cut is now continuous with different quadrants . This differs from the description of the branch cut for atanh in the CLHS . CLEAR-OUTPUT was not actually doing anything . Now , CLEAR-OUTPUT will discard any buffered data that has not been written out yet .
Bugfixes : Fix error in pi reduction on x87 . It was not noticed previously because the returned values were not used optimally . Better error message for empty cond clauses . Fix serious error in the complex multiply vop for sparc . Incorrect results were returned under some conditions when the result TN was packed in the same location as one of the argument TNs . The float constants for various limits are defined for double-double floats such as LEAST-POSITIVE-DOUBLE-DOUBLE-FLOAT . When reading very small float values , round to least-positive-foo-float if possible . ( log -0w0 ) and ( log 0w0 ) returns values analogous to the double-float versions . Fix bug in printing MOST-NEGATIVE-FIXNUM . For Gray streams , CLEAR-OUTPUT was calling STREAM-FORCE-OUTPUT instead of STREAM-CLEAR-OUTPUT , so the output was n't actually cleared . In some situations KERNEL : DOUBLE-FLOAT-BITS on x86 would cause a segfault . This has been fixed . For Linux , motifd is no longer a 64-bit app . ( exp 1d0 ) now returns the correctly rounded value of Previously , it was off by one bit . INTEGER-DECODE-FLOAT returns the correct values for denormal doubles . As a side-effect of this fix , DECODE-FLOAT returns the correct values for denormals , and SCALE-FLOAT scales denormals correctly . EXT : UNIX-NAMESTRING no longer returns NIL if a directory does not exist . This was a regression from at least 18a .
Trac Tickets : Ticket # 90 fixed . Ticket # 92 marked invalid .. Ticket # 87 fixed . Ticket # 94 fixed . Ticket # 93 fixed . Ticket # 98 fixed . Ticket # 104 fixed . Ticket # 101 , item 1 fixed . Ticket # 105 , fixed . Ticket # 84 fixed on x86 . Ticket # 105 fixed . Ticket # 101 fixed . Ticket # 106 fixed . Ticket # 100 fixed .
Other changes :
Improvements to the PCL implementation of CLOS :
Changes to building procedure :
This release is not binary compatible with code compiled using CMUCL 20e ; you will need to recompile FASL files .
See < URL : http : //www.cmucl.org > or < URL : http : //trac.common-lisp.net/cmucl > for download information , guidelines on reporting bugs , and mailing list details .
We hope you enjoy using this release of CMUCL !
Patrik Milani has only worked as a costume designer on a handful of movies , but after they read the script for Dope , they knew they wanted to work on the film . Although Milani , who grew up in Italy , had a very different experience than Malcolm ( played by Shameik Moore ) and their crew in Inglewood , Calif. , they quickly related to the story of being an outsider .
After meeting with writer and director Rick Famuyiwa , Milani was chosen to create the film 's hip-hop driven style . Taking cues from Inglewood teenagers on Instagram , they outfitted cast members like A $ AP Rocky in Los Angeles brands like The Hundreds and Undefeated . While Malcolm 's nerdy trio , who are obsessed with '90s rappers like Ice Cube , were dressed in colorful Cross Colours jackets , acid wash denim , and retro Jordans .
We recently talked with Milani about taking inspiration from social media , working with A $ AP Rocky , and how Pharrell Williams made the wardrobe for the anticipated film possible .
Image via IMDb
What drew you to want to do the costume design for Dope ?
I have done four films so far , but I have done a lot of commercials . I started in the fashion world and then started doing commercials . Although I come from a completely different background , I grew up in Italy so it is a different world from me , when I read the script it was really about being an outsider . I wanted to do the film , so I met Rick and we totally clicked .
POST CONTINUES BELOW
How did you find ideas for how the characters should dress ?
I looked for pictures , but I was worried they might be a couple years old . So I was like , what am I going to do , hangout at high schools in Inglewood as a 40-plus creepy guy in my car ? From a costume design perspective it was very important to me that it was West Coast and not East Coast . One thing I wondered was how do people really dress in Inglewood now ? I started doing research and I searched Instagram for Inglewood High and from there I started following all these kids and their style was crazy good . Even people working on the film were like , kids are n't wearing such colorful clothes , and I was like these are real people .
What inspired each character 's wardrobe ?
Shameik was inspired by this kid who goes to Inglewood High and really dresses like that . I took Shameik a little further to the extreme . One thing that is important to remember is that this is n't a '90s film , it is n't set in the '90s .
POST CONTINUES BELOW
For Kiersey Clemons , who plays Diggy , one of the things Rick talked about was that they are still a woman and feminine . My inspiration for them was Aaliyah , especially in the early years when they wore men 's clothing that was oversized .
Jib was very N.W.A . and early rap . There is this amazing photographer Jamel Shabazz , who has these books called A Time Before Crack and Back in the Days . Even though they are from earlier than my reference window , I really love that period and the way they captured it .
Pharrell was the executive producer of the film , what role did they play in the wardrobe ?
I only met Pharrell once , but I was dealing with their producer , Mimi Valdes . When they came on , they said my friend has this website Karmaloop , you can order anything you want . Since this is an independent movie , that really opened up my budget . The main kids , I had already shopped for , but the website really helped make the movie be what it is . Having Pharrell involved opened up a whole new world to me .
POST CONTINUES BELOW
How did you find the early '90s pieces for Malcolm and their crew ?
There was this one brand , Cross Colours , and I really wanted to get those pieces , especially for Kiersey . The pieces I found were like XXXL , so you could n't even tailor them down . Then I started going on eBay , and trying to win these bids for smaller sizes . Having Cross Colours was very important .
What ideas did you have for dressing A $ AP Rocky 's character ?
A $ AP is super smart and professional . They brought a lot of stuff for their character Dom . They really knows how to wear the clothes so we could just put a black T-shirt on them and they would look great . We ended up mixing a bit of their stuff and a bit of what I had . It was sort of a collaboration , but it was always for their character it was never an A $ AP Rocky thing .
How did you choose what brands to use ?
One of the things I wanted to do was choose brands that were from L.A. , like Undefeated , The Hundreds , and Crooks and Castles . I have a lot of contacts in the fashion world , like for Zoë Kravitz I used Acne jeans , but I did n't have those streetwear contacts . Pharrell really opened those doors .
The world of CMS just got bigger . Pagekit , a free and open source CMS , has opened its doors to the public .
But that 's not to imply that Pagekit is untried or untested . In fact , Pagekit has been in development for over two years , attracting over 2,400 Github Stargazers and 20,000 registered website users in the process .
So even on day one , their community is thriving .
Let 's take a look at why so many people were interested in Pagekit even before its launch .
A Look at Pagekit 1.0
It may be brand spanking new , but Pagekit is already offering up some fierce functionality , as detailed on their blog .
That includes :
Intuitive user interface inspired by the Material design guidelines
inspired by the Material design guidelines A site tree to manage content and site structure in one single interface
to manage content and site structure in one single interface A powerful users and permissions system
system A built-in Marketplace to install and share themes and extensions
to install and share themes and extensions A pre-bundled Blog with comments
A Media manager to upload and manage files
All the essentials are there , and then some .
The drag-and-drop site tree is an interface that we 're seeing more and more of across the content management system marketplace ; and for good reason . It 's a very user friendly way of managing pages and menus .
Pagekit also has another feature that caught my eye . Their editor sports a half-half interface , split between Markdown and a live preview .
This split editor was made popular by the blogging platform Ghost , and I for one think it 's a positive thing that the idea is spreading . Because it 's a darn good one .
An Open Invite to Developers
Pagekit is open source , and they 're eager to get more developers involved in their growing project .
Their extensions and themes total to eighteen at this moment in time , and they can all be found on the Pagekit Marketplace . Naturally , they want that number to increase dramatically .
To help get developers started , Pagekit has made `` Hello theme '' and `` Hello extension '' available , to be used as blueprints . They have also published video tutorials and documentation .
I 'm always excited by the launch of a new and ambitious platform . And Pagekit seems to be just that .
It looks elegant , and I know it has a hard-working team behind it . You can be sure that I 'll be re-visiting Pagekit with a hands-on editorial very , very soon .
Explore and download Pagekit .
AP A Russian officer walks through the damaged South Ossetian capital of Tskhinvali .
The march on Tbilisi has been called off , if such plans ever existed . Russian President Dimitry Medvedev has announced the end of military operations in the Caucasus for the time being . According to sources in Moscow , some in the Russian military found it very painful to have to halt the advance just 90 kilometers from the office of Georgian President Mikhail Saakashvili . The hardliners would have loved nothing more than to do a bit of clearing up in the headquarters of this Georgian hothead .
But has n't Russia already achieved everything it had set out to achieve ? Moscow will now argue that it has fulfilled its `` peacekeeping mission '' as Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin puts it , and that it has stuck to international agreements regarding the Caucasus by protecting one side and restraining the other . Now only one task remains -- Saakashvili needs to go , say the Russians .
And that poses the next quandary for the West . Russia will now stress its readiness to enter negotiations , but only on one condition -- that Saakashvili quits . The Russians will demand that the West ( and especially the Americans ) let their their darling go .
Russia had already indicated its position on Monday when Putin drew parallels between Saakashvili and Saddam Hussein . One could understand that the Americans had hanged the criminal Saddam , said Putin . But they added that it was a scandal that the US had a totally different stance in the case of Saakashvilli and had even provided eight aircraft to transport the Georgian soldiers stationed in Iraq to join the fighting in Georgia .
So Moscow is calling for Saakashvili 's head as a precondition for resolving the conflict -- and the West dearly wants a resolution . But the West accedes to Moscow 's demand , it will publicly embarrass itself . On the other hand such an outcome would be logical . As columnist Bruce Anderson wrote in Britain 's Independent newspaper : `` In diplomacy , strategy and geopolitics , our political leaders have been guilty of multiple failures over many years . '' All the talk about a possible Georgian membership of NATO only encouraged Tbilisi to embark on its military adventure . Saakashvili already felt like a full NATO partner and thought they could provoke Russia without punishment . And the Russians thought it was time to teach them a lesson .
No one in NATO is likely to have even considered hurling themselves into the breach for tiny Georgia . The Americans need Russia to help them keep Iran in line . With its show of military might Moscow has reminded the West where part of its oil and gas come from . And it has shown the countries in the gray zone between East and West -- Georgia , Ukraine and the former Soviet Central Asian states -- that it makes no sense to seek protection from a West that only gives empty promises . It 's true , security guarantees and pledges of solidarity are n't worth much if they run counter to the West 's own strategic interests . The Poles know that all too well -- they hoped in vain for help from their friends in 1939 , the British and the French , when Hitler and Stalin invaded their country .
But amid all the tragedy , Saakashvili 's behavior does have a beneficial element . The Caucasus conflict may now trigger a deeper debate in the West about how to deal with the states of the former Soviet Union . It would probably have been better if Europe had been quicker to bind Georgia and Ukraine to the European Union . But Brussels thought that was `` premature '' while both countries were busy talking about NATO membership .
The Russians are on the home stretch . Georgia is destabilized and Tbilisi may well soon have a pro-Russian government . The Germans wo n't be playing much of a role in the diplomatic wrangling over the next few weeks even if Chancellor Angela Merkel 's summit meeting with Medvedev in Sochi on Friday does focus solely on the Georgian question . German foreign ministry state secretary Gernot Erler defended the meeting by saying Medvedev was the man to talk to on foreign policy affairs . `` Medvedev takes the decisions , '' said Erler , even though they know that is not the case . Merkel may be travelling to Sochi but the man who pulls the strings -- Prime Minister Vladimir Putin -- will be sitting 1,800 kilometers north of there , in Moscow .
That is evident not only in Putin 's crisis management regarding Georgia but in all their moves to intervene in foreign policy since Medvedev took power . At the end of May , it was Putin who made the important trip to France , the current holder of the rotating EU presidency , not Medvedev , as previously announced . It was Putin who talked to US President George W. Bush and French President Nicolas Sarkozy in Beijing .
Many in Moscow refer to Medvedev as `` mini-Putin '' -- and are hanging their portrait of Putin back up next to that if Medvedev in their government offices .
I 've seen things inside the Oculus Rift you people would n't believe . And , for the most part , it involved the strange LSD-inspired indie game SoundSelf .
In the video above , SoundSelf 's designer Robin Arnott shows you the ins-and-outs of their LSD-trip inspired VR game , which they were showing off at the IndieCade booth at E3 .
Advertisement
SoundSelf is not exactly a new project — the project met its Kickstarter goal last March . What has changed is the Oculus Rift integration , a feature that was not originally planned when the game started out .
Having played it in its Oculus form , it 's hard to describe the intensity of the experience . Imagine being in a virtual tunnel 3D telescoping fractals that pulsate along with the sound of your own voice , which is then fed back to you as an ever-growing , Bodhisattva hum . It looks absolutely absurd when you see someone doing it , but when you 're inside that headset , it 's absolutely sublime . It 's like the virtual reality dream of countless tech nerds , psychonauts and cyberpunks finally made manifest after so many years .
I went into E3 expecting to want an Xbox One or a PS4 , but after playing SoundSelf what I really want more than anything is a Rift .
To find out more , go to soundselfgame.com . A big thanks to Tim Hibbs of BigRedBarrel.com for letting me film their slightly silly experience playing SoundSelf .
Advertisement
Tang AnQi from SNH48 has undergone their first round of skin graft surgeries following the tragic incident where they were engulfed in flames .
Instead of immediately bursting into flames , the jacket took approximately 5 minutes to burn . A firefighter commented the flame could have been accelerated if the flame came into contact with skin oil .
However , it 's clear the situation is more confusing than it initially appeared . A police investigation is currently underway , and hopefully it will yield results soon .
On March 4th , SNH48 's agency updated fans & netizens about Tang 's condition . In a statement they revealed she 's undergone their first round of skin graft surgeries.The surgeries involved their eyes , eyelids , arms and knees . Dead tissue , also known as necrotic tissue , was also removed.Depending on their condition next week , they may also receive surgeries on their legs . Tang AnQi is n't out of the woods yet , with the risk of infection running high through the month.As of now , no one is allowed to visit the idol . Family & friends were also asked by the hospital to not disturb hospital workers.On March 1st , Tang AnQi was set aflame at a cafe . Initially it seemed liked their friend set them on fire , but other reports suggest they did it herself.The flammability of their clothes also came into question during the Chinese program , '' Morning News '' . The show tested the flammability of various down coats and silk stockings , like those the idol wore when they were lit on fire , and none produced the same result.The stockings for instance did n't burn up like expected , instead a hole was burnt through and the flame burnt out . After the stockings , the program tested to light the down jacket on fire and the result was disappointing then , too .
Starter Pokémon have always been a hot topic for debate when discussing any Pokémon game , often separating fans apart due to contrasting opinions . Just look at the first games , for instance ; Pokémon Red and Blue almost split fans down the middle - you were either Team Charizard or Team Blastoise ( sorry to those Venusaur fans out there , we 're talking majority here ) .
To add some fire to this opinionated subject , data research site Goo Ranking has recently held a survey from April 14th to April 23rd asking Japanese gamers by the hundreds to vote who they think is the franchise 's most `` Seriously Useless Starter Pokémon '' . Of course , the sample size ( 1,397 ) is n't anything to warrant a general worldwide consensus , so do n't be too offended if one of your childhood buddies makes the list . Goo Ranking is also the same site that ran polls where fans declared Mewtwo as the most handsome Pokémon , and Grimer as the ugliest - yep , they love talking all-things Pocket Monsters .
Anyway , here are the results for the topic in question :
1 ) Chikorita ( 166 votes )
2 ) Piplup ( 137 votes )
3 ) Bulbasaur ( 121 votes )
4 ) Squirtle ( 99 votes )
5 ) Chespin ( 90 votes )
6 ) Charmander ( tied with 89 votes )
7 ) Turtwig ( tied with 89 votes )
8 ) Treecko ( 78 votes )
9 ) Froakie ( 75 votes )
10 ) Tepig ( 69 votes )
There you have it - Pokémon Gold/Silver/Crystal 's Chikorita wins ( well , loses in this case ) . Seems like grass-type Pokémon simply ca n't catch a break . Who knows if Pokémon Sun/Moon 's new entrants Rowlet , Litten , and Popplio will make this list in the near future .
What do you make of these results ? Do you agree ? Sound-off in the usual place as always .
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily , no spam , no fuss .
With the Destiny launch just around the corner , you might be eager to read the first reviews as soon as they 're published , but Bungie warns that these might not serve as the best appraisals of its `` shared-world '' first-person shooter .
According to Bungie community manager David `` Deej '' Dague , Destiny is n't a typical shooter . You could play through the story and some competitive multiplayer matches without too much interaction , but the best way to experience it is when the world is fully populated , with many players roaming about . Dague said that Bungie considered populating the game somehow for reviewers before the game 's release , but decided that nothing was a suitable substitute to the live , public version of the game .
`` We fully anticipate seeing day one reviews from folks who decide to kick the tires , but do n't have the time or patience to take our ride for a nice , long road trip , '' Dague said in the most recent Bungie Weekly Update . `` Some of you might wait to pick up a copy until you read the final verdict from your most trusted review house . We 're okay with that . We 've created something we 're proud of . ''
Dague also said that Destiny `` really begins '' at the level cap of 20 , which is something you often hear about massively multiplayer online games like World of Warcraft . At that point , you can keep improving your Guardian by getting better gear and taking on the endgame raids with your friends . In fact , Dague recently said that you 're not likely to `` finish '' the game anytime soon , if you ever do .
You can pre-load Destiny now before it launches on Tuesday , September 9 for Xbox 360 , Xbox One , PlayStation 3 , and PlayStation 4 .
What do taxes have to do with poverty and opportunity ? A great deal , actually .
Taxes might seem painful and tedious — painful to pay and tedious to deal with — but they are important . Taxes pay for vital services that ensure equal opportunity , promote upward mobility , and ultimately benefit all of us . Tax policies are the less glamorous half of our public budgets — those profoundly moral documents that reflect our country 's priorities and values .
Congressional Republicans have a once-in-a-generation opportunity to reform the tax code to make it more fair and just , and to improve the lives of working people and people living in poverty .
ADVERTISEMENT
And what have they produced ? An agenda that is a moral and fiscal disaster .
Just as the season of giving takes hold , congressional Republicans are advancing tax legislation at a breakneck pace that would deliver massive giveaways to the ultra-rich at the expense of everyone else . House Republicans voted earlier this month to pass their legislation , while the Senate could vote as early as this week to advance theirs .
Though there are some differences between the two plans , the broad contours are largely the same : both would give lavish tax cuts to our country 's largest corporations and wealthiest people , while raising taxes on millions of middle- and moderate-income households .
Furthermore , both plans pave the way for a large-scale assault on crucial basic assistance programs . After driving up the federal deficit by some $ 1.5 trillion dollars over the next decade to pay for those tax cuts to the super-wealthy , lawmakers will likely use these shortfalls as pretext to slash programs like Medicaid , Medicare , and food and housing assistance — just as congressional Republicans voted to do earlier this year .
The Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) has already warned lawmakers that their tax plan could trigger an automatic $ 25 billion cut to Medicare in 2018 alone , and President Trump has themselves suggested that “ welfare reform ” — a euphemism for attacking safety net programs — is next up on the legislative agenda .
Worse still , the Senate plan would also repeal the Affordable Care Act 's ( ACA ) individual mandate . As the CBO reports , this would strip roughly 13 million people of health insurance and cause premiums to soar for millions more consumers .
And to boot , the House legislation would exacerbate the affordable housing crisis currently plaguing low-income Americans around the country , scrapping key credits and exemptions that help finance the production and maintenance of thousands of multifamily rental units .
Put short : the GOP tax agenda is nothing short of a reckless attempt at Robin Hood in reverse , devastating legislation that , in the end , would sharply increase poverty and hunger , decimate state budgets , and ultimately reduce opportunity for millions of low- and moderate-income people in this country .
Now , tax policies could be used to improve the lives and chances at upward mobility of people living in poverty , if Congress was so inclined .
For example , rather than cutting taxes on the rich , congressional Republicans could use tax reform to capitalize on the broad , bipartisan support for improving the Child Tax Credit ( CTC ) . The CTC is a tax credit that provides crucial financial support for tens of millions of low- and moderate-income families — but , because it is not refundable against payroll taxes , millions of our country 's poorest families and children are locked out of its benefits .
Thankfully , senators from both sides of the aisle — including Republicans Marco Rubio Marco Antonio RubioHillicon Valley : Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Trump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 MORE and Mike Lee Michael ( Mike ) Shumway LeePush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback The Hill 's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill 's 12:30 Report : Trump escalates fight with NY Times MORE , and Democrats Sherrod Brown Sherrod Campbell BrownWorse than nothing 's been done since the massive Equifax hack Dems face internal battle over budget On The Money : Dems set Tuesday vote on Trump 's emergency declaration | Most Republicans expected to back Trump | Senate plots to avoid fall shutdown drama | Powell heading before Congress MORE and Michael Bennet Michael Farrand BennetDemocratic donors stuck in shopping phase of primary Overnight Health Care — Sponsored by America 's 340B Hospitals — CDC blames e-cigs for rise in youth tobacco use | FDA cracks down on dietary supplements | More drug pricing hearings on tap The Hill 's Morning Report - Presented by the American Academy of HIV Medicine - Next 24 hours critical for stalled funding talks MORE — have proposed expanding and increasing the credit to reach lower-income families . Doing so would make the CTC more like the Earned Income Tax Credit ( EITC ) — one of our country 's most effective anti-poverty programs .
Nonetheless , Republican leaders have ignored these calls , electing to instead make adjustments to the CTC that largely benefit wealthy households , while offering only token help to some 20 million low-income kids and actively jeopardizing the credit for many in immigrant families .
Taxes are about values and priorities . Currently , the Republican tax plans prioritize the ultra-rich over everyone else , and lay out a harsh vision for our nation in which opportunity is more and more scarce for people experiencing poverty . Unless they wish to make this country much less fair and just , lawmakers should vote to kill this disastrous plan .
John Bouman is the president of the Sargent Shriver National Center on Poverty Law .
New evidence suggests the opposite .
The voice of reason is easy to shout down but hard to vanquish altogether . This week it turned up in an unlikely place : an academic paper about gender bias in the sciences . The Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences published a coolly objective paper on the hot , politicized subject of bias against women in academic science .
Advertisement
Advertisement
In “ Understanding Current Causes of Women 's Underrepresentation in Science , ” Cornell professors Stephen Ceci and Wendy Williams provide a thorough analysis and discussion of 20 years of data . Their conclusion : When it comes to job interviews , hiring , funding , and publishing , women are treated as well as men and sometimes better . As Williams told Nature , “ There are constant and unsupportable allegations that women suffer discrimination in these arenas , and we show conclusively that women do not. ” Put another way , the gender-bias empress has no clothes .
# ad # For more than a decade , passionate activists in groups such as the American Association of University Women , the National Council for Research on Women , and the Committee on Maximizing the Potential of Women in Academic Science have insisted that women scientists are victims of pervasive sex discrimination , and they have produced a mountain of advocacy research to prove it .
But many scholars have questioned the cogency of their studies , most recently in a 2009 article entitled “ Gender Difference at Critical Transitions in the Careers of Science , Engineering and Mathematics Faculty , ” sponsored by the National Science Foundation , and in a 2009 collection that I edited , The Science on Women in Science . But the NSF authors and other critics proved no match for the women 's groups , who ignored the evidence and aggressively promoted their own agenda through government lobbying and a mystifying number of conferences , retreats , and summits .
Advertisement
Ceci and Williams 's new article will be impossible to ignore . The featured article in one of science 's premier journals , it is a systematic demolition of most of the studies that sustain the science wing of the gender-bias movement . Celebrated bias research — including a much-vaunted 1997 Swedish study alleging massive discrimination in peer review — is shown to be seriously flawed , marginal , and “ superseded by larger , more sophisticated analyses showing no bias , or occasionally , bias in favor of women . ”
Advertisement
What is more , Ceci and Williams demonstrate that the real problem most women scientists confront is the challenge of combining motherhood with a high-powered science career . This issue , they say , will never be solved by the “ misplaced focus on discrimination . ”
Advertisement
But a misplaced focus on discrimination is now the law of the land . At the behest of the women 's groups , Congress held several hearings throughout the last decade on the “ crisis ” of sexism in the sciences . Scholars like Ceci and Williams played no role — only true believers were brought in as expert witnesses . Sen. Ron Wyden ( D. , Ore. ) , an early convert to the view that American science is saturated with sexism , was successful in bringing the Title IX equity program into the science lab .
“ The most common misconception about Title IX is that it applies only to sports , ” said Wyden in 2005 . “ That 's just not true . . . . Title IX should be a guiding principle in hiring , tenure , scholarships , and lab space for all scholars. ” By the late 2000s , Wyden 's vision had prevailed : Wide-ranging Title IX investigations were underway .
Advertisement
Members of Congress , from both parties , also gave strong support to a hard-hitting NSF equity program called ADVANCE . ADVANCE has awarded millions of dollars to activist scholars in universities for anti-bias centers , workshops , tutorials , and interactive theater groups . To cite just one example , gender activists at the University of California 's Hastings College of Law were awarded a $ 300,000 grant to develop Gender Bias Bingo , an online game that raises players ' consciousness about the “ four patterns of gender bias. ” But if Ceci and Williams are right , the premise behind all of this taxpayer-funded agitation — from games and skits to Title IX investigations — is false .
Advertisement
Congress should hold hearings on the merits of continuing to spend hundreds of millions on Title IX science reviews and the ADVANCE grants . This time skeptics like Ceci and Williams must be included . It is hard to see how the gender-bias empire will stand once reason and truth are given a place at the table .
— Christina Hoff Sommers is a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute .
Vala - Compiler Using the GObject Type System
Introduction
Vala is a programming language using modern high level abstractions without imposing additional runtime requirements and without using a different ABI compared to applications and libraries written in C. Vala uses the GObject type system and has additional code generation routines that make targeting the GNOME stack simple . Vala has many other uses where native binaries are required . More ...
News
The next stable release with Long-Term Support will likely be 0.44.0 .
Read Vala Releases for more
Getting Started
Vala is a cross platform development tool with third party distributions providing binaries for Windows , macOS , Linux , * BSDs and other platforms . Read more about installing Vala on your preferred platform .
Contributing
Like anyone skilled in their craft you know how to maintain your tools . Learn more about contributing back to the Vala tool set ...
Community
There is a mailing list for developer and general discussions . The list has an archive . There is also an IRC channel # vala on GIMPNet ( irc.gnome.org/vala ) .
Jürg Billeter < j at bitron dot ch > ( blog )
Recent activity from some of the wider user community can be found on GitHub or read about at Planet Vala blog aggregator . The user community is also active on Stack Overflow , Google+ and Reddit .
Translations of This Page
CategoryProject
CHILL THE FIRK OUT !
Chill the Firk Out at The Gables in Chadds Ford will feature 10 firkins from 10 excellent local breweries , live music by Mike Lorenz and Friendz , a sampling by Righteous Felon Jerky and food provided by The Gables . Participating breweries include :
Armstrong Ales - Mongfind 's Offering Barleywine
Evil Genius - I Love Lamp Pineapple Hefeweizen
Forest & Main - TBD
Iron Hill ( West Chester ) - Dub C Funk - wine barrel aged sour ale dry-hopped with Cashmere
McKenzie 's - Honey Raspberry Sour Ale
Round Guys - TBD
Sly Fox - Dad Vail Pale Ale Dry Hopped with E. Kent Goldings
Tired Hands - TBD
Troegs - Scratch 141 White IPA
Yards - Pineapple IPA
Artisan Homebrew - Chocolate Milk Stout w/oak cubes soaked in White Chocolate Port
CHILL THE FIRK OUT ! will be a ticketed event . Tickets will include a free glass upon entry and unlimited access to fabulous beer and music for 4 hours ! 160 tickets will be available at $ 70 per ticket . The Gables will be preparing a special event food menu ... details and pricing will be available soon . The Gables will also be providing each attendee with a voucher good for one free appetizer valid at any time after the event . Be prepared to CHILL THE FIRK OUT ! * * Day of tickets at the door are $ 75
Next month marks 10 years since the first Kindle debuted . It 's a virtual lifetime in consumer electronics terms , but compared to its mobile brethren , e-readers ' pace of innovation has been glacial . Front lighting for night reading and waterproofing have been heralded as major upgrades , but beyond that , little about the space has changed . The core of the product has remained largely unchanged , down to the basic e-ink screen that 's the centerpiece of practically every one of these devices .
Why has the e-reader stagnated ? Demand has played a role , certainly . Analysts just do n't keep stats the way they used to , but most agree that demand for devoted e-readers peaked around 2011 — though the longstanding declarations of their death have been ringing out since well before then , with most pointing the finger at the rise of low-cost tablets . The fact that all the big e-reader manufacturers also make a mobile app has likely also helped ease that transition .
There was bound to be market contraction regardless . In an age where a smartphone serves as everything from a dating tool to a health monitor , it 's become increasingly difficult to market a device that 's really only built to do one thing . And that 's resulted in a pretty significant thinning of the herd . Barnes & Noble 's Nook reader exists in name only at this point , and Sony threw in the towel a few years back .
There are a number of readers with a bigger presence outside the States . French company Bookeen sent me an email earlier today to remind me of their existence ( and the fact that they 've just launched a “ revolutionary ” new reader ) and the fact that they 're apparently huge in Brazil . In the U.S. , Amazon runs the show . Kindle has become synonymous with e-reader for most mainstream users . It 's not quite a monopoly , sure , but the company 's utter domination of the American market is the sort of thing that tends to slow innovation .
Case in point : Kobo . Now owned by Japanese retail powerhouse Rakuten , the company mostly flies under the radar here in the States . It 's a shame , really , as the company has been one of the primary innovating forces in the category in recent years , experimenting with different screen sizes , premium readers and introducing a waterproof model year in advance of yesterday 's Oasis announcement .
And certain additions like expandable memory and additional file formats will likely never come to the Kindle , as they detract from the company 's core model of selling content through its own store . Kobo 's longtime embrace of the ePub format is one of the things that 's kept me coming back to the company .
An even larger roadblock is the nature of the space itself . E-readers are , by their nature , feature-limited . Each subsequent generation is likely a battle between what to include and what to leave off . In a sense , these devices are defined as much by what they 're not . Once functionality starts infringing on the smartphone , you begin to lose sight of the key focus : an unfettered and undisturbed reading experience . Every superfluous notification detracts from that goal .
Ten years after the first Kindle , e-ink remains the best technology for the devoted e-reader . It 's easier on the eyes than an LCD , is readable in daylight and gets stupid-long battery life — these devices routinely boast between six weeks and two months , an unparalleled feat among consumer electronics devices . But the technology has n't evolved all that much in over a decade . Refresh rates are still a major hurdle to doing anything beyond page flipping .
Color e-ink , meanwhile , has seemed perpetually just out of reach . Technologies are just too expensive , too glitchy or both . And besides , a move to color brings us back to that earlier question : at what point would users just be better off with an inexpensive tablet ? As an avid comics reader and frequent e-reader user , the idea of trying to marry the two is downright headache-inducing . Even comics like Manga , designed to be read in black and white , are much better served on an inexpensive tablet . The screen size and refresh rate do a disservice to reading anything but straight-up text .
Rumors of the e-reader 's death have , as they say , been greatly exaggerated , but for those who follow the consumer electronics industry as a whole , progress has slowed . And barring some combination of a massive reversal in popularity , huge technological breakthrough and reintroduction of competition , it 's hard to imagine that changing any time soon .
That lack of major evolution year over year is likely contributing even further to a decline in sales . As with tablets , people are comfortable hanging onto their readers for a number of years , while the relative lack of new features makes upgrades even less compelling . But the simple truth is , as long as it keeps selling those users new e-books , Amazon does n't really mind all that much .
I posted yesterday about signs that the global coal boom may be over . What 's particularly interesting about this unexpected good news is that it has been achieved , largely , without the kinds of major changes to the status quo of the Big Energy business model that many people believe are inevitable .
But those changes are beginning to happen . And they should result in a rapid acceleration of the low carbon transition .
Following in the footsteps of forward thinking utilities like RWE , Italian energy giant Enel has announced that it will be phasing out coal investments , focusing instead on the kind of innovative , diversified and , eventually , completely carbon neutral business model that many of us have been advocating for decades .
Following the appointment of the new company management , Enel 's industrial strategy is focused on further boosting investment in renewable sources , energy efficiency , smart grids and storage systems . The Group is also committed to gradually phasing out further investment in coal . Although there are still differences when it comes to assessing the Group 's definitive withdrawal from coal generation in Italy and certain methodologies to pursue more ambitious targets in Europe , the medium to long-term vision of an energy system largely based on renewable sources and energy efficiency is now a shared view .
Interestingly , the company issued the statement in partnership with Greenpeace — which has previously been deeply critical of Enel 's carbon footprint :
The company is now aiming to achieve total carbon neutrality before its internal deadline of 2050 , and we can be hopeful it will achieve its goals given that it has already reduced CO2 emissions by more than 36 percent , and beaten the carbon reductions goals it had set for 2020 five years early . ( Interestingly , as the cost of renewables fall , many companies are finding it much easier to reach carbon reduction goals than expected . )
With distributed clean energy , radical energy efficiency , affordable energy storage and increasingly intelligent energy management all becoming increasingly viable , there are now a confluence of factors that will eventually force the entire energy industry to rethink its business model .
Congratulations to Enel and Greenpeace for staying ahead of the game .
Photos by www.welovecycling.com
Michal Kosik sacrificed their lives to mountain biking and would n't let it take away from them even after accident that sentenced them to remain seated for the rest of their life . This remarkable athlete is a perfect example that disabled riders can still enjoy their sport and that many times they can do it better than perfectly healthy individuals . With the persistence and help of some people , after 5 years of hard work , Michal built a four-wheeler , a mountain bike quad of their own design . This machine can not only take on man-built bike park courses and simple hills , but it will roll on one of the steepest mountain bike trails of French Alps . Here 's video of Michal living their passion again . Together with European legend and free rider Richard Gasperotti , they take on some of the steepest Alpine slopes in French province of Alpes-de-Haute-Provence . Enjoy the ride .
Back On Wheels
Michal
Michal 's Custom Mountain Bike Quad
Aluminium alloy 7020 frames / Monocoque seat made from carbon fibre / Same handlebars that are used on mountain bikes / Mountain Bike hydraulic disc brakes / Four-wheel shock suspension from Marzocchi / Reinforced wheels from Remerx ( The front 20 inches and the rear is 24 inches ) / Weight – approx 30kg
Source : http : //enduro-mtb.com/en/video-back-on-wheels-the-love-of-cycling/
Is it how much you 're expected to eat ? How much you should eat ? Pardon me , but if I want to eat an entire bag of potato chips , that 's exactly what I 'm going to do .
I say this as the guy who helps create nutrition facts panels for food products for a living . I have read , reread , proof read , and colored red hundreds of these little tables in my time , and believe it or not , people are n't lining up at parties to hear my thrilling stories .
I know !
Right now you 're thinking , “ But Austin , I remember back in 2008 the FDA called 2,584 adults from the US to ask them questions about their diet . And 24 % of the respondents said they had no idea if serving sizes were determined by government rules or by manufacturers . ”
Your oddly specific observation would be correct , and I should have at least ¼ of the room hovering around me in rapt attention , waiting for me to clarify this confusing point . Time has shown however that everyone is clearly too intimidated to approach and ask the simple questions , even when I 'm subtly firing off labeling trivia from the empty cracker box carelessly left by the cheese platter , or establishing my mastery of the dance floor .
Fact : Every party has a dance floor , here 's the label . Well let 's clear this up right now while I 've got you at home/work/somewhere , on your computer/phone/tablet ( scary that I know where you are , is n't it ? ) . Who determines serving sizes , manufacturers or the government ?
Answer : The government ! …ish .
Well that was unsatisfying , but it 's the most accurate answer I can give . Essentially what happens is that our government , via the FDA and FSIS ( Food Safety Inspection Service ) , determine how serving sizes are to be calculated and presented , but also leave manufacturers options in specific situations .
So how are serving sizes determined ?
Step 1 , what are you eating ?
they first step companies need to take when determining serving size is to determine what type of product they are selling . Back in 1993 when they had to decide all of this stuff , FDA determined that they could use data collected in the NHANES dietary surveys conducted in 1978 and 1988 to set these standards . These were nationwide surveys that collected all sorts of data , including nutritional intake and food frequency data . With this information , FDA created “ Reference Amounts Customarily Consumed , ” or RACC , for different categories of food .
The first step is easy , find the category that food falls into , and look up the RACC used to determine the serving size in 21 CFR 101.12 ( for non-meat items ) . For example , if I was making mashed potatoes , my category would be “ Potatoes and Sweet Potatoes/Yams : Mashed , candied , stuffed , or with sauce ” and my RACC would be 140 grams .
Step 2 , how can someone measure it out ?
Here 's where the variation begins ! You might just want to use that 140 grams we saw above ; however , not everyone has a scale in their kitchen , and let 's see you try to guess how much mashed potato makes up 140 grams . Can you think of the last time you weighed your food , much less with metric weights ( provided you live in the U.S. ) ?
So at this juncture , the government instructs manufacturers to determine what the closest “ common household measurement ” to one RACC of your product is . So if we take 140g of our potatoes and see that that 's about 2/3 of a cup , our serving size becomes 2/3 of a cup !
> THIS IS IMPORTANT <
Imagine we made a new , super fluffy mashed potato with more butter , and 140 grams of these potatoes actually wind up closer to ¾ of a cup . This means that even though both potato products were based on a RACC of 140g , they might have two completely different serving sizes , and the manufacturer arrived at each using the same government reference amount !
So there you have it , two serving sizes created based on a government standard , but completely different once observed on the store shelf . How could there be even more variation ?
Single Serving
Ah , right . For many products , if the entire container contains less or near 200 % of the RACC amount , then there are different rules to play by . In most cases , the product will be considered a single serving , but in others , manufacturers have the choice to label them as one or two servings . This is why you see different types of labeling in small containers such as ice cream , muffins , soda , and other “ single serving ” containers that appear significantly larger than the usual RACC amount .
As eaten , not as sold
Ah , and this is critical . When you ask someone how much cake they eat , they typically do n't respond with , “ about 1/3 of a box of cake mix ” . RACC values are based on products as they are consumed . However , serving sizes are based on products as they are sold . The reasoning ? Because it would be bizarre to buy a bag of flour and see “ two slices of bread ” for a serving size . This makes more sense for some products than others , but ultimately serving sizes for products that require further preparation are the amount of packaged product it takes to make about 1 RACC of product as eaten . And remember , this must be rounded off at a common household measure !
Final thoughts
As we realize that our beloved nutrition facts panel is now old enough to drink ( enforcement began in '94 ) , we look back and start to wonder if that data from the 70 's and 80 's used to determine RACC values still holds water . I ca n't think of anyone who eats ½ cup of ice cream in a sitting , nor leaves the potato chip bag untouched after their first 10-20 chips .
But how about we think about RACC values in a different way . These values were never intended to be an expectation , but simply a way to bring nutrition information into context using consumer data . The thousands of calories in a 20 lb . bag of rice do n't have a lot of context when I eat it one bowl at a time , but that 's also not to say that I 'll never eat an obscene amount of rice in one sitting just because I 'm starving .
Instead think of it this way , if these values are simply references to what we customarily consume at a time , we 've got a great tool on our hands . I would n't expect you to eat only ½ cup of ice cream , but have you noticed that much ice cream scoops happen to portion about ½ cup of ice cream at a time ? And while I 've been known to turn a bag of kettle fried chips into a meal , I still eat them one handful at a time , which just so happens to contain approximately 10-15 chips .
If only some sort of reference was available so that I could tell about how many calories I ate with each handful…
To learn more about how serving sizes are determined for all food products , check out the labeling and nutrition documents on the FDA website , this PowerPoint provided by the FSIS , or the Guide to Federal Food Labeling Requirements for Meat , Poultry , and Egg Products . Check out what consumer opinions of labels are looking like since 2008 in the FDA 's consumer research .
Choinière C. & Lando A . ( 2008 ) . 2008 Health and Diet Survey , DOI :
Conrad J. Choinière , & Amy Lando ( 2008 ) . 2008 Health and Diet Survey FDA Consumer Behavior Research Foos Safety Surveys ( FSS )
If we knew more , would we opt for different kinds and amounts of health care ? Despite the existence of metrics to help patients appreciate benefits and harms , a new systematic review suggests that our expectations are not consistent with the facts . Most patients overestimate the benefits of medical treatments , and underestimate the harms ; because of that , they use more care .
The study , published in JAMA Internal Medicine and written by Tammy Hoffmann and Chris Del Mar , is the first to systematically review the literature on the accuracy of patients ' expectations of benefits and harms of treatment . They examined over 30 studies that assessed whether patients understood the upsides or downsides of certain treatments . To a great extent , patients did n't .
In the 34 studies that assessed understanding of benefits , patients overestimated their potential gain in 22 of them , or 65 percent . For instance , a 2002 study published in the Journal of the National Cancer Institute asked women who had undergone prophylactic bilateral ( double ) mastectomy to estimate how much the procedure reduced their risk of breast cancer . On average , the women thought they had reduced that risk from 76 percent to 11 percent , an absolute risk reduction of 65 percentage points .
For the more than 80 percent of the women in the study who did not have a BRCA genetic mutation — which drastically increases the risk of breast cancer — the real risk before surgery of developing breast cancer was 17 percent , meaning they greatly overestimated their risk reduction . Even the women with a BRCA mutation overestimated their risk reduction , but to a lesser extent .
Greetings !
My name is Rasmus Blys , and I have the great honor of serving as a Special Executive for the Czerka Corporation : the most dynamic business entity in the entirety of known space . Czerka 's history is a long and storied one ; we have centuries of innovation and success to look back on , with entire worlds owing their economic and social development to our valuable insights and generous cooperation . When we consider everything that our corporation has achieved , I think we can all rightly take a great deal of pride in our roles in the Czerka of today .
But what exactly is my role ? Just what does the “ Special Executive ” for CZ-198 do all day , anyway ?
I like to think of CZ-198 as a castle : a fortified home where our Czerka family can join together and carry out our great works in an atmosphere of total safety and security . A place with strong walls , so that the troubles and trifles of the rest of the galaxy simply bounce away with hardly a sound . A place with loyal troops : brave men , women , and droids who protect our lives with the very weapons and technologies that we develop .
Of course , any good castle needs a castellan , and that 's how I see my role as “ Special Executive ” : merely one servant among many , responsible for ensuring that all of the people and machines of CZ-198 have everything they need to work together and achieve their highest potential . After all , we would n't want to waste the tremendous resources that we 're so fortunate to command , or risk tarnishing the gleaming legacy that the Czerka brand has so flawlessly developed !
But who is the ruler of our great castle ? The consumer , of course ! The demands of the marketplace are our royal decrees , forever guiding and pushing us toward new and better designs . Our speeders and starships are glistening chariots , ensuring that our customers can travel safely and glamorously to any destination . And our weapons are the customers ' royal bodyguards , protecting them and their interests from any possible harm .
Thus , our role is clear : we must commit ourselves , our time , and our resources to create the finest products and technologies that we can ; exceptional goods fit for kings and queens , marketed and sold to every sapient being in the galaxy . Anything less would be treason !
We have our castle , CZ-198 : built strong at the crossroads of technology and talent . We have our goal , noble and pure : serving our consumers with every means at our disposal . And we have our history : a tradition of success and dynamism that is unrivaled in the galactic marketplace .
We are Czerka Corporation . Together , we will seize the future !
A `` jihobbyist '' is a term coined by Jarret Brachman to characterise a person who is not an active member of a violent jihadist organization such as Al-Qaeda or the Somali Al Shabaab , but who has a fascination with and enthusiasm for jihad and radical Islam . [ 1 ]
Coining of the term and characteristics of jihobbyists [ edit ]
The term was coined by Jarret Brachman in their 2008 book Global Jihadism : Theory and Practice . [ 2 ] Brachman is the former director of research at the United States Military Academy 's Combating Terrorism Center . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] They explain in their introduction to the book that they coined the new term to describe people who , without the support of al-Qaeda or other jihadist organizations , come of their own accord to support the aims of those groups . [ 3 ] Jihobbyists `` are fans in the same way other people might follow football teams . But their sport is Al-Qaeda , '' they explained in an interview after the 2009 Fort Hood shooting by Nidal Malik Hasan , a Muslim American soldier who showed an interest in jihadist websites and views in the months prior to the shooting . [ 4 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ] In their book , Brachman says a jihobbyist `` may be an enthusiast of the global Jihadist movement , someone who enjoys thinking about and watching the activities of the groups from the first and second tiers but generally they have no connection to al-Qaida or any other formal Jihadist groups . `` [ 7 ]
They explained in a PBS NewsHour interview by Gwen Ifill in January 2010 that a jihobbyist is usually `` somebody who cheers from the sidelines as nothing more than a hobby '' . A few have perpetrated actual attacks as well . [ 2 ]
Criticism [ edit ]
The Jawa Report used the term `` eHadis '' to describe such people , suggesting that it was a better term . [ 8 ]
Aaron Weisburd , who founded Internet Haganah , criticized the term , writing : `` The problem is that the term jihobbyist conveys the notion that these guys are not serious , that they do not constitute a threat . In fact what these guys are doing is marking time while waiting for the opportunities and associations to appear that will allow them to become real jihadis . `` [ 9 ] [ 10 ] Brachman responded by saying , in part , `` [ The term jihobbyist is ] potentially useful in that it introduces shades of grey into the discussion : it acknowledges that people can support al-Qaida and wish death upon Americans , without ever 'joining up ' officially '' , and that `` The term , 'Jihobbyism , ' also runs the risk of creating a false dichotomy between those who 'do ' and those who 'talk . ' The premise is flawed because 'talking ' is a form of 'doing . ' It may be less immediate in its consequences , but as we 've learned , talking can actually be more dangerous than blowing stuff up : talking can serve as a force multiplier '' . [ 11 ] [ 12 ]
Revolution Muslim , a radical Islamist organization in New York City that advocates terrorism both in the U.S. and in democratic countries around the world , [ citation needed ] while observing , `` I would certainly have this phrase directed at me by Brachman and their associates '' , noted that many in the counter-terrorism field are worried that the term will lead people to underestimate the threat of domestic attacks . [ 13 ]
Additional usage [ edit ]
The Jawa Report observed in November 2009 that `` jihadis do not exist in a vacuum on their own . They feed off each other , giving each other support , send each other propaganda which reinforces their radicalism , and they egg each other on to transition from ... 'jihobbyist ' to becoming terrorists . `` [ 14 ]
An editorial in The Dallas Morning News in February 2010 said `` something is terribly wrong in our country when lunacy ... becomes a political rallying point . The same holds true whether it 's a group of `` jihobbyists '' praising the latest attack by Muslim extremists or the tiny weirdo fringe that thinks Timothy McVeigh was justified in blowing up the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City . `` [ 15 ] Evan Kohlmann , in a February 2010 article entitled `` A Beacon for Extremists : The Ansar Al-Mujahideen Web Forum '' , wrote that al-Khurasani was `` once a prominent online 'jihadist ' '' who was `` written off as an eccentric until they blew themselves up at a Central Intelligence Agency base in southeastern Afghanistan at the behest of the Pakistani Taliban . `` [ 16 ]
Colleen LaRose , who was investigated for terrorism and was known by the online moniker `` Jihad Jane '' is one example of a jihobbyist . [ 17 ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
For a particularly grim portrait of the U.S. war in Afghanistan , which started 16 years ago last month , read the latest quarterly report from the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction ( SIGAR ) .
Before we discuss what 's in that document , let 's pause to note what 's not in it . Information that these reports used to include—how many Afghan troop casualties there have been , how large the Afghan armed forces are , how well they 're recruiting , how well they 're equipped—is missing this time . This administration apparently believes that Americans need to be kept in the dark about the conduct and progress of the war , so as to let military leaders make the decisions they want .
Nonetheless , the information that the SIGAR report does provide makes a powerful case that any advantages to the U.S. presence in Afghanistan expired long ago . The Afghan government now controls less territory and population than at any point since SIGAR started tracking that data . More than 10 percent of Afghans now live in areas `` under insurgent control or influence , '' according to the report . This has happened even though the U.S. has dropped more munitions in Afghanistan than at any time since 2012 . ( The U.S. alone conducted more than 2,400 air strikes in the country this year . )
Meanwhile , the United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan ( UNAMA ) says civilian casualties in air strikes conducted by the U.S. and its allies have gone up 50 percent since last year . Two-thirds of those casualties are women and children . ( UNAMA attributes 177 civilian casualties this year to coalition air strikes . The United States military disputes that estimate , saying it has confirmed only 43 civilian casualties . )
The last year has also seen a big increase in so-called `` insider attacks '' on U.S. and Afghan personnel by other Afghan personnel—there were 54 through August 15 of this year , 26 more over the same period last year . Another recent SIGAR report finds that over the last 12 years , more than 47 percent of the foreign military trainees who have gone AWOL after being brought to the U.S. were from Afghanistan . In 2016 , 13 percent of Afghan trainees brought to the U.S. went AWOL . This casts yet more doubt on the effectiveness of the intervention , which in recent years has been premised on the need to train Afghan forces .
Perhaps the president 's decision to be less transparent about the war will motivate their opponents to do something about it . Or perhaps we 'll just sink deeper into the quagmire . So far , the war is still mostly just forgotten .
Have you seen Hard Times : Lost on Long Island ? The film won the Audience Award/Best Documentary at the Hamptons International Film Festival in October . The documentary follows a group of unemployed men and women , ranging in age from their late thirties into their sixties , who are looking for work while living in certain middle class suburbs on Long Island . I had not seen the film during the festival itself , but when I screened it the other day , I realized the true meaning , for me , of the Occupy Wall Street movement .
Hard Times is a disturbing film that puts a face to the unemployment crisis in America in a rather effective way . At times , talk radio broadcasts play over footage of the principals as they trundle off to another day of staring down their own obsolescence . Over the airwaves , voices of people like Rush Limbaugh can be heard exhorting their listeners about the evil of unemployment benefits and how such programs only encourage procrastination and sloth .
In America today , we are told that unemployment now hovers at around nine percent , while other sources insist that those statistics are underreported and are closer to 12.5 percent . At nine percent , we are confronted with a situation where one in eleven working Americans is without an income . At 12.5 percent , we are talking about one in eight .
The rest of us try to go about our business . We wish those who are suffering our very best . We hope that they succeed in finding work . We are grateful , on a daily if not twice daily basis , to have jobs and to be able to pay our bills and to support our families . Then we put our heads down and try not to think about what it would be like to be one of those unemployed people . Especially the long term unemployed .
It is somewhat easier to sidestep the raw helplessness of one in eleven or even one in eight . It 's similar to the way we sidestep the homeless or indigent on the street , believing that they got there like a leaf falls from a tree ; as if they belonged there through some law of nature , and that we are not responsible in any way . Nor are any of our decisions . But what happens if unemployment reaches twenty percent ? What would it be like for one in five Americans to be in serious , bordering on irreversible , financial trouble ? How do you overlook one in five people in contemporary society ?
We have learned many lessons in the past three years . One important lesson , I believe , is that bailouts of major corporations in any and all industries are counterproductive to long term economic health . And not simply direct infusions of cash as loans , tossed like gargantuan life preservers , in moments of the greatest perceived dread . I 'm talking about the bailouts the US government gives major corporations every day . The excessive fees forced on customers by certain banks , not to mention the predatory lending practices of the mortgage industry ( coupled with the remarkably stupid borrowing of certain homeowners ) .
Another example is that we have no high speed rail in this country . Typically , you fly or you drive . So airlines are free to tack on fees to remain profitable the way that oil companies are free to manipulate oil production , and thus the price of gasoline . You bailed out the airlines every time you did not demand more effective , intermediate range travel , i.e . high speed rail . You bailed out the oil companies every time you watched ( were you watching ? ) as American troops went to Iraq to fight a war for oil . You bail out American business , and help them maintain an often false veneer of profitability , every time you send nearly every member of the current Congress back to Washington . Maintaining US corporate profitability is the single goal of this Congress . Because that is what the corporations who own the Congress paid for when they bought the Congress .
Everything I have put forth here , I have heard articulated from the Occupy Wall Street movement . Some of it was not news to me . I have grown up in the latter half of the 20th Century . When the Greatest Generation was replaced by the greediest generation and what was known as the Protestant Work Ethic became a quaint chestnut . The definition of success became getting the most for doing the least . It became about getting away with what you can and the only issue was getting caught . Which pretty much defines the Wall Street culture of today . Never have the world 's greatest financial markets been controlled by such dangerously short-sighted people as they are today . And never has this country been cursed by a more incompetent and derelict Securities and Exchange Commission as we are today . In the wake of 9/11 , America attacked a perceived terrorist community with all it had . In the wake of some of the worst financial scandals in US history , the SEC took a dive , throwing the fight in the first round .
Occupy Wall Street people understand that not only are more difficult times possibly around the corner , they know that the current government will likely do as it has historically done , which is to protect the rich and powerful at the expense of the long term interests of the middle class . Some of the most financially successful people in America continually remind us all that capitalism is a contest . There are winners and losers . And the winners want to enjoy their success and they want the losers to keep it down . The noise of the vanquished is spoiling the victors ' fun .
OWS talks a lot , too much in fact , about One Percent versus Ninety Nine Percent . As if success itself were a crime . That 's a mistake . But what OWS has helped to remind me is that One in Five is a far more unsettling ratio . Twenty percent unemployment . In the 21st Century United States .
There wo n't be enough cops anywhere in this country to rip down all the tents that are going to pop up in places you never imagined if we hit that figure . That 's what OWS has taught me .
The blue bottles are coming , but what exactly are these creatures ?
By Lisa Gershwin
Blue bottles have been washing up on Sydney and surrounding beaches by the bucketload recently . With their annual arrival , many questions and myths about these creatures seem to be drifting around as well .
What exactly are blue bottles ? Are you really supposed to pee on their stings ? How do you keep a day at the beach from turning into a real pain ?
Let 's take a closer look at these mysterious sea dwellers .
What are blue bottles ?
Blue bottles are siphonophores , a weird group of colonial jellyfish . Rather than being a single organism like the jellyfish we commonly recognise , siphonophores are actually made up of several colony members called persons ( sometimes also known as “ zooids ” ) . These members typically include feeding persons , reproductive persons , and stinging persons , among others .
Some siphonophores , such as the blue bottle , also have a gas-filled bladder ( another person ) , while others instead have swimming bells similar to jellyfish ; a few have both .
Siphonophores are the most poorly studied of all jellyfish , which are in turn among the most poorly studied of all invertebrates . Many are n't even classified yet , and for those that are , we know almost nothing about their biology and ecology .
In fact , siphonophores have mystified evolutionary biologists since the nineteenth century . Debate has periodically raged on whether they are an individual or a colony . Like a colony , they share resources and have repeating parts that function independently , but like an individual they can not survive if separated .
Peculiarly , siphonophore reproduction ( or at least what we know of it ) is actually far more familiar to us than for most other types of jellyfish . The reproductive persons release eggs and sperm into the water . When they meet , the resulting embryo grows into a tiny blue bottle just a couple of millimetres long . Then as it grows it adds more groups of persons by cloning .
Intriguing and beautiful creatures
The most common blue bottle in Australia is Physalia utriculus , a small relative of the larger and more venomous Portuguese Man-o'-war from the Atlantic ( P. physalis ) . P. utriculus typically reaches a bladder length of about 6 cm , and conspicuously has only one main fishing tentacle that grows up to a metre long ( plus a few other smaller tendrils and fringy bits ) . We have other species too , but they are far less common .
One of the most intriguing things that curious beachcombers may notice is that almost all of the blue bottles of a single stranding will have their keel-like crest angled the same direction relative to the main body axis , but those from different strandings may be angled either way .
Out in the open ocean where blue bottles live , each armada ( the collective term for blue bottles ) has both left and right handed forms . But when a breeze kicks up and drives them toward shore , only those with the crest facing the right direction to catch that particular breeze will sail toward their death . It seems that this is nature 's way of ensuring that some survive .
Blue bottles are strikingly beautiful . The air bladder is pearly blue , while the tentacles are intense peacock blue or dark teal . This shade of blue is common in animals that live at the air-water interface , and is thought to protect them from UV damage and possibly aid in camouflage .
Other creatures that live in this unusual habitat include the By-the-wind Sailor ( Velella velella ) , the exquisitely beautiful Purple Bubble-raft Snails ( Janthina sp . ) , and the highly unusual Sea Lizards ( Glaucus and Glaucilla ) , which are actually sea slugs that consume and store undischarged stinging cells from jellyfish such as blue bottles for their own defence .
Avoiding the sting
In the water , a given blue bottle might not be so easy to see at the far end of a metres-long tentacle , but generally they travel in numbers , so earlier arrivals may be observed strewn along the beach .
When these organisms are stranded , there is one rule to avoid a nasty sting : do n't touch them ! They can deliver painful stings long after the organism has died , through mechanical action of their hair-trigger-laden stinging cells .
But in the event of such an encounter , there is the $ 64,000 question : to pee or not to pee…
Vinegar is the usual treatment for some types of jellyfish stings because of its acidity ( or , more accurately , because of its acetic acid content ) . And as urine is a weak acid , people often assume it will be just as effective . Is this true ?
Well no , not really .
Vinegar works well to inhibit stinging cell discharge in box jellies and Irukandjis , and in some blue bottles , but in others it actually stimulates discharge . For this reason it is not recommended for confirmed blue bottle stings .
To make things more complicated , urine can be either acidic or alkaline . For species neutralised by vinegar , urine is only about 25 % as effective if acidic , and it may stimulate discharge if alkaline .
So you need to ask yourself : are you feeling lucky ?
A much better treatment for blue bottle stings , and the one advocated by the Australian Resuscitation Council , is to rinse well with seawater to remove microscopic stinging cells , then use hot water or ice for the pain .
Lisa-ann Gershwin , Research scientist , CSIRO
This article was originally published on The Conversation . Read the original article .
The Financial Times is reporting Alan Greenspan Hops On Board The Nationalization Express and is sitting in the bar car next to Nouriel Roubini . The next stop is D.C .
The US government may have to nationalise some banks on a temporary basis to fix the financial system and restore the flow of credit , Alan Greenspan , the former Federal Reserve chairperson has told the Financial Times .
In an interview with the FT Mr Greenspan , who for decades was regarded as the high priest of laissez-faire capitalism , said nationalisation could be the least bad option left for policymakers .
” It may be necessary to temporarily nationalise some banks in order to facilitate a swift and orderly restructuring , ” they said . “ I understand that once in a hundred years this is what you do . ”
Nationalize the Banks ! We 're all Swedes Now
The U.S. banking system is close to being insolvent , and unless we want to become like Japan in the 1990s -- or the United States in the 1930s -- the only way to save it is to nationalize it .
As free-market economists teaching at a business school in the heart of the world 's financial capital , we feel downright blasphemous proposing an all-out government takeover of the banking system . But the U.S. financial system has reached such a dangerous tipping point that little choice remains . And while Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner 's recent plan to save it has many of the right elements , it 's basically too late .
Nationalization is the only option that would permit us to solve the problem of toxic assets in an orderly fashion and finally allow lending to resume . Of course , the economy would still stink , but the death spiral we are in would end .
Nationalization -- call it `` receivership '' if that sounds more palatable -- wo n't be easy , but here is a set of principles for the government to go by ....
Nationalizing banks is not without precedent . In 1992 , the Swedish government took over its insolvent banks , cleaned them up and reprivatized them . Obviously , the Swedish system was much smaller than the U.S. system . Moreover , some of the current U.S. financial institutions are significantly larger and more complex , making analysis difficult . And today 's global capital markets make gaming the system easier than in 1992 . But we believe that , if applied correctly , the Swedish solution will work here .
Sweden 's restructuring agency was not an out-of-control bureaucracy ; it delegated all the details of the cleanup to private bankers and managers hired by the government . The process was remarkably smooth .
Basically , we 're all Swedes now . We have used all our bullets , and the boogeyman is still coming . Let 's pull out the bazooka and be done with it .
Bến Tre Logic
As free-market economists teaching at a business school in the heart of the world 's financial capital , we feel downright blasphemous proposing an all-out government takeover of the banking system .
One of the most famous quotes of the Vietnam War was a statement attributed to an unnamed U.S. Air Force Major by AP correspondent Peter Arnett . Writing about the provincial capital , Ben Tre , on February 7 , 1968 , Arnett said : `` 'it became necessary to destroy the town to save it , ' a U.S. major says . ''
To this day , `` Ben Tre logic '' is a common saying for whenever a `` logical '' conclusion is to destroy something out of the perceived best interests of everyone involved .
Bush Abandons Free Market Principles To Save Free Market
George W. Bush 's political epitaph
A look at Hungary 's trip to the IMF , Armenia 's export woes , and how the eurozone crisis prompted them both .
From periphery to the core , the eurozone fallout is spreading .
Hungary looks for more help from the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) and the European Union ( EU ) , as its debt sinks towards junk status .
The central European country is not a member of the eurozone , but its currency has fallen to a record low against the euro , resulting in soaring debt repayment costs for both the government and the public .
We also take a look at Armenia . It is a big exporter to Europe , but also to Russia , so it is getting hit by a double downturn without being part of the crisis area .
To dissect some different angles of the eurozone crisis , which have not necessarily been explored , we are joined by Alexander Currie , an expert on the legal implications of the current bailouts and the idea of a country leaving the eurozone ; and Stephen King , HSBC 's chief economist .
Counting the Cost can be seen each week at the following times GMT : Friday : 2230 ; Saturday : 0930 ; Sunday : 0330 ; Monday : 1630 . Click here for more on Counting the Cost .
Source : Al Jazeera
What should be a startup 's main focus when it comes to marketing ? Where do you start ? What matters and what does n't ?
I decided to ask top startup founders , leaders , investors , and marketers a simple question that would shed some light on how startup companies should be approaching their marketing efforts .
Here 's the question I asked :
What should be the # 1 marketing priority for a new startup and why ?
Although the answers varied , you will see that there were 3 common themes that were mentioned by the experts :
Build an awesome product . Figure out your story and consistently communicate it to the world . Treat your customers like superstars .
All these and other topics will be discussed on Marketing Before Funding in the upcoming months . But for now , read on to see what the experts had to say .
Then , I 'd love to see your answer to the same question . What 's your # 1 marketing priority ? Why ? Let me know in the comments !
And if you want to follow all of them on Twitter , here 's a list .
TONY HSIEH , CEO OF ZAPPOS
`` In the early days of the company ( we were founded in 1999 ) , we were unable to raise funding so we were n't able to spend a lot of money on expensive marketing campaigns . As a result , we were forced to focus more on our existing customers . What we found was that the more we invested into customer service and the customer experience , the more loyal they were , and the more we grew from word of mouth . Today , we take most of the money we would have spent on paid marketing or advertising and invest it into the customer experience instead . ''
Follow Tony on Twitter or learn more about them at Zappos.com .
DAVE OLSON , VP COMMUNITY AT HOOTSUITE
`` Start telling your story from day one . Archive and contextualize your artifacts , outreach to anyone who should be part of your community , and amplify what makes you interesting ... long before you have product to launch . ''
Follow Dave on Twitter or learn more about them at HootSuite .
BOB WALSH , FOUNDER OF 47HATS
`` The number 1 priority for any startup is simple : You 've got to get your product or service in front of at least a tiny slice of your hypothetical market and they have to respond with attention and enthusiasm .
For example , let 's say you contact 20 people you do n't know , but you think should be interested and excited in your product . If their response is lukewarm either you definition of your product 's market is n't specific and accurate , or your product is uncompetitive . The sooner you find out , the better . If you build an app for accountants , you market is not on day one going to be accountants . It might be solo accounting firms in the US who provide services for SMB who hate product X they now use .
Find people who so want your product they are prepared to beg you for it - and build a product that is just what a particular group of people really want . ''
Follow Bob on Twitter or learn more about them at 47hats.com .
BRAD FELD , MANAGING DIRECTOR AT FOUNDRY GROUP
`` Create an amazing product that people want , love , and will tell everyone else on the planet about . ''
Follow Brad on Twitter or learn more about them at FeldThoughts .
BRIAN WONG , FOUNDER AND CEO AT KIIP
`` Understand the `` why '' behind your business - it 's much more important than just the `` what '' . People need to understand the reasons behind your existence to believe in it as much as you - the more you can `` inceptionize '' folks that are around you - the more they 'll be into believing the vision you 're tackling and helping you do that . ''
Follow Brian on Twitter or learn more about them at Kiip.me .
BEN YOSKOVITZ , VP PRODUCT AT GOINSTANT
`` I 'm not sure there 's one specific priority that really precedes all others . For starters , I do n't believe marketing plays a huge role for a startup until they 've gotten product-market fit or very close to it ; when they know ( a ) they 've found a painful enough problem worth solving ; and ( b ) , they 're delivering the appropriate solution . At that stage , it 's time to market .
Having said that , I know startups engage in marketing efforts before that as well . For B2B startups I like to encourage them to establish credibility in the market they 're working in ; through blogging , building a social media presence , establishing relationships with analysts , etc . The blog in this case -- a corporate blog -- becomes a good `` home base '' to drive people to and build long-term value . That 's less relevant for B2C startups .
If I had to ( since you asked ! ) provide 1 recommendation it would be to put in place the appropriate measurements so that you can figure out what 's working and what 's not . It comes down to a basic level of understanding of analytics . If you 've got analytics in place -- and you know what your goals are for your marketing endeavors -- then you can experiment . Try a blog , try social media marketing , etc . Try anything and everything , but do so with a goal in mind . `` If I do X , it will result in Y . '' And make sure you can measure that properly , so you know what 's working and what 's not . ''
Follow Ben on Twitter or learn more about them at Instigator Blog .
CHRIS GUILLEBEAU , AUTHOR OF `` THE $ 100 STARTUP ''
`` 1a . Somehow acquire 5 customers , even if they are non-paying ones at first .
1b . Treat the 5 customers like the most important people in the world . ''
Follow Chris on Twitter or learn more about them at ChrisGuillebeau.com .
IAN WALKER , USER ENGAGEMENT MANAGER AT PERCH
`` Marketers in startups rarely do just marketing . If you 're in a startup you 're probably wearing at least 5 or 6 different hats a day . Whether it 's building hype around your product , recruiting , or finding leads for your company , it 's all part of the gig . And since you 're probably spread so thin , prioritizing your tasks on the marketing side of things is key . So where do the efforts go ? Well , whether you 're putting in your first line of code , or pushing your first pixel , your focus should be directed on building an audience .
That 's simple right ? Sure , build an audience , no big deal . It 's only what every marketer across the planet is trying to do .
For us , in startup land , we have an advantage over companies with an established product . Yes , companies that have a history have more customers and therefore an audience . But that audience is stale and fleeting . For those of us that are building products and companies , we get to start with a clean slate . Attracting the right people at the right time . This almost always starts with storytelling .
Storytelling is the most essential and critical part of building your audience . It 's a how you lay the foundation of culture for your company and it also does n't have to be expensive . Storytelling can come in the form of a blog or a meet-up over beers instead of pricey banner ads or pay-per-click placements .
Building an audience does n't happen overnight . It takes time and effort to cultivate an engaged audience , and there are multiple techniques to accomplish this .
You can tell your company story on stage , in person , or my favourite location - the blog . Use your blog to create the core of your startup . Let it be the place where the culture of your company takes root and begins to blossom . Your blog also gives you access to the first tier of your audience and it should serve as the hub in your hub and wheel marketing strategy .
By starting the story right from the cocktail napkin , your story becomes a compelling piece of history that explains how every mechanism in the clock that is your startup works . Every twist and turn has a beginning and an end . It 's up to you as a marketer to tell this story . This not only helps you to build an audience that is actually interested in what you 're building , it 's also a litmus paper test for how interesting your project is . If you find that the story of your product is attracting an audience of 0 - it 's time to get back to the whiteboard . ''
Follow Ian on Twitter or find out more about their work at Perch .
DARIO MELI , CO-CEO AT INVOKE MEDIA
`` Create the most amazing product , service , or experience . PR , social , ads , all come second . ''
Follow Dario on Twitter or find out more about their work at Invoke .
BORIS WERTZ , EARLY-STAGE INVESTOR THROUGH VERSION ONE VENTURES
`` The number one marketing priority for any start-up is to figure out a clear communication strategy for the brand and the product – the message must be simple , clear and differentiated . Users must understand right away what problem the product solves and why they should use it and engage with it . And hopefully you also take this communication opportunity to show a bit of personality ! ''
Follow Boris on Twitter or learn more about them at Version One Ventures .
GREG CIOTTI , CONTENT STRATEGIST AT HELPSCOUT
`` From where I 'm standing , the # 1 marketing priority for a new startup is to establish the all-important `` content funnel '' to drive visitors back to their site without relying on advertising . I may be a bit biased as I 'm the content strategist at HelpScout , but many other fantastic startups ( notably the BufferApp ) have succeeded in using free content to convert to paying customers .
Your essential content funnel will look like this :
1 . Entry points : This is links and features from other sites . Ways to get featured include guest blogging , interviews , volunteering for a case study , whatever it takes to get on the radar of as many people as possible .
2 . Home base : This is the content on your company blog . The goal here is to become a thought leader in your industry . For instance , on the HelpScout blog , we aim to provide the best customer service content available , and we go out of the way to write about things others have n't covered in-depth .
3 . The list : This is your email list . It 's possible that your off-site and on-site content will result in a direct sale , but to be sure ( and to build some great leads for prospective customers ) , it is a must that you start a useful and engaged email list .
All of these factors help to establish your ultimate marketing goals as a startup : Know , Like , Trust .
When you 've established these 3 factors through free content , sales will come in without costly expenditures on advertising . ''
Follow Greg on Twitter or learn more about them at Sparring Mind .
JON CARTWRIGHT , CO-FOUNDER AND CEO AT FOOD.EE
`` Find people who are screaming for help solving their pain and then target your product and messaging to them . ''
Follow Jon on Twitter or learn more about their work at Food.ee .
RYAN HOLMES , CO-FOUNDER AND CEO AT HOOTSUITE
`` The # 1 marketing priority should be building a marketing channel . You need a way to communicate with your customers whether that 's an email list , a Twitter account , or a fan page , you need a way to distribute information down the road to the people who can help share your story . ''
Follow Ryan on Twitter or learn more about their work at HootSuite .
RAY KANANI , FOUNDER AND CEO AT SMART PICS
`` Care about the problem you are solving !
Founders sometimes get caught up with trying to figure out a tagline , logo , name or what a cool office would look like . This stuff has nothing to do with the problem you are solving . Pick a random name , scrap the tagline for now , work from a coffee shop and start helping people . Answer and ask questions on quora and Twitter , blog and comment on related blogs , attend meetups , look for people who have the problem you are solving and solve it . Solve the problem manually while building an automated solution .
When you start caring about the problem you are solving things become simple , and after a year of hard and rewarding work you will begin to realize that random name you chose , Google , Zappos , Apple , Nike is now a brand that stands for something meaningful with a product that solves a problem . ''
Follow Ray on Twitter or learn more about their work at SMART Pics .
Now it 's your turn !
I 'd love to hear your point of view in the comments .
Leaderboards Test BETA Build for 0.5
EDIT : The leaderboard test beta is gone now and the main branch now has the latest version . I 've added a 'previousversion ' beta that should be versioned 0.4.4 for anyone that has major issues with 0.5 and needs to roll back .
The 'leaderboardtest ' beta for 0.5 is now available . You can select it by going to the Properties of the game in Steam and selecting it under the 'BETAS ' tab .
There are a number of unfinished elements in this build including some aspects of the menu , various menu sounds and some of the new/changed modifiers . The Arena is also not available in this version as the current fights are n't setup right for it yet . I 'll be updating this beta build within the next couple of days with the Arena for testing .
The main purpose of this build is for testing the Leaderboards by having more people set completion times for the Challenge versions of scenarios . Pick a scenario to play from the menu and select 'Challenge ' as the difficulty before playing . If you complete a level it should add you to the leaderboards . Currently you should be able to view the top overall scores by selecting `` Global '' in the Leaderboards section for a level or the scores of your friends by selecting `` Friends '' .
“ I think a campaign bears responsibility for creating an environment , when the candidate urges supporters to engage in physical violence — to punch people in the face . The predictable consequence of that is that it escalates and today is unlikely to be the last such instance . We earlier today in St. Louis over thirty arrested . That 's not how our politics should occur , ” Cruz said Friday . “ You know , the City of Chicago in 1968 saw some ugly days when politics descended into hatred and incivility and even violence and it is my hope that in 2016 that we can appeal to our better angels and avoid going down that road once again . ”
Cruz supporters , incensed by the Texas senator 's blame game , stormed social media to express their anger . Top comments on a Friday Facebook post promoting a Cruz “ victory fund ” drew furious responses ( comments quoted here are unedited ) :
Jerry Shalow : Cruz you lost my vote for using this protest for your political game . Rubio also . Trump has my vote . How about the violations of the 1st amendment TED ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Condone the violence what you just did .
Pappy Beagles : I 'm a Texan , I voted for you for the senate , and was supporting you for president , up until you blamed Trump for the savage behavior of Hillary and Bernie supporters in Chicago . I just sent a $ 100.00 contribution to a billionaire , and i 'm retired on a fixed income , so guess this is goodbye to you , and I am now firmly on the Trump wagon .
Gayle Natale : Mr. Cruz , I just listened to your response regarding the protestors who caused Mr. Trump to cancel their rally in Chicago . You did not mention the violation of the first amendment once during your speech . I am extremely dissapointed in you . You pride yourself daily on upholding the constitution in your speeches . All you did was put the blame on Donald Trump even though Mr. Trump never made an appearance . It is obvious to everyone that this was a carefully planned protest . And I would not be surprised if you were behind it , as part of your plan to sabotage Donald Trump . You are one of the dirtiest polititians I have ever known !
Jace Conners : Ted Cruz… i was an undecided voter who was leaning your way then you blamed trump for the actions of violent protesters . I am now voting Trump thanks for helping me make my choice tonight .
Mike John Monseur : Dear Mr. Cruz . I have been watching you in this campaign and was leaning toward supporting you . Tonight , the disgrace in Chicago took place when protesters put thousands of people in harms way . As I was watching Fox and other News , many people came on the air . Mr. Trump did and called for peace . Ben Carson also called for peace and Marco Rubio came on the air . They talked about the hired professionals creating this disruption and they also called for peace and unity . Then I watched you step in front of the camera 's and I thought you would have a strong uniting message to bring order in Chicago . Like a leader should . Like a President should in times of trouble . Then all you talked about was yourself and your campaign and used this tragic evening to better yourself . I 'm so disappointed in you Mr. Cruze . You lost my vote .
Roy Stiles : Ted Cruz , I 've been a true conservative for 40 years . I supported you here in Texas and voted for you for Senate . And while I believe Trump is the leader this country needs , I 've been saying I 'd continue to support you for the Senate , even after the shenanigans in Iowa , but after you comments tonight in response to what happened at the Trump rally in Chicago I can assure you that I will not only not support you again for Senate in Texas , but I will actively campaign against you . Our country simply can not afford divisive selfish people like you in positions of power .
Abigail Mccamick : At least Rubio had the integrity to admit and say that many of the protesters were paid to be there and cause chaos . Ted takes advantage to use such an ugly tragedy to campaign . Undecided here but Cruz just pushed me farther away with their actions over the protest .
Dave Schiff : Cruz , how dare you try to blame Donald Trump for what happened in Chicago tonight . Trump 's first amendment rights were crushed along with the freedom to assemble of thousands of people going to the speech . You say you are a constitutional conservative defending the rights of individuals . You are a fraud and no better than Obama . How dare you . I would not ever vote for a fraud like you .
Turkish fascist group held a march in Germany 's Düsseldorf in support of the state 's attacks on the Kurdish people and the policies of massacre and were protested by the Kurdistani people and their friends .
Bündnis “ Düsseldorf stellt sich quer ” DSSQ and the Democratic Joint Forces Platform organised the counter-march against the Turkish racists and the march was attended by NAV-DEM , ANTIFA Düss . AGIF , YXK , Akkustan , ATIF , Ceni-Frauenbüro , DGB -Düsseldorf/Bergischesland , YJK-E ( Frauen aus Kurdistan - Women From Kurdistan ) , Die LINKE , DKP , FIDEF , GEW-Düs , Teachers Union , Green Party Interventıonistische Linke ( i furiosi , see red ) , Piraten-Partei , Mor İsyan , SDAJ-Düs , YDG , VVN-BdA ( Bund der Antifaschisten-Düs . ) .
The crowd gathered in front of the Düsseldorf central train station at 13.00 and started their march . Anthems and songs of resistance were sung throughout the march and people chanted “ Bijî Berxwedana YPS ” , “ Murderer Erdoğan ” , “ Killer Turkey ” , “ Jin Jiyan Azadî ” , “ Bijî Berxwedana Nisêbîn ” , “ Bijî Berxwedana Surê ” , “ “ Bijî Berxwedana Cizîrê ” , “ Bijî Serok Apo ” , “ Bijî PKK ” , “ Bê Serok Jiyan Nabe ” .
Afther the march the crowd arrived in the rally grounds . The speeches there mentioned that May 8 was the date that fascism was defeated in Germany and stated that it was a scandal that the fascist march was held on that day . Calls to protest the Turkish state 's policies of massacre and attacks on Northern Kurdistan and to embrace the legitimate resistance of the Kurdish people against these policies .
The rally ended after the speeches .
...
Powered by Cincopa Video Hosting Platform for Business solution .
For a long time , we 've been having a pretty confused discussion about the relationship between religious beliefs and the rejection of science — and especially its two most prominent U.S. incarnations , evolution denial and climate change denial .
At one extreme is the position that science denial is somehow deeply or fundamentally religion 's fault . But this neglects the wide diversity of views about science across faiths and denominations — and even across individuals of the same faith or denomination — not all of which are anti-climate science , or anti-evolution .
At the other extreme , meanwhile , is the view that religion has no conflict with science at all . But that ca n't be right either : Though the conflict between the two may not be fundamental or necessary in all cases , it is pretty clear that the main motive for evolution denial is , indeed , a perceived conflict with faith ( not to mention various aspects of human cognition that just make accepting evolution very hard for many people ) .
The main driver of climate science rejection , however , appears to be a free market ideology — which is tough to characterize as religious in nature . Nonetheless , it has often been observed ( including by me ) that evolution denial and climate science rejection often seem to overlap , at least to an extent .
[ Pope Francis has given the climate movement just what it needed : faith ]
And there does seem to be at least some tie between faith and climate science doubt . Research by Yale 's Dan Kahan , for instance , found a modest correlation between religiosity and less worry about climate change . Meanwhile , a 2013 study in Political Science Quarterly found that “ believers in Christian end-times theology are less likely to support policies designed to curb global warming than are other Americans . ”
So how do we make sense of this complex brew ?
Josh Rosenau , an evolutionary biologist who works for the National Center for Science Education — which champions both evolutionary science and climate science teaching in schools — has just created a chart that , no matter what you think of the relationship between science and religion , will give you plenty to talk about .
Crunching data from the 2007 incarnation of a massive Pew survey of American religious beliefs , Rosenau plotted different U.S. faiths and denominations based on their members ' views about both the reality of specifically human evolution , and also how much they favor “ stricter environmental laws and regulations. ” And this was the result ( click to enlarge ) :
As Rosenau notes , in the figure above , “ The circle sizes are scaled so that their areas are in proportion to the relative population sizes in Pew 's massive sample ( nearly 36,000 people ! ) . ” And as you can see , while at the top right atheists , agnostics , Buddhists , non-Orthodox Jews and others strongly accept evolution and environmental rules , at the bottom left Southern Baptists , Pentecostals and other more conservative leaning faiths are just as skeptical of both .
Obviously , it is important to emphasize that a given individual , of any faith , could be anywhere on the chart above — it 's just that this is where the denominations as a whole seemed to fall out , based on Rosenau 's analysis ( which itself mirrors prior analyses of the political alignments of U.S. faiths and denominations by political scientist and Religion News Service blogger Tobin Grant ) .
Reached by phone Tuesday , Rosenau ( whom I 've known for a long time from the community of bloggers about science and the environment ) seemed to be still trying to fully understand the implications of the figure he 'd created . “ People seemed to like it , ” they said . “ I think some people are finding hope in it ” — hope , specifically , that there is a way out of seemingly unending science versus religion spats .
Here are some of Rosenau 's other conclusions from the exercise , from their blog post introducing the chart :
First , look at all those groups whose members support evolution . There are way more of them than there are of the creationist groups , and those circles are bigger . We need to get more of the pro-evolution religious out of the closet . Second , look at all those religious groups whose members support climate change action . Catholics fall a bit below the zero line on average , but I have to suspect that the forthcoming papal encyclical on the environment will shake that up .
[ Our new pro-science pontiff : Pope Francis on climate change , evolution , and the Big Bang ]
Rosenau also remarks on the striking fact that for the large bulk of religions and religious denominations , as support for evolution increases , so does support for tougher environmental rules ( and vice versa ) . The two appear to be closely related .
So what can that mean ?
Rosenau told me they were still trying to work that out — still playing with the data and new analyses to try to understand it .
One possible way of interpreting the figure is that as with political parties themselves , people at least partially self-sort into faiths or denominations that seem more consonant with their own worldviews . And thus , a cluster of issue stances may travel alongside these choices of affiliation . “ People are choosing what religion they want to associate with , ” suggested Rosenau . “ If people feel alienated from a church , they 're switching . ”
There may also be a substantive point here that links together the ideas . A view of the world that thinks of human beings as having evolved , as being part of the natural world and having emerged through the same process as other organisms , may also be related to a manner of thinking that puts great overall emphasis on the value of nature and one 's connectedness with it .
In any case , while the pattern above may require more analysis , one clear punchline of the figure is that it really does n't make sense to say that religion is at war with science . You can say that for some people , religion is clearly linked to less science acceptance — especially on evolution . But for others , clearly , religion presents no hurdle at all .
I would also agree that these data reinforce the idea that the pope 's coming encyclical on the environment could really shake matters up . Catholics are the biggest bubble in the chart above , and they 're right in the middle of the pack on the environment .
The pope , incidentally , also appears to accept evolution .
Also in Energy & Environment :
Wind turbines are huge , but they 're about to get way , way bigger
Why Boston is leading U.S. cities when it comes to saving energy
We 've been imagining mountains all wrong , say scientists
For more , you can sign up for our weekly newsletter here , and follow us on Twitter here .
We all should be aware of the dangers posed by the world 's stockpile of nuclear weapons . The eight countries known to possess nuclear weapons have 10,000 plus nuclear warheads . And , especially post-Fukushima , we now understand firsthand the potential danger of nuclear power plants , many which are aging and highly vulnerable to natural disasters . As of August 2012 , 30 countries are operating 435 nuclear reactors for electricity generation . Sixty-six new nuclear plants are under construction in 14 countries .
But how many of us know about the current manufacturing and active use of depleted uranium ( DU ) weapons ? DU ( Uranium 238 ) is a radioactive waste by-product of the uranium enrichment process . It results from making fuel for nuclear reactors and the manufacturing of nuclear weapons .
In a frightening adaptation of the “ Cradle to Cradle ” philosophy in manufacturing , which seeks to use waste in the manufacturing process to create other “ useful ” products , militaries around the world have come up with the “ brilliant ” idea of taking DU and making “ conventional ” weapons with it .
According to BanDepletedUranium.org , approximately 20 countries are thought to have DU weapons in their arsenals . Nations known to have produced these weapons include UK , U.S. , France , Russia , China and Pakistan .
DU is well liked by armed forces because it is twice as dense as lead and when fused with metal alloys it can be made into highly effective armor piercing weapons such as the M242 gun mounted on the U.S. Army 's Bradley Fighting Vehicle . DU is also used in armor plating to protect vehicles such as the U.S. Army 's Abrams Tank .
DU ordnance has been employed in the 1991 Gulf War and in conflicts in Bosnia , Serbia , Afghanistan and Iraq .
In a twisted way , use of DU makes perfect sense . After all , DU is plentiful , and with so much radioactive waste stored around the globe , and no safe place to store it , DU is a ready and cheap source of material for the ordnance of war .
The problem is , when DU armor piercing projectiles penetrate their targets , they become incendiary spewing radioactive dust .
The Physicians for Social Responsibility said in a brief about depleted uranium :
“ The fact that DU is aerosolized on impact with its target and is transformed into small dust particles capable of being carried by the wind may threaten air , ground and water resources , which all may become long-term repositories for DU . Long term impact is especially important considering the 4.5 billion year half life of DU . ”
The International Coalition to Ban Uranium Weapons , an alliance of non-governmental organizations and some countries are seeking a worldwide ban on the production and military use of depleted uranium weapons . But other countries around the world , some of which also have DU weapons in their arsenal , downplay or deny the hazards to DU and claim there is no proven long-term hazard to the use of DU weapons .
Unfortunately , the U.S. Military , just as it did when using Agent Orange during the Vietnam war , has denied that DU weapons pose any significant hazard to civilian populations where they are used or American and allied soldiers who deploy these weapons .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
In the 2003 article , The War Against Ourselves , Major Doug Rokke , former director of the U.S. Army 's Depleted Uranium Project and active in the Gulf War in 1991 , said :
“ We did n't know anything about DU when the Gulf War started . As a warrior , you 're listening to your leaders , and they 're saying there are no health effects from the DU … The U.S. Army made me their expert . I went into the project with the total intent to ensure they could use uranium munitions in war , because I 'm a warrior . What I saw as director of the project , doing the research and working with my own medical conditions and everybody else 's , led me to one conclusion : uranium munitions must be banned from the planet , for eternity . ”
In 2004 , Juan Gonzalez reported in their New York Daily News story , The War 's Littlest Victim , that National Guardsman , Gerard Darren Matthew , returned from Iraq suffering from mysterious illnesses and tested positive for uranium contamination . Shortly after their return , their wife , Janice , became pregnant and gave birth to a baby girl who was missing three fingers on their left hand and most of their right hand .
In 2006 , Associated Press documented the case of soldier Herbert Reed who returned from Iraq very ill. As reported in U.S . Soldiers Are Sick of It , since Reed left Iraq , their gums bleed , there is blood in their urine and in their stool . Bright light hurts their eyes . A tumor has been removed from their thyroid . The Associated Press disclosed :
“ About 30 percent of the 700,000 men and women who served in the first Gulf War still suffer a baffling array of symptoms very similar to those reported by Reed 's unit . Depleted uranium has long been suspected as a possible contributor to Gulf War Syndrome … “
In Depleted Uranium Weapon Use Persists , Despite Deadly Side Effects , Truthout reported :
“ In 2010 , a BBC correspondent interviewed medical staff at the new Falluja General Hospital … Iraqi physicians reported that excess cases of severe birth defects were increasing yearly since the 2004 siege of the town . The reporter visited the pediatric ward and described being stunned by the horrific number of birth defects they witnessed and their shocking severity : children born with multiple heads ; others , paralyzed , seriously brain damaged , missing limbs , and with extra fingers and toes . ”
And if you think the radioactive dust that has poisoned soldiers and populations , and permeated the ecosystems of the war-torn countries far away from America is not your problem , listen up . DU weapons have been tested by U.S. military at proving grounds and firing ranges in Arizona , Maryland , Indiana and Vieques , Puerto Rico .
Disturbingly , in the bucolic town in Concord , Massachusetts—birthplace of the American Revolution , famous for the “ shot heard round the world , ” and home of Henry David Thoreau and Walden Pond—hosts one of the nastiest Superfund sites in the country . The toxic nightmare resulted from the manufacture of DU weapons .
The Environmental Magazine reported on the Concord Superfund site in 2004 :
” … few know about the nuclear waste dump at 2229 Main Street . But this shady burg of 15,000 residents quietly struggles with its legacy as the maker of depleted uranium slugs for the U.S. military 's latest wars . The soil more than a mile from the nuclear dump is radioactive . A 1993 epidemiological study found the town 's residents suffered higher rates of cancer than the state average . ”
As of November 2012 , the U.S. EPA reported the Superfund site located in Concord on a 46.4 acre site of the former Nuclear Metals , Inc. ( NMI ) facility , after almost a decade of clean up efforts , is still not completed . Conveniently , NMI went bankrupt before cleaning up the site , leaving U.S. tax payers responsible for cleaning up the mess .
The radioactive mess in Concord pales in comparison to the horrific radioactive pollution at the 586 square mile , U.S. Department of Energy Hanford Nuclear facility in central Washington State . In August 2102 , Environment News Service reported a million gallons of radioactive waste has already leaked into the soil and groundwater , threatening the entire region and nearby Columbia River . In August 2012 , a memo from U.S. Department of Energy inspectors to the Washington State Department of Ecology detailed new leaks of radioactive waste coming from double shell storage tanks that were supposed to last another forty years .
The U.S. and the other countries producing nuclear waste have no safe , long-term strategy for dealing with the thousands of tons of radioactive waste accumulating each year . The majority of this dangerous material is stored onsite at nuclear power stations that are vulnerable to hurricanes , tsunamis , earthquakes and other potential disasters .
Despite pressure from the highly-subsidized nuclear industry , and the push to build more nuclear plants around the world , there is a growing anti-nuclear movement and support for alternatives to nuclear power . Famous anti-nuclear environmental advocate , Dr Helen Caldicott , said in a May 2012 Huffington Post interview :
“ I 've got the cure to global warming , which is a study that I commissioned called Carbon-Free and Nuclear-Free . Download it at www.ieer.org . You 've got enough renewable energy right now , right now—integrated forms supply all the energy you need , right now—well , by 2030—but get going and you 'll employ millions of people and it will be terribly exciting . And lead the world towards a carbon-free nuclear-free future . ”
Charles Todd Henderson on Tuesday denied they lied during testimony they gave at a trial last year .
Henderson was prevented from taking office Tuesday as the next Jefferson County district attorney because they were indicted Friday for first-degree perjury at that trial involving a divorce case .
At a press conference Tuesday afternoon Henderson said that everyday someone is indicted and their lawyers say they did n't do it . `` Well I 'm standing here today and I 'm telling you I did n't do it . I look forward to my day in court and I hope that day comes soon , '' they said in a brief statement .
Henderson was surrounded by a few dozen supporters at the press conference .
The indictment charging Henderson with first-degree perjury , which was publicly released this morning , states that at a Sept. 26 hearing before Circuit Judge Patricia Stephens in the divorce case of Charbel Akl v. Yareima Carmen Valecillos Akl did `` swear falsely and such false statement was material to the proceeding in which they were made . ''
Henderson had been appointed guardian ad litem in that divorce case in January 2016 to represent the interests of the couple 's child . But in May they were removed as GAL after allegations that they were biased against the father and the mother was working on Henderson 's campaign .
Then at a trial in September in the divorce case Henderson testified and evidence surfaced that they and the mother were in a romantic relationship , according to court records . It 's not clear exactly the question or questions to which Henderson allegedly lied .
One of Henderson 's attorneys , Jim Parkman , said there are no specific allegations in the indictment about what Henderson allegedly did .
Parkman said they have reviewed the transcript of that September trial in which Henderson testified . `` We can find no false statement given by Todd or any material false statement , '' they said .
Parkman urged that the court proceedings go swiftly .
Press conference of indicted Jeffco DA-elect Charles Todd Henderson , who is charged with perjury in connection with a divorce case . Posted by John Archibald on Tuesday , January 17 , 2017
Henderson 's attorneys have said the charge is false and politically motivated . Henderson defeated long-time Jefferson County District Attorney Brandon Falls , a Republican , during the November general election .
Parkman said Tuesday they thought it was `` strange '' the indictment came just before Henderson was to take office .
Henderson was asked questions about their relationship with the wife in the divorce that were `` fuzzy '' at best and they gave the appropriate answers .
Parkman said that the man and woman - the Akls - in the the divorce case had separated in 2014 . In May of 2015 the husband filed for divorce . In August of 2015 Henderson met Ms. Akl and they requested and began working on their campaign , they said .
`` There was no relationship other than campaign work that existed until the end of July 2016 after they were removed as guardian ad litem in May of 2016 , '' Parkman said .
Henderson and Ms. Akl `` hooked up '' months after they were relieved of their guardian ad litem duties , Parkman said .
A complaint was made to the Birmingham Bar Association regarding their role as guardian ad litem and a possible conflict of interest - unrelated to the perjury charge , Parkman said . That complaint was forwarded to the Alabama State Bar and the attorneys have n't been told the status of that complaint , they said .
Henderson was booked into the Jefferson County Jail on Friday and released on $ 2,500 bond . Danny Carr , the longtime deputy district attorney who Henderson had tapped as their chief deputy , was sworn on Saturday by presiding Jefferson County Circuit Judge Joseph Boohaker to be district attorney pro-tem while the charges are pending against Henderson .
New Jefferson County District Attorney indicted for perjury ; will face suspension Details of the indictment were not yet available but Henderson 's attorney , James Parkman , called the charge false .
Prosecutors who presented the case to the grand jury were assistant Alabama Attorney Generals Matt Hart and Kyle Beckman . Hart was the prosecutor in the conviction of Alabama House Speaker Mike Hubbard last year .
Henderson was indicted by the special grand jury , which was originally empaneled in Jefferson County on Oct. 17 .
Since that time that grand jury has met in one session , and , in that session heard the testimony of seven witnesses , according to a court document filed in Henderson 's case . The grand jury has returned one indictment ( Henderson ) . `` We request that this grand jury be continued for further investigation into additional matters , '' according to the court document .
Danny Carr named Jefferson County DA pro tem Carr was appointed district attorney pro ten by presiding Jefferson County Circuit Judge Joseph Boohaker .
Charles Todd Henderson Indictment by KentFaulk on Scribd
The Fraternal Order of Police released a video that urges potential police candidates not to work for the City of Miami . Union President Sgt . Javier Ortiz and Miami Mayor Tomas Regalado spoke about it . ( Published Thursday , Aug. 22 , 2013 )
The Fraternal Order of Police released a video that urges potential police candidates not to work for the City of Miami .
The video , posted on the F.O.P . 's YouTube page says : `` Are you looking to advance your career ? Do not apply to be a police officer in the city of Miami . There are no educational incentives , no promotional exams and no raises . Work for a department that values their public safety employees . ''
The 16-second commercial , which begins airing on TV Aug. 28 , is the latest move by the police union to try and wrestle better benefits out of the city . Along with the video , union leaders are taking a trailer out to places where the police department is recruiting . Once there , they hand out flyers telling potential candidates that cities like Fort Lauderdale and Miami Beach have higher paying openings .
Miami Mayor Tomas Regalado says `` this does n't deter people from applying . '' According to the mayor , they have `` a list of one thousand applicants that want to be a police officer . Whatever the F.O.P . says , Miami 's Finest are still Miami 's Finest . ''
The union president disagrees . Sergeant Javier Ortiz says the mayor 's numbers are off .
`` In the last certified list of police officers who have applied , about 400 applied and out of that about 10 percent already dropped out , '' Ortiz said .
The union president says they are now recruiting but for other agencies and expects a massive exodus from the Miami Police department within the next six to eight months .
`` They 're going to be jumping ship , '' Ortiz says .
The move comes as the department prepares to lose about 200 officers who are retiring soon . Mayor Regalado admits they are low on numbers and `` that 's why the chief is trying to recruit people to fill the positions of people that have retired but besides that we 're adding 25 new police officers coming the next fiscal year . ''
Regalado says they are waiting for negotiations to start again with the union and says the city is ready to restore educational benefits . They also admit the union was quoted `` very smart in having this PR campaign. ``
NBC 6 reached out to Miami Police Chief Manuel Orosa but they declined to comment .
Click to email this to a friend ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Reddit ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Google+ ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Flipboard ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Twitter ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Facebook ( Opens in new window )
Russia 's Olympic Committee was banned from the PyeongChang Olympics due to the nation 's doping scandal , but individual Russian athletes will be invited to compete at the Winter Games as neutrals under the Olympic Flag .
The full IOC announcement is here .
Russian athletes deemed “ clean ” by a panel will be invited to compete under the name “ Olympic Athlete from Russia ( OAR ) . ”
No Russian flag , anthem or uniforms ( except for , possibly , the Closing Ceremony ) , though the word “ Russia ” is expected to be on the uniforms .
If an OAR athlete or team wins gold , the Olympic Anthem will play just as it did for the Unified Team at the 1992 Albertville Games .
The IOC said athletes will be invited via “ strict conditions ” detailed here :
Athletes must not have had a doping violation .
Athletes must have undergone pre-Games targeted drug tests recommended by a testing task force .
Athletes must have undergone any other testing requirements specified to ensure a level playing field .
“ This was an unprecedented attack on the integrity of the Olympic Games and sport , ” IOC president Thomas Bach said in a press release , adding that they do not anticipate a boycott by Russian athletes . “ The IOC [ executive board ] , after following due process , has issued proportional sanctions for this systemic manipulation while protecting the clean athletes . This should draw a line under this damaging episode and serve as a catalyst for a more effective anti-doping system led by [ the World Anti-Doping Agency ] . ”
The decision clears a path to PyeongChang for Russian stars like figure skater Yevgenia Medvedeva and short track speed skater Viktor Ahn .
Medvedeva spoke at the IOC meeting in Switzerland on Tuesday . Read what they said here .
“ Invited athletes will participate , be it in individual or team competitions , under the name ‘ Olympic Athlete from Russia ( OAR ) , ' ” the IOC release read .
Bach repeated that statement when asked how Tuesday 's decision affects Russian hockey and curling teams and relays .
The International Ice Hockey Federation was not ready to comment on the situation immediately after the announcement , according to hockey media .
Russian president Vladimir Putin is expected to comment on the decision Wednesday , according to Russian media .
The next steps for Russian athletes and officials are expected to be discussed at a meeting next Tuesday , according to Russian news agency TASS .
Russian sports minister Vitaly Mutko was banned from the Olympics for life . The Russia Olympic Committee was fined $ 15 million .
Russia Olympic Committee president Alexander Zhukov , whose IOC membership was suspended , apologized before Tuesday 's announcement , Bach said . Bach declined to detail for what Zhukov apologized , but Zhukov 's speech was later published .
“ As the exclusive U.S. media rights holder through 2032 , we believe in clean competition and strong actions to ensure it , ” NBC Sports said in a statement . “ Therefore , we fully support today 's IOC decision , which levels significant sanctions against the guilty , but also provides a path for clean athletes to compete in PyeongChang . ”
MORE : Russian stars await Olympic invites | U.S. athletes react
Russia 's doping scandal emanates from the Sochi Olympics . It was first reported in May 2016 that Russian Olympians on performance-enhancing substances were protected by a urine-swapping scheme . Implicated Russian athletes have denied being part of a doping plan .
Late-night swaps of dirty samples for clean urine stored months earlier went via a “ mouse hole ” into a secured room at the Sochi testing laboratory .
Secret service agents had found a way to break into tamper-proof sample bottles and return them with clean urine , claimed whistleblower Grigory Rodchenkov , the former head of a Moscow drug-testing lab .
After investigations , the International Olympic Committee last month began stripping Russia of Sochi Olympic medals ( 11 of its Sochi-leading 33 medals so far ) and banning athletes from the Olympics for life ( 25 so far ) . A full list is here .
The last nation to be banned from a Winter Olympics was South Africa , which was barred from 1964 through 1992 due to its apartheid policies .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
OlympicTalk is on Apple News . Favorite us !
MORE : 100 Olympic storylines 100 days out from PyeongChang
Though Florida Governor Rick Scott has recently said they wo n't privatize state prison operations ( something they considered early in their term , which received flak after it was revealed that the conservative 's election campaign received $ 30,000 in contributions from both Corrections Corporation of America and GEO Group ) , their administration has pushed forward with plans to privatize healthcare services in state prisons and they recently recommended that 14 of the state 's publicly operated work release centers should also go to private contractors .
Gov . Scott estimates this privatization effort will save the state some $ 4.4 million .
Despite the privatization efforts , however , Gov . Scott 's prison budget is set to expand by $ 84.4 million this year .
Some 3,600 state jobs have been cut during during Gov . Scott 's term but criticism of their tenure is often tempered by the fact that Florida 's unemployment rate has dropped from 10.8 percent to just over 8 percent since they took office .
`` Our hard work to make government live within its means has put us in a position to make targeted investments in areas that will put families first by keeping our economy growing , '' Gov . Scott told the Gainesville Sun .
-- -- -- -- -
Follow me on Twitter @ ssttrroouudd .
Starting on Monday , radio listeners in the London and Kitchener-Waterloo markets will hear an urgent plea to `` fight back '' against `` the damage union power is doing to Ontario . ''
`` In the last Ontario election , union bosses spent over $ 6-million to ensure their influence over another union-friendly government , '' the narrator will warn . The result is `` higher taxes , higher deficits , higher unemployment '' that make it `` harder and harder for you to get ahead . ''
The voice belongs to Catherine Swift , best known as head of the Canadian Federation of Independent Business . But they deliver the message in their new role at the helm of a group trying to elbow its way into provincial discourse just in time for an election in which the future of organized labour will be front and centre , courtesy of Progressive Conservative Leader Tim Hudak 's flirtation with `` right-to-work '' policy .
Story continues below advertisement
There are plenty of bones to pick with the charges levelled by Working Canadians , as Ms . Swift 's group has branded itself . Taxes have not gone up in any significant way since the last election ; the deficit has gone down , albeit more slowly than many would wish ; organized labour 's culpability for unemployment rates is highly debatable .
But then , those on Ontario 's right would argue that turnabout is fair play . For years , they have complained that Working Families – the coalition of unions to which Working Canadians is an obvious response – has done the governing Liberals ' bidding by spending buckets of cash demonizing the Tories . Ms . Swift 's effort is a manifestation of those frustrations ; it is also , in its scale , evidence of the uphill battle to provide a counterbalance .
The complaints about Working Families can be easy to dismiss . The ads it ran before the last election , implying that Mr. Hudak was a stooge of corporate masters , were hokey . And the PC Leader ran a clumsy enough campaign that they were perceived to defeat himself .
Even Liberals , though , acknowledge it was not so much during the 2011 election campaign itself that the Tories ' lead eroded ; it was in the summer before . That was when Working Families flooded the airwaves with attack ads . It was also when the Liberals ran a spot in which Mr. McGuinty made the case for their government .
The Liberals could afford a big buy for their positive ads , Tories argue , only because Working Families did their dirty work . Meanwhile , their party had to choose one or the other , and opted more for negative ads because they tend to yield better returns , but still could not match what the coalition was putting out .
The ostensible mystery in all this is why , rather than bemoaning their lot and vowing to change the laws if elected , the Tories have taken so long to try to respond in kind . In past elections , business interests gave right-of-centre politicians ample support . Why would n't they again ?
Provincial Conservatives insist that such backing has been extremely hard to achieve . By their account , companies are afraid of retribution if the Liberals are re-elected . Some concede the Liberals have been good at `` stakeholder management . '' Conversely , when they 're feeling really bitter , they 'll point out that , unlike unions , companies ca n't collect mandatory payments and direct them toward ad campaigns . That last complaint helps explain why Mr. Hudak wants to get rid of the Rand Formula , which requires all employees in unionized workplaces to pay dues .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Meanwhile , Working Canadians – which Ms . Swift describes as `` very seat of our pants '' and says has raised `` a couple hundred grand '' so far – will try to grow beyond its humble launch in two small markets . It 's a modest hope , but it 's more than most anyone else on their side of the spectrum has recently attempted .
Follow me on Twitter :
The Prix Goncourt was awarded on Monday by the 10 members of the Academy Goncourt in Paris to Eric Vuillard for having written the best French-language prose work of the preceding year .
While Vuillard will take home a token prize of just €10 ( around $ 12 ) , their book `` L'Ordre du jour '' ( The order of the day ) will receive the highly coveted Goncourt jacket-band , which leads to explosive book sales and household name fame .
In `` L'Ordre du jour , '' Eric Vuillard use fiction to retrace the behind-the-scenes steps leading to Nazi Germany 's invasion of Austria in 1938 . Bookstore chain and co-sponsor of the award Fnac congratulated Vuillard on their win .
With respect to the relationship between history and fiction , Vuillard has said that , `` Literature is intended to tell the stories that are important and even threatening ... There are forms of discovery that are specific to reading and writing . What I call fiction is the editing made by the data collected . ''
Also announced at Monday 's ceremony was the Prix Renaudot , which is seen as a second-place award that , while not related to the Prix Goncourt , complements it . Author Olivier Guez received the honor for their work , `` La disparition de Joseph Menguele '' ( The disappearance of Joseph Menguele ) .
Read more : 8 French heavyweight authors to check out at the Frankfurt Book Fair
From Herman Melville to the Austrian Anschluss
The jury selected the Vuillard from a third-round shortlist featuring three other authors .
Yannick Haenel landed on the shirt list for their novel `` Tiens ferme ta couronne '' ( Hold onto your crown ) , which follows an author determined to have their screenplay on Herman Melville 's life produced . Veronique Olmi 's novel `` Bakhita '' tells the story of a 19th-century slave who becomes a nun in Italy . And the fourth finalist , Alice Zeniter , tells the story of a family 's tangled , silent history between France and Algeria in `` L'Art de perdre '' ( The art of loss ) .
Yannick Haenel , Veronique Olmi , Eric Vuillard and Alice Zeniter were the four finalists for the Prix Goncourt 2017
In 2016 , French-Moroccan author Leila Slimani won the Prix Goncourt for their novel `` Chanson Douce , '' which means `` sweet song '' or lullaby .
Other past winners include Michel Houellebecq ( 2010 ) , Amin Maalouf ( 1993 ) and Patrick Modiano ( 1978 ) .
A 114-year-old award
In addition to the two overall prose awards , the Goncourt Academy also awards four other genre-specific prizes at different dates to the current year 's outstanding works in the categories of first novel , short story , poetry and biography .
The Prix Goncourt has been awarded every year since 1903 . Works of prose written in French and published by French publishers over the past academic year are eligible . The entrants do not have to be French citizens . The book 's editor submits the work to the academy , which then narrows the selection through oral voting over multiple rounds .
The academy was founded by the 19th-century French literary figure Edmond de Goncourt to encourage new talent in French literature . The Prix Goncourt is awarded in honor of Edmond 's brother Jules Alfred Huot de Goncourt .
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A double amputee says they are set to lose their `` lifeline '' of a car because they can occasionally walk unaided for 20 metres with a prosthetic limb .
Stephen Dickson , 38 , fears they will lose their job and independence as they face having theirs having their specially-adapted car taken away .
Their situation is set to change after they passed a Department for Work and Pensions ( DWP ) test by walking 20 metres ( 65ft ) .
But they claim they ca n't always walk that far because of excruciating pain caused by their prosthetic leg .
The stepdad-of-two received Disability Living Allowance ( DLA ) from the age of 11 but had to re-apply for the new Personal Independence Payment ( PIP ) last month after changes to the system .
( Image : Dan Rowlands/Mercury Press )
The double congenital amputee , who was born without their right arm and leg , was told they no longer qualified for the mobility aspect of the payment - despite regularly being bed-bound because of pains so severe they could soon require surgery .
Stephen , from Monton , Greater Manchester , said : `` I think the decision is really short sighted of the DWP .
`` Yes I can walk 20 metres with my prosthetic leg , which meets their requirements , but I ca n't walk that far regularly - it causes a lot of strain on my body .
`` My prosthetic leg is there to help me walk but they make me develop sores on my groin and the bottom of my legs and I can get ingrown hair follicles which are really painful .
( Image : Dan Rowlands/Mercury Press )
`` A few days a year I am left bed bound because my limbs hurt that much and I need to rest up so that I do n't do too much damage to my body . ''
Although the changes will see Stephen 's standard living payments remain the same - which they said they are 'more than grateful ' for - their biggest concern is the removal of the mobility allowance .
The £58 monthly benefit was paid directly from the DWP to the Motability Scheme where they hired a Skoda Superb with a left accelerator adaption .
Customer service adviser Stephen said : `` I presumed because I always had it I would receive similar payments under PIP , so when I was told I would n't be receiving the same payments I was shocked . ''
Stephen is planning to lodge an appeal but when they hand over their car keys on Tuesday , they will have no form of private transport to get to and from work .
( Image : Dan Rowlands/Mercury Press )
Stephen said : `` I do n't mind using public transport but the bus stop is quite a walk from my house and if there are no empty seats it will cause a strain on my limbs if I have to stand .
`` When I have my prosthetic leg attached and my trousers on it becomes an invisible disability , so no one would even know I was disabled and needed to sit down .
`` It would be fine doing it for a few days but after a few weeks the sores around my groin and knees would inevitably get worse resulting in me having to call in sick at work . ''
Stephen said their wife Gaynor , 55 , who does n't drive , is worried that by losing their car it will make simple everyday tasks such as the food shop even more difficult .
Stephen said : `` I 've not lived off the state and claimed any other benefits and this is because I was receiving my mobility payments which helped me to get a car and to drive to work every day .
( Image : Mercury Press and Media Ltd )
`` I feel sorry for the DWP really they 've been forced into this by a decision made by the government . It 's very sad that the change has made such a huge difference .
`` I think most people just expected the introduction of PIP to be a name change , not a change of what money we will receive . ''
A DWP spokesperson said : `` Decisions for PIP are made following consideration of all the information provided by the claimant , including supporting evidence from their GP or medical specialist .
`` Most people leaving the Motability scheme are eligible for a one-off payment of up to £2,000 to help meet their needs . ''
What is a PIP assessment ?
Personal Independence Payment assessments are carried out by qualified health professionals who combine their clinical knowledge with an understanding of the fact that not everyone with the same disability is impacted in the same way .
The PIP assessment criteria was designed in consultation with healthcare professionals and disability organisations .
Under PIP 26 per cent of claimants is now receiving the highest rate of support , compared to 15 per cent under Disability Living Allowance ( DLA ) .
Disabled people moving from DLA to PIP who are no longer entitled to a Motability car , scooter or powered wheelchair will now be able to retain the vehicle for up to eight weeks after their DLA payments end - more than double the current allowance .
There will also be a further option for people to retain their car for up to six months , for example if they are awaiting the results of an appeal .
With 2am Sunday , April 3 just around the corner , we 're approaching that most magical time of the year : the moment when we , as an almost-nation , celebrate daylight saving – or , as about half of our population recognise it , the beginning of the six months when the car 's clock is correct .
And it 's typically heralded by endless op-eds and social media screeds on the topic “ Daylight Saving : Why Do We Even ? ” Of course , in 2016 there 's no knock-down case to be made for either side – and it 's precisely that magnificent irrelevance that makes it such a hot-button issue .
Australians are perfectly happy to shrug over boring , vital issues like asylum seekers , climate change and the effects of international trade agreements – but force our free citizenry to occasionally adjust their clocks ? That , sir , will not stand .
In the great tradition of our proud federation , daylight saving is a bitterly divisive issue between our states and territories – second only to the century-plus march towards a national standardised train gauge ( keep fighting the tyranny of the 1435mm standard , Mildura ! ) .
A Beverly Hills cosmetic surgeon says a woman 's size-D breast implants might have saved their lives when a gunman opened fire at their office .
Lydia Carranza was working at the Simi Valley dental office July 1 when their co-worker , the gunman 's wife , was shot and killed .
Carranza was just a few feet away . They survived a gunshot to the chest , but the the bullet left a scar and deflated the implant .
`` She 's just one lucky woman , '' Dr. Ashkan Ghavamitold the LA Times . `` I saw the CT scan . The bullet fragments were millimeters from their heart and their vital organs . Had they not had the implant , they might not be alive today . ''
Olympic Fashion Through the Ages
Ghavami told the Times they will perform the reconstructive surgery at a reduced cost . He 'd like implant companies to donate supplies .
But a spokesperson for the hospital at which Carranza was treated said it 's not a medical issue .
`` It 's a ballistics issue , '' Kris Carraway , a spokesperson for Los Robles Hospital & Medical Center in Thousand Oaks , told the Times . `` The emergency physician who treated the patient was not aware of the breast implant having any impact or whether or not it saved them life . ''
It 's Colbert 's Canada
An LAPD firearms instructor told the Times it 's possible the implant interrupted the velocity of the bullet .
`` I do n't want to say a boob job is the equivalent of a bulletproof vest , '' Scott Reitz told the Times . `` So do n't go getting breast enhancements as a means to deflect a possible incoming bullet . ''
Grey may not be the color that immediately comes to mind when you think of a wedding , but it can certainly look stunning on your bridesmaids combined with the right decor and accessories . I especially like grey in a softer color , but a slate grey is also a popular choice .
Grey looks amazing when combined with bright colors in yellow and purple , or for a more romantic-chic feel , matching a soft grey with a blush pink is also gorgeous . Play up your accent colors in your bouquets , shoes , or sashes .
Also , consider letting your bridesmaid choose different dresses , but in the same color palette . This is a less uniform look than traditional , and allows your best girls to pick a silhouette that is not only flattering on them , but is also re-wearable for other occasions .
This dress is designed by Lela Rose , style # LR157XX . It is a satin strapless , empire waist , with cascading ruffles . The length is perfect – not too short , not too long . It is also available in floor length and 47 other colors . I think this is a beautiful choice for spring or summer :
This is another one of Lela Rose 's designs : Style # LR120 . I love the crinkled chiffon on this one – the material gives it an even softer feel . The hand worked origami trim is the perfect romantic touch . The satin belt placed at the natural waist makes this dress flattering on most figures . It is also available in other colors , including a darker charcoal grey :
Designed by the Dessy Collection , this floor length dress has an empire waist , and stretch tulle sequin bodice . I love the removable tulle overlay ! It really makes this dress unique . Style # 2840 :
Designed by After Six Bridesmaids , this dress has a nice vintage “ Marilyn Monroe ” feel . It is a floor length halter dress made with flowing chiffon , and has a lace midriff that is also available in black . This dress can be flattering on thin or curvy figures . Style # 6532 :
Designed by Dessy Bridesmaids , style # 2721 . The great thing about this dress is that it 's available in several different colors , including over 50 options for the sash color . This makes it easy to coordinate with your wedding color scheme . It 's a tea length classic fit with delicate shirring :
Love the back ! Another great dress designed by After Six Bridesmaids . Style # 6550 . It 's made with a matte satin and has a gently flaring skirt . The bow adds a lot of drama to the back , while giving it a more custom fit :
I like the large matte satin waistband on this one , it 's also available in over 50 color choices , making it easy to coordinate with your wedding scheme . Notice the pleated detail on the back of the bodice and skirt . Designed by After Six Bridesmaids , style # 6506 .
The running joke around the world headquarters of JoeBucsFan.com is that when the pads come on , Kenny Bell vanishes .
In underwear football , Kenny Bell is an All-Pro . Last year , without pads and playing against insurance claims adjusters , marine biologists and short-order cooks , Bell shined .
When the pads came on and they went against the first- or second-team defense , Bell vanished like sweet-nothings in the dark of the night . Bell is still looking for their first catch against a team that wears different colored-jerseys .
Well , it seems the same pattern is developing this year . In underwear football this spring , Bell made many strong plays . When training camp opened up this summer , Bell again had a hot start .
Today with pads on for the first time in training camp , well , even Bucs coach Dirk Koetter wondered where Bell ran off to . Koetter was asked about developing a No . 3 receiver if Louis Murphy ca n't rebound from knee surgery and Koetter invoked Bell 's absence of play wearing pads .
“ Real critical , ” Koetter said of developing wide receiver depth . “ Like three through eight right now in that receiver group is pretty close . “ You take a guy like Kenny Bell – two days ago looked like the MVP two days ago , then they disappeared yesterday . And ‘ DD ' ( Donteea Dye ) looked like they did n't belong out here two days ago , and it was better yesterday . Russell Shepard has had their moments . Evan Spencer has had their moments . All those guys have a chance . You even look [ at ] Bernard Reedy and Freddie Martino , those are two guys that stuck with us a long time in Atlanta , two veteran players and they know what they 're doing . I like this Jonathan Krause kid , [ he ] has flashed a little bit . So no doors are closed right now for those receivers . I like our talent there , I like all those young guys and that 's what this preseason will be for . ”
Bell did show up today a bit . They were seen apologizing to Brent Grimes for submarining him , and then was seen grabbing their groin after a collision with Grimes .
Before folks start banging on their keyboard in rage and anger at Joe , let Joe be clear : Joe really , really , really hopes Bell blows up and becomes that deep threat both the Bucs and America 's Quarterback , Pro Bowler Jameis Winston , so desperately need .
To date , there is zero evidence Bell will be that man . None . Tommy Streeter ( underwear football MVP 2013 ) showed more than Bell . Hell , Chris Owusu had shown more than Bell .
Joe wants Bell to blow up . But to make a grand and sweeping generalization that Bell is the next Antonio Brown because they were a third-day draft pick and has cool hair and can run fast is not just a reach , it 's grasping at straws .
C'mon Kenny , give Joe a reason to hop on your bandwagon .
NASA and a Mystery : For Easter Island , a Frantic Year
Easter Island jumped centuries in the mid-1960s when the United States built an air base here . Now , like Heyerdahl , 71 , the Americans are also returning to the island .
Norwegian explorer Thor Heyerdahl , who put Easter Island on the map , is back after three decades , stalking again in inquisitive reverence among giant stone carvings by the sea . As much a legend among the islanders as the statues themselves , Heyerdahl has returned to seek new answers to an old mystery -- how did a primitive people move the massive statues into place ?
Such isolation is appropriate for a mid-Pacific mote that proudly calls itself `` the loneliest little island in the world . '' Today , volcanoes still outnumber discotheques , three to two , but that may change . This is a frantic year .
EASTER ISLAND , Chile — Normally , there is lobster every day on Easter Island , but the latest newspapers are available only on Wednesday , when the weekly flight arrives from distant South America .
Emergency NASA Runway
Millions of dollars from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration will stretch Runway One Zero at Mataveri Airport to 10,704 feet and drape it with Space Age electronics as an emergency runway for the U.S. space shuttle . No road on the 55-square mile island is paved , but should California-launched shuttles ever need to abort after launch , Mataveri will be waiting .
`` If the astronauts come down here , we will get them out , '' promised firefighter Pedro Ojeda , who drives the airport 's lone Oshkosh crash truck .
Here 's Heyerdahl wrestling with an elusive yesterday , the Americans jousting with tomorrow and cruel space and both counting on splendidly lonely Easter Island . What is happening here is as exotic as the ancient fireside tales told here of statues that walked onto the beach .
And it is heady stuff for the 2,060 residents of an island 2,230 miles from South America , where spice is usually provided by an average of 40 tourists a week .
Of the total population , there are about 1,200 people of Polynesian stock , 64 of them pure Polynesians . There are 700 school kids , 700 workers , half of them government-employed , and 700 idlers who gossip pretty much full time . Gossip , called varu varu , is Easter Island 's national sport .
Fierce Rivalries
Everyone knows everyone else on the island and most are related . Social , political and economic rivalries -- many of them over land , which only the Polynesian majority may own -- are as fierce as in most small towns and are waged sotto voce .
On indolent tropical nights with a fresh breeze stirring under an impossible canopy of stars , it is easy , thrilling and frightening for varu varu to conjure up a coming invasion of American spacemen .
There is even one theory that some other planet 's astronauts have already been here and that they were the inspiration for the island 's 1,000 majestic stone figures . Good varu varu , but Heyerdahl for one is n't buying . `` Why would spacemen have left broken stone picks in the quarries ? '' they said . `` They would have had better tools . ''
Gossip apart , Chile 's agreement with NASA to allow use of Mataveri for emergency shuttle landings is straightforward and parallels others the United States has reached with countries as diverse as Spain and Senegal , according to Joel Cassman , science attache at the U.S. Embassy in Santiago .
Today we are going to give the ladies of superhero comics a chance to shine . While we have previously talked about Miss Victory , one of the earliest super heros who beat Wonder Woman to the punch ,
they were not the first superhero . That honor belongs to the queen protector of the jungle : Fantomah .
Origin and career
Fantomah first appeared in Jungle Comics # 2 which was published in February of 1940 . They were written as a side story to the introduction of another superhero called the Red Panther .
Before we go on it 's worth mentioning a couple of things . First the company behind Jungle Comics was a pulp magazine publisher called Fiction House and one of the most popular pulp heroes at the time was the famous Tarzan .
It seems that copying much more successful characters and flooding the market with cheap copycats is nothing new . Anyway , Fiction House had a bit of success with their own pulp character Sheena : Queen of the Jungle ( a character so popular that they would get their own television series )
and in 1940 they decided to expand their comic book line up by commissioning an artist named Henry Fletcher to create a knockoff of their own established success and help establish the new genre of the “ white jungle goddess ” : Fantomah .
When Fantomah was created it was eventually revealed that they were a former Egyptian relic who was endowed with the power of the gods i.e anything the creator could think of or whatever was needed for Fantomah to save the day . What makes them separate from most of their other jungle goddess counterparts is that their body would change whenever they needed to use their powers transforming form a gorgeous blonde to…
a living nightmare . Basically they were an all powerful avatar of justice and vengeance and boy did they have a lot to do . Them job was to protect their jungle and all its native inhabitants and over the course of their career they faced down evil miners , explorers , and mad scientists . They are n't afraid to deal out some harsh justice as well . There was one instance where an evil scientist attempts to create an army of super soldier gorillas and Fantomah decides the best course of action is to take the scientist and feed them to their own creation .
They were the first female in comic books to have a dual identity , supernatural powers , and they were created to expressly fight against evil . These are all the hallmarks of a modern superhero and Fantomah was the first .
So what happened ?
Before we go any further , let 's address the pale elephant in the room . Fantomah : the great protector of the jungle and friend to all the animals and natives is white which can be viewed by many , including myself , to be racist as hell . The sad reality is that this was the standard operating procedure at the time and this sort of casual racism was the order of the day for pop culture heroes , especially exotic ones like Tarzan or Fantomah . Personally , I do n't like it and I 'm sure a lot of others do n't like it , but it was the way things were back then and we can use examples like this to appreciate just how far we 've come and as a lesson on what NOT to do with our characters .
You 'll also notice that Fantomah and their stories are…not very well drawn or written .
Fantomah was designed from the start to be a cheap and disposable character designed to fill out the pages of other comic book hero books and sadly they faded into obscurity . They were eventually re purposed in later appearances to share more similarities with their more popular unpowered counterpart Sheena
But sadly they would eventually fade into pop culture obscurity .
Still , Fantomah was the first lady in comic books to fight evil while having a dual identity and superpowers which makes them the very first female superhero .
Advertisements
Capital in the Twenty-First Century , a book by French elite scholar Thomas Piketty , has become an unlikely bestseller .
Less than a month after its English edition appeared in the United States , the book has lit a fire amongst the world 's scribbling classes . Print copies of the book have sold out , while the digital edition has gone to number one on Amazon .
Here in Ontario , just about the last thing Premier Kathleen Wynne did before calling a provincial election for June 12 was release a Piketty-esque budget , which opposition parties rejected .
Now , in a real-world test , the people of Ontario will have a chance to prove whether the popularity of the Piketty principles extend beyond the ivory towers .
Piketty 's book is a reasoned argument that economic inequality is not only bad for capitalism but is a natural outgrowth of unrestrained capitalism . It claims to prove that the only way to get the global economy back on track is through intervention by governments . As such , it is a rabbit punch to the belly of traditional free-market thinking .
Premier Wynne has not officially aligned themselves with Piketty . But with the policies laid out in the Liberal budget — higher taxes on the rich ; a pension for people threatened with poverty in old age ; a higher minimum wage ; higher payroll taxes on the private sector — Wynne seems to be positioning themselves as the Piketty Premier .
`` The book 's success has a lot to do with being about the right subject at the right time , '' says The Economist magazine in an article this week . Certainly the media , left and right , is flooded with reviews and commentary on Piketty and their thoughts . Those who agree call their ideas revolutionary . Critics call them a dangerous ideologue .
Not the only credible voice
At the time of the Occupy movement , commentators like yours truly were critical of the economic status quo , but Piketty gives such feelings the credibility and heft of a Grande école economist .
Picketty is not the only credible voice warning of the growing rich-poor split . The International Monetary Fund took a similar line . And just this week , the rich countries ' think tank , the OECD , pointed to Canada as one of those countries where the greatest proportion of wealth goes to the richest .
After releasing a budget that was rejected by both opposition parties , Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne called an election for June 12 . ( Frank Gunn/Canadian Press )
The OECD 's recommendations — higher taxes on those with the most money — could have been written by Picketty .
If voters all agreed with the OECD and Picketty , you might think Premier Wynne would be a shoo-in to win the upcoming spring election . But despite all the ivory-tower advice , raising taxes , even on the rich , has not proven itself to be a political winner .
The poorest do n't typically vote . Neither do they donate to political campaigns . Besides , no matter how far the Wynne government goes in taxing the rich or raising the minimum wage , many voters on the left will say it is merely window-dressing .
While Wynne may hope to grab votes from the New Democratic Party , saying they should have accepted an NDP-friendly budget , there will always be those on the left who say their policies do not go far enough .
Finally , the competing ideology that low taxes and free enterprise are the ultimate engine of economic success is an idea that is far from dead . Piketty and others compare our current era with that of the Gilded Age , that great period of inequality at the end of the 19th and beginning of the 20th century . But that age of mansions and hovels , masters and servants , did not end easily .
It took the shock of two world wars and the Great Depression to bring in a government willing to shake off the power and influence of the richest and redistribute wealth more evenly . We have certainly not yet reached a crisis of those proportions .
While pessimists say we are on the inevitable road to ruin , many of those who vote continue to put their faith in a business-led recovery . It appears those who disagree are not worried enough to put their differences aside . It may well be that the time has not yet come for a Piketty Premier .
Don Pittis is on Twitter @ don_pittis
Birmingham , ALABAMA — For the past two and a half weeks , media outlets across the U.S. have uncritically featured allegations made by Tina Johnson , an Alabama woman who claims that Republican senatorial candidate Roy Moore groped them in their office decades ago .
Yet as of this writing , a Google News search finds that not a single news media outlet in the U.S. has reported on the existence of court documents – first publicized on Sunday by Breitbart News – that may raise questions about Johnson 's motives in making the groping accusation .
The U.S. news media apparently do not find it noteworthy to mention that the documents show Moore represented Johnson 's mother in a nasty custody case for Johnson 's then 12-year-old son , Daniel Sitz . In the case , Johnson was repeatedly painted by Moore 's client as an unfit , absent and unstable mother and was accused of taking their son from their elementary school against theirs will .
Johnson 's mother was ultimately awarded custody in the case .
One affidavit signed by Johnson 's mother while they were represented by Moore accused Johnson of having a “ violent nature ” and noted that they “ has been treated by a psychiatrist when they were approximately 15 years of age. ” Johnson was a teenage mother .
The news media has also ignored separate criminal documents showing that as late as 2010 , Johnson was arrested and pled guilty to felony fraud charges related to checks belonging to a family member . They also entered a court drug program .
Speaking to AL.com , Johnson first went public with the claim that Moore groped them when they were “ on legal business with their mother ” in 1991 . The website noted that “ Johnson reached out to AL.com ” to discuss their alleged experience with Moore .
The website related that Johnson was “ at the office to sign over custody of their 12-year-old son to their mother , with whom he 'd been living . ”
Johnson claimed that , after the two met with Moore , their mother walked out of the office door first and that , as Johnson was walking out , Moore grabbed their buttocks from behind . “ He did n't pinch it ; they grabbed it , ” they claim .
Johnson claims that they were so surprised by Moore 's alleged actions that they did n't mention anything to their mother — even though Johnson described their mother as sitting next to them in Moore 's office just before the alleged incident .
Johnson 's mother , Mary Katherine Cofield , had hired Moore , then a private attorney , to represent them in the custody case for Johnson 's son , Daniel Sitz . The custody documents , filed by Moore , refer to Johnson by their married name at the time , Tina Sitz .
AL.com reported that it “ located the court documents from 1991 , detailing the custody transfer . ”
The website did not report on the nastiness of the soap opera-like custody case or that Moore 's client filed numerous court documents with allegations against Johnson . In one affidavit , Cofield stated that Johnson “ has a violent nature and has been treated by a psychiatrist when they were approximately 15 years of age . ”
Another document , signed by Moore , stated that Cofield — and not Johnson — was the “ most fit and proper person ” to have custody of Daniel Sitz .
Johnson 's son had resided with their grandmother , Cofield , since they were nine months old . Cofield says that , during those years , they provided Daniel with food , clothing and shelter “ without any assistance ” from Johnson . A judge officially granted Cofield full custody on September 23 , 1991 .
In the custody documents , Johnson is accused of taking their son against their will . A September 11 , 1991 affidavit signed by Daniel says that two days earlier , Johnson took them from elementary school “ against my will and made me go to their home . ”
An affidavit signed by Johnson 's mother claimed that Johnson took Daniel from school “ forcefully and without my permission . ”
Immediately after the school incident , documented by Moore 's office , Cofield was granted temporary custody of Daniel until the September 23 hearing at which they received permanent custody .
Daniel stated that they want to “ live with my grandmother with whom I have lived as long as I can remember . ”
The AL.com article , meanwhile , mentioned in one sentence in the 18th paragraph of its story that Johnson “ has pled guilty to writing bad checks , and for third-degree theft of property , which they said stemmed from family disagreement over the care of their late stepfather . ”
Criminal and court records reviewed by Breitbart News find that they were arrested on February 25 , 2010 on the felony charge of criminal possession of a forged instrument and theft by deception . They spent one day in jail and was released on bond .
The case revolved around the charges of intent to “ defraud , possess or utter ” checks in the amounts of $ 288 , $ 129.96 , $ 259.92 , $ 300 , and $ 170 respectively . They were also charged with obtaining or exerting unauthorized control over five checks for $ 25 each with intent to “ deprive the owner of said property . ”
Those five checks were in the name of “ W.G . Cofield , ” ostensibly their late stepfather . Cofield personally appeared to file charges against Johnson , criminal records show .
Johnson claims that Moore groped them in 1991 at their private law practice on Third Street in Gadsden , Alabama .
Last week , Breitbart News interviewed Delbra Adams , Moore 's former longtime secretary and judicial assistant . Adams said that , in their 13 years of working for Moore , they never saw or experienced any inappropriate conduct toward women .
Adams worked for Moore in 1991 at the time of Johnson 's accusations . Adams 's desk was right outside their office door at the time . Adams ' name was signed as a notary on one of the custody documents filed in Johnson 's case on behalf of Johnson 's mother , Cofield .
Numerous attempts to reach Johnson for comment were unsuccessful .
Moore has strenuously denied the numerous accusations against him .
Aaron Klein is Breitbart 's Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . They are a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . Follow them on Twitter @ AaronKleinShow . Follow them on Facebook .
Jan Gehl : The architect responsible for making Melbourne liveable
Posted
Since the mid 1980s Danish architect Jan Gehl has been helping Melbourne to `` turn this miserable scene into one of the most likeable cities in the world '' .
Mr Gehl has worked all over the world , trying to make cities `` people-centred '' again .
`` We never made the cities to make the cars happy or to make the shopkeepers happy , '' they told ABC Radio Melbourne .
`` We made the cities originally so that people could come together , meet each other and together develop the culture of humankind .
`` But in the second part of the past century we 've seen very much that the car invasion has taken over and pushed the people out of the cities , making the streets very unappetising and uncharming . ''
When Mr Gehl visited Melbourne in the mid 1970s they recalled how `` utterly dead Melbourne was and how boring the whole place was '' .
From 1985 , streets were closed off to cars , bike paths were built and public meeting spaces were created as Mr Gehl and a Melbourne urban design team made a concerted effort to transform the city .
`` And now Melbourne has this fantastic status as being one of the world 's most liveable cities , '' they said .
Gehl working to 'Melbournise ' Sydney
For the past 10 years Mr Gehl has been working to help `` Melbournise '' Sydney .
`` It 's coming along slowly , George Street has been closed , they are about to introduce trams and they have introduced bicycle lanes , '' they said .
Mr Gehl said the ability to access natural light in cities was key to making them more liveable .
`` In Sydney a lot of high rises have been built and hardly a sun ray goes into the city centre at this point .
`` In Melbourne , very cleverly , a corridor , a valley of sunshine has been preserved along Swanston Street and that 's very important because access to the sun in the spring and fall is very important so that the city is not overshadowed . ''
Mr Gehl said the key to making a city more liveable hinged on leadership .
`` It 's taking a long time and in Melbourne it 's been a miracle that it 's happened there , it has very much to do with leadership . ''
Topics : architecture , urban-development-and-planning , community-and-society , government-and-politics , human-interest , melbourne-3000
Massachusetts leaders hope not only to redevelop these sites , but help the state reach its goal of generating 15 percent of its power from renewable sources by 2020 .
State environmental officials , hoping to produce clean power from idle and unwanted land , are urging towns and cities to turn some of nearly 500 former landfills into solar or wind energy farms .
The Department of Environmental Protection has issued permits for 12 such projects since last year , including a solar array in Canton and a wind turbine in Kingston .
Hoping that is only the first wave of proposals , the DEP is working on a guidebook on redeveloping former dumps and touting incentives and smooth permitting .
“ My sense is that as these catch on and we create economic models and permitting models to do it , more communities will get involved , ” DEP Commissioner Kenneth Kimmell said recently .
State officials acknowledge not every former landfill is suitable . Towns and cities have to make sure a renewable energy project will not disrupt buried waste or jeopardize soil and synthetic caps that control the spread of waste at many closed landfills . Other sites slope too much or are too far from electrical transmission lines .
However , in the projects the DEP has permitted , officials said they are confident the job can be done safely .
“ It 's environmentally friendly , ” said Sarah Weinstein , deputy assistant commissioner for the DEP 's Bureau of Waste Protection . “ We know all these projects have been properly capped and closed and we know the project is going to work with the cap . ”
Solar panels seem to be generating the most interest among city and town leaders , said Geoff Beckwith , executive director of the Mass . Municipal Association ..
“ It 's actually very cost-effective to turn over ( landfills ) to the production of solar energy and make use of the land that otherwise would lay fallow or be very expensive to redevelop , ” Beckwith said .
Massachusetts leaders hope not only to redevelop these sites , but help the state reach its goal of generating 15 percent of its power from renewable sources by 2020 .
The DEP lists a total of about 860 inactive landfills or dumps in the state , but for renewable energy projects , the agency wants to look at the potential of 496 sites that were mostly closed in the last 40 years .
Municipalities own 348 of the closed landfills the DEP lists as having some potential for renewable energy projects .
Another 132 are in private hands , while the state and federal governments own fewer than 20 .
Twenty-five landfills on the list are still active , but are scheduled to close within the next two decades .
“ They 're typically cleared , so they do n't have trees blocking the sun , and they 're usually in locations that putting up big arrays of solar panels is n't going to offend anybody , ” Kimmell said . “ It 's not a beautiful forest . ”
Before installing solar panels or windmills on a closed landfill , towns and cities must conduct engineering studies on everything from whether the project could be done without compromising pollution controls on the sites to preventing additional runoff from the sites .
Developers often finance and build the project themselves and operate it under a lease , cashing in on tax and renewable energy credits and selling energy into the grid .
The municipalities generally buy power from the projects at rates projected to yield savings and ultimately control the facilities when the leases expire .
I got into programming for the same reasons almost all passionate programmers do : the joy of solving problems combined with the deep satisfaction of creating new things . When I started on this journey , programming was undeniably fun . My ambitions ran in all directions at once . And so I pumped out lots of code on my own time : an arbitrary-precision calculator , a B+-tree library , a programmable code generator that could test the limits of compilers . These projects were hugely satisfying , made good articles , and were blessedly bounded . Each one of them could be undertaken and finished in a few weeks to a few months of after-hours work — despite being written in C .
As the GUI interface became the de facto means of interacting with software , programs became significantly bigger . Moreover , the profusion of tools , especially from the open source bazaar , created new demands . There was little point in writing a utility that already had a fully formed version widely available at no cost . Consequently , to write something useful , I was confronted with the need to develop programs with significantly more features ( or scalability ) than whatever else was out there . Over the period of a few years , even small projects came to require six months to accomplish , frequently more . I had to be much more circumspect about what projects I decided to work on as I increasingly reached the point where the love of the goal tapered off long before the labor . To my distress , I began abandoning projects , even after dedicating significant time to them .
My initial response was to move up from C. The language 's low level qualities were fast losing their appeal . The nimbleness , elegance , and performance no longer compensated for the time burden they imposed . I switched to Java , where I thoroughly enjoyed the vast libraries and far better tooling . The OO paradigm , of course , also helped greatly .
I was finally able to undertake and complete exploratory projects again . But , after a couple of years , the old problem of complexity began to return . Projects now needed persistence layers and Web tiers . One programming language was not sufficient . HTML , JavaScript , XML , SQL , and other secondary technologies had to be mastered to do anything interesting . Projects were getting both big and difficult .
Today , I find myself about 30K lines of Java code into a project ( counting program and tests ) , which represents about three years of intermittent consignments of my personal time . While the project has advanced steadily ; each year on the anniversary of the founding date , I have come to the same conclusion about my progress : I 'm about 50 % of the way through .
The love endures ( it 's typesetting software , after all ! ) , but the desire to explore other projects is getting the better part of me . I note that I am not the only one with these sentiments . The overwhelming majority of open-source projects are abandoned incomplete . In part , this results from the youthful inexperience of project founders who , fresh out of school , want to conquer the world — only to discover the task to be far greater than a one-semester project . And unlike school , no one is paid to assess the results or even care about them .
Anyway , for exploratory programming to be fun once again , it has to avoid seeping into the domain of multi-year projects . So the question is how to create a non-trivial project that can be completed in a reasonable amount of time ? For small projects , it 's OK to cut back on requirements and design — they can be done in a few hours with a whiteboard and a notebook , rather than with elaborate diagrams and carefully written requirement docs . Other areas , such as tests , however , I wo n't cut back on . The real bugaboo is not design or testing , it 's the ( endless ) coding . Reducing coding is my mantra going forward . And to fulfill it , I 've concluded , I must move up the food chain from Java .
Java 's speed , portability , scalability , and extraordinarily good tooling are all pluses , but they do n't solve the one problem that bars my way : lack of productivity . To clear this hurdle , I 'm willing to sacrifice everything but the good tooling . And so I am considering two principal alternatives : Groovy and Ruby . Groovy has the benefits that come from the JVM ( except for speed ) and of some very unusual features that make certain problems painless ( such as testing , XML processing , and others ) . Ruby 's appeal is that it provides , in some senses , a ready-made universe . It comes with its own Web server and Web framework , hosting platforms , and SCM tools . In addition , most users really like the language . I 'll probably do very small projects with both languages to examine them fully and I might even end up choosing JRuby to get the best of all worlds . Hard to know .
However , what I do know is to get out from under the endless projects , I have to change my language and my tools .
— Andrew Binstock , Dr. Dobb 's Executive Editor
[ email protected ]
BEIRUT , Lebanon — Irish bombers used to have a grim mantra they would throw in the face of British authorities when one of their attacks did n't go according to plan . “ You have to be lucky all the time ; we only have to be lucky once. ” At the weekend the jihadist planners of a weekend bombing in Lebanon may have been muttering darkly to themselves something similar as they seek to open up fully a third front in their war in the Levant .
Lebanon escaped a big hit on Sunday night because a suicide bomber had a mechanical problem with their car and instead of arriving at their intended target in the Shia-dominated southern suburbs triggered their device prematurely near a Lebanese army checkpoint at one of the area 's main entrances . A Lebanese soldier was killed and more than 20 civilians were injured . Most of them were at café watching World Cup soccer when the explosion erupted .
It could have been much worse . Lebanese security forces say the bomber 's target was a bigger one right in the heart of the southern suburbs , the Beirut homeland of Hezbollah , the militant Lebanese Shia movement .
The signs are that in the coming weeks al Qaeda offshoot the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham ( ISIS ) will be following through in Lebanon in a bid to sow not only more mayhem and confusion in the Levant but in an effort to put pressure on the Lebanese militant Shia movement Hezbollah to start withdrawing some forces from neighboring Syria , where they have been a key factor in helping President Bashar al-Assad turn the tide of battle against rebels seeking to oust him .
“ Spillover ” is the description most reporters use for the episodic violence in Lebanon – from cross-border rocket jousting between Hezbollah and Syrian rebels to more than a dozen car bombings that have rocked Lebanon in the past two years . But the three countries are not separate saucepans – they are one boiling cauldron .
ISIS began as a group in Mosul in Iraq within al Qaeda in Mesopotamia only to regroup along the Syria-Iraq border into a bigger organization with more grandiose ambitions that stretch all the way to Lebanon . And the jihadists are turning the heat up not only in Iraq , where they are leading a Sunni insurgency that has taken a huge swath of territory in the north and west of the country , but in Lebanon , too .
The ISIS insurgency in Iraq is already affecting the war in Syria—and may start reshaping the more clandestine struggle in Lebanon .
Iraqi Shia militiamen who were in Syria assisting Bashar Assad 's forces mostly in the Damascus suburbs reportedly are returning home to try to battle the Sunni advance against the Shia-dominated government of Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki . One fighter told AP : “ We took part in the fighting in Syria . But now the priority is Iraq . ”
The Shia militiamen 's exodus from the fight in Syria – some estimates put their number as high as 30,000 – will leave a gap in the Assad war machine . Firas Abi Ali , an analyst with the risk assessment consultancy IHS , says Hezbollah will likely fill the gap left by Shia militiamen returning to Iraq . But they believe the withdrawal wo n't be accomplished quickly , since ISIS controls the land routes , and the departure as it unfolds probably will “ reduce the ability of the Syrian government to mount new offensives and place it on the strategic defensive . ”
So , for ISIS and Sunni militants there is now every reason to increase the pressure in Lebanon on Iran-backed Hezbollah . And the signs are that they are .
A bombing spate in Lebanon last year started to tail off in the winter . Lebanese security officials put that down to their increased vigilance and better policing . But it may have had more to do with the strategic priorities of ISIS and the official al Qaeda affiliate Jabhat al-Nusra as well as a successful offensive by Hezbollah and Syrian government forces in the mountainous Al-Qalamoun—a rugged region that runs from the rural outskirts of the Syrian capital to the Lebanese border .
Hezbollah officials and Lebanese security sources say the cars in some of the bomb attacks were rigged with explosives in the Al-Qalamoun town of Yabrud and driven into Lebanon through the Lebanese border town of Arsal . That route was interdicted with the retaking of Yabrud by the Syrian army this winter – to the relief of Hezbollah , which was suffering acute political embarrassment as a result of a string of suicide blasts in its own backyard of Beirut 's southern suburbs .
ISIS , Jabhat al-Nusra and the Abdullah Azzam Brigades claimed responsibility for the bombings .
But now there is an uptick in jihadist activity and the Lebanese are alarmed . The speaker of the country 's dysfunctional parliament , Nabih Berri , sees a connection with the Iraq crisis . “ The security situation is dangerous in light of what is happening in Iraq , ” they said Tuesday .
The weekend explosion – the suicide bomber stopped in the middle of the street , prompting the suspicion of Lebanese soldiers who questioned them – was a near miss as far Lebanese security chiefs are concerned . The car 's malfunction spared Beirut “ a real disaster , ” according to a statement issued by Lebanon 's General Security agency .
Last Friday , Lebanon witnessed another suicide bombing -- at a police checkpoint on the Beirut-Damascus highway . A police officer was killed and 33 people wounded . The target appears to have been the head of General Security , Maj. Gen. Abbas Ibrahim . A convoy they were traveling in was a couple of hundred meters from the explosion .
Lebanese security agencies have been quick to try to nip what could well be a new bombing spate in the bud . Last week , they raided hotels in Beirut 's Hamra , a predominant student and artistic district also favored by tourists , and arrested 17 people , releasing all but three later . A Frenchman who was detained told their interrogators they had been recruited by ISIS . And Wednesday , Lebanese authorities arrested in the northern city of Tripoli six members of what they termed a “ criminal cell , ” including a university professor and two students .
But as fast as the authorities work to avoid becoming a third front , long-suffering Lebanon ultimately is too small , too close to the action , and too friable to hold out for long .
On Broner 's pre-fight talk of a KO
`` He said he 's gon na stop me , but since he 's moved up in weight , they do n't look that strong . I 've been this weight my whole career . I do n't think he 's gon na be as strong as they believe . I think they look at the 11 KO 's I 've got , and they think he 's gon na be too strong for me . But I think I 'm gon na be strong enough to bang with , and I 'm gon na outwork him . ''
On what Broner said in the face-off
`` He was just saying how good they are and it 's different from when you watch them on TV to being in the ring with him , and I just laughed . ''
On what Theophane said
`` That 's for me and him . It was good , you know what I 'm saying ? I know they see me as a threat . They had their shades off , I wanted them to look into my eyes to let them know I 'm ready , too . If they do believe he 's gon na stop me , that 's great . That means he 's gon na come forward . ''
On Broner talking about working at the Mayweather gym
`` He sparred with guys who were , like , 1-0 , 2-0 , amateurs . You 're supposed to -- they are n't sparring with guys like me , the senior guys , they were sparring with the young boys who wanted to go in the ring with AB . They may have got the better of them , but he 's sparring with 18 year olds , amateurs and stuff . Kids , like , 1-0 , 2-0 , 21 years old , they 're just starting their pro career . So they 're there as fans , like , 'Ah , I 'm sparring with AB ! ' and you 're beating them up . That 's no big deal . You 're supposed to work with him . ''
On how much Broner puts on a show for the press
`` I think this is real , but whenever he 's been with the team in the past , he 's always been cool . He 's always been cool with me in the past when I met him . This is different now . We 're rivals now , we 're going against each other . In the past , the times I met him , he 's been cool with me . He 's cool with loads of guys on the team , but there 's been things he 's said , even after this fight , a lot of the guys wo n't be cool with him . He 's been too disrespectful , towards Floyd , towards the whole team . We ai n't friends , but even if we were cool , we would n't be cool no more , because I think he 's been disrespectful in some of the things he 's said . ''
On why Floyd did n't show up
`` I think Floyd wanted to be here , but I know he 's been on the outside of the country doing stuff . They would 've been here if they could 've , but he 'll be here tomorrow . He 'll be at the weigh-in . He 's en route , he 's coming . ''
On Monday , Google paid tribute through its doodle to Shakuntala Devi on their 84th birth anniversary with a calculator font and their picture .
Popularly known as the Human Computer for their awesome ability to mentally solve complex mathematical problems , Shakuntala Devi was included in The Guinness Book of World Records in 1982 .
Without any formal education as a child , Shakuntala Devi had the ability to memorise and calculate numbers mentally an ability their circus artist father discovered when they were just three .
A prolific author as well , they wrote books like Fun with Numbers , Astrology for You , Puzzles to Puzzle You , and Mathablit .
In 1977 in the USA , Shakuntala Devi competed with a computer to see who gives the cube root of 188132517 faster , they won .
On June 18 , 1980 , the Human computer , Shakuntala Devi demonstrated the multiplication of two 13-digit numbers 7,686,369,774,870 × 2,465,099,745,779 picked at random by the Computer Department of Imperial College , London . They answered 18,947,668,177,995,426,462,773,730 in 28 seconds which is correct . This event is mentioned in the Guinness Book of Records .
With the ability to calculate the cube root of 61,629,875 , and the seventh root of 170,859,375 without writing it down or using a calculator , Shakuntala Devi 's abilities were studied by Arthur Jensen , a professor of psychology at the University of California , Berkeley in 1988 .
Jensen wrote in their report that the calculation was done and answers given even before they wrote the answer in their notebook . The findings were published in the academic journal Intelligence in 1990 .
In April 2013 , Shakuntala Devi passed away in a hospital in Bangalore from complications of the heart and kidneys at the age of 83 .
Amazon Simple Email Service also known Amazon SES evolved from the email platform that Amazon.com created to communicate with its own customers .
Amazon SES eliminates the complexity and expense of building an in-house email solution . You can use the Amazon SES API to integrate the functionality of Amazon SES directly into applications you develop . Or you can use the Amazon SES SMTP interface to send email through the third-party applications you already use , such as email clients , ticketing systems , autoresponders or in our case postfix .
In this tutorial i will show you how to configure postfix to work with Amazon SES SMTP servers .
Assumptions
You already have an AWS account . You are out of the Amazon SES Sandbox . You already verify the domain you 're going to use to send emails . You already have a Linux based server with postfix installed
Step 1 – Install needed packages
For Debian , Ubuntu , etc :
apt-get install libsasl2-modules
For CentOS , Fedora , RedHat :
yum install cyrus-sasl-plain
Step 2 – Edit postfix main file
vim /etc/postfix/main.cf
relayhost = email-smtp.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com:587
smtp_sasl_auth_enable = yes
smtp_sasl_security_options = noanonymous
smtp_sasl_password_maps = hash : /etc/postfix/sasl-passwords
smtp_use_tls = yes
smtp_tls_security_level = encrypt
smtp_tls_note_starttls_offer = yes
smtp_sasl_mechanism_filter = PLAIN LOGIN
Change the relayhost depending on your zone
Step 3 – Create a sasl-passwords file
vim /etc/postfix/sasl-passwords
email-smtp.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com AWS_SES_USER_Access_Key_ID : AWS_SES_USER_Secret_Access_Key
Change the AWS SMTP server and key values as you needed
postmap hash : /etc/postfix/sasl-passwords
Step 4 – Edit postfix master file
vim /etc/postfix/master.cf
add or uncomment the following lines
amavis unix – – – – 2 smtp
-o smtp_tls_security_level=none
127.0.0.1:10025 inet n – – – – smtpd
-o smtp_tls_security_level=none
Step 5 – Restart postfix
systemctl postfix restart
PARIS — The French presidential runoff transcended national politics . It was globalization against nationalism . It was the future versus the past . Open versus closed .
But in their resounding victory on Sunday night , Emmanuel Macron , the centrist who has never held elected office , won because they were the beneficiary of a uniquely French historic and cultural legacy , where many voters wanted change but were appalled at the type of populist anger that had upturned politics in Britain and the United States . They trounced the far-right candidate Marine Le Pen , keeping them well under 40 percent , even as their aides said before the vote that anything below that figure would be considered a failure .
Their victory quickly brought joy from Europe 's political establishment , especially since a Le Pen victory would have plunged the European Union into crisis . But in the end , Mr. Macron , only 39 , a former investment banker and an uninspired campaigner , won because of luck , an unexpected demonstration of political skill , and the ingrained fears and contempt that a majority of French still feel toward Ms . Le Pen and their party , the National Front .
Metrolinx has finally answered the question that has confounded transit watchers since Mayor John Tory campaigned on their $ 8-billion signature transit plan . SmartTrack and GO 's regional express rail plan are the same thing — at least for now — says the head of the provincial agency .
GO Transit 's long-standing plan for the future of regional express rail meshes with John Tory 's SmartTrack plan in many , but not all respects . Metrolinx says for its part that having two separate systems would n't make sense . ( STEVE RUSSELL / TORONTO STAR )
`` An independent and parallel service would be unaffordable and unworkable , '' Metrolinx CEO Bruce McCuaig wrote to city manager Peter Wallace in a letter dated Oct. 6 . Both SmartTrack and GO propose running electric trains at 15-minute frequencies on the GO tracks surrounding the city , connecting Markham and the west end through Union Station . The mayor has been vague on how their service will be distinguishable from GO . Now , Metrolinx has a clear answer : At this point , there is no difference .
Article Continued Below
But it 's not clear what , if anything , that will mean for the future of SmartTrack . In McCuaig 's letter , a response to a draft of the city 's report on SmartTrack , they suggest the mayor 's plan wo n't operate as a separate brand from GO . `` Metrolinx and the province believe that the ( city report ) should reflect the scenario where SmartTrack is an incremental increase in RER ( regional express rail ) service , rather than an independent and parallel service that co-exists with RER , '' they wrote . `` The risk of creating unmet expectations is too great , '' said McCuaig .
The letter also suggests the city stop referring to SmartTrack as a `` surface subway '' since federal rail regulations would prohibit TTC-style subway trains from operating on GO tracks . Toronto also needs to clarify how it intends to fund SmartTrack , said McCuaig . They note that SmartTrack could entail `` considerable '' expense over and above the GO plans , `` depending on the service concept and design . ''
Article Continued Below
The provincial Liberal government has offered some funding for SmartTrack , and all three campaigning federal parties have offered support . But there is doubt that Tory 's plan to raise the city 's one-third share through tax increment financing ( TIF ) would work . TIF would require borrowing against future development near the transit line . `` Understanding how the city intends to make its contribution to the program , including the timing of investments , will be important as part of the discussions between the city and the province , '' said McCuaig . A Toronto staff report , released late Thursday , said `` SmartTrack is different from GO RER in terms of vision and objectives . '' While SmartTrack would use the GO lines to provide more local urban service , GO would provide more frequent service to longer-distance commuters , said the report . `` Reconciling the different objectives of SmartTrack and GO RER , and identifying the optimal service concept and infrastructure plan to best serve Toronto 's transit needs will take several phases of analysis , '' it said . SmartTrack does have two obvious distinctions from GO . It envisions more stops in the city and a western rail spur that would carry commuters to the Mississauga airport corporate centre . Metrolinx is studying the feasibility of SmartTrack 's suggested stations , among others . But running trains to the airport-jobs hub will be an expensive and complex endeavour likely to require tunneling and bridges , said the city report . Asked Friday about the difficulty of building a connection to the western employment hub and the need for Toronto to invest in transit the province is already building , Tory said it would be `` premature '' to consider curtailing their transit vision . The city and province are looking at a series of transit solutions that would connect people to jobs and also be in the best interest of taxpayers , they told a press conference in advance of a trip next week to England , where they will have a look at London 's Crossrail train construction . `` I 've said from the beginning that I 've put forward a concept . I said ( that ) very clearly during the election campaign , where I was n't able to hire a squad of engineers and architects and other people to allow me to sort out every detail . Now we 're having professional , objective people do that . '' A draft of the city report obtained by the Toronto Star said the city might be interested in incorporating the Union Pearson Express ( UPX ) train into SmartTrack if ridership to the airport does n't materialize . But that passage did not appear in the publicly released version . Metrolinx denied it had discussed any change in the business model of UPX . RELATED : Four big questions about SmartTrack that still need to be answered Where a hijacked transit process is taking us : James With files from Jennifer Pagliaro
Read more about :
A survey commissioned by Cintas Corporation has revealed that a staggering 84 % of adults in the United States prefer to do business with companies that use green cleaning products and practices .
The polling was conducted by Harris Interactive in March , and included more than 1000 adults ages 18 and older .
“ Today 's consumers are environmentally-conscious and expect the businesses they patronize to use green cleaning practices , ” says Mike Thompson , Senior Vice President , Cintas Facility Services . “ This research affirms that using environmentally-friendly cleaning products and practices has a positive impact on the environment and can help drive repeat business . ”
Younger adults show the strongest preference for green cleaning methodologies , which could indicate that green products and practices will be of high value in the future .
This survey was conducted by phone within the United States by Harris Interactive on behalf of Cintas from March 24-27 , 2011 , among 1,018 adults ages 18 and older .
Spring Cleaning your Office
Streamline Green Permitting
Green Sweep
The narrative with LeBron James is that he 's their own coach and wo n't listen to the person hired to be the team coach . That narrative was only strengthened this season when David Blatt was fired midseason and replaced by Tyronn Lue . It was strengthened even more when James appeared to be doing the coaching during a game in which they are n't active .
It appears this was partly accurate when Blatt was in control . In a new report by CBS Sports ' Ken Berger , part of the Cavs ' initial problems this season was Blatt losing control of their players . One team source told Burger the Cavs were a `` fractured team '' and they just did n't function properly .
Per the report :
By letting James overwhelm them in the huddle during timeouts , Blatt unwittingly ceded control — and demoralized the rest of the team . By not being comfortable enough to rein in James , the dynamic of the team became one of LeBron and then everybody else . `` They felt they were doing this for LeBron , '' the person familiar with the internal workings of the team said , `` instead of with LeBron . '' Lue changed that the moment they first told James in a huddle , `` Shut the [ expletive up ] . I got this , '' according to a person who heard the exchange -- and a few others like it . If Lue was going to get the stars and the role players to buy into the strategic changes they were determined to implement — play faster , space the floor , move the ball , take full advantage of Love 's versatility — they were going to have to restore order first .
Lue 's ability to control James appears to have made quite the difference . The Cavs swept their first two opponents in the postseason and had a dominating win over the Raptors in Game 1 Tuesday night .
If you 're lucky enough to be able to afford a Lamborghini , it does n't necessarily follow that you have carte blanche to come up with any type of vanity license plate your heart desires .
While typical objections to license plate permutations typically focus on overtly offensive words , a Texas man named Safer Hassan recently learned the hard way that even obfuscating an alleged obscenity might leave you with a revoked plate .
Do n't Miss : Watch the leaked Batman v. Superman IMAX trailer right here !
Adorning the license plate on Hassan 's Lamborghini is simply a 7 character string which reads , 370H55V . What could possibly be the problem with that ?
Well , apparently the folks at the DMV eventually caught on to the fact that if you flip the string upside down and reverse the order of the letters , it spells out “ asshole. ” Consequently , they informed Hassan that their plate would be cancelled in 30 days , a decision they are planning to appeal .
What say you , gentle readers ? Is this license plate a-ok or is the DMV overstepping their bounds ?
BEAVER ( KDKA ) – A woman accused of trying to steal a police cruiser and leading officers on a chase was held for court this morning .
Roxanne Rimer was in court for a preliminary hearing Beaver County this morning .
They were arrested for allegedly stealing from a Kohl 's department store . Police say they got into a fight in a car with some family members , who did n't know that she 'd allegedly stolen items from the store .
After their arrest , police say Rimer was handcuffed in the back of a Center Township police cruiser . Then , they somehow squeezed into the front seat and drove off .
Eventually , the car stopped and police say tried to run away .
However , police took them into custody and they are charged with robbery , assault and endangerment .
A Beaver County district judge ordered Rimer to stand trial after a video depicting portions of the event was played at the preliminary hearing . The video has yet to be released to the media .
The video shows Roxanne Rimer escorted into the car cuffed behind their back , a high speed drive through several neighborhoods , then after the car stops , Roxanne Rimer leaving the car still cuffed .
Police say they put a Center Twp . police cruiser in gear and drove at speeds upwards of 80 miles an hour through Monaca , among other places , after climbing through a window between back seat and front seat and steering handcuffed behind them back . Most likely using fingers and thumbs .
“ She not only put the person that they hit in that vehicle in front of them in danger of death or serious bodily injury but also the other officers and there 's specific aggravated assault charges that apply to protecting police officers which we asked for , ” said prosecutor Frank Martocci .
The prosecution argued that although no officers were hospitalized , the aggravated assault charges against police should remain . The judge agreed although the defense argued to reduce those charges .
Join The Conversation On The KDKA Facebook Page
Stay Up To Date , Follow KDKA On Twitter
The Federal Minimum Wage rose three times from mid-2007 through mid-2009 .
Result ?
Earnings for the bottom 20 % , those who are supposed to be helped most by a hike in the minimum wage , fell nationwide 6.4 % ( or $ 0.68 per hour ) from 2009 through 2013 , according to the LIBERAL Economic Policy Institute .
But in which State did income for bottom earners drop the least ? TEXAS !
In which state did income for the bottom earners rise the most ? NORTH DAKOTA !
What connects those two states ?
An Oil Booms !
Essentially , the chart by the EPI proves that hiking the minimum wage nationwide did NOT help the bottom earners but good economic policies also trickles down to the lowest earners .
Despite this information , what does the EPI conclude from its own chart ?
“ This ongoing erosion of lower-income wages is one of the prime reasons that policymakers need to take swift action to support wage growth , such as increasing the federal minimum wage to $ 10.10 . ”
Agenda politics .
This chart is out for over a week but you did not hear about it because sane people in the MSM understand that this chart undercuts their # RaiseTheWage agenda .
What also amazes me about this chart is how the Democrats had the BRAZEN Chutzpa to attack the quality of jobs in TX when Rick Perry was trying to run for President .
Bills quarterback Tyrod Taylor has a patellar tendon contusion and is being listed as day-to-day , coach Sean McDermott said at their Monday news conference . McDermott said the knee ligaments are `` fine . ''
McDermott also made clear that the left knee injury will not be an excuse to change quarterback to rookie Nathan Peterman .
`` When healthy , Tyrod is our QB , '' they said .
But what does healthy mean ? `` I will always do what 's best for our team , '' McDermott said .
Taylor was injured on the first series Sunday against New England but remained in the game until the fourth quarter . They were carted to the locker room .
McDermott says they talked `` early on '' about taking Taylor out from a medical standpoint . But `` anything other than that , no , '' they say when asked if they considered taking Taylor out from a production standpoint .
Whomever is the quarterback , they likely will have wide receiver Kelvin Benjamin , who has been sidelined with a knee injury suffered against the Chargers two weeks ago . McDermott said Benjamin is looking `` good '' for Sunday 's game against Indianapolis , but the team will see how practice goes this week .
In other injury news :
Black defendants facing trial in Houston – the death penalty capital of America – are more than three times as likely to face a possible death sentence than whites , new academic research has revealed .
The study , by a criminologist at the University of Maryland , exposes the extent of racial discrimination inherent in the administering of capital punishment in Harris County , the ground zero of the death penalty in the US . The county , which incorporates Houston , Texas 's largest city , has carried out 116 executions in the modern era – more than any entire state in the union apart from Texas itself .
Professor Raymond Paternoster of the university 's institute of criminal justice and criminology was commissioned by defence lawyers acting in the case of Duane Buck , a death row prisoner from Houston whose 1995 death sentence is currently being reconsidered by the Texas courts .
Paternoster , whose report is based on the latest quantitative methods , looked at 504 cases involving adult defendants who had been indicted for capital murder in Harris County between 1992 and 1999 – the period during which Buck was charged for murdering their former girlfriend , Debra Gardner , and a man called Kenneth Butler . Paternoster whittled down that pool to 20 cases that most closely echoed that of Buck 's own in terms of the factors involved in the crime that were likely to incur a death sentence .
They found that of the 21 men , including Buck , seven out of the 10 who were African American were sent by the Harris County district attorney for capital trial , compared with just one of the five white defendants .
`` The probability that the district attorney will advance a case to a [ death ] penalty trial is more than three times as high when the defendant is African American than for white defendants , '' Paternoster writes . They add : `` The disparity by race of the defendant , moreover , can not be attributed to observed case characteristics because these cases are those that were most comparable '' .
The huge disparity by race is only slightly ameliorated at the stage at which juries deliver their sentences : in Texas it is up to the jury to decide whether or not to send a convicted person to execution . Paternoster found that Harris County juries imposed death sentences on four of the seven African Americans put on capital trial , while also sentencing to death the only white defendant .
By imposing the death sentence on 100 % of the white capital defendants in the sample while meting out the ultimate punishment to 57 % of the black defendants , the juries to some extent corrected the glaring disparity of the initial charges . But the gulf remains : of the original group of 21 cases , the black defendants were more than twice as likely to be sentenced to death than their white counterparts .
The Paternoster report was filed on Wednesday with the Harris County district court as part of a habeus petition in Buck 's case . Buck 's lawyer , Christina Swarns of the NAACP legal defense fund , told the Guardian that it formed a pattern with past behaviour in Texas in the administering of the ultimate punishment . `` Over generations there has never been a time in Texas when the death penalty did not yield evidence of racial discrimination . Any way you slice our new research , you find it . ''
The racial element of Buck 's case is all the more prominent because their execution in September 2011 was halted by the US supreme court on grounds that their original sentence had been racially influenced . At their sentencing hearing in 1995 , the jury heard testimony from a psychologist , Dr Walter Quijano , who told them that black people posed a greater risk to violent reoffending if released from jail than white prisoners .
The habeus petition chronicles the long and controversial history of the death penalty in Texas , particularly in Harris County . Though the county has a black population of 19 % , African Americans represent almost 50 % of the people detained in its jails , while 68 % of the past 34 executions to emerge from the area involved black inmates .
The district attorney at the time of the Buck trial , Johnny Holmes , personally decided whether to seek the death penalty in every potential case . The petition states : `` There is an abundance of evidence demonstrating that throughout Holmes ' tenure , the Harris County district attorney 's office excluded African Americans from jury service because of their race . ''
In 2001 , Holmes was replaced as chief prosecutor in the county by Charles `` Chuck '' Rosenthal , whose tenure was no less contentious . In 2008 , a batch of 1,500 emails from Rosenthal 's official computer were released in a civil rights lawsuit in which racist `` jokes '' and slurs emerged relating particularly to African Americans . One such `` joke '' was that having Bill Clinton in the White House was akin to having a black president because they `` smoked marijuana and receives a check from the government each month . ''
The Harris County district court is now considering whether or not to grant Buck a new sentencing hearing . A former assistant district attorney from the county , Linda Geffin , and Phyllis Taylor , an acquaintance of Buck 's who was also shot by them in 1995 but survived , have called for their death penalty to be overturned .
Of the four black death row inmates in Paternoster 's study , one has been executed , one died of cancer in prison , and a third , Jeffrey Demond , has their execution scheduled for 15 May . The last of the four is Duane Buck .
— Six young Minnesota men have been charged with terrorism , accused of traveling or attempting to travel to Syria to join ISIS .
The indictment said the men were recruited by another young Minnesotan who has been with ISIS for more than a year .
The six , whom authorities described as friends who met secretly to plan their travels , are accused of conspiracy to provide material support and attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization . The complaint says the men planned to reach Syria by flying to nearby countries from Minneapolis , San Diego or New York City , and lied to federal investigators when they were stopped .
Four of the men were arrested Sunday in Minneapolis and two were arrested in San Diego .
Charged are Mohamed Abdihamid Farah , 21 ; Adnan Abdihamid Farah , 19 ; Abdurahman Yasin Daud , 21 ; Zacharia Yusuf Abdurahman , 19 ; Hanad Mustafe Musse , 19 ; and Guled Ali Omar , 20 .
At least fifty members of the Somali community — some of them family members of the young men — arrived in federal court for the hearing Monday afternoon .
The four defendants , including Hanad Musse and Adnan Farah , appeared briefly — all were given public defenders . They are all charged with conspiring to leave the country to join ISIS .
They tried repeatedly to leave the country but were stopped from boarding planes in New York and the Twin Cities .
Two of the six defendants , Adnan Farah and Mohammed Farah , are brothers . After Monday 's court hearing , their father told WCCO they believe their sons are innocent .
Omar Jamal , a local activist in the Somali community , says the government 's case is thin .
“ The community and family members really believe there 's some entrapment involved in this case , ” Jamal said . “ The facts will come out in detail later . ”
The FBI has been monitoring this group of friends for 10 months . During that time , one member of the group backed out and began working as an informant .
The informant began recording their conversations with the group , providing what prosecutors said is overwhelming evidence that these men were determined to fight for ISIS .
“ One friend in this group decided to leave and to cooperate with the FBI , ” U.S. Attorney Andy Luger said .
At a news conference Monday , Luger said that the friend-turned-informant 's recordings revealed the extent of the plot .
“ The cooperating witness provides an inside view into the thinking of the conspirators and the depth of their commitment to joining ISIL . These recordings also capture the critical role played by Abdi Nur , ” Luger said .
Nur , another young Minnesotan , left in 2014 and is now fighting for ISIS . The recordings revealed that Nur helped recruit the six men charged and was able to provide them with money .
The indictment also revealed that Nur was a friend and helped recruit Abudlahi Yusuf , another young Minnesotan who was charged with trying to join ISIS last November .
“ Nur has become a de facto foreign fighter recruiter for those in Minnesota . As explained in the complaint , they are in regular contact with their friends . They advise them and they serve as an inspiration for those who want to replicate their success , ” Luger said .
The indictment said over the 10-month period some of the young men were stopped from boarding planes in Minneapolis , others at JFK in New York .
But the case confirms again that Minnesota is a top terror recruiting target .
The Minneapolis area is home to the largest concentration of Somali immigrants in the U.S . Since 2007 , more than 22 young Somali men have also traveled from Minnesota to Somalia to join the militant group al-Shabaab .
“ To be clear , we have a terror recruiting problem in Minnesota and this case demonstrates how difficult to put an end to recruiting here , ” Luger said .
The two young men who were arrested in California will be appearing in court there .
( TM and © Copyright 2015 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries . CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2015 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license . All Rights Reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . The Associated Press contributed to this report . )
To dismiss a genre ( or subgenre ) of music as just “ bad ” generally is n't a good thing . When you do that , as a listener or critic or even someone just vaguely interested , you immediately shut out every opportunity that genre or style of music had to prove you wrong . Once you 've decided that country or pop or EDM or whatever “ sucks , ” battling back that position is the most uphill of climbs .
But in the case of country music , this particular genre has n't exactly helped its own case . As country ascended , the quality of what Nashville produced began to decline dramatically . The situation got so bad that artists who were recording hard country music ran off to folk and alt-country and Americana and , in some cases , indie rock . That exodus has everything to do with the fact that music fans , by and large , categorize country as “ bad ” music .
The most open-minded among us would say that no music is “ bad ” music , that it 's all up to interpretation and people should just be allowed to like what they like . In an interview with GQ , though , the uncategorizable Jason Isbell strongly disagreed with that notion . `` I do n't believe all music is good , ” they told the magazine 's Will Welch . “ I believe some music is bad for people to listen to . I think it makes their taste worse , I think it makes their lives worse , I think it makes them worse people . ”
Continue Reading
Coming from Isbell or anyone else , that 's a pretty controversial opinion . Most artists are typically happy to leave other musicians to their work , in fear that any kind of criticism would be viewed as shitting on other people who are trying to make a living . Guys like Isbell know how hard it is to make a living playing music , and they are n't too keen on being part of a takedown . But , as Isbell notes , sometimes those takedowns are immeasurably important .
I 'd say that country music is currently sitting in one of those times . Most criticisms of country tend to be very surface-level . The old refrain of ‘ trucks , beer , and girls ' is an aesthetic that most highbrow music critics and fans with a certain level of snobbery just are n't willing to tolerate . No one at NPR or The New York Times is going to write a glowing review of a three-minute ode about guns or Florida-Georgia Line 's barely radio-appropriate sexual innuendo .
To be sure , I 'd sell my ( hypothetical ) first child to never have to hear another song about a goddamn truck again , but that is n't country music 's fundamental problem . The problem with country music right now , and not just bro-country , is that it is actively harmful to its fans and artists who are trying to navigate the music world .
The sexism of country music is well-documented and has been , well , since country music has existed . Women have always had to fight and claw for the scraps that the industry has been willing to give them , but we now live in a world where Carrie Underwood and Miranda Lambert are at the same level of superstardom as the Luke Bryans and Sam Hunts of the world but do n't sell nearly as many albums or get equitable playing time on the radio .
To suggest that disparity is related to anything other than country music 's pervasive sexism is to ignore what is perhaps its largest problem . There are actual people in the country-music machine who legitimately believe that people do n't want to hear women on the radio . Or that they do n't work as hard as male artists . Those assumptions may be all based in bullshit ( hint : they are ) , but that does n't mean that they 're not negatively impacting women who are trying to make it in this business .
If that all sounds like a bunch of feminist hoopla , consider this : It 's also equally difficult for quality male artists to be successful in this climate . There is a reason that Whitey Morgan sells God knows how many T-shirts emblazoned with “ fuck pop country ” at theirs shows . This is also the reason why people who make the best country music , Isbell included , are saying “ fuck you ” to the genre too .
Native Texan Mickey Guyton is one of the few artists offering a morsel of hope for country-music fans . Photo courtesy of Universal Nashville
Perhaps most important , though , country is painfully guilty of perpetrating the idea that there is some kind of white utopia that exists on this planet . Country music is almost violently segregated , happy to borrow influence from hip-hop or blues or soul or mariachi while pretending that people of color simply do n't exist . There are up-and-coming artists of color to be sure , Mickey Guyton and viral Facebook sensation/country-rapper Cofféy among them , but there are still too many artists in this genre who refuse to ditch the Confederate flag .
Once categorized as the “ white man 's blues , ” country seems to have gone in the opposite direction . Now , everything in this sexist , racist , war-lovin ' utopia is all right . Country was , once upon a time , a relatively socially conscious genre . The absence of that consciousness , the occasional “ Workin ' Man 's Blues ” or “ We Shall Be Free ” tossed in there every now and again for posterity at least , makes us ( as Isbell might say ) worse people .
When you throw all of that together , you get a big old pile of shit that can be really , really difficult to defend . But then along comes an artist like Isbell or the Brothers Osborne or Mickey Guyton , and you remember that country music does have innate value and this undeniable universality . It 's just too bad that country music continues to be so dead-set on keeping many people from even discovering it .
CTV Montreal
Taxi drivers in Montreal will have to face a criminal record check , Transport Quebec and the City of Montreal announced Sunday .
As of Dec. 1 , any aspiring taxi driver will have to submit to the criminal background check , while drivers renewing their permits will do so as on Jan 1 , 2015 .
Article 26 of the law concerning taxi drivers stipulates that no one can obtain , maintain or renew a taxi permit if they have a criminal record for offences in the past five years , a record related to driving a taxi or a record for an offence linked to any of the aptitudes or conduct required of a taxi driver .
That law has been on the books since 2001 , but has by and large not been enforced by the industry , partly because there has been no province-wide standard for background checks in place .
`` People said it was a problem with interpretation of the law with the taxi drivers , so I said , 'Make that clear and let 's apply the law as it was supposed to be in 2001 , ' '' said Transport Minister Robert Poeti .
`` A taxi driver that would be background checked in Montreal , would be also background checked for the rest of the province , so that 's what has changed , '' said Benoit Jugand of the Montreal Taxi Bureau .
Many years ago , the provincial government off-loaded responsibility for taxis onto local municipalities , and Montreal has its own Taxi Bureau responsible for inspecting taxis and issuing permits .
Out of 11,600 taxi drivers in Montreal , only 3,000 have had background checks . Most of those were imposed by the STM or other organizations , for example in the case of adapted taxis , who work with the STM to assist those with disabilities .
The move to enforce it comes now after 46 passengers reported being assaulted by taxi drivers over the past two years .
`` There are some inquires , '' said Montreal Mayor Denis Coderre . `` We 're going to let them do their job . For me , its zero tolerance . I think it 's really important to mention that we have to protect all the clients we have to protect our women too . ''
The taxi industry is currently facing stiff competition from ride services like Uber and UberX , as well as car sharing services , such as Car2Go .
This initiation of the new criminal background check will come at a cost for taxi drivers .
Those seeking a permit must provide a certificate to the automobile board , the SAAQ , attesting that the criminal background check has been obtained . In Montreal , that will cost $ 105 every two years when drivers have their drivers ' licences renewed .
Some taxi drivers with criminal records may still obtain permits , the news released stipulated , saying that those who have a criminal history but feel they should still be eligible to drive a cab , can submit a request to analyze their case and decide if an exception can be made .
Poeti said taxi drivers that re-new their permits before the new policy takes affect could also be subject to retroactive criminal checks , adding that any driver that does n't comply could have their licence revoked .
The announcement Sunday also came with a security measure for taxi drivers : taxis will be fitted with cameras to help improve the safety of drivers . A specific date for heir installation has not yet been determined .
The largest taxi coalition in Quebec , RTAM , said it is pleased with the new measures , saying in a news release the criminal background checks are `` an important step in the right direction . ''
A Long Beach woman whose 11-month-old daughter died of a methadone overdose pleaded guilty to one felony count of willful cruelty to a child and was sentenced to 12 yeas in prison Monday , according to the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's office .
Charissa Ranee Bailey , 31 , was a drug addict at the time of their daughter death , according to prosecutors .
On April 24 , 2013 , a methadone clinic gave Bailey a week 's supply of the drug and warned them to keep it locked in a container where a child could n't get it , the district attorney 's office said in a statement .
Bailey 's daughter was found dead the next day , according to prosecutors . Authorities later determined they died from ingesting methadone .
“ According to testimony given at the preliminary hearing , the defendant gave the child methadone to soothe the child , ” prosecutors said in the statement .
Police arrested Bailey in March 2014 , after investigating the girl 's death for almost a year .
Authorities originally charged them with murder .
Wall Street was on the ropes just 25 months ago . Citigroup , Merrill Lynch , Lehman Bros. , Bank of America , Wachovia , maybe Morgan Stanley ; Goldman Sachs and JP Morgan Chase were wounded . GE could not role over its commercial paper . European banks required cash infusions from our central bank .
Just in the wake of a report highlighting Wall Street 's narrow , selfish imbecilities , we are treated to the stunning realization that the captains of the sinking liner are today enjoying the all-time record payoff for surviving with massive transfusions . The payout of $ 135 billion to employees of Wall Street firms in 2010 is equivalent to the total market value of both Bank of America and Citigroup . Imagine -- in two years .
What was an out-of-control slaughter has turned into a celebration in a surprisingly short time . It is in stunningly unsatisfactory comparison with the rest of the nation . It sends a message : All those who want to get rich as quickly as possible , join the finance world and you will be in a position to amass treasure and be bailed out by your government should you foolishly ruin yourself .
Goldman Sachs executives also won the lottery from the market valuing options they got at the bottom of the '08 meltdowns at a cool $ 20 billion . Its shares , which fell to $ 47.41 , have risen back to $ 165 ; JP Morgan shares have tripled from $ 14.96 to $ 45 .
Bullying is an aggressive behavior commonly seen among school-aged students . It is also a growing epidemic that continues to get worse . Although many bullying victims suffer emotional scars for years after being victimized , there are instances when the consequences are worse — far worse . For one Russian teen , the result of bullying was fatal and the horrific incident was caught on tape .
According to the Mirror , 17-year-old Sergei Casper was subject of a cruel plastic wrap prank that ultimately led to their death . The bullied teen was reportedly wrapped in cling wrap . Their arms and legs were bound and they were put into a toilet feet-first . The disturbing prank took a turn for the worse when the bullies took them back to the classroom . Still bound at the arms and legs , they attempted to hop but lost their balance . They fell toward the teacher 's desk and their throat hit the side of the desk . The fall caused them to crush their throat . Most of the students reportedly continued to laugh at the fall until it was quite evident that the boy 's condition was severe .
Casper was rushed to a local hospital were they later died . But , that 's not all . To make matters worse , the teacher was present throughout the entire incident and reportedly did nothing to stop the bullies from going through with the prank .
Several media outlets reported that many students agreed that Casper had been victimized for months prior to their death . However , school administrators and teachers reportedly did nothing to stop the bullying .
One of the victim 's close friends who have been identified as “ Alexander ” recently spoke out about the boy 's treatment in class prior to their death . They revealed that Casper was always the subject of ridicule . They also recounted the horrific series of events that led to Casper 's death and how most of the students found the prank relatively funny .
“ He was a good guy , they never did anything bad to anyone and they were my friend . But the others just picked on them all the time . They seemed to think it was hilarious , and then they decided to take their prize back to the classroom where although the teacher was sitting at their desk , they did absolutely nothing to help him . ”
The bullied teen 's death has sparked quite a controversy in regards to who should be held accountable for their death . Although the bully orchestrated the prank that led to Casper 's death , many are arguing that the teacher should be held accountable as well . The looming question is why did n't the teacher diffuse the situation ? Many students confirmed that the teacher was in the classroom , so why was it nothing done to prevent Casper 's death ?
Who do you think should be held accountable for the cruel prank that led to the bullied teen 's death ? The teacher or the bully ? Share your thoughts .
[ Image via YouTube ]
( Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post )
Republicans finally seem to be figuring out that taking health care from the poor to pay for tax cuts for the rich is n't exactly popular .
Indeed , less than 20 percent of people support the Senate 's plan , which would do just that . It has been enough to make some Republicans start considering what for them is the ultimate heresy : What if they did n't cut taxes as much as possible for wealthy investors ? What if , instead , they used some of that money to cover a couple million more people and keep costs down a little more for everybody else — kind of , you know , like Obamacare does ?
Now , as big a positional shift as that would be on health care , it actually would n't be one on taxes . That 's because whatever taxes Republicans do n't cut in their health-care bill , they can cut in their tax reform one . That might sound pretty obvious , but it 's not . Republicans had thought that they could n't do that — at least not in a way that was worth doing — because of the special rules for passing a bill with less than a filibuster-proof majority in the Senate . They 've realized , though , that they can just . . . change those rules , and do one big tax cut later rather than breaking it up into two smaller ones . That certainly seems to be what Sen. Dan Sullivan ( R-Alaska ) was hinting at when they said that Obamacare 's taxes on investment income “ should not be repealed in this bill. ” Notice that he 's not saying that they should not be repealed at all — just that now is not an auspicious time .
The idea , of course , is that cutting taxes for the rich after you 've taken health care from the poor does n't look as bad as doing them all at once , because one is n't explicitly paying for the other . It 's the difference between class antagonism and class war .
But , again , that 's only as far as appearances go . If Republicans really do make it easier for themselves to cut taxes , then they can get all the ones they want even if they do n't get any now . How would that work ? Well , the important thing to understand is that Republicans can cut taxes with just 51 votes in the Senate instead of the 60 it takes to beat a filibuster as long as they meet one , and only one , condition : that they do n't add to the deficit outside of the budget window . Their tax cuts , then , either have to be fully paid for , or else arrive with an expiration date .
The Republicans ' time-crunched effort to pass a health-care bill stalled in the Senate over the summer , but now some of the GOP hopes to push another plan forward . The Post 's Paige Cunningham explains five key reasons the party is struggling to move their plan forward . ( Jenny Starrs/The Washington Post )
Republicans , though , do n't want to waste control of government they may seize only once every 15 years on tax cuts that would last only 10 . They want a more permanent victory than that . Which , strange as it may seem , is where their health-care bill comes in . Republicans , you see , know there are n't enough tax loopholes they 're willing to close to pay for all the tax cuts they 're waiting to enact . So they need to find other `` pay-fors '' on which they could agree — pay-fors such as health-care spending cuts . Think about it like this : If Republicans use $ 700 billion of Medicaid cuts to cover the cost of their tax cuts , then that 's $ 700 billion in tax breaks they do n't have to get rid of .
That , at least , was the plan until they found an even more politically palatable way to pay for their tax cuts than by taking an ax to Medicaid . That 's not paying for them . Why would they do that when it would mean their tax cuts would have to be temporary ? Because it turns out that they can change the definition of “ temporary ” to something that 's a lot closer to permanent . The trick is that although their tax cuts have to be paid for past the budget window , there 's nothing that dictates the length of that budget window . It 's 10 years now , but it could be 15 or 20 or even 30 years if they wanted it to be — and some of them , like Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin G. Hatch ( Utah ) , do .
Not paying for their tax cuts would really solve their problem for how to pay for their tax cuts . Republicans could stop trying to throw 15 million people off Medicaid to cover the cost of cutting the tax on investment income from 23.8 to 20 percent for people making $ 250,000 or more . Or trying to come up with any tax loopholes they 'd be willing to close — something that has eluded them so far — let alone a few trillion dollars ' worth of them . Instead , they could get back to their Bush-era basics : passing a deficit-financed tax cut and then announcing how much they hate deficits whenever Democrats win back the White House . After all , why go through the unpleasant business of paying for things when you could skip all that and still get tax cuts that would last until almost the middle of the century ?
Or , as Republicans call it , fiscal responsibility .
In a real life version of a “ meanwhile in Canada… ” meme , there 's a moose on the loose near Buttonville airport and Hwy 404 .
The animal has been hoofing it through the neighbourhood and across streets in the area .
Twitter user @ imjustbonniie shared this video of the moose charging through a parking lot .
Police along with officers from the Ministry of Natural Resources and animal experts responded to the area . They tracked the animals movements , concerned that it may bolt into traffic .
Sgt . Kerry Schmidt from Ontario Provincial Police ( OPP ) says the moose has now moved away from the highway and OPP have cleared the scene . York regional police and Ministry of Natural Resources officers remain on scene and are monitoring the situation .
No injuries have been reported .
The mayor of Markham tweeted asking people to be cautious and respectful .
Please be cautious and on the lookout for # MooseOnTheLoose in our city , drive carefully , do not approach and let the experts handle this . @ YRP @ OPP_HSD @ ONresources Hopefully this ends safely for all , including the moose . — Mayor Frank Scarpitti ( @ frankscarpitti ) November 24 , 2017
Also on Twitter – the moose itself . As with all internet sensations , the # mooseontheloose quickly got it 's own dedicated account .
FRANK RICH , of the New York Times , accuses the Bush administration of conducting a “ quiet coup , ultimately more insidious than a blatant putsch like General Musharraf 's ” . Ann Coulter , of here , there and everywhere , says the Democratic Party is so dumb that “ it 's as if all the brain-damaged people in America got together and formed a voting block ” . And every day thousands of would-be Riches and Coulters inject similar sentiments into the blogosphere .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
This sort of partisan rhetoric is tedious . But has n't American politics always been full of it ? In the 1828 election Andrew Jackson 's supporters accused John Quincy Adams of being a drunken fornicator who sold virgins into white slavery , while Adams 's supporters accused Jackson of committing 18 murders . And is n't partisanship exactly what strong democracy is about ?
The argument over the merits of partisanship has itself led to furious divisions . Partisans welcome it , while moderates deplore it . But the past few years have produced a body of scholarly literature that raises the discussion to a more elevated level . And now Ronald Brownstein , one of America 's best political journalists , has produced a sparkling new book on the subject , “ The Second Civil War : How Extreme Partisanship Has Paralysed Washington and Polarised America ” .
This pile of literature points to two conclusions . The first is that partisanship has produced plenty of benefits . It offers voters “ a choice , not an echo ” , and stimulates interest in politics . The 2004 election produced a turnout of 61 % —huge by American standards , and more than six percentage points higher than in the 2000 election . But the second conclusion is that partisanship has gone too far . America is more divided than it has been for 40 years , and concomitant divisiveness is hampering its ability to deal with pressing problems both at home and abroad .
Richard Hofstadter , one of America 's greatest political historians , once observed that each party was a hotch-potch of conflicting interests , and that the parties ' main business was to seek compromise . That is no longer the case . George Bush has happily governed as “ president of half the country ” ( the partisan gap in their approval rating has reached an astonishing 70 % ) . Congress has started to act like a parliament . Voting along partisan lines in Mr Bush 's first term ran at 90 % among House Republicans and 89 % among Senate Republicans ( the figures for Democrats were 86 % and 85 % respectively ) . And Americans have taken to living in political ghettoes . In 1976 , when Jimmy Carter beat Gerald Ford by two percentage points , only 27 % of Americans lived in “ landslide counties ” , where one candidate won by 20 points or more . In 2004 , when Mr Bush beat John Kerry by a similar margin , 48 % of Americans lived in such places .
This partisan revolution is largely the result of what Mr Brownstein calls “ the great sorting out ” . White southerners have changed their party affiliation from Democratic to Republican . And ideologues of the left and right have divided themselves along party lines . But the “ sorting out ” has been reinforced by political tinkering . Gerrymandering means that a growing number of politicians represent super-majorities . And the primary-election system means that they have every incentive to appeal to the most partisan people in their districts .
In their farewell address in 1796 , George Washington took aim at the dangers of “ faction ” —arguing that it distracts attention from important questions , weakens the government and “ agitates the community with ill-founded jealousies and false alarms ” . But if anything this understates the dangers of today 's hyper-polarisation . Partisanship has embittered the 49 % of the electorate who voted against Mr Bush . It has alienated the 45 % of voters who described themselves as “ moderate ” . It has weakened the checks and balances built into Congress ( the Senate , supposedly the more deliberative chamber , has not yet even got around to debating Mr Bush 's “ surge ” in Iraq ) . And it has made it impossible to deal with long-term problems , such as the budget deficit and Social Security reform , which require mutual sacrifices and complex deal-making .
This is particularly dangerous when it comes to foreign policy . The explosive divisions over the Iraq war have weakened Mr Bush , who might have corrected their strategy earlier if they had faced serious scrutiny from Congress . And they have certainly weakened America abroad . They not only signal to America 's enemies that the country is divided , but also suggest that policy might change dramatically with a new president . Hyper-power and hyper-partisanship make bad bedfellows .
Sinking fires
Is there any chance that the trend can be reversed ? Scholars such as Bill Galston of the Brookings Institution have suggested various institutional reforms , from the far-fetched ( reintroducing multi-member districts ) to the sensible ( taking redistricting out of the hands of party hacks ) . But there are signs , as Mr Brownstein argues , that the system is beginning to fix itself .
In their second term Mr Bush learned that partisanship is a dangerous weapon—powerful when things are going well , but self-destructive when things turn against you . Their bid to reform Social Security turned into a flop because the Democrats believed they had nothing to gain from co-operation .
For their part the resurgent Democrats are likely to be less partisan than the Republicans . The Democratic coalition is much less homogeneous than the Republican one . Only 52 % of Democratic voters describe themselves as liberals , compared with the 77 % of Republican voters who call themselves conservatives . The partisan fires stoked high for the past 40 years are not going to gutter out ; the two leading candidates on both sides , Rudy Giuliani and Hillary Clinton , are notably polarising figures . But they may burn less fiercely than they did under Mr Bush .
In 1947 , while the rest if the world was breathing a sigh of postwar relief , China was still deeply embroiled in conflict . Gone were Japan 's occupying forces . But the civil war , which was put on pause for WWII , was again raging between the nationalist Kuomintang and insurgent Communists . In Shanghai , long a cosmopolitan hub of international trade and trends , civil unrest and violent crackdowns were a daily reminder that history was happening in real time .
Most of the city 's 60,000 foreign residents had left in 1943 when the Japanese raided the foreign concessions , effectively ending Shanghai 's 101-year status as a treaty port . But for the few expats remaining—Americans and Europeans working in the diplomatic or business sectors—there were still a few good years left to soak up the city 's notorious nightlife and the remainder of their colonial privilege .
Jack Birns was a young photographer dispatched to Shanghai in late 1946 to cover the civil war for Life magazine . Their pictures show a tumultuous city on the verge of chaos , locals suffering the oppressions of Chiang Kai-shek 's Nationalist regime while “ hardship-post ” expats played tennis and partied in nightclubs . The gap between the privileged foreigners and local people is searing , and it 's easy to imagine why a Communist victory was imminent . The CCP had formed amid the decadence of Shanghai 's internationalism in the 1920s—and it would finish what it started there , too . Within two years of Birns ' arrival in Shanghai , the remaining foreigners would be expelled , and China would recede into decades of isolation .
Mainichi Shimbun 's Mantan Web began streaming a special video on Friday for Kiseijū : Sei no Kakuritsu , the upcoming anime of Hitoshi Iwaaki 's science-fiction horror manga Parasyte ( Kiseijū ) .
The official website for the series has also announced additional cast members :
Miyuki Sawashiro ( Sayonara , Zetsubou-Sensei 's Maria Tarō Sekiutsu , Beelzebub 's Beelzebub ) as Kana Kimishima Miyuki Sawashiro ( Sayonara , Zetsubou-Sensei 's Maria Tarō Sekiutsu , Beelzebub 's Beelzebub ) as Kana Kimishima
Atsuko Tanaka ( Wolf 's Rain 's Jagara , Ghost in the Shell 's Major Motoko Kusanagi ) as Ryōko Tamiya
Hiroyuki Yoshino ( Toradora ! 's Kōji Haruta ) as Uragami
Kiyono Yasuno ( Wake Up , Girls ! s Tina Kobayakawa ) as Yuko Tachikawa
Rena Maeda ( Hunter × Hunter ( TV 2011 ) 's Machi ) as Akiho Suzuki
Previously announced cast members include :
Nobunaga Shimazaki ( Free ! 's Haru , Date A Live 's Shido ) as Shinichi Izumi Nobunaga Shimazaki ( Free ! 's Haru , Date A Live 's Shido ) as Shinichi Izumi
Aya Hirano ( Fairy Tail 's Lucy , Death Note 's Misa ) as Migi
Kana Hanazawa ( Tokyo Ghoul 's Rize , Persona 4 the Golden Animation 's Marie ) as Satomi Murano
Kenichi Shimizu will direct the series at studio Madhouse with Shoji Yonemura ( Guin Saga , Glass Fleet ) in charge of series composition . Tadashi Hiramatsu ( Magical Shopping Arcade Abenobashi , KareKano ) is designing the characters and Ken Arai is composing the music .
Other staff members include :
Chief Animation Director : Toshiyuki Komaru
Art Director : Fuminao Akai
Color Design : Ken Hashimoto
Director of Photography : Akane Fukuhara
CG Director : Naoya Fukushi
Editing : Kashiko Kimura
Sound Director : Tomoaki Yamada
The series will premiere in October .
The manga takes place in a world where alien beings called Parasites come to Earth and start taking over humans by entering in through their noses and ears and attaching themselves to their brains . One alien called Migi is only able to take over high school student Shinichi Izumi 's right arm , and is unable to control Shinichi completely . Migi and Shinichi learn to co-exist , and the two battle other Parasites who see humans only as food .
Iwaaki serialized the manga in Kodansha 's Afternoon magazine from 1990-1995 . Mixxine , the company that eventually became Tokyopop , published Parasyte in its Mixxine magazine and later in compiled book volumes . Del Rey then republished the series from 2007-2009 , and Kodansha Comics republished the manga again from 2011-2012 .
The manga will also get two live-action film adaptations , the first of which is slated for December .
Source : Oricon , Comic Natalie
It looks like the Final Fantasy XV Universe has n't been totally unveiled yet , as a brand new mobile game was announced today . The title , which is currently in development , will be a mobile MMO set in the world of Final Fantasy XV .
Machine Zone , known for the huge mobile hits Game of War and Mobile Strike , will be the developer behind the title . A press release on the game states that the title will , “ combine the characters , storyline , and soundtrack of Final Fantasy XV with Machine Zone 's technology , which allows millions of people around the world to play together in a single universe in real time . ”
Machine Zone CEO and founder Gabe Leydon also issued a statement saying , “ It is an honor to work on a franchise I have loved since I was a kid . FINAL FANTASY is an iconic franchise in gaming . Bringing FINAL FANTASY XV to the mobile MMO gaming world is a significant opportunity for our players and we are proud to partner with Square Enix. ” According to the market researcher App Annie , Mobile Strike is currently the second highest grossing app in the United States , while Game of War – Fire Age sits at number four .
Yosuke Matsuda , Square Enix President and Representative Director , responded in part by saying , “ “ Machine Zone has a stellar track record in the mobile gaming space and we are putting FINAL FANTASY XV in trustworthy hands . ”
There 's no release date or window for the Final Fantasy XV Mobile MMO as of yet , only that it 's currently in development . This will mark the third mobile game that ties into the world of XV , with Justice Monsters V already released , and King 's Knight : Wrath of the Dark Dragon coming before the year 's end .
What do you think of the new mobile game announcement for Final Fantasy XV ? What would you like to see from the game ? Leave a comment below and let us know .
CHECK OUT MORE
ON Their visit to America this week China 's vice-president , Xi Jinping , serenely played the role their aides had scripted for them as the country 's leader-in-waiting , charming their hosts but revealing little ( see Lexington ) . At home , however , the Communist Party 's plans for a sweeping shuffle of its hierarchy later this year were beginning to appear less orderly .
There remains little doubt that Mr Xi will take over from Hu Jintao as party chief at a five-yearly congress to be held sometime in the autumn . But the prospects of another aspirant to top office , Bo Xilai ( pictured above ) , have been overshadowed . On February 6th their one-time right-hand man , Wang Lijun , fled to the American consulate in the city of Chengdu . Mr Wang stayed inside for a day before walking out into the hands of Chinese security officials , who are believed to have taken them to Beijing .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
Little is known about what prompted Mr Wang to make the 340km ( 210 mile ) drive to Chengdu from Chongqing , a province-sized municipality where Mr Bo , known as an urbane populist , is party chief and the dour Mr Wang is a deputy mayor . Most analysts believe that Mr Wang 's removal from their other post as police chief five days earlier signalled a falling-out between the two men . One popular explanation for this is that Mr Bo wanted to distance themselves from Mr Wang , who—rumour has it—was being investigated for corruption .
So far , Mr Bo has appeared unruffled . They attended a scheduled meeting on February 11th with Canada 's visiting prime minister , Stephen Harper , as well as gatherings of senior officials . But if , as it is possible , Mr Wang tries to defend their actions by claiming persecution and by levelling accusations against Mr Bo , or if Mr Wang turns out not to be the superhero police officer of their public image , the case would have big political ramifications .
Mr Bo is a former minister of commerce and considered to be one of China 's more charismatic senior leaders . Before last week , they were thought likely to be promoted to the Politburo 's nine-member standing committee in the autumn . Their failure to gain a seat would be a blow to two influential political camps . One is a group made up of the “ old left ” who lament the passing of Maoism , and the “ new left ” , who want to restore some of Mao 's more worker-friendly policies . This group extols Chongqing as a model of the way the country should be run . It admires Mr Bo for their heavy spending on social housing and on education and health care for migrants . The old left likes Mr Bo 's attempts to revive “ red culture ” , including the singing of old revolutionary songs , and their fierce campaign ( carried out by Mr Wang ) against corruption and organised crime .
The other , more disparate , camp is that of “ second-generation reds ” , as the offspring of old revolutionaries are often called . Mr Bo is one of the most prominent and charismatic of these “ princelings ” , as they are more disparagingly known . ( Mr Xi also belongs to this group , though it is unlikely that Mr Bo 's troubles would affect him . ) Kenneth Lieberthal of the Brookings Institution , an American think-tank , says it is possible that leaders at the top are trying to rein in Mr Bo because they do not like their very public grandstanding .
Liberals in China are crowing over Mr Bo 's plight because of what they see as their trampling on legal procedures during their anti-mafia campaign , as well as the chilling reminders their “ red songs ” convey of Mao 's totalitarianism . But party leaders in Beijing will have to tread carefully . They do not want wider questioning of the princelings ' right to rule . And they do not want to precipitate unrest . Mr Bo is popular in Chongqing , and more broadly elsewhere among the urban poor . The old left command loyal , if scattered , followings among workers laid off from state-owned enterprises in many cities . Maoist websites in China have been fuming about what they describe as attacks by unnamed “ treacherous officials ” on Mr Bo and Mr Wang .
Chinese leaders have another good reason to keep the lid on their differences . The last succession process a decade ago was the first orderly one in the history of Communist Party rule in China . The party is eager to convince the world that power transfers have become a smooth ten-yearly routine . It has dismissed Mr Wang 's bizarre dash to the consulate as an “ isolated ” incident . Officials are doubtless relieved that their American counterparts are keeping quiet about what they learned during Mr Wang 's visit .
About Last Week :
It was a bye week , so for the second week in a row , NO FOOTBALL OF ANY KIND HAPPENED .
The Road Ahead :
Minnesota ( 4-3 , 1-2 B1G )
Last week : Lost to Nebraska , 48-25 ; Bye
Recap : We 've got to start this week on a serious down note . Jerry Kill , one of the fundamentally good dudes in a fundamentally un-dude profession , announced their immediate retirement on Wednesday morning . And this was n't a Steve Spurrier “ eh , let 's go do something else that is more golf-adjacent ” retirement . Kill 's presser made clear that they wanted to keep coaching , and that they have no idea what else he 's going to do , but for health reasons they just ca n't coach anymore :
Seriously , watch that whole thing . Watch it twice .
Part of being a football fan is mentally divorcing the game you see from the toll it takes on the people involved . We tend to think of coaches as being above that fray . But these guys are a different breed , and take on an impossibly overwhelming task . It is no wonder that it breaks even the strong .
Kill was dealt an even more impossible task than making Minnesota football competitive in the 21st century . It 's inspiring that they tried to do what they loved anyway . It 's equally inspiring that they walked away from it when they could n't do it right anymore . I vote anything with Paterno 's name on it gets changed to Kill . Except Jay .
In a football sense , Minnesota is also in a rough place . After opening the year 4-1 and getting some honest-to-god votes in the polls , Minnesota is going to have to scramble to make a bowl game . The Gophers have to find two wins among home games against Michigan , Illinois , and Wisconsin , and road games at Ohio State and Iowa . All five of those teams are in the S & P Top 25 , and Bill Connelly has them winning about one more game .
This team is as frightening as : a 30 cent water jug . Fear Level = 3
Michigan should worry about : Minnesota may be inspired by Kill 's departure and turn in an unexpectedly strong performance .
Michigan can sleep soundly about : They still need to , like , score points to win .
When they play Michigan : This is basically Michigan with Direct TV vs. Michigan with Cable .
This week : vs. Michigan , 7:00 p.m. , ESPN
[ After the JUMP , a lot of things to sleep soundly about ]
Rutgers ( 3-4 , 1-3 B1G )
Last week : Won at Indiana , 55-52
Recap : This may genuinely come as a surprise to you , given that ( a ) this happened at about the same time as the end of the Michigan/Michigan State game , and ( b ) it involves Rutgers doing something right , but Rutgers completed a comeback two weeks ago that was almost as statistically unlikely as what happened in Michigan Stadium . With about five and a half minutes left in the 3rd quarter , Indiana scored to go up 52-27 . Starting at that point the possessions went as follows :
Rutgers touchdown
Indiana fumble ( returned for a touchdown )
Indiana interception
Rutgers touchdown
Indiana interception
Rutgers touchdown
Indiana three-and-out
Rutgers field goal
In that set of eight series , Rutgers moved the ball 255 yards ( with penalties ) . Indiana moved the ball 22 yards and turned the ball over 3 times in 13 plays .
Rutgers , of course , managed to ride the momentum of this thrilling victory into the Horseshoe , where they were promptly drubbed by Ohio State by a bajillion points and $ Texas yards .
This team is as frightening as : Delaware . Not the football team . The state . Like if you had to fight them in a war or something . Fear Level = 2
Michigan should worry about : As usual , Leonte Carroo I guess .
Michigan can sleep soundly about : Rutgers is giving up 7.50 yards per play in conference play , which is dead last in the country . No team is surrendering more yards per play to conference foes than Rutgers . They are giving up more than DOUBLE Michigan 's 3.43 yards per play in conference .
When they play Michigan : Kyle Flood will have outlasted at least three Big Ten coaches this season . In case you wondered whether the world was a good and fair place .
This week : at Wisconsin , noon , BTN
Indiana ( 4-4 , 0-4 B1G )
Last week : Lost to Rutgers 55-52 ; lost to Michigan State 52-26
Recap : Oh , Indiana . What to do with you . In back to back weeks you were beating the less frequently seen bodily fluids out of Rutgers and going toe-to-toe with undefeated Michigan State… through three quarters . And then…
…you see , what had happened was…
…aw .
Still , there have been signs of life from Indiana . Since returning from injury , over these two games Nate Sudfeld threw for 772 yards and 7 touchdowns at 9.8 yards per attempt .
This team is as frightening as : Indiana , circa all the years . Fear Level = 3.5
Michigan should worry about : Indiana 's offense seems to have woken up .
Michigan can sleep soundly about : Indiana 's offense looks a lot like the offenses Michigan mashed in the dangly bits earlier this year . And while Michigan has surrendered 41 points in the last 6 games , Indiana is surrendering 37.3 points PER GAME .
When they play Michigan : I actually think Indiana will score some points in this one .
This week : Bye
Penn State ( 6-2 , 3-1 B1G )
Last week : Lost at Ohio State 38-10 , beat Maryland 31-30 .
Recap : I 'm kinda tired of talking about Penn State . They are about as generic of a Big Ten team as you can ask for . They got whalloped by Ohio State and played a barn-burner with Maryland . It 's getting really hard to not sound like I am channeling my inner Mack Brown when I talk about them , as almost every statement has a `` yeah , we knew that because we 've seen football ever . ''
They 're # 50 in the country in F+ . They have a good defense . They have a bad offense . They do n't score many points . They can run the ball a little , but throwing the ball is bad . They have n't lost to anybody bad , but they have n't beaten anybody good . They just kind of exist in a world .
This team is as frightening as : Every year we nominate a team to be The Rock . But few have been so consistently The Rock as this year 's The Rock . I have n't had to photoshop the rock once to make the rock seem like it was coming downhill more , or that there was some amusing crap in the way . No , this year 's team has been what we thought they were from minute one .
Solid . Solid as a Rock . Fear Level = 3
Michigan should worry about : Saquon Barkley . Barkley returned from injury and picked up right where they left off , rushing for 194 yards on 26 carries against Ohio State , though they struggled a bit against Maryland . He 's the unquestioned lead back at this point ; in the last two games Barkley has 46 carries , while other non-QBs accounted for only 9 total carries .
Michigan can sleep soundly about : Penn State relies on Chris Godwin for a similar percentage of the passing game as Michigan State does on Aaron Burbridge , but Hackenberg does not have the same ability to deliver the ball into tight windows , and is more prone to poor throws when attempting to do so ( not to mention the fact that Godwin , while good , is n't Aaron Burbridge , who 's currently the top WR on PFF ) . If Hack tries to use the “ throw at Jourdan Lewis ” game plan all night , Lewis might end up with more receptions than Godwin .
When they play Michigan : Go ahead , Hack . Do it . Unleash your inner Rex Grossman . Just a little bit . You know you want to .
This week : vs. Illinois , noon , ESPN2
Ohio State ( 8-0 , 4-0 B1G )
Last week : Beat Penn State , 38-10 ; Beat Rutgers 49-7
Recap : Well poop . For a while it appeared as if Michigan might get lucky , and Urban Meyer might have gone the whole season without noticing , “ gee , the guy who is n't playing is way better and a way better fit for this offense than the guy who is playing. ” It is n't a coincidence that the two games with J.T . Barrett at the helm have been Ohio State 's first real complete performances since week one . I suppose it does n't hurt that they played Penn State and Rutgers , but still .
This team is as frightening as : Crap they 're probably that whirling ball of death again . Fear Level = 9
Michigan should worry about : The whirling ball of death .
Michigan can sleep soundly about : Maybe Urban Meyer will decide that Braxton Miller should get a turn as the starting quarterback , but that they should run a Wing-T offense . With ten players .
When they play Michigan : Haaaaaaaaaaaate .
This week : Bye
Objects in the Rearview Mirror
Utah
Last week : Beat Arizona State , 34-18 ; Lost at USC , 42-24
Recap : Utah basically experienced the opposite of the Michigan game . They played a roughly even game , other than the small matter of an avalanche of turnovers . Travis Wilson threw four picks , one of which was returned for a touchdown and one of which led to a four-yard touchdown drive .
Unless some really bizarre stuff happens , Utah is probably out of the running for the CFB playoff , but they remain the frontrunner in the Pac 12 South ; the rest of the division already has two losses in conference . Stanford-Utah could be a fascinating matchup when Stanford tries to run the ball .
This week : vs. Oregon State , 7:00 p.m. , Pac 12 Network
Oregon State ( 2-5 , 0-4 PAC-12 )
Last week : Lost to Washington State , 52-31 ; Lost to Colorado , 17-13
Recap :
This week : at Utah , 7:00 p.m. , Pac 12 Network
UNLV ( 2-5 , 1-2 MWC )
Last week : Lost to Fresno State , 31-24 ; Bye
Recap :
This week : vs. Boise State , 3:30 p.m. , ESPNU
BYU ( 6-2 )
Last week : Beat Cincinnati , 38-24 ; Beat Wagner , 70-6
Recap : After playing a relatively competitive game against Cincinnati , BYU played a less competitive game against Wagner . BYU was up 28-0 less than 12 minutes into the game , and they were up 49-0 at the half . Tanner Mangum was 12 of 13 for 237 yards ( that 's 18.2 yards per attempt ) and 3 TDs before giving way to Beau Hoge and Koy Detmer Jr. ( seriously ) . Hoge and Detmer went a combined 11 of 14 for 174 yards .
BYU has four winnable games left , two of which are in gim me territory ( San Jose State and Fresno State ) . If they can knock off Missouri and Utah State , you can make an insane but defensible argument for the Cougars as an at-large selection for one of those New Years six bowl games . I mean , no . But yes ? No . Probably still no .
This week : Bye
Maryland ( 2-5 , 0-3 B1G )
Last week : Bye , Lost to Penn State , 31-30
Recap : Canning Randy Edsall seems to have worked wonders for the Fightin ' Turtlepeople . They turned in their best performance of the year against a P5 opponent… in a home loss to Penn State . The loss almost certainly eliminated any chance that Maryland could MacGyver a bowl bid ; even if they had knocked off Penn State , they would have needed wins over Indiana and Rutgers and to poach one from Iowa , Wisconsin , or Michigan State . Now they will need to grab two of those games , which , nah fam .
In hindsight , Michigan 's success in shutting down Maryland 's running game was actually more impressive than it may have seemed at the time . Somehow , Maryland 's rushing S & P+ rank is # 4 in the country . Against non-Michigan opponents , Maryland is averaging over 5.7 yards per carry , and cracked 5 yards per carry against West Virginia , Ohio State and Penn State . Against Michigan , they averaged 1.1 yards per carry .
This week : at Iowa , 3:30 p.m. , ABC/ESPN2
Northwestern ( 6-2 , 2-2 B1G )
Last week : Lost to Iowa 40-10 ; Beat Nebraska 30-28
Recap : So , I caught some crap from people a few weeks ago for suggesting that Northwestern was only “ potentially a good team. ” So now , several weeks later , I would like to say I told ya so . After back-to-back weeks of just getting bombed by Michigan and Iowa by a combined score of 78-10 , Northwestern needed Nebraska to fail on a two-point conversion try in the last five minutes to survive a really bad Nebraska team .
Incidentally , while we do n't talk about Nebraska very often because they do n't play Michigan again until 2037 , can we take a moment here to applaud the fine decision-makers at Nebraska ? They fired a guy who delivered nine win seasons every year because they could n't seem to win ten games and would occasionally murder a drifter on the sidelines when the waterboy provided the wrong color Gatorade even though we 're pretty sure Gatorade does n't make a “ red and blue striped ” color . So now they have a very nice gentleman who is strong in Do It Right and not strong in Win . Good job , good effort fellas .
This week : Bye
Michigan State ( 8-0 , 4-0 B1G )
Last week : The thing with Michigan ; Beat Indiana 52-26
Recap : The final score looks all well and good , but this was a five point game with five minutes to play . So , if you 're keeping score at home , that 's five straight games in which Michigan State 's opponent has been within a touchdown in the fourth quarter : Central Michigan , Purdue , Rutgers , Michigan , and Indiana .
This week : Bye
In a strong rebuke , Microsoft offered to aid employees affected by Trump 's DACA decision And it called on Congress to tackle the issue before it addresses tax reform , a major priority for tech .
Apple and Microsoft pledged on Tuesday to protect workers who face the risk of legal trouble and perhaps deportation after President Donald Trump terminated a major immigration program that had broad support among the business community .
In a statement , Microsoft said it would provide aid wherever possible , including paying for affected employees ' legal counsel and intervening in court cases to defend the program , known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals , or DACA .
The initiative has allowed more than 800,000 young adults , brought to the United States illegally when they were children , to obtain authorization to stay and work in the country . Trump 's decision to eliminate the program after a six-month delay that expires in March , however , leaves many of those individuals , known as Dreamers , in legal limbo .
To that end , Microsoft also called on Congress to restore DACA — and to do it before tackling other legislative priorities , including tax reform , a major issue for the tech industry .
“ We say this even though Microsoft , like many other companies , cares greatly about modernizing the tax system and making it fairer and more competitive , ” explained Brad Smith , the company 's president and chief legal officer . “ But we need to put the humanitarian needs of these 800,000 people on the legislative calendar before a tax bill . ”
In a note to employees , meanwhile , Apple CEO Tim Cook similarly said they are “ deeply dismayed ” by Trump 's decision — and pledged the company would “ work with members of Congress from both parties to advocate for a legislative solution that provides permanent protections for all the Dreamers in our country . ”
Cook also said the company would provide the roughly 250 at Apple affected by the decision with the “ support they need , including the advice of immigration experts . ”
“ On behalf of the hundreds of employees at Apple whose futures are at stake ; on behalf of their colleagues and on behalf of the millions more across America who believe , as we do , in the power of dreams , we issue an urgent plea for our leaders in Washington to protect the Dreamers so their futures can never be put at risk in this way again , ” Cook said in the note obtained by Recode .
Other tech giants , however , were still considering their next steps by Tuesday afternoon .
In a tweet , Google CEO Sundar Pichai expressed their disappointment with Trump 's effort to undo DACA , urging Congress to take action . A spokesperson for Google 's parent company , Alphabet , said the search giant is still reviewing its options internally . Alphabet has not yet detailed how many of its workers participate in DACA .
Facebook similarly did not announce any specific steps to come or the total number of affected employees . But It 's leader , Mark Zuckerberg , urged users of the social network to sound off to their lawmakers .
“ For years , leaders from both parties have been talking about protecting Dreamers . Now it 's time to back those words up with action , ” wrote Zuckerberg . “ Show us that you can lead . No bill is perfect , but inaction now is unacceptable . ”
“ If you live in the U.S. , call your members of Congress and tell them to do the right thing , ” they continued . “ We have always been a nation of immigrants , and immigrants have always made our nation stronger . ”
For the tech industry , however , there might only be so much it can do . Companies like Amazon , Facebook , Google and Microsoft spend many millions of dollars lobbying government each year , but their cries for immigration reform long have failed to penetrate the partisan divide on Capitol Hill .
There , House Speaker Paul Ryan is among a growing chorus of Republicans who now believe that Congress should rethink and reauthorize DACA in some form . But Ryan , in a statement Tuesday , did not indicate a timeline for that debate . The chamber already has a number of other , critical items on its plate , from allotting billions of dollars to recovery efforts following Hurricane Harvey to funding the U.S. government itself .
( Update , 2:32 pm ET ) : Trump 's efforts to terminate DACA prompted Uber 's new chief executive — themselves an immigrant from Iran — to sound off on Tuesday . It 's Dara Khosrowshahi 's first-ever comments about politics as Uber 's leader .
recode_logomark Subscribe to the Recode newsletter Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox . Your email Subscribe By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy and European users agree to the data transfer policy . Your subscription has been confirmed . You 've been added to our list and will hear from us soon . { { error_msg } }
In the Deep Tropical Seas The Type 094A , China 's newest nuclear missile submarine , is currently based at Hainan Island , in the underground submarine base at Yulin . It 's under the protection of the South Seas Fleet . hmmvv
New photos of China 's latest nuclear ballistic missile submarine , the `` Jin '' Type 094A , hints at a much-improved vessel—one that is larger , with a more pronounced `` hump '' rear of the sail that lets it carry 12 submarine-launched ballistic missiles . First seen in late November 2016 , the Type 094A differs from the previous four Type 094 SSBNs , what with its curved conning tower and front base that 's blended into the submarine hull , possibly to reduce hydrodynamic drag . The Type 094A 's conning tower has also removed its windows . Additionally , the Type 094A has a retractable towed array sonar ( TAS ) mounted on the top of its upper tailfin , which would make it easier for the craft to `` listen '' for threats and avoid them .
Old and New The newer Type 094A ( top ) has a bigger missile payload bay and stealthier features . While an improvement over the Type 094 SSBN , it 's still a stopgap feature until the next generation Type 096 comes online . Covert Shores
While the original Type 094 is considered to be nosier ( and thus less survivable ) than its American counterpart ( known , by the way , as the Ohio SSBN ) , the Type 094A is likely to include acoustic quieting technologies found on the Type 093A . More importantly , the Type 094A carries a new submarine-launched ballistic missile ( speculated to be the JL-2A ) , which has a 11,200-kilometer range—a significant improvement from its predecessor missiles . Provided the JL-2A has this kind of range , the new missile could reach virtually the entire United States without leaving the heavily defended Yulin Naval Base ( itself complete with underground shelters and docks for submarines ) in Hainan Island .
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily , no spam , no fuss .
A proposed downloadable expansion to LEGO The Hobbit , which was expected to be based on the final instalment of the movie trilogy , will not see light of day .
In a statement sent to GameSpot , publisher Warner Bros did not explicitly state that the expansion had been cancelled , rather that `` there are no plans to develop DLC based on the final film of the trilogy . '' The publisher also confirmed that it has no plans to release a new game based on the film .
It is not clear how far Warner Bros proceeded with plans to develop DLC based on the third Hobbit film , The Battle of the Five Armies , which was released across theatres in December .
LEGO The Hobbit , which shipped across nine platforms in April last year , followed the story of the first two films of the trilogy , with the final scene in the game mirroring that of the second film .
During the same month of the game 's release , it was informally announced at the London Toy Fair that the story 's conclusion would come to the game via an expansion . If such a plan were to be fully enacted by Warner Bros , it would mean that the DLC would need to be built for PlayStation 3 , PlayStation 4 , PlayStation Vita , Xbox 360 , Xbox One , Wii U , Nintendo 3DS , Windows , and OSX .
Across the eleven months since word of the DLC first surfaced , Warner Bros and developer Traveller 's Tales have been flooded with questions and requests regarding the expansion .
Fans sent questions to both companies across the game 's forums , Facebook pages , and to the Twitter accounts of connected individuals . Despite these requests arriving on a daily basis , no clear answer had arrived .
Warner Bros ' full statement follows :
`` The LEGO The Hobbit videogame gives LEGO and Middle-earth fans a fun , new way to experience the legendary adventures of Bilbo and company as told in the first two films of Peter Jackson 's The Hobbit trilogy . The game provides an excellent set-up for the concluding chapter of Peter Jackson 's film , The Hobbit : The Battle of Five Armies . There are no plans to develop DLC based on the final film of the trilogy . ''
GameSpot 's LEGO The Hobbit review aired several reservations . Critic Carolyn Petit wrote : `` There 's no shortage of content in Lego The Hobbit . The main story quest covers the narrative films in detail , though frustratingly , it ends on the same cliff-hanger that the second Hobbit film ends on , so there is no resolution offered here . ''
Warner Bros also confirmed that it has no plans to release a new game based on the film .
As armed conflicts rage across the world in numerous countries , and amid rising tensions between the U.S. and North Korea , Pope Francis called for an end to `` useless massacres '' in an emotional anti-war speech on Thursday .
`` Please Lord , stop . No more wars , '' the Pope said in a homily at the Sicily-Rome American Cemetery in Italy , where nearly 8,000 World War II soldiers are buried .
`` This is the fruit of war : hate , death , vendetta . Forgive us , Lord . `` —Pope Francis
Pope Francis 's comments came ahead of a summit he 'll be hosting at the Vatican , urging an international ban on nuclear weapons . Eleven Nobel Peace Prize winners will be in attendance , as well as representatives from NATO and the United Nations . Earlier this year , the pontiff urged a third party to mediate between the Trump administration and North Korea 's government .
The meeting will take place while President Donald Trump is in Southeast Asia , where they are expected to ask leaders for support in their ongoing conflict with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un . Along with the Pope , the governments of China , Japan , and South Korea have called for restraint in the midst of Trump 's handling of the crisis with North Korea , urging them to call Kim to the negotiating table .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
The president has responded to Kim 's recent missile launches and nuclear tests by threatening the isolated country with `` fire and fury '' and saying they would `` totally destroy '' North Korea , home to 25 million civilians , if the nuclear activity continued .
In light of Trump 's rhetoric , Pope Francis said in their speech , `` the world once more is at war and is preparing to go even more forcefully into war . ''
They added that `` humanity must not forget '' the suffering of those who have lost loved ones to war . `` Humanity has not learned the lesson and seems that it does not want to learn it , '' they said .
In the visitors ' book at the cemetery , they wrote , `` This is the fruit of war : hate , death , vendetta . Forgive us , Lord . ''
Copyright by WJBF - All rights reserved 6-time Masters champion Jack Nicklaus drives into Augusta National Golf Club on April 5 , 2016
Copyright by WJBF - All rights reserved 6-time Masters champion Jack Nicklaus drives into Augusta National Golf Club on April 5 , 2016
AUGUSTA , Ga. - Six-time Masters champion Jack Nicklaus went through three security checks as they drove into Augusta National Golf Club on Tuesday .
The somewhat humorous video from a passenger in their car shows the reaction of local cops and security personnel as they eventually recognize who 's driving .
Watch from behind the scenes what happened when I arrived to Magnolia Lane and the Masters this afternoon ! 󾰬 Posted by Jack Nicklaus on Tuesday , April 5 , 2016
Jack Nicklaus shared this video on their Facebook page Tuesday .
STS9 has just posted a Facebook status that long-time bassist David ‘ Murph ' Murphy will be leaving the band . Over twenty scheduled Sound Tribe dates taking place through February have been postponed .
Here is the official statement from the band :
In life , the only constant is change . We try to embrace this in our music and in our lives and its in this spirit that we announce STS9 and bassist David Murphy are parting ways . We are postponing our upcoming winter tour dates through February . We 'll miss David and wish them the best on their journey ahead . To our fans , we ca n't thank you enough for your understanding and continuous support . We are thrilled for the future of STS9 and ca n't wait to share it with you . From the bottom of our hearts , thank you !
-Hunter , Jeffree , Phipps & Zach
UPDATE 9:15 a.m. PT 1/15 : Murph has shared a statement about the situation via their Facebook page :
It is with a very sad and heavy heart that I announce I am parting ways with STS9 . While we have had an amazing experience together , our paths are taking us in different directions creatively and personally . My deepest apologies go out to all of our fans who have supported us through thick and thin . I will never be able to fully express my gratitude for everything y'all have given me . I wish STS9 the best and hope to see y'all down the road…I LOVE Y'all
Also , rumors were flying that Murph would join Cherub . The band issued a statement denying Murph will become a member of the group , though they do plan to collaborate with the bassist and the remaining STS9 fellas :
Dear loyal fans of STS9 and Cherub ,
We would like to sincerely apologize for any confusion that may have been caused today because of rumors flying rampant around the internet . We love Murph and the guys in STS9 , but we have no current plans to make any additions or changes to the Cherub lineup . We can with confidence say that neither Jason , Jordan , nor any member of the Cherub team had anything to do with these posts made to our social media , or similar posts that have appeared on the social media accounts of other fellow artists .
David , Hunter , Jeffree , Phipps , and Zach , have been some of the greatest guys that we have met within the music industry . They have all gone out of their way to take us under their wing and put us on… allowing us numerous opportunities to open up their shows for their amazing STS9 fan base . For this we are forever grateful , and we feel so lucky to be able to consider these amazing musicians friends .
We would like to send out our love and support to Davi… fuck it… to Murph , as they step out to persue whatever the future may hold for their prestigious musical career . Murph is like a badass older brother to us that gets us the dirty records that we are n't allowed to have !
We also want to send our love out to the guys in STS9… Hunter , Jeffree , Phipps , Zach , and Saxton too… we are excited to see what is next for Sector 9 !
We have been lucky enough to have the opportunity to collaborate with the members of STS9 both on stage and in the studio over the past few years . Each and every time we get together to make music with these guys , magic happens ! Though there are no current plans for any changes to the Cherub lineup in the near future , we look forward to all sorts of collaborations with both Murph and the gents in STS9 ! No news to speak of yet… but we can promise you this ; IT WILL BE FUNKY ! ! !
We are looking forward to an exciting Spring tour and we will be announcing tour dates VERY SOON…
Much love from the Cherubs !
-Jason and Jordan
UPDATE 1/16 12 p.m. PT : STS9 has issued instructions on how to obtain refunds for those who purchased tickets to canceled shows…
We want to assure everyone you will have the cost of their tickets & service charges refunded starting immediately for these recently cancelled dates .
Please read through the scenario 's below to find information about your refund . If you have any further questions , please contact info @ sts9.com .
If you bought your tickets through STS9Store.com :
We have already begun to process refunds directly back to the credit card used to purchase the tickets . With numerous ticket orders , this will take a few days . Within the next week , you will receive an email from STS9 stating that your refund has been processed . From then , please allow 5 business days for the credit to appear back in your account . If you paid for shipping , that charge will also be refunded . If you used an STS9 Store credit to make your purchase , the refund will be credited back to your account .
If you bought your tickets through TicketMaster :
Your card will be refunded automatically .
If you bought your tickets directly from a venue box office and/or a non-TicketMaster venue :
Please contact the box office or ticketing provider directly for refund information .
We appreciate your patience and continued support .
-STS9
Chris Rouland has n't spoken in public much since they created the secretive cybersecurity contractor known as Endgame five years ago . But they broke their long silence Wednesday to voice a request to lawmakers : Give government agencies and private firms more power to retaliate against those who hack them .
`` I do think eventually we need to enable corporations in this country to be able to fight back , '' Rouland told an audience Wednesday night at the Carnegie Council on Ethics in International Affairs in New York . `` Let 's say someone takes ten million dollars in gold bullion [ from you ] and you call 911 and they do n't call you back for a week . When do you go get it ? Because for me it 's probably that night . And I think that 's a realistic metaphor of where corporations are today . They 're losing millions of dollars and it 's so challenging for governments to help them , I think we have to enable them to do it themselves . ''
Rouland 's comments come as the security firm they founded , Atlanta-based Endgame Systems , has gained attention for its role in what some describe as `` offensive '' hacking , a controversial topic in the wake of documents leaked by NSA contractor Edward Snowden that partially reveal the extent of the agency 's cyberespionage operations . Endgame , which contracts with the U.S. military and intelligence agencies , was revealed in documents leaked by the hacker group Anonymous in 2011 to sell hacking techniques to government customers . Another tool it sells called `` Bonesaw '' is described in marketing documents as enabling `` target discovery '' in hacking operations .
Rouland emphasized at the event that they were speaking in a personal capacity rather than as an Endgame executive -- He stepped down as chief executive of the company in December of last year . They also said that Endgame does n't itself engage in retaliatory cyberattacks of the type they described .
But more generally , they argued that American firms and government agencies need to create disincentives to cyberattacks on U.S. targets by sending the message that such attacks would be returned in kind . `` In traditional cold war there was deterrence , '' they said . `` There is no concept of deterrence today in cyber . It 's a global free fire zone . ''
The notion of `` hacking back , '' sometimes described as `` active defense , '' has been hotly debated within the cybersecurity industry and in government . Some have warned that retaliatory hacking risks collateral damage against unintended targets , or even escalating a global cyber arms race . But a provision in the long-stalled Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act ( CISPA ) included a provision that would offer legal immunity to firms that engage in retaliatory hacking . Meanwhile , many companies are n't waiting for legal exemptions : A survey by the security firm nCircle at the Black Hat security conference last year found that more than a third of the 181 respondents had engaged in hacking those who hacked them , and 13 % said they 'd done so `` frequently . ''
Rouland acknowledged that hacking back remains illegal under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act . ( CFAA ) Another member of Wednesday night 's panel , Naval Academy cybersecurity law professor Robert Clark , pointed out that even taking back stolen data stored on an unprotected third-party server remains a violation of the CFAA . `` On an anonymous ... server , do you have the right to delete your data on there ? No , '' said Clark . `` This is the most asinine thing I can think of . It 's my data , it 's here , I should be able to delete it . ''
The retaliation Rouland calls for , however , could in some cases be more severe than merely deleting stolen data , including denial of service attacks that bombard targets with a flood of junk data , or what they describe as `` degradation of the network . ''
`` Maybe coordinate with [ Internet service providers ] to say , okay guys , throttle back the Ukraine thirty percent this week , '' Rouland suggested to me privately after the panel discussion , later using the Iranian attacks on American banks including Bank of America , JP Morgan , and Citigroup as an example of an attack that might warrant retaliation . `` Maybe the ISPs can choose whether to play , or maybe they do n't have a choice . I do n't know what the legislation should be . ''
And how to be sure that the target of a retaliatory cyberattack is the right target ? Rouland suggested during the panel that tools like false data that serves as bait and then `` phones home '' to its creator could help better identify perpetrators of online attacks . `` Let 's get some intel and attribution data . Let 's put out some fake data…and let it phone home , '' they said , `` Not necessarily drop zero days on targets that may or may not be correct , '' referring to so-called zero-day exploits , attacks that use security flaws in software that have yet to be discovered and fixed .
As controversial as the idea of government participation or sanctioning of corporate `` hack backs '' may be , Rouland implied that the U.S. may actual be trailing other countries such as China in protecting the interests of its private sector in the cybersecurity realm . `` From what I 've seen , we 're the only major nation state that does not use its national intelligence apparatus to advance its corporations , '' argued Rouland . `` We 're certainly different from them and that 's what makes us Americans . But this is the new normal . ''
Correction : An earlier version of this story stated that Rouland serves on Endgame 's board of directors , which is no longer the case .
—
Follow me on Twitter , and pre-order the upcoming paperback edition of my book , This Machine Kills Secrets : Julian Assange , the Cypherpunks , and Their Fight to Empower Whistleblowers , a New York Times Book Review Editor 's Choice .
Germany 's ruling coalition is to adopt a new intelligence law today ( 21 October ) . Concerns have been raised about the increase in the amount of surveillance that will be permitted by the new legislation . EURACTIV Germany reports .
Angela Merkel 's CDU , their CSU partners and the SPD are set to adopt a reform today of the country 's foreign intelligence service , the BND . Many of its activities that have been hitherto illegal under German law will now be permitted . The service will be authorised to have access to DE-CIX , the German commercial data exchange , as well as being allowed to monitor Deutsche Telekom 's systems .
When these measures can actually be applied are governed by criteria that are very broad , making the practice difficult to control . According to the new legislation , the BND must be active in detecting “ early threats to the domestic and external security of Germany ” .
Juncker warms to the idea of an EU intelligence agency Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said today ( 23 March ) that better cooperation of the member states secret services was needed to respond to the challenge of terrorism .
Opposition politicians and society at large have been extremely vocal in their criticisms of the law . Moreover , journalist associations , human rights groups and three UN special rapporteurs have expressed serious concerns . According to the UN experts , the reform disregards international standards on human rights . It has been labelled a “ threat ” to the right to exercise freedom of expression .
“ An entire fundamental right , i.e . the right to confidential telecommunication , has been de facto abolished by the BND , : said Ulf Buermeyer , a Berlin judge and fellow at Viadrina University 's Centre for Internet and Human Rights . “ This marks a departure from the principle of targeted legal processes against individual suspects , towards a prophylactic surveillance of potentially all citizens . ”
Intelligence work is a central task of the state and is essential in ensuring the security of the population . “ In face of terrorist threats and a growing improvement in how those who threaten our freedom work together internationally , we need reliable working intelligence services , which can network internationally , ” said Konstantin von Notz . The Green politician is a member of the Bundestag 's investigative committee on the NSA/BND . However , the BND is currently criticised for lacking this reliability .
A recent study by the Heinrich Böll Foundation highlighted shortcomings in the performance of the service . “ The control bodies currently lack the capacity and expertise needed to carry out these activities ( … ) The BND reform offers the opportunity to tackle the effectiveness of intelligence work , which has been gradually weakening for years , ” concluded the study . It also said that the BND had been “ overwhelmed ” by the amount of work it had been tasked with .
EU states urged to share more intelligence with airports European Union aviation security experts agreed on Thursday ( 31 March ) that police and intelligence agencies should share more information with transport authorities and operators to help prevent attacks like last week 's twin bombings at Brussels ' Zaventem airport .
The new law and the additional competences that come with the reform means that this work will only increase though . Moreover , the new control mechanisms that have been put into place will not be able to remedy those deficiencies . This new body will consist of two judges and a public prosecutor , which means that the already fragmented system of control will be broken up even further .
In theory , the reform will create “ a three-class society in terms of telecommunication surveillance : first , German citizens , EU citizens , then other foreigners ” , said Buermeyer . If an EU citizen is put under surveillance , then the chancellery must be informed . “ In practice , however , these measures are unlikely to have any relevant betterment for people , ” they warned .
Whether the law will even be signed off by the Constitutional Court remains up in the air , though . “ The BND reform is not likely to be compatible with the country 's basic law , ” Buermeyer claimed . Even Von Notz has their doubts about the legality of the reform once it is adopted by the Bundestag .
For a list of all Commonwealths in the Fallout universe , see Commonwealths .
The Gulf Commonwealth
The Gulf Commonwealth was one of the thirteen commonwealths of the pre-War United States of America . Created in 1969 , [ 1 ] it was comprised of the former states of Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama , and Florida .
Contents show ]
Former Florida Edit
Fallout Tactics 2 and has not been confirmed by The following is based onand has not been confirmed by canon sources .
A G.E.C.K . had been irradiated , and thus , the `` Garden of Eden '' it created was full of mutant plants and fungi . The mutant garden began to spread fairly rapidly , preying upon animal life and using them as carriers/fertilizer to spread its fungal seed . While it had accelerated regrowth and nature reclaiming the wasteland , the fact it was irradiated meant it also began to wipe out humans . The Midwestern Brotherhood of Steel had also gained a foothold in Florida . Mutant crocodiles were some of the forms of regional wildlife .
Fallout Tactics 2 . End of information based on
Former Mississippi Edit
Not much is known about this area other than a pre-War military supply yard that existed somewhere in the former state . It is mentioned in General Brock 's terminal at Fort Strong as being a location where the new model M42 Fat Man launchers were sent . The warheads were supposed to ship at a later date , but never made it due to the Great War .
Appearances Edit
The Gulf Commonwealth was to appear in the canceled Fallout Tactics 2 , and locations within it are mentioned in Fallout 3 and its add-on Point Lookout , as well as Fallout 4 [ 2 ] and its add-on Nuka-World . [ 3 ] Florida was also the setting of Fountain of Dreams , a follow-up to Wasteland .
Sen. Elizabeth Warren , D-Mass. , released a report Friday slamming an accreditor of for-profit colleges for its “ appalling record of failure . ”
“ Students and taxpayers have paid the price ” for the failures of the Accrediting Council for Independent Colleges and Schools , they wrote in an accompanying letter to the U.S. Secretary of Education . Warren urged the Department of Education to take “ strong , aggressive action to hold ACICS accountable . ”
Advertisement :
Citing ProPublica 's reporting , Warren blasted ACICS for accrediting schools that “ consistently produce astronomical debt levels and terrible outcomes for students . ”
Warren 's report comes nearly a year after they grilled members of ACICS during a senate hearing on their failure to sanction Corinthian Colleges , which kept its accreditation until the day the school collapsed in bankruptcy .
Because of ACICS ' continued accreditation , the Department of Education doled out billions of dollars in federal loans to Corinthian students , despite ongoing lawsuits and investigations by the Securities and Exchange Commission , the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and nearly two dozen state attorneys general .
The accreditor 's failings have persisted even after the fall of Corinthian . Warren pointed to sixteen other colleges that have kept their accreditation amid ongoing government investigations .
Accreditors are nonprofit agencies that are supposed to provide oversight on college quality . Colleges rely on an accreditor 's stamp of approval to gain access to the federal government 's generous coffers of student aid . Many for-profit schools rely so heavily on federal loans that losing accreditation could jeopardize their existence .
ProPublica previously reported that two-thirds of ACICS commissioners , who make the final decisions on a school 's accreditation , had worked as executives at for-profit schools while sitting on the council . And a third of the commissioners came from schools facing government scrutiny and consumer protection lawsuits while they were sitting on the council .
Earlier this week , ACICS announced that it would halt new applications for accreditation while it enacted reforms , including the creation of new ethics review panel to monitor conflicts of interests among its board members .
Advertisement :
Warren joins a growing chorus of ACICS critics , including thirteen state attorneys general and numerous student and consumer advocates . Nearly all of them have called on the Department of Education to revoke the accreditor 's recognition .
A Department of Education committee is scheduled to review ACICS ' accrediting status in late June .
How To Get Students To Stop Using Their Cellphones In Class
Enlarge this image LA Johnson/NPR LA Johnson/NPR
Our Ideas series is exploring how innovation happens in education .
Almost all college students have a cellphone . They use them an average of eight to 10 hours a day and check them an average of every 15 to 20 minutes while they 're awake .
Heavier smartphone use has been linked to lower-quality sleep and lower GPAs — oh , are you getting a text right now ?
I 'll wait .
Anyway , as I was saying , one professor at the University of Colorado Boulder has come up with a solution to smartphone distraction in one of their astronomy classes .
`` I was stunned how well it worked , '' Doug Duncan wrote in an email to fellow astronomy professors , which they shared with NPR Ed .
Duncan is part of a group at UC Boulder that works on applying learning research to improve teaching in science and engineering fields .
They are the co-author of a paper showing that , at their college , more than 75 percent of undergrads reported texting while in class , and that in-class texting was linked to an average drop of half a letter grade in the course .
But , until now , beyond sharing that data with their students , they had n't come up with a plan for reducing smartphone use .
Ten percent of the grade in their class comes from participation points . Students get points by answering a question when called on , by asking a good question or by responding to a poll . ( Duncan uses clickers , devices that allow students to collectively answer multiple-choice questions in class . )
For their experiment , they say they got buy-in from students first , as they wrote :
`` I asked them to vote if I should offer one participation point for taking out their cell phone , turning it off and leaving it out on my desk . To my amazement the vote was unanimous . 100 % voted yes . So they all took out their phones , put them on the desk , and we had an exceptionally engaged class . ''
Three class meetings later , they wrote , the no-cellphone rule is still going strong .
`` I asked two students on the way out why they voted to put their phones on the desk . They said , 'We know we are n't supposed to use them , and this gives us a reward for doing that . ' ``
Should other professors follow Duncan 's lead ? I asked Larry Rosen , a research psychologist and professor emeritus at California State University , Dominguez Hills . They study smartphone use among college students . As simple as it sounds , Rosen does n't think simply incentivizing students to turn off their phones is a good strategy .
`` It does n't get at the real underlying issue of why students are distracted , '' they explain . `` Most college students are heavy users who are going to get anxious and stressed within 10 or 15 minutes if they ca n't check their phones . ''
In experiments , Rosen has shown that students ' heart rate and other vital signs spike when they hear their phones ring and ca n't answer them . They say that putting the phones in sight , but out of reach , even when turned off , will only increase that anxiety and the distraction that comes with it .
Rosen 's prescription , instead , is to give in to the distraction , but at measured intervals .
`` I start by calling a tech break , where they can check their phone for one minute , every 15 minutes , '' they say . `` Over time you can increase it to 20 , 25 . And within a couple weeks you can get them to go 30 minutes without needing it . ''
But Rosen does n't ask their students to go a whole hour without checking the phone . `` To go the entire class without checking is far too anxiety enhancing . ''
College instructors , what do you think ? Is your class a no-phone zone ? And if so , how have you done it ?
About once every month or two , I get a wedding that 's stunning . The story is aces . The vibe is fun . And I have to reject it because it 's absolutely cultural appropriation . When you work in weddings , you really want to say yes to everything . “ The customer is always right ” mentality becomes even more personal . Because no matter what choices a couple makes , their wedding is still their wedding , and it 's an expression of their love . But just because it 's heartfelt does n't mean we can publish it .
Because as a wedding publication , it 's important for us to draw a line . To lovingly suggest that perhaps “ Mexican ” or “ Asian ” is not actually a theme , or that mehndi is not the best choice of body decor if it 's not part of your cultural heritage . Because you know what happens if you smile and nod ? Taylor Swift 's “ Wildest Dreams ” video . Or Katy Perry 's entire career . ( Love her , but damn they need to hire better advisors . )
And what 's even more complicated ? It does n't feel like there 's a hard line . Sometimes a bindi gets called out , other times the teepee gets a shoutout on the Knot . So how do you know what 's cultural appropriation and what 's not ?
Well first , let 's start with a definition .
What is Cultural Appropriation ?
According to Wikipedia :
Cultural appropriation is the adoption or use of elements of one culture by members of a different culture… According to authors in the field , cultural ( mis ) appropriation differs from acculturation or assimilation in that the “ appropriation ” or “ misappropriation ” refers to the adoption of these cultural elements in a colonial manner : elements are copied from a minority culture by members of the dominant culture , and these elements are used outside of their original cultural context—sometimes even against the expressed , stated wishes of representatives of the originating culture . Often , the original meaning of these cultural elements is lost or distorted , which means that these uses may be viewed as disrespectful by members of the originating culture , or even as a form of desecration . Cultural elements which may have deep meaning to the original culture can be reduced to “ exotic ” fashion by those from the dominant culture . When this is done , the imitator , “ who does not experience that oppression is able to ‘ play , ' temporarily , an ‘ exotic ' other , without experiencing any of the daily discriminations faced by other cultures . ”
In short , cultural appropriation is when you take bits of someone else 's culture , typically that of an oppressed group , and adopt it for your own purposes , stripping the object of its significance in the process . For example : wearing a Native American headdress as a Halloween costume . Or crediting a white celebrity with adopting cornrows as an “ edgy new hairstyle . ”
Almost every job I 've had , I 've had to face this . There was a brief period where I was bouncing ( think : twerking ) in support of some touring black musicians from NOLA . I was constantly explaining that the dance had particular cultural roots , and no , it was n't just an edgy dance trend . Then there were the two years I spent running a high-end womenswear line . I had to call out a magazine for publishing clothes I designed in a “ tribal ” editorial with what was essentially a white girl in aboriginal makeup .
Because of my history ( and social justice background ) I do often get asked THE question : “ Is this cultural appropriation ? ” The real answer ? There 's no one once sentence that can define the boundary between “ taking ” from a culture and “ honoring ” it ( though this video is pretty accurate ) . I have , however , started creating some guidelines , that help me identify what 's appropriative versus appreciation :
What 's Cultural Appreciation , Not Cultural Appropriation ?
It 's not sacred
Make sure the item , outfit , decor , tradition , etc. , is not something that has a spiritual or cultural significance . Do your research . This is the most common issue I come across in the wedding world . After all , people are trying to build a meaningful ceremony . But if you 're thinking of adding an element from another culture 's wedding ceremony in a literal way ( as opposed , perhaps , to a vaguely “ inspired by ” way ) , chances are very , very good that it 's religiously or culturally sacred . And yes , for those of you wondering , one example of cultural appropriation is indeed Dia De Los Muertos .
It 's not something that people have been shamed for
Here things get more murky . Much of the argument about cultural appropriation is really about cultural colonialism . Western ( mostly white ) societies have , and continue to , take land and resources from other societies… and make the members of those places feel uncivilized for their native clothes , hairstyles , homes , etc . Assimilation ( directly forced , or chosen for the purpose of opportunity ) is a painful and multi-generational issue ( just ask all the Hispanic kids whose parents would n't speak Spanish or all the people whose natural hair is considered unprofessional ) . It follows that taking an element that was deemed uncivilized and turning it into something trendy for privileged people ignores the history of erasure and pain people had to go through just to be themselves .
It 's not mass market
This one 's simple . Do n't buy a kimono from H & M . Do n't buy a headdress from a white girl off Etsy . Please , please do n't buy Aztec patterns from Urban Outfitters . If you 're going to be “ appreciative ” of a culture , make sure you give back to it when you take , and money is a legitimate way to do that . ( Want a great example ? When Rhianna chose to wear an actual Chinese designer to The Met Gala 's poorly received “ Chinese ” themed event . )
Here 's the real deal : I do n't believe most things have to be OFF LIMITS . But I also do n't think you get to do things like… be a white rapper who is n't actively working for the empowerment of Black America , or wear a native headdress unless it was gifted to you directly from the tribe . Each culture 's assets are precious , and with the Internet at my fingertips , it 's on me to question my decisions ( and those of my friends ) before I place that order on Etsy .
Rally Marks 40th Anniversary of Roe v. Wade
`` How we choose what we do and when we do it is something we should be able to do on our own , collaborating with our family , our friends and our physician , ”
Photos via K. Johnson @ CNS
By Katherine Johnson
Capital News Service
RICHMOND – Abortion rights supporters made their way to the state Capitol grounds on Tuesday to mark the 40th anniversary of the U.S. Supreme Court 's Roe v. Wade decision and to look to the future of women 's rights in Virginia .
The landmark case decided that women 's right to privacy includes the right to have an abortion . A crowd of a few hundred gathered to listen to Virginia legislators in support of women 's rights , including Democratic Sens . Barbara Favola of Arlington , Mark Herring of Leesburg and Ralph Northam of Painter .
The rally served as a reminder to women 's rights and reproductive rights advocates to continue their efforts , especially after last year 's turbulent General Assembly session , when legislators introduced and passed bills that received national attention and controversy .
Last year 's House Bill 1 , sponsored by Delegate Bob Marshall , R-Manassas , would have redefined “ personhood ” to include unborn children . The bill was tabled until this year .
Last session 's HB 462 originally required women to submit to a transvaginal ultrasound before an abortion . At the request of Gov . Bob McDonnell , the bill was amended to require an external ultrasound and was signed into law in March .
Dr. Karen Remley , the former state health commissioner , was on hand for the rally . Remley resigned from their position in October after the state implemented new abortion clinic regulations . They said they never dreamed she 'd have to attend a rally to defend Roe v. Wade .
“ How we choose what we do and when we do it is something we should be able to do on our own , collaborating with our family , our friends and our physician , ” they said in their speech .
“ Roe v. Wade is a very … essential and important element , but it is a much bigger issue than pro-choice . It is , ‘ Where are women in our society , and how do we stand as equals next to every man there is in the world ? ' ” Remley said .
Sandee Delano has attended every woman 's rights protest at the Capitol since last February . “ It 's disgusting – it 's absolutely disgusting and deplorable – that they 're even talking like that , ” Delano said about last session 's legislation regarding women 's rights and reproductive rights .
For this session , Delano would like to see Virginia legislators “ get back to their senses ” and work on important things .
“ We need jobs . We need other things . This needs to stop , because it 's a settled issue , ” they said .
Favola said the rally has important implications for the future .
“ You are paving the way for our daughters and our sisters and for the generations that come behind us , ” they told the crowd .
Favola also offered their thoughts how one of Virginia 's Founding Fathers would respond to the debate : “ Thomas Jefferson would say , ‘ My goodness . What the heck has happened to the Commonwealth ? ' ”
Northam noted that they have introduced Senate Bill 1332 , which would make ultrasounds optional for women seeking abortions . The bill has been referred to the Senate Committee on Education and Health .
The Virginia Society for Human Life , an anti-abortion organization , issued its own statement regarding the 40th anniversary of Roe v. Wade .
Since 1973 , there have been more than 55 million abortions in the United States , including more than 500,000 in Virginia , the group said . “ Abortion has become a tragic response to the needs of too many women facing a complex pregnancy , ” the statement added .
Olivia Gans Turner , the society 's president , said abortion “ has risks both physical and emotional for the mothers of these children . ”
“ VSHL remains committed to protecting the lives of the unborn , those with disabilities and the elderly under the law , ” Gans Turner said . They said the society wants to ensure that women “ obtain all the facts before making this life and death decision . ”
Wasteland , the original post-apocalyptic RPG game will have a sequel as Wasteland 2 . Brian Fargo who is a Executive Produced both Wasteland and Fallout will be heading the team .
Wasteland 2 was on Kickstarter for last few days with a target of $ 900k . A Linux version was promised at $ 1.5 million funding and they have made it to this mark . was onfor last few days with a target of $ 900k . A Linux version was promised at $ 1.5 million funding and they have made it to this mark .
So yes , there will be a Linux version and you can confirm a DRM free copy for yourself for $ 15 . The game wo n't be a first-person shooter . With a top-down perspective you will get a tactical feel for the situation . It will be turn based , tactical , with a storyline that will be deeper and broader .
From kiskstarter page :
Wasteland 2 is the direct sequel to the first ever post-apocalyptic computer RPG . The original Wasteland was the inspiration for the FALLOUT series of games , and the first RPG to allow players to split parties for tactical considerations , to face players with moral choices , and to make them deal with the consequences of their actions . It was the first to provide far more than the one-key-for-one-lock style of puzzle solving .
Wasteland was set in a dangerous , post-apocalyptic world in the American Southwest . Over the course of adventures rangers would receive promotions , acquire new skills and equipment , then face new challenges with outcomes that changed depending on the strategy used to defeat them . The game featured a strong storyline which required painful decisions by players ; and a storyline that allowed for maximum re-playability . Wasteland 2 , with your participation and insights , will recapture all that and provide more . It 'll finally be the game worthy to be a Wasteland sequel , as challenging and rewarding as the original , with all added capacity and dazzle of games today .
The deal was conducted through a joint venture between WeWork and private-equity firm Rhône Group . Rhône is also taking a $ 500 million piece of Hudson 's Bay Co. , the Toronto-based parent company of Lord & Taylor , which has been looking to ease its debt burden .
Lord & Taylor 's flagship store opened on Fifth Avenue in 1914 but has a lower sales impact than Hudson 's Bay 's Saks Fifth Avenue store 10 blocks north , the firm said . The retail market—especially for large department stores like Macy 's and Lord & Taylor—is struggling in the face of e-commerce competitors , while office landlords are seeing a steady demand for space . WeWork was recently valued at $ 20 billion and has been sitting on a $ 4.4 billion pot of cash from a SoftBank investment earlier this year .
More real estate news :
Carlyle Group in talks to take space at 1 Vanderbilt ( The Real Deal )
Homes are sold faster in Queens than in Manhattan ( Bloomberg ) Climate scientists say NYC will experience 500-year floods every five years ( Associated Press ) Over half the nation 's affordable-housing stock has vanished : report ( The Washington Post
The following blog post is mainly targeted at plasma-devel subsribers and I expect possible discussion to take place there . I just published it here , because I needed an easy way to host images and then I thought I could also post the entire text here for a broader audience to see . 😉
While my task within KDE is mainly to translate K3b , I see myself as a usability geek as well . So while cycling through parks in my hometown and enjoying the spring weather , I thought about improving the netbook experience . And while I continued to think about it Plasma applets I already know exist and how they could be incorporated and refined . I also remembered using classic macOS which featured a pointer-based GUI that was targeted at screens that have roughly the same proportions as today 's netbooks .
I have to add that I do n't know how in what shape Plasma Netbook in current trunk is , so my suggestions may even already be obsolete . I also lack any talent to code , so obviously I 'm hoping for an actual programmer to pick up my ideas .
So , enough introduction talk . Let 's get started .
First , here is a screenshot of Plasma Netbook from SC 4.4 showing the `` Search and Launch '' page :
Plasma Netbook how it looks today
Page One displays various Plasma applets in an aligned way . So overall I think this screenshot is pretty self explanatory . One aspect is worth pointing out : How task switching currently works . You click on the Running Apps `` button '' and get an Exposé view of all open windows .
This IMHO has some drawbacks . A . ) it requires compositing ( not available to everyone ) and B . ) totally breaks down if many windows are open .
Well , classic macOS had a simple drop-down list of running apps . Hardly fancy , but worked really well , so this is what I came up with :
Plasma Netbook mockup : No active app
I moved clock and tray to the far right where IMO it 's expected by many users anyway . `` Show all windows '' triggers the Exposé effect , so no functionality is lost . The menu could also be assigned to a keyboard shortcut .
When an application runs , the top bar changes :
Plasma Netbook mockup : App active
On the left side is still the app switcher , but now also featuring the options to hide or quit the app ( Quit and Show All maybe should switch positions ) . The button title switches to the app name to indicate what 's running .
The pages bar is changed to the app 's menu bar . Plasma Netbook works in a similar fashion already , but by simply launching apps in full screen and hiding the window decoration . My proposal should look better esp . if smoothly transitioned from pages bar to menu bar ( eg . using a slide effect ) .
A similar menu bar is already implemented by Bespin 's XBar applet . Another approach seems to be in development .
On the far left side , window control buttons move clock and tray . I figured that in this case it 's more important to keep users ' muscle memory for window operations intact rather than tray interaction .
The window controls are what we are all used to :
Minimize/Hide — Unmaximize — Close .
It can be argued that netbook users should run their application always in full screen anyway , but this would effectively kill the usage of multi-window apps . I also saw several people connect bigger screens at home to their netbooks . An unmaximized window can more easily be moved to the other screen . That feature is also already developed .
Any comments ( praise , insults , volunteering coders ) should be sent to plasma-devel .
=-=-=-=-=
Powered by Blogilo
Advertisements
With the launch of Facebook Places , users need to figure out if this service is a cool new tool or an overbearing feature best avoided .
The social networking site 's new location-based feature , dubbed Places , was unveiled last week . The smartphone -based service is designed to let users tell their friends where they are , while also helping them track their own friends . The service also enables users to give away their friends ' current location .
While a portion of the social networking world will think it 's fun and cool to chart their travels around town , another segment of users thinks it 's a sign of Big Brother watching .
“ If someone is n't familiar with geolocation-type services , if they 're not a Foursquare user or a Gowalla user , they should disable Places and then explore it , ” said Brad Shimmin , an analyst at Current Analysis . “ Always be cautious with anything that could get you in trouble . ”
Dan Olds , an analyst at The Gabriel Consulting Group , said there are a many reasons why someone might be hesitant to use Facebook Places .
“ Would you want a wide number of people to know that there 's no one home at your house ? ” Olds asked . “ And , couple that information with Facebook posts about how you put your dog in a kennel while you 're on a two-week trip , that 's just too much information to put out there . Many people think they 're only sharing it with their friends , but they have to assume that they 're sharing it with anyone who can access their friends ' computers or Facebook accounts . ”
While Places can be an entertaining tool , no one should use it blindly , the analysts said . Consider the consequences of some location information getting out past your immediate circle of friends .
“ If you play hooky from work , or go to the beach rather than your mom 's birthday party , you might want to steer clear of using Places at least for those days , ” Olds said .
Some privacy advocates are concerned that Places was rolled out with users opted-in by default . That means it 's running automatically , rather than allowing the user to decide to run it .
One of the criticisms of Places is that opting out is n't as simple as clicking on a “ no thanks ” kind of button .
To shut off Facebook Places , here 's how to do it :
First , go to the pull-down “ Account ” tab on the top right of your Facebook homepage . From there , click on “ Privacy Settings ” and then look under “ Sharing on Facebook. ” Click on “ Everyone ” and then click on “ Customize Settings , ” which is slightly below in blue . Then click on “ Places I Check Into , ” and check “ Custom. ” Then under the pull-down tab , “ These People ” , click on “ Only Me ” and hit “ Save . ”
In that same area , you 'll want to make sure that “ People Here Now ” is not enabled .
OK , you 're a part way there . Now , you 'll need to go back and take a few more steps . Here 's what you should do :
Go back to the “ Account ” pull-down on the top right of the page and click on “ Privacy Settings. ” Next , scroll down to bottom of the page and under “ Applications and Web Sites , ” click on “ Edit Your Settings. ” Then , under “ Info Accessible Through Your Friends , ” click on “ Edit Settings. ” At that point , make sure “ Places I check Into ” is not checked .
“ You can see that it 's not straightforward and it 's not simply an on-and-off button , ” said Shimmin . “ [ Facebook ] could have done a better job of explaining what it means to opt in and letting people turn it off entirely . ”
Sharon Gaudin covers the Internet and Web 2.0 , emerging technologies , and desktop and laptop chips for Computerworld . Follow Sharon on Twitter at @ sgaudin or subscribe to Sharon 's RSS feed . Them e-mail address is sgaudin @ computerworld.com .
Read more about web 2.0 and web apps in Computerworld 's Web 2.0 and Web Apps Topic Center .
Original story - here
`` Scry '' redirects here . It is not to be confused with Scrye
Scrying , also known by various names such as `` seeing '' or `` peeping '' , is the practice of looking into a suitable medium in the hope of detecting significant messages or visions . The objective might be personal guidance , prophecy , revelation , or inspiration , but down the ages , scrying in various forms also has been a prominent means of divination or fortune-telling . [ 1 ] It remains popular in occult circles , discussed in many media , both modern and centuries old .
Definitions and terminology [ edit ]
There is no definitive distinction between scrying and other aids to clairvoyance , augury , or divination , but roughly speaking , scrying depends on fancied impressions of visions in the medium of choice . Ideally in this respect it differs from augury , which relies on interpretations of objectively observable objects or events ( such as flight of birds ) ; from divination , which depends on standardized processes or rituals ; from oneiromancy , which depends on the interpretation of dreams ; from the physiological effects of psychoactive drugs ; and from clairvoyance , which notionally does not depend on objective sensory stimuli . Clairvoyance in other words , is regarded as amounting in essence to extrasensory perception .
Scrying is neither a single , clearly-defined , nor formal discipline and there is no uniformity in the procedures , which repeatedly and independently have been reinvented or elaborated in many ages and regions . [ 2 ] [ 3 ] Furthermore , practitioners and authors coin terminology so arbitrarily , and often artificially , that no one system of nomenclature can be taken as authoritative and definitive . Commonly terms in use are Latinisations or Hellenisations of descriptions of the media or activities . Examples of names coined for crystal gazing include crystallomancy , spheromancy , and catoptromancy . As an example of the looseness of such terms , catoptromancy should refer more specifically to scrying by use of mirrors or other reflective objects rather than by crystal gazing . Other names that have been coined for the use of various scrying media include anthracomancy for glowing coals , turifumy for scrying into smoke , and hydromancy for scrying into water . There is no clear limit to the coining and application of such terms and media . [ 4 ]
Scrying has been practised in many cultures in the belief that it can reveal the past , present , or future . [ 5 ] [ 6 ] Some practitioners assert that visions that come when one stares into the media are from the subconscious or imagination , while others say that they come from gods , spirits , devils , or the psychic mind , depending on the culture and practice . There is neither any systematic body of empirical support for any such views in general however , nor for their respective rival merits ; individual preferences in such matters are arbitrary at best . [ 5 ]
Media [ edit ]
The media most commonly used in scrying are reflective , refractive , translucent , or luminescent surfaces or objects such as crystals , stones , or glass in various shapes such as crystal balls , mirrors , reflective black surfaces such as obsidian , water surfaces , fire , or smoke , but there is no special limitation on the preferences or prejudices of the scryer ; some may stare into pitch dark , clear sky , clouds , shadows , or light patterns against walls , ceilings , or pond beds . Some prefer glowing coals or shimmering mirages . Some simply close their eyes , notionally staring at the insides of their own eyelids , and speak of `` eyelid scrying '' .
Scrying media generally either suggest images directly ( such as figures in fire , fluid eddies or clouds ) , or else they distort or reflect the observers ' vision confusingly , in the manner to be seen in crystals or transparent balls . Such fancies have long been satirised by sceptics , for example in Hamlet III.ii :
Do you see yonder cloud that 's almost in shape of a camel ?
By the mass , and 't is like a camel , indeed .
Methinks it is like a weasel .
It is backed like a weasel .
Or like a whale ?
Very like a whale .
Alternatively the medium might reduce visual stimuli to thresholds below which any clear impressions could interfere with fancied visions or free association . Examples include darkened reflections of night sky , or plain shadow or darkness . [ 7 ]
Methods [ edit ]
Modern day scrying experience
One class of methods of scrying involves a self-induced trance , with or without the aid of a medium such as a crystal ball or , even via modern technology such as a smartphone among other things . Some say that the sensation is drug-like , some that various drugs can potentiate the experience ; others categorically exclude any connection with drug usage , claiming that it invalidates any images observed .
Many practitioners say that the scrying medium initially serves to focus attention , removing unwanted thoughts from the mind in much the same way as repetition of a mantra , concentration on a mandala , inducing the relaxation response , or possibly by hypnosis . Once this stage is achieved , the scryer may begin free association with the perceived images . The technique of deliberately looking for and declaring these initial images aloud , however trivial or irrelevant they may seem to the conscious mind , attempts to deepen the trance state . In this state some scryers hear their own disassociated voices affirming what they see , in a mental feedback loop .
Practitioners apply the process until they achieve a satisfactory state of perception in which rich visual images and dramatic stories seem to be projected within the medium itself , or in the mind 's eye of the scryer . They claim that the technique allows them to see relevant events or images within the chosen medium .
Nostradamus practised scrying ; they would stare into a bowl of water or a `` magic mirror '' to see the future while they were in trance . [ 6 ]
Religion and mythology [ edit ]
Hebrew Bible [ edit ]
Divination is briefly mentioned in chapter 44 of the Book of Genesis . A silver chalice or cup is deliberately planted in Benjamin 's sack when they leaf Egypt , later to be used as evidence of theft . It is revealed the cup belongs to Joseph , the vizier of Egypt , whose flight attendant claimed was used for drinking and divination during the course of their accusation . This is mentioned to reinforce their disguise as an Egyptian nobleman .
Though divination is forbidden according to the Torah , the time of Joseph preceded the Hebrew nation and the Torah . Some claim this is how they were able to ply their trade as a dream interpreter for Pharaoh . [ 8 ] [ 9 ] However , according to the Hebrew scriptures , Joseph was never depicted as actually practicing divination . As part of a plan to test their brothers , they placed something small yet valuable in Benjamin 's grain sack . A silver cup was a perfect object in this case , as it held great financial and spiritual value in Egypt . [ 10 ]
Another consideration is that Joseph had no need to use a cup for divination . God had enabled them to have prophetic dreams themselves and to interpret the dreams of others . After revealing their identity to their brothers and forgiving the wrong they had done him , Joseph sent them back to their father with this report : “ God has made me lord of all Egypt ” . [ 11 ]
Ancient Persia [ edit ]
The Shahnameh , a 10th-century epic work narrating historical and mythological past of Persia , gives a description of what was called the Cup of Jamshid ( Jaam-e Jam ) , which was used by the ancient ( mythological ) Persian kings for observing all of the seven layers of the universe . The cup was said to contain an elixir of immortality , but without cogent explanation for any relevance of the elixir to the scrying function .
Latter Day Saint movement [ edit ]
In the late 1820s , Joseph Smith founded the Latter Day Saint movement based in part on what was said to be information obtained miraculously from the reflections of seer stones . Smith had at least three separate stones , including their favorite , a brown stone they found during excavation of a neighbor 's well . They initially used these stones in various treasure-digging quests in the early 1820s , placing the stone inside the crown of their hat and putting their face in the hat to read what they believed were the miraculous reflections from the stone . [ 12 ] Smith also said that they had access to a separate set of spectacles composed of seer stones , which they called the Urim and Thummim . They said that , through these stones , they could translate the golden plates that are the stated source of the Book of Mormon . [ 13 ]
In folklore [ edit ]
This Halloween greeting card from 1904 satirizes divination : the young woman hoping to see their future husband sees the reflection of a nearby portrait instead .
Rituals that involve many acts similar to scrying in ceremonial magic are retained in the form of folklore and superstition . A formerly widespread tradition held that young women gazing into a mirror in a darkened room ( often on Halloween ) could catch a glimpse of their future husband 's face in the mirror — or a skull personifying Death if their fate was to die before they married .
Another form of the tale , involving the same actions of gazing into a mirror in a darkened room , is used as a supernatural dare in the tale of `` Bloody Mary '' . Here , the motive is usually to test the adolescent gazers ' mettle against a malevolent witch or ghost , in a ritual designed to allow the scryers ' easy escape if the visions summoned prove too frightening . [ 14 ]
While , as with any sort of folklore , the details may vary , this particular tale ( Bloody Mary ) encouraged young women to walk up a flight of stairs backwards , holding a candle and a hand mirror , in a darkened house . As they gazed into the mirror , they were supposed to be able to catch a view of their future husband 's face . There was , however , a chance that they would see the skull-face of the Grim Reaper instead ; this meant that they were destined to die before they married .
Folklore superstitions such as those just mentioned , are not to be distinguished clearly from traditional tales , within which the reality of such media are taken for granted . In the fairytale of Snow White for example , the jealous queen consults a magic mirror , which they ask `` Magic mirror on the wall / Who is the fairest of them all ? `` , to which the mirror always replies `` You , my queen , are fairest of all . '' But when Snow White reaches the age of seven , they become as beautiful as the day , and when the queen asks their mirror , it responds : `` Queen , you are full fair , 't is true , but Snow White is fairer than you . `` [ 15 ] There is no uniformity among believers , in how seriously they prefer to take such tales and superstitions .
Scientific reception [ edit ]
Scrying is not supported by science as a method of predicting the future or obtaining information unavailable to empirical investigation . [ 16 ] Some critics consider it to be a pseudoscience . [ 5 ] [ 17 ] Skeptics consider scrying to be the result of delusion or wishful thinking . [ 18 ]
Psychologist Leonard Zusne suggested that scrying images are hallucinations or hypnagogic experiences . [ 19 ]
A 2010 paper in the journal Perception [ 20 ] identified one specific method of reliably reproducing a scrying illusion in a mirror and hypothesized that it `` might be caused by low level fluctuations in the stability of edges , shading and outlines affecting the perceived definition of the face , which gets over-interpreted as ‘ someone else ' by the face recognition system . `` [ 21 ]
Modern-day traditions and fictions [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
So , I purchased the lifetime license so I could access all the content .. I have to say that this is actually a really good app and it is definitely worth the money ! I am a polyglot and I 'm learning lots of languages . Korean has so far been really difficult for me to the point that I wanted to give up on it . This app slowly builds up the language for you without complicated explanations . Now I actually feel I can learn this language ! Points for improvement : add one extra exercise for each unit where you have to type the whole sentence by yourself . Also , in the quizzes , when you press an answer , have it play the audio again so that we have more exposure . Maybe add a 1000 most common words flashcard list to it with spaced repetition . Have a look at Ankidroid or Semper for inspiration 🙂 thanks for this app !
Ramon den Hartog Student
This article is over 2 years old
Multiple deaths reported over three days , with queue stretching back 13 miles as millions headed home to celebrate Eid
Twelve people have died after being stuck in a three-day traffic jam in Indonesia at an intersection known as “ Brexit ” .
The traffic stretched for more than 13 miles ( 21km ) at the junction for Brebes , a town on the main island of Java , as millions of people headed home to celebrate Eid al-Fitr . Locals refer to the toll gate at the intersection as Brexit , short for “ Brebes exit ” .
Indonesia 's roads are choked every year at the end of Ramadan , the month of fasting for Muslims , but the chaos at Brexit was particularly acute this year as tens of thousands of cars crammed on to the arterial highway , said Hemi Pramuraharjo , a transport ministry spokesperson .
“ In terms of this ‘ Brexit ' case , there 's been a total of 12 victims over different days , ” they said . The deaths occurred between 3 and 5 July .
Pramuraharjo said several victims were elderly , while others died from fatigue and other health complications . Local media reported that a one-year-old was killed by fumes .
More than 400 motorists have died on Indonesia 's roads during the holiday season , including those in the Brexit jam , Pramuraharjo said .
Accidents are common during this time on Java 's potholed roads . The island is home to 144 million people .
Motorists posted pictures on social media showing cars stuck in miles of queues near the junction . Aerial photos captured a sea of motionless vehicles , with some drivers looking for respite from the jams away from their cars .
Pramuraharjo said roadside vendors and crowded markets near Brexit had compounded the chaos . “ There is a bottleneck there , where there 's a petrol station very nearby and many people queue , ” they said . “ There 's no space on the road . We do n't have a solution . ”
The Indonesian health ministry denied earlier reports that the Brexit victims had died in one day , and urged motorists planning a long journey to rest and to take necessary precautions .
Achmad Yurianto , a spokesperson for the ministry , said the heavy use of air conditioning could also lead to an increase in carbon dioxide levels in people 's cars .
Urn : A Lisp implementation for Lua
Urn is a new language developed by SquidDev , and demhydraz . Urn is a Lisp dialect with a focus on minimalism which compiles to Lua .
What ?
A minimal¹ Lisp implementation , with full support for compile time code execution and macros .
Support for Lua 5.1 , 5.2 and 5.3 . Should also work with LuaJIT .
Lisp-1 scoping rules ( functions and data share the same namespace ) .
Influenced by a whole range of Lisp implementations , including Common Lisp and Clojure .
Produces standalone , optimised Lua files : no dependencies on a standard library .
¹ : Minimalism is an implementation detail .
Features
Pattern matching
> ( case ' ( `` x '' ( foo 2 3 ) ) . [ ( string ? @ ? x ) ( .. `` Got a string `` x ) ] . [ ( `` x '' ( foo . ? x ) ) ( .. `` Got some remaining values `` ( pretty x ) ) ] ) out = `` Got some remaining values ( 2 3 ) ''
Various looping constructs
> ( loop [ ( o ' ( ) ) . ( l ' ( 1 2 3 ) ) ] . [ ( empty ? l ) o ] . ( recur ( cons ( car l ) o ) ( cdr l ) ) ) out = ( 3 2 1 )
Powerful assertion and testing framework
> ( import test ( ) ) out = nil > ( affirm ( eq ? ' ( `` foo '' `` bar '' `` '' ) . ( string/split `` foo-bar '' `` - '' ) ) ) [ ERROR ] < stdin > :1 ( compile # 111 { split , temp } :46 ) : Assertion failed ( eq ? ( quote ( `` foo '' `` bar '' `` '' ) ) ( string/split `` foo-bar '' `` - '' ) ) | | | ( `` foo '' `` bar '' ) ( `` foo '' `` bar '' `` '' )
First-class support for Lua tables
> { : foo 1 . : bar 2 } out = { `` bar '' 2 `` foo '' 1 }
Friendly error messages
> ( ] [ ERROR ] Expected ' ) ' , got ' ] ' = > < stdin > : [ 1:2 .. 1:2 ] ( `` ] '' ) 1 │ ( ] │ ^ ... block opened with ' ( ' 1 │ ( ] │ ^ ' ] ' used here >
Getting started
We have a getting started guide to help you get set up . Or you can clone the repo and jump right in !
The website also contains documentation for all functions and macros , should you need to check how something works .
Gingrich : Purported Undercover Videos Show 'Direct Assault on Democracy , Rule of Law '
Judge Nap : Kennedy 's FBI Offer 'So Clinton Could n't Be Blamed For Exposing Security Secret '
O'Reilly : How Trump Can Close the Polling Gap in Campaign 's Closing Weeks
FAIR AND BALANCED ... Do n't miss the final presidential debate , moderated by Fox News ' Chris Wallace , on Wednesday , October 19th at 9:00pm ET on Fox News Channel !
Monday on Hannity , Judge Jeanine Pirro reacted to a series of claims by women who have accused Donald Trump of sexual misconduct .
`` This man just arrives from England , [ and ] debunks the whole idea of the woman in the First Class cabin , '' Pirro said , regarding a woman who said Trump repeatedly groped them on a plane .
`` The woman [ who ] says she 's [ been ] molested invited Donald Trump , after the alleged molestation , to their restaurant , and they would n't go , '' they said .
Niger Innis , executive director of Tea Party Fwd. , said the series of accusations are a `` flashback '' to allegations made by Anita Hill against then-Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas .
`` That bomb was dropped at the last minute , '' they said .
`` The mainstream media is absolutely opposed to [ a Trump presidency ] , '' Pirro added , `` It is up to Donald Trump at this next debate to [ spread their campaign 's message ] . ''
What do you think ? Let us know in the comments below .
'This is Watergate ' : Trump Slams FBI-State Dept . Horse-Trading Report
Krauthammer : 'Quid Pro Quo ' WikiLeaks Dump 'The Camera in the Sausage Factory '
Hillary 's New Ad Calls Out Trump for Ties to Conspiracy Theorist Alex Jones
President Trump lashed out at Attorney General Jeff Sessions in an interview Wednesday , saying that they would have picked somebody else for attorney general if they had known that Sessions was going to recuse themselves from the Russia investigation .
“ Sessions should have never recused themselves and if they were going to recuse themselves they should have told me before they took the job and I would have picked somebody else , ” Trump told The New York Times .
“ Jeff Sessions takes the job , gets into the job , recuses himself , which frankly I think is very unfair to the president . How do you take a job and then recuse yourself ? ” Trump said later in the interview , which reportedly lasted just under an hour .
“ If they had recused themselves before the job , I would have said , ‘ Thanks , Jeff , but I 'm not going to take you . ' It 's extremely unfair — and that 's a mild word — to the president . ”
Sessions recused themselves in March following public scrutiny over their meeting with a Russian ambassador during the campaign .
Trump also knocked Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein , who previously served as a federal prosecutor in Baltimore . “ There are very few Republicans in Baltimore , if any , ” Trump said .
The president also said that Rosenstein has a “ conflict of interest ” because they recommended Trump fire then-FBI Director James Comey , before tapping Robert Mueller to serve as the special counsel in the Russia investigation . Mueller is reportedly investigating Trump 's firing of Comey as part of the Russia probe .
“ Well , that 's a conflict of interest , ” Trump said . “ Do you know how many conflicts of interests there are ? ”
Trump 's criticisms of Sessions are the latest indication that their relationship with the attorney general is on rocky ground .
Trump criticized the Department of Justice — which Sessions head up — last month over the handling of Trump 's first travel ban , which was held up in court before being replaced by a similar , although narrower , travel ban .
The Justice Dept . should have stayed with the original Travel Ban , not the watered down , politically correct version they submitted to S.C. — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) June 5 , 2017
Sessions reportedly offered to resign last month following a particularly tense exchange with the president .
Lowe 's Unveils OSHbot , its First In-Store Robot Sales Associate Retailers study how robots benefit customers and employees
Liz Torres
Lowe 's is reinventing the sales associate with its first pair of in-store customer service robots .
This holiday season , the home improvement company 's Innovation Labs are testing retail service robots in a Lowe 's owned Orchard Supply Hardware store in San Jose , California to study how robots can benefit customers and employees .
In big , warehouse-style stores like Lowe 's , customers often struggle to find what they actually need and because of the space , they have trouble locating a sales associate .
That 's where OSHbot comes into play .
The wheeled robot can not only quickly navigate stores and direct customers to specific products , but it can also provide real-time information about product promotions and inventory with its 3-D scanners . Lowe 's reports that these gadgets will even be able to communicate in multiple languages and connect expert employees at other stores to answer specific questions .
OSHbot incorporates scanning technology first developed for the Lowe 's Holoroom home improvement simulator with a sensing camera that could provide product information and help guide customers to product shelves . OSHbot was developed through a partnership between Lowe 's Innovation Labs and Fellow Robots , a Silicon Valley technology company specializing in the design and development of service robots .
These robots will be able to provide customers with ads for in-store specials on their back screens with the use of in-store beacons . There 's even the capability for video conferencing with available experts at various locations .
“ The last decade was one of rapid technological advancement and prototyping , especially in robotics , ” said Marco Mascorro , chief executive officer of Fellow Robots , in the media release .
“ With OSHbot , we 've worked closely with Lowe 's Innovation Labs to take autonomous retail service robot technology out of the sandbox and into the consumer market – enhancing the in-store consumer experience and creating smarter shoppers . ”
The robot associate is said to free up time for store employees so that they can focus on delivering project expertise .
The International Federation of Robotics estimates sales of more than 400 robots worldwide between 2014 and 2017 that serve as guides or information providers in places such as supermarkets , exhibitions or museums .
Liz Torres can be reached at liz.torres @ monster.com . Follow them on Twitter @ etorres446 .
Monster Wants to Know : Do you see robots replacing sales associate positions ? Why or why not ? Share with us in the comment section .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The US president and their North Korean counterpart are at loggerheads over Pyongyang 's nuclear programme
`` Only one thing will work '' in dealing with North Korea after years of talks with Pyongyang brought no results , US President Donald Trump has warned .
`` Presidents and their administrations have been talking to North Korea for 25 years , '' they tweeted , adding that this `` has n't worked '' .
Mr Trump did not elaborate further .
The two nations have been engaged in heated rhetoric over North Korea 's nuclear activities , with the US pressing for a halt of missile tests .
Pyongyang says it has recently successfully tested a miniaturised hydrogen bomb which could be loaded on to a long-range missile .
Image copyright AFP Image caption The US has been conducting military exercises with South Korea as part of what it describes as show of force missions
Image copyright Reuters Image caption There are fears that North Korea will soon have the capacity to hit the US mainland with a nuclear-tipped missile
President Trump has previously warned that the US could destroy North Korea if necessary to protect America 's national interests and defend its allies in the region .
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un on Saturday praised nuclear weapons as a `` powerful deterrent '' which guaranteed their country 's security , state media reported .
In a speech addressing `` the complicated international situation '' , they said such weapons had safeguarded `` the peace and security in the Korean peninsula and north-east Asia '' against the `` protracted nuclear threats of the US imperialists '' .
They said their country 's policy of simultaneously pursuing the development of nuclear weapons in parallel with moves to strengthen the economy was `` absolutely right '' .
North Korea recently launched two missiles over Japan and defied international condemnation to carry out its sixth nuclear test in September . It has promised to carry out another test in the Pacific Ocean .
There are fears in the West that is rapidly reaching the point where it is capable of developing a nuclear-tipped missile that could reach the US mainland .
Escalating tensions
Saturday 's tweets by President Trump are another cryptic announcement by America 's leader , the BBC 's Laura Bicker in Washington says .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson ( above ) has denied reports of a rift with President Trump
Last week , it was suggested that US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson had direct lines of communication with Pyongyang to try to resolve the escalating tensions .
Mr Trump then tweeted : `` Save your energy Rex , we 'll do what has to be done ! ''
On Saturday , the US president insisted they had a good relationship with their secretary of state , but added that Mr Tillerson could be tougher .
Earlier in the week , Mr Tillerson had denied rumours of a rift between the two men , amid media reports they had called the president a `` moron '' .
Mr Trump 's latest comment on North Korea could just be bluster - but the fear is that Pyongyang will interpret it as a threat , our correspondent says .
At a speech to the UN later that month , Mr Trump threatened to annihilate North Korea , saying the country 's leader , Kim Jong-un , '' is on a suicide mission '' .
In exchange , Mr Kim in a rare statement , vowed to `` tame the mentally deranged US dotard with fire '' .
Inside the world 's most secretive country
Image copyright NK News Image caption A group of `` young pioneers '' on the way home on the Pyongyang metro
Daily life goes on in world 's most secretive capital
The Kansas City Chiefs defense just suffered yet another blow .
This might be the worst so far .
Starting outside linebacker Justin Houston has been placed on the PUP list as they continue to rehab from an ACL injury .
He 'll be out at least six weeks , leaving Kansas City awfully thin at the linebacker position .
The # KCChiefs placed OLB Justin Houston ( ACL ) on PUP list , so he 's out 6 games . They are hopeful for a midseason return . — Ian Rapoport ( @ RapSheet ) August 30 , 2016
Houston had 30 tackles , 7.5 sacks and 2 interceptions last year . When healthy , they are one of the most feared pass rushers in the league and one of the most important players on the Chiefs .
Unfortunately this is not the only injury news coming out of Chiefs ' camp today .
Josh Mauga , an interior linebacker , will miss the season with a labral tear .
Josh Mauga is out for the season with a labral tear . — Terez A. Paylor ( @ TerezPaylor ) August 30 , 2016
Mauga had 58 combined tackles last season .
​
Kansas City had one of the best defenses in the league last year , and it was expected that they 'd be near the top in that department this year as well .
While they are expected to get a boost from the return of star safety Eric Berry , these injuries serve as a major obstacle .
It was reported earlier today that the Chiefs were interested in former Browns ' linebacker Paul Kruger . Considering the extent of these injuries , that talk is sure to heat up .
Alphabet 's Google saved $ 3.6 billion in worldwide taxes in 2015 by moving €14.9 billion ( $ 15.5 billion ) to a Bermuda shell company , new regulatory filings in the Netherlands reveal .
Some €12 billion of the money funnelled through the Dutch company in 2015 came from Google Ireland Limited , which collects most of Google 's international advertising revenues . The rest came from a Google subsidiary in Singapore that serves a similar role .
The Dutch company then transfers this money on to Google Ireland Holdings Unlimited , which has the right to license Google 's intellectual property outside the US . That company is based in Bermuda , which has no corporate income tax . The use of the two Irish entities is what gives the structure its “ double Irish ” moniker .
Subsidiary
The amount the company shifted through its Dutch subsidiary , Google Netherlands Holdings BV , and then on to a Bermuda mailbox was 40 per cent greater than in 2014 , according to filings the company made with the Dutch Chamber of Commerce on December 12th and which were made available online on Tuesday . News of the filings was first reported by the Dutch newspaper Het Financieele Dagblad .
Alphabet moves the bulk of its non-US profits through this Dutch subsidiary , which has no employees . The company has used the Netherlands company since 2004 as part of a tax structure dubbed a “ double Irish ” and a “ Dutch sandwich . ”
By moving most of its international profits to Bermuda , the company was able to reduce its effective tax rate outside the US to 6.4 per cent in 2015 , according to Alphabet 's filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) .
“ Google complies with the tax laws in every country where we operate , ” a Google spokesperson said in a statement . In February , Google also said such calculations of an effective tax rate do not reflect the methods actually used to determine its international taxes in any jurisdiction .
The total amount of profit Google had sheltered from US taxation , most of which passes through its Dutch subsidiary en route to Bermuda , grew to $ 58.3 billion in 2015 , according to Alphabet 's SEC filings .
Loophole
The government closed the tax loophole that permitted “ double Irish ” tax arrangements in 2015 . Companies already using the structure , however , are allowed to continue employing it until the end of 2020 .
Google is under pressure from regulators and tax authorities around the world for not paying enough tax . On Tuesday , Indonesia set a December 31st deadline for Google to resolve a tax dispute there , including a possible $ 223 million fine . The company 's offices in Spain and France have also been raided by tax investigators in the past year .
US president-elect Donald Trump has discussed possible changes to US tax laws in order to allow American companies to repatriate foreign profits at a one-time tax rate of 10 per cent . That would eliminate some of the incentive US companies currently have to hold foreign profits outside the US . Tech firms have some of the largest such stockpiles , with Apple holding $ 181 billion outside the US and Microsoft holding $ 94.4 billion , according to their 2015 annual SEC filings .
- Bloomberg
If timing is everything , in business and in politics , then this concurrence is sublime . The Trump Taj Mahal , the iconic New Jersey hotel that Donald Trump once called the “ eighth wonder of the world , ” is closing down , less than four weeks before Election Day , as its former owner reels from the publication of a damning Access Hollywood tape in which they can be heard boasting about groping women without their permission .
The minaret-studded casino , which for nearly a quarter century was a cornerstone of the Atlantic City boardwalk , officially shut its doors before 6 a.m. Monday after failing to reach a deal with union workers , who have been striking for months .
Although the Republican presidential nominee no longer has any financial interest in the hotel , it still bears their name . Trump stepped down as C.E.O . more than a decade ago and unloaded the casino in 2009 . Earlier this year , Carl Icahn , Trump 's fellow billionaire friend , whom the candidate once floated as a potential Treasury Secretary if they are elected president , bought the property out of bankruptcy . The bet did n't work out for Icahn , who said in a statement that the casino has hemorrhaged nearly $ 350 million in a few years . The closure leaves about 3,000 employees out of a job .
“ It was simply impossible to find a workable path forward that would not have required funding additional investments and losses in excess of $ 100 million over the next year , ” Icahn wrote .
The Trump Taj Mahal , a 17-acre Jersey Shore gambling hub which cost more than $ 1 billion to build , was a losing proposition since it opened its doors in 1990 . A report from CNN this summer found that the casino started bleeding money almost immediately , before filing for bankruptcy four times .
About two weeks after the Trump Taj Mahal opened , the now-G.O.P . nominee told Larry King in an interview that their new venture was “ a tremendous success. ” In reality , according to CNN , the casino 's bank account had less than zero dollars on four of the first 16 days that it had been open , amassing deficits of up to $ 1.7 million . Later that year , New Jersey approved a $ 65 million bailout for the hotel , and it filed for bankruptcy for the first time a year later .
Trump 's decades-old sit-down with King , in which they boasted about the success of their casino while it floundered financially , will sound more than familiar to anyone who has paid attention to the billionaire 's often baseless swaggering throughout the election : their post-debate claim that he 's won both showdowns with Hillary Clinton , for example , despite polls to the contrary ; or their insistence that they treat women with respect , even as they attack their weight , calls them “ pigs , ” and brags about groping them . If the Trump Taj Mahal was the eighth wonder , then the ninth has to be whatever reality Trump is living in . Now it 's a question of when that will close in on him , too .
Donald Trump FOLLOW Carl Icahn FOLLOW Follow to get the latest news and analysis about the players in your inbox . See All Players
Dear # Neo900 supporters , please find the updated schematics for proto_v2 and other goodies at https : //neo900.org/resources neo900 , 2016-11-09 12:02:30+01:00
Not a black box in your hand , not a tracker . I run free ! Yet I stay by your side . I look familiar ! Yet my < 3 is unborn . Who am I ? # Neo900 neo900 , 2016-08-10 18:41:03+02:00
Neo900 summer update ( part one , # KiCad ) https : //neo900.org/news/migrating-away-from-eagle-to-kicad hellekin , 2016-08-09 22:21:30+02:00
e.g . to grab our Electronics Engineering repo : git clone https : //neo900.org/git/ee.git hellekin , 2016-08-09 11:12:00+02:00
You can clone our repositories via HTTP again , see https : //neo900.org/git/ hellekin , 2016-08-09 10:53:28+02:00
Upcoming newsletter will talk about KiCad ... Stay tuned . hellekin , 2016-08-09 10:48:53+02:00
We migrated neo900.org from an old troublesome server to a shiny new machine . Testing the ublog . hellekin , 2016-08-06 17:30:19+02:00
Werner creates groundbreaking tools for kicad : graphical schematic diff . Check our git for sch2fig and eventually eeschow Joerg , 2016-08-05 23:13:24+02:00
second quarter of the generous donation from our annonymous supporter arrived . Many thanks ! Joerg , 2016-07-28 06:03:23+02:00
A little tool to allow KiCAD subsheet sorting : https : //neo900.org/git/ ? p=ee Joerg , 2016-07-28 06:01:36+02:00
new vulnerability found in modems http : //arstechnica.com/security/2016/07/software-flaw-puts-mobile-phones-and-networks-at-risk-of-complete-takeover/ - Neo900 immune design more valuabe than ever Joerg , 2016-07-25 08:23:24+02:00
migration to KiCAD proceeding better than we hoped for Joerg , 2016-07-25 08:19:28+02:00
another 20 N900 on their way , 20 more ordered Joerg , 2016-07-25 08:14:16+02:00
A nice specs comparison on our sister project Pyra : https : //www.pyra-handheld.com/wiki/index.php ? title=Comparison_Chart Joerg , 2016-04-17 02:01:29+02:00
PayPal resumes : # Neo900 sources again http : //neo900.org/news/paypal-resumes-neo900-sources-again hellekin , 2016-03-25 02:05:57+01:00
A big WELCOME to hellekin , our newest team member taking up on the task to update our web appearance Joerg , 2016-03-03 21:09:59+01:00
Finally our PayPal trouble timed out , so we can focus again on making proto_v2 . http : //talk.maemo.org/showthread.php ? p=1496288 Joerg , 2016-01-26 12:48:52+01:00
Neo900 UG congratulates Max Schrems and supports http : //curia.europa.eu/jcms/upload/docs/application/pdf/2015-10/cp150117en.pdf Cheers jOERG Joerg , 2015-10-06 22:07:28+02:00
New SEARCHABLE pdf schematics version at http : //neo900.org/stuff/eaglefiles/proto_v2/3-2015-09-09/GTA04b7-jr-2-beautify_fonts.pdf Cheers jOERG Joerg , 2015-09-09 03:19:00+02:00
We gon na order N900 mech parts 1st batch next week . Please place your preorder * now * if you want to be part of 1st batch . jOERG Joerg , 2015-09-04 16:34:51+02:00
PayPal payment is possible again . Please , if feasible at all , use bank transfer SEPA/SWIFT nevertheless . Sorry for the inconvenience.jOERG Joerg , 2015-09-04 16:22:45+02:00
PayPal payment presumably back to normal during next 72h . Sorry for the inconvenience . jOERG Joerg , 2015-09-01 16:50:40+02:00
Check out the lightning talk from CCCamp15 by Werner : http : //neo900.org/stuff/cccamp15/lightningtalk.mp4 Sebastian , 2015-08-16 14:54:17+02:00
For CCCAMP15 I am AFK for the next 14 days . sorry for any delays in answering your mails this will cause . jOERG Joerg , 2015-08-09 08:24:46+02:00
Why Neo900 ? See https : //www.buerger-cert.de/archive ? type=widtechnicalwarning & nr=TW-T15-0062 Joerg , 2015-07-29 17:42:18+02:00
Meet us on the CCCAMP15 https : //events.ccc.de/camp/2015/wiki/Village : Neo . There will be several talks by Werner and Paul Joerg , 2015-07-26 23:11:17+02:00
We have a first prototype for the spacer frame , milled from acrylic : http : //talk.maemo.org/showthread.php ? p=1477808 Werner , 2015-07-24 19:16:08+02:00
Someone announced our webshop on Slashdot before we did : ) The server is a bit struggling with the traffic , sorry for inconvienience ! Sebastian , 2015-05-21 17:42:46+02:00
Quick info - we 've just sent all the shop vouchers to our donors . If you donated > = 100 EUR and have n't got one - please holler ! Sebastian , 2015-05-18 03:30:25+02:00
Largely unnoticed by public , we updated and improved our http : //neo900.org/faq Joerg , 2015-05-04 21:44:11+02:00
Great progress in testing reworked BB-xM with Neo900 's PoP ( 1GB RAM and OneNAND ) - kudos to freemangordon ! http : //talk.maemo.org/showthread.php ? p=1467283 & postcount=2389 Sebastian , 2015-04-15 18:59:37+02:00
Fundraiser campaign for sourcing components inofficially started , see http : //talk.maemo.org/showthread.php ? p=1464976 ff - please hurry Joerg , 2015-03-26 08:08:33+01:00
Not surprised about : http : //mer-project.blogspot.com/2015/03/some-doubts-about-gpl-licensing-and-bq.html TA Carsten ! Joerg , 2015-03-18 16:27:44+01:00
Many exciting new details in the updated Neo900 IR white paper : http : //talk.maemo.org/showpost.php ? p=1464081 Werner , 2015-03-14 21:39:58+01:00
Success to boot Linux on 1GB-pimped BB-xM , to QA the PoP chips : -D Joerg , 2015-03-07 18:57:36+01:00
Check out the preliminary version of Neo900 's Hackerbus specification ! http : //talk.maemo.org/showthread.php ? p=1461954 # post1461954 Sebastian , 2015-02-25 02:15:33+01:00
excellent whitepaper NFC : http : //talk.maemo.org/showthread.php ? p=1455411 - many thanks To Werner Almesberger Joerg , 2015-01-05 20:20:58+01:00
Happy New Year to all our fans ! wishes the Neo900 team Joerg , 2015-01-01 02:18:31+01:00
Highly recommended read : http : //www.bunniestudios.com/blog/ ? p=4297 Joerg , 2014-12-29 14:01:16+01:00
Proto_V2 rel2 schematics : http : //neo900.org/stuff/eaglefiles/proto_v2/2_204-12-21/GTA04b7.sch.pdf Kudos to Nikolaus ! Happy XMas ! Joerg , 2014-12-21 19:11:46+01:00
got 70 1GB RAM for eval , http : //neo900.org/stuff/joerg/N9_1GB-RAM/DSC02144.jpeg & * . 2 BB-xM are about to get reworked Joerg , 2014-12-19 09:27:56+01:00
Livestream from OHSW talk : https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ahPFCFooBv0 Sebastian , 2014-11-29 16:17:46+01:00
First videos from OHSW2014 : https : //www.youtube.com/channel/UCP_U91ipVWsF_2EiG3s6BKA/feed - Agenda : http : //ohsw.org/ - Neo900 talk @ 16:05 CET Sebastian , 2014-11-29 13:21:30+01:00
Good luck to http : //jolla.com/tablet ! A project we love to see succeeding when it lives up to its promises Joerg , 2014-11-19 16:28:34+01:00
ANNOUNCEMENT : starting to source risk parts for board itself , like 1GB RAM and RGB LEDs for kbd backlight . Joerg , 2014-11-18 15:46:31+01:00
seems some still havent noticed the fine http : //neo900.org/stuff/block-diagrams/neo900/neo900.html interactive diagram : -D Joerg , 2014-11-13 16:15:48+01:00
OHSW2014 agenda is there ! Come to Munich @ Nov 29 or see livestreams . Do n't miss our talk : Crafting The Private Phone ! http : //ohsw.de/ Sebastian , 2014-11-07 14:42:19+01:00
some pseudo tear down of domesheet : http : //neo900.org/stuff/joerg/random-media/domesheet/ And see updates in block diagram ! Joerg , 2014-10-31 13:51:03+01:00
Check our latest stuff in http : //neo900.org/stuff/block-diagrams/ ! Better than text specs : -D Joerg , 2014-10-29 17:29:20+01:00
Thanks to Juho+FMG+jonwil we got some great info + great success on OpenSource PA bits : http : //wiki.maemo.org/Porting/Audio/Q_and_A_RE-PA Joerg , 2014-10-27 15:09:18+01:00
Welcoming Juho onboard FPTF team . N900/N9 first-hand experience as PA responsible . Our chances to sort audio just increased by factor100 Joerg , 2014-10-23 11:08:20+02:00
considering TRF7970A instead of NXPs PN544 for NFC . Definitely has better documentation thanks to TI standard on this Joerg , 2014-10-21 20:15:36+02:00
A few new photos of the mozilla device donation and battery charging : http : //neo900.org/stuff/joerg/random-media/55/ . Thanks again to mozilla ! Joerg , 2014-10-13 07:46:26+02:00
Ivaylo Dimitrov aka freemangordon , head/proj-lead of FPTF , asking for more sw-devels to help . Please meet them in freenode IRC Joerg , 2014-10-10 21:29:48+02:00
A huge Thank You to Mozilla and Henry Langi , for the hw-donation that just arrived in good condition Joerg , 2014-10-06 12:01:08+02:00
first draft of proto_V2 schematics ( partial ) , other goodies too . New subpage : http : //neo900.org/resources Joerg , 2014-10-05 04:09:09+02:00
First draft of schematics proto_V2 will soon be available on Neo900.org - stay tuned Joerg , 2014-10-04 20:32:53+02:00
Filed roundabout 10 forms and sent 15 mails , did 4 calls , to malke mozilla donation happen . Awaiting FedEx Joerg , 2014-10-01 20:54:33+02:00
3 more bb-xm arrived . Thanks a lot to Vladimir ! Got:4 , want:6 . Anyway proto_V2 brains secured Joerg , 2014-09-20 18:20:24+02:00
first beagleboard-xM arrived and tested for basic function ( booting ) . 3 more to come Joerg , 2014-09-20 15:47:34+02:00
BTW : Confirmation mails up to 2014-09-13 sent . If you donated via bank or GDC ( not PayPal ) and still have n't got one , please let us know ! Sebastian , 2014-09-14 01:40:03+02:00
Turns out that last `` latest numbers '' post was underestimated a bit . After correcting turns out we 're today at 346 devices total to build ! Sebastian , 2014-09-14 01:27:08+02:00
latest numbers : 242 money transfer devices + 69 PP devices = 311 devices total to build . Thanks to all supporters ! Joerg , 2014-09-04 19:19:32+02:00
we just finally nodded off contract with GDC about proto_V2 building . Everybody smiling , let the joy continue Joerg , 2014-09-04 19:16:56+02:00
JackPair https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=rh6yF79FkAA Neo900 UG thinks this is a great thing . Pondering to embed . Joerg , 2014-09-03 22:38:00+02:00
Received quote for proto_V2 , looks good . Finally back to comfort zone re joy in work Joerg , 2014-09-03 20:45:09+02:00
: wpwrak : now with 100 um : http : //neo900.org/stuff/werner/scans/ Joerg , 2014-09-02 18:04:43+02:00
6 pcs beagloard-xM ordered and paid , in preparation for proto_V3 ( formerly known as V2 ) Joerg , 2014-08-31 23:22:40+02:00
Werner started scanning the case : -D first results : http : //neo900.org/stuff/werner/scan/n900-bot-inside-500um.png Stay tuned for more to come Joerg , 2014-08-31 15:12:04+02:00
Company holidays finished . New whitepaper about IR : http : //talk.maemo.org/showpost.php ? p=1437131 & postcount=4 . Cheers , jOERG Joerg , 2014-08-28 11:39:48+02:00
Sorry I missed announcing company holidays . I am back in 2 weeks . jOERG Joerg , 2014-08-16 16:08:53+02:00
Confirmation mails up to 2014-08-08 sent . If you donated via other means than PayPal and still have n't got one , please let us know ! Sebastian , 2014-08-11 03:02:47+02:00
Today 's the last day of the transfer period . If you still have n't transfered your donation from GDC to UG , hurry up ! http : //talk.maemo.org/showthread.php ? t=93498 Sebastian , 2014-08-08 02:35:55+02:00
again a tiny movie about batt hotswap : http : //neo900.org/stuff/media/video/battswap/fastbattswap_slomo.MOV Joerg , 2014-07-28 15:21:13+02:00
Some people ask if they can still join the waiting list - yes ! The donations are still active ! Sebastian , 2014-07-27 22:28:28+02:00
Confirmation mails up to 2014-07-22 sent . If you donated via SEPA or GDC but have n't got one , please let us know . Sebastian , 2014-07-27 22:12:33+02:00
recent numbers : 225 devices , 33k EUR account ballance . GDC´s Proto_v2 quotation pending Joerg , 2014-07-24 12:55:15+02:00
Huge Thank You for awesome support to all donors ! Seems PayPal is quite popular . 23 donations via PP so far . Joerg , 2014-07-12 08:37:52+02:00
Comprehensive Newsletter Part2/3 : http : //neo900.org/news/july-trilogy-part-ii-the-present Joerg , 2014-07-11 12:12:18+02:00
Comprehensive Newsletter Part1/3 : http : //neo900.org/news/july-trilogy-part-i-the-past Joerg , 2014-07-08 01:28:03+02:00
Neo900 specs on our site just got a small update : http : //neo900.org/specs Sebastian , 2014-07-05 17:37:33+02:00
Our LTE modem module : http : //www.globalcertificationforum.org/certified-modules/4417.html ? view=certifiedmodule Joerg , 2014-07-02 20:03:26+02:00
Done ech eval for N97 main cam module . Should fit and save us the nasty SMIA95 socket . Also cheaper and alegedly better . Ticket Joerg , 2014-07-01 23:51:31+02:00
Q : GDC transferred 86.80 to UG . Am I still entitled for Neo900 device ? A : Your donation still counts for original amount of 100EUR , so YES Joerg , 2014-06-30 15:58:07+02:00
nice news related to Neo900 as well : https : //www.replicant.us/2014/06/replicant-4-2-on-the-goldelico-gta04/ Joerg , 2014-06-29 19:07:19+02:00
First draft of protoV2 schem at neo900.org/stuff/eaglefiles/20140517-Version2-wip/ . Evaluated N97maincam , looks good . No SMIA95 needed Joerg , 2014-06-28 03:49:52+02:00
HNS asked to get clear specs how to build protoV3 , to send a proper quote . Makes sense . so -- > Werner : Neo900 blkdiagram . Lots of accounting . Joerg , 2014-06-26 02:54:06+02:00
spotted 1GB-RAM+512MBflash PoP168 chip . KCE00E00CA-A506 - 1GB RAM Neo900 almost secured Joerg , 2014-06-25 14:26:15+02:00
DB-acct : 33 new transfers in , 1 direct donation , 4 PP - thanks to Nikolaus and donors ! Sigma_today : roundabout 6kEUR Joerg , 2014-06-24 19:11:47+02:00
Our website just got a small face lifting - http : //neo900.org/ - however , it 's not the end of planned changes : ) Sebastian , 2014-06-23 03:30:28+02:00
RE-organization mission accomplished . Now for more NEW organizing : D Joerg , 2014-06-23 00:01:50+02:00
Donating via PayPal is now possible ! See http : //neo900.org/donate Sebastian , 2014-06-22 23:27:36+02:00
PayPal account fully functional , stay tuned for PP payment for donations offered on site RSN Joerg , 2014-06-21 00:23:42+02:00
First donation from the USA arrived on new account , via https : //www.xoom.com/send/getstarted/payment . Flawless and fast : D Only USD5 fees Joerg , 2014-06-20 17:35:01+02:00
Current transfer status : 95 devices ( +4 prototypes ) , 18k EUR . Transfers already requested , but not processed yet by GDC are not included . Sebastian , 2014-06-19 21:45:00+02:00
PayPal account created . Usual hassle with getting it completed , verified , linked to bank , approved . Stay tuned ! Joerg , 2014-06-19 13:34:31+02:00
ProtoV2 spec and design ca . 70 % done . Will already demonstrate a working system of sorts . Joerg , 2014-06-19 03:54:32+02:00
However , it 's not the end of the changes on our website . Stay tuned ! Sebastian , 2014-06-19 03:31:28+02:00
In the run-up to the 2017 German federal elections , intense internal debates over positioning have begun within the political parties . Party strategists have to take into account a vast array of contradictory factors : What will be the political mood in September 2017 ? What issues will dominate the political agenda ? On which policy fields will voters attribute competency to the party and its figure-heads ? What do the base , the wings , the core constituencies want ? Which potential coalition seems most promising to credibly claim a shot at forming the next government ?
None of these questions are new to campaigners . What did change over time is the way political parties seek to tackle these challenges . In the more homogeneous German post-war society , mobilization of core constituencies was what decided elections . Accordingly , political parties aimed to mobilize their core constituencies with elaborate party and grassroots organizations . Today , deindustrialization has effectively eroded many of these socio-cultural milieus , provoking considerable voter fluctuations between the political camps . The workers and `` the common man '' for example , formerly core constituencies of the Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) , are now overwhelmingly voting for conservative or right-wing populist parties . Conversely , civil servants and public employees , a formerly conservative constituency , are voting for social democrats today . While voter turnout is falling year after year , the number of swing voters has gone up sharply . Political parties reacted to this trend by focusing less on core constituency mobilization , but by concentrating on winning over the swing voters at the center ( `` Neue Mitte '' ) . In the previous elections in 2012 , the Christian Democrats ( CDU ) even successfully fielded a demobilization campaign , securing a comfortable win by asymmetrically mobilizing its core constituencies and winning swing voters at the center . Instead of grassroots organizations , focus groups and opinion polls became the instruments of choice . However , the massive disruptions of the electoral landscapes in the United States ( Trump and Sanders insurgencies ) and Europe ( rise of right-wing populist parties ) have shown the limitations of such electoral engineering . What may look like a clever tactical move can easily be perceived as a lack of authenticity . In the worst case scenario , the party may lose both core constituencies and swing voters .
Despite all the talk of `` the end of ideologies '' , parties can not position themselves arbitrarily on the political map . Their own historical path , and even more importantly the socio-cultural life world of their supporters matter . These life worlds should not be understood as socio-economic classes but as discourse communities who share central promises and historical experiences , myths , worldviews and values . These discourse communities are not static , but change over time . However , compared to the sometimes abrupt positional changes of party leaderships , discourse communities change their positions pace of generational changes . Hence , if for tactical reasons a political party positions itself outside the lifeworld of its supporters , weak voter turnout and internal quarrels are the likely consequences .
The three dimensions of the graphs
The slides represent three dimensions . First , the official party line as defined by party conventions , programmatic platforms , and leadership committees . Second , the lifeworld of core constituencies , which are defined by the discourses and values predominant in social milieus . And finally the tactical debates between wings , factions and party leaders . The slides are informed by the interdependencies between these three dimensions , and aim to visualize the distortions which may arise between the highly stable lifeworlds and the highly dynamic tactical maneuvers of leaders and strategists . This tool aims at facilitating strategic debates . The exact party positions are based on personal perceptions and of course up for debate .
How were the graphs created ?
In June 2016 , FES International Policy Analysis published the first visualization of the German political party field with the stated aim of making internal strategy debates known to a wider public . The ensuing debates on social media were fascinating if controversial , and have encouraged us to visualize the party landscape of Sweden , Canada , the Netherlands and France . It became clear , however , that there is a need to clarify once more what exactly this visualization intends to show .
In the Anglo-Saxon literature , the material poles were simply named `` Left '' and `` Right '' . The material axis reflects the different governance paradigm when it comes to primary and secondary distribution of goods . From a continental , especially German perspective , however , `` Left '' and `` Right '' are equally associated with positions which in our scheme would be qualified as „ Libertarian “ or „ Authoritarian “ on the cultural axis . To avoid further misunderstandings , the material poles are now renamed the material poles as `` Egalitarian '' and `` Elitist '' , to reflect the primary target groups political parties struggle for in the distributional conflict .
There were questions about the empirical base of this visualization . Discourse analysis , the analytical instrument applied to produce these maps , however , is qualitative , not quantitative tools . If you dismiss the results as „ subjective “ , please keep in mind the objective of the exercise : to encourage public debate , not to document them academically .
The visualisation of discourses
Some have criticised that the positions of the parties do not reflect their actions in government . Again , two clarifications : First , what is visualized are discourses , not policies . Second , these maps are snapshots of the current discourse landscape . In a dynamic field , the positions of April 2017 are different from those in June 2016 , and are likely to have yet again moved in a year from now . To make this dynamism visible , I have added some historical party positions .
What is important to note is that political leaders , party platforms and lifeworlds move at different speed . While the tactical positions of political figureheads ( depicted as arrows with quotes ) can shift on a weekly basis , party platforms ( the boldly coloured dots ) moved between party conventions and elections , and the lifeworlds of core supporters ( lightly coloured ellipses ) over the course of generations . Why is this so important ? Different tactical positions result in conflicts between party wings . If the party platform is positioned outside of the lifeworld , however , voter demobilization and even party splits can be the outcome . Arguably , it was the disconnection between the social democratic lifeworld and the `` Neue Mitte SPD '' which produced the WASG ( later merged with Die Linke ) , and the strain between the Union lifeword and the `` Volkspartei der Mitte '' which gave rise to the Alternative for Germany ( AfD ) .
