Jordan Armenise
From Hamilton , Ontario , Canada , Jordan Armenise began their sports broadcasting journey with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League . It was in this role where they were able to merge their best attributes : sports knowledge and personality . While with the Ticats , Jordan provided live analysis and interviews while developing a digital portfolio of one-on-one interviews , episodic sports comedy and full length sports & news features . They have also worked with CBC Sports for Hockey Night in Canada , the 2014 Sochi Olympics and Special Olympics as well as roles with Cineflix and Cream Productions as an Assistant Director .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke and House Republicans are escalating their feud with an outdoor retail company that opposes the Trump administration 's plan to shrink two sprawling Utah national monuments .
The House Natural Resources Committee said in a tweet that clothing giant Patagonia is “ lying ” about Trump 's plan in order “ to sell more products to wealthy elitist urban dwellers from New York to San Francisco . ”
The tweet comes after Patagonia replaced its usual home page with a black screen and stark message : “ The President Stole Your Land. ” Patagonia filed suit last week to block the planned reduction to Bears Ears National Monument .
Zinke retweeted the Resources committee post on their official account .
Advertisement
Former government ethics chief Walter Shaub tweeted that Zinke “ misused their official position by retweeting this wildly inappropriate tweet . ”
LONDON — British police are investigating six claims of sexual assault or assault by Academy Award-winning actor Kevin Spacey , three more than previously disclosed .
British media reported earlier this year that London 's Metropolitan Police force was investigating three allegations against the former “ House of Cards ” star .
Police in Britain do n't name suspects until they are charged . Asked about Spacey , the force did not identify them by name but said Wednesday that detectives had received a total of five allegations of sexual assault and one of assault against a man .
Five of the alleged offenses took place in London between 1996 and 2008 , and the sixth in the western English city of Gloucester in 2013 .
Spacey , a two-time Oscar winner , has been accused of sexual assault and inappropriate behavior by numerous men since actor Anthony Rapp alleged last year that Spacey had climbed on top of them on a bed when Rapp was 14 and Spacey 26 .
After Rapp 's allegation , London 's Old Vic theater , where Spacey was artistic director for 11 years until 2015 , launched an investigation into its former leader . The theater said in November that it had received 20 allegations of inappropriate behavior by Spacey , and had encouraged 14 of the complainants to go to the police .
Spacey apologized to Rapp in October for “ deeply inappropriate drunken behavior ” and later released a statement saying they were seeking unspecified treatment . They have not commented on the other allegations .
In the wake of the allegations they were fired from political drama “ House of Cards ” and erased from Ridley Scott feature “ All the Money in the World. ” The film “ Billionaire Boys Club , ” a financial drama Spacey shot in 2015 , is due for release this summer .
Savannah MLA Anthony Eden has set their sights on what they say is an agenda being pushed by the LGBTQ community in the US and Canada to influence young children about their lifestyle and he 's worried it could take root here .
Mr. Eden addressed the issue in the LA on Friday ( 16 March . )
They highlighted Canada 's inclusion of Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity ( SOGI ) in their school curriculum , as well as , attacks on Bermuda for its repeal of law changes legalising same-sex marriage .
” After hearing all the good stuff by the Premier and the Minister of Financial Services ect . what we are doing let 's make sure we do not lose things down the wash for the wrong reason from the wrong people , ” said Mr. Eden .
There were no accompanying calls for action Mr. Eden said they just felt int necessary to raise these issues in the House .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Print
Promotional food grade plastic bags might be getting a “ bum rap. ” A growing number of entrepreneur , especially merchants , are avoiding using plastic shopping bags in their stores . This phenomenon is mostly in action to a brand-new awareness of the environment and is an effort to minimize the amount of plastic that goes into local landfills .
Unfortunately , promotional food grade plastic bags are frequently unfairly targeted as culprits of pollution . While it holds true that numerous plastics , including plastic shopping bags , do not break down in an eco-friendly way , plastic shopping bags really represent a very little percentage of the plastics that wind up in land fills .
In fact , proof recommends that the quantity of plastic in land fills in locations where plastic shopping bags have been prohibited has actually not decreased significantly . In some locations it has even increased .
Marketing shopping bags have actually long been a staple of lots of organisations ' advertising efforts . Supermarket is the most visible and typical example of food grade plastic bags being an essential part not just of advertising but of day to day operations and customer support .
Supplying marketing food grade plastic bags to shoppers utilized to be thought about an essential element of attentive client service . Not to do so would have been a significant trouble to the majority of customers , especially in grocery stores where a bulk of shoppers purchase various products at one time .
Merchants who hesitate to get rid of plastic shopping bags from their shops , however do not want to add to global warming : take heart . It is unnecessary to stop buying marketing food grade plastic bags to decrease your carbon footprint . You can continue to offer this crucial service to your customers while still encouraging preservation and duty by doing these four things :
1 ) Produce an in-store recycling program : Offer a place in your store where consumers can bring in their old plastic shopping bags for recycling .
2 ) Charge a small per-bag cost : Clients who actually want bags do n't mind paying a few cents for them . Those who do n't want to pay will more than happy to bring their own bags from home . Use the charges that you collect to implement a bag recycling program , utilize them to acquire carbon balanced out credits , or donate the money collected to an environmental project or group .
3 ) Encourage consumers to re-use your bags : Deal a reward , such as a small discount rate , to consumers who bring back your plastic shopping bags for re-use in your shop .
4 ) Educate your consumers about other ways to re-use plastic shopping bags : For instance , many people re-use them in your home as trash can . Motivating consumers to find other usages for them means fewer wind up in land fills .
While some places have banned food grade plastic bags , leaders in more locations concur that a total restriction does more damage than good . It 's far better , most believe , to inform the local public about prudent usage of plastic shopping bags . In the end , they believe that it causes fewer of them in the garbage dump . Company owner , therefore , can continue to supply their customers with advertising food grade plastic bags with confidence as part of their marketing campaign and client service programs .
Read more about food grade plastic bags : http : //www.yltpacking.com .
Does music make you want to move , or stop everything and listen ? I suppose it depends on what music you 're listening to . How about Beethoven 's 5th ?
On August 5th the Kentucky Symphony Orchestra gave folks a chance to sit or move at an outdoor concert in Covington . You could run a 5k which kicked off with the famous opening notes of the famous 5th , or you could sit on the lawn and enjoy every note .
Event organizers say the trick is to make it back to the band shell before the KSO wrapped up their performance . They estimate playing time of 28 minutes . Sounds like a 9 minute mile . How about it ?
Leave a Comment
The West Texas maker of bump stocks has temporarily suspended taking new orders while it fills those that have already been placed . The device was used by the Las Vegas shooter to make their rifle fire like an automatic weapon .
Some gun sellers told CNNMoney that customers are rushing to buy the accessories out of fear of tighter gun controls after Sunday 's massacre . The devices allow a semiautomatic rifle to fire hundreds of rounds per minute .
But some retailers have pulled the $ 150- $ 300 accessory from websites .
The gunman in Las Vegas , Stephen Paddock , outfitted 12 of the rifles they had in their suite at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino with bump stocks . They managed to kill 58 concert-goers from their 32nd-floor perch . Almost 500 were injured .
On Thursday , the National Rifle Association joined the Trump administration and top congressional Republicans in seeking to regulate bump stocks .
Jeremiah Cottle , the owner of Slide Fire Solutions in Moran , Texas , which manufactures the device , has come under a barrage of criticism since the Las Vegas shootings . Moran is about 125 miles west of Fort Worth near Abilene .
A note on their website Friday said , “ We have decided to temporarily suspend taking new orders in order to provide the best service with those already placed. ” It asks customers to sign up to be notified when the accessories become available .
Cottle told the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives that their device was intended for people with limited use of their hands . He 's been selling bump stocks since 2010 .
They have declined to talk about the episode , but told The Dallas Morning News on Thursday that if their business was forced to close down , “ it would hurt the whole town , the school . We pay a very large amount of property taxes . I 'm one of the largest businesses in Shackelford County . ”
In one of the more bizarre stories of the weekend , Poldark chief Debbie Horsfield has refuted rumours regarding a musical adaptation of the hit BBC show .
They explained that the rumours of a West End adaptation of Winston Graham 's ' legendary Cornish novels , : “ Was just a joke ! ” They added that , “ What I said in an interview was that [ Poldark composer ] Anne Dudley and I had been joking about it. ” They insisted there was no chance , continuing to state , “ That is all I said… at no point have we ever discussed this as an actual thing that 's happening . It was literally just a jokey conversation over lunch ! ”
They did however , tease the developments coming in Poldark 's fourth season , which is due to commence filming next month . Following the heartbreaking conclusions of the third season , Horsfield teased , “ Ross and Demelza not knowing where their relationship was going , leaving it at a critical point… it just seemed a perfect place to end this series. ” It sounds like it wo n't be getting repaired quickly though , because they will only “ begin to explore the ramifications of what 's just happened in series 4 . ”
Check out the trailer for Poldark series three below :
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The family of A1307 crash victim Gail Brown have spoken on their 'stomach-churning despair ' at losing their 'beautiful Gail ' .
Gail , 56 , of Lowry Close in Haverhill died after Sarah Hand crashed into their vehicle on the A1307 just three days before Christmas .
Them heartbroken sister Lorraine said their family was `` grief-stricken '' after losing Gail in the three-car collision caused by Hand of Aragon Road , Haverhill .
Hand , 50 , had taken a cocktail of drugs and alcohol just four hours before the crash , including vodka , gin , cannabis and cocaine before crashing with two other cars at 12.15pm on December 22 .
The pain of losing Gail was still too raw for some family members , including Gail 's husband Ian and their parents Pat and Michael , who did not attend court .
Hand was sentenced to eight years in custody for three counts of causing death by careless driving .
Lorraine , Gail 's sister , struggled to hold back tears as they read their victim impact statement to the hearing at Cambridge Crown Court today ( February 2 ) .
Parent faces of 'grief-stricken torment '
Lorraine said : “ How does one even begin to find the words to write about how the death of a much-loved family member feels ?
“ Words like devastated , heartbroken and inconsolable have no real meaning as they do n't even touch the stomach-churning despair we all feel .
“ As their sister I am heartbroken .
“ The pain doubles when I see the grief-stricken torment on my elderly parents ' faces . ”
'She should not have been in that coffin '
Lorraine called their sister 's death 'heinous ' .
They added their parents , Pat and Michael , have lost any happiness in their later life .
Lorraine added Gail and their husband were a wonderful couple who did everything together .
“ Ian 's whole future has been blown to smithereens , ” they said .
They added : “ She should not have been in that coffin . They loved life .
“ She was simply driving home to start their Christmas break but they never arrived . The police arrived instead . ”
'No sentence will bring Gail back '
Gail 's stepdaughters , nephew and two-year-old grandson have all been affected by Gail 's death .
“ How will they feel when they see the person who killed Gail going about their life as normal ? ” Lorraine added .
“ As a family we are all too aware any sentence will not bring Gail back . ”
Lorraine said Hand showed “ total disregard for other road users , including Gail ” .
They said the family wanted to see justice done by use of the maximum sentencing .
A victim impact statement read by Gail 's father , Michael Hickman , was also read to the court .
A1307 crash - Sarah Hand jailed Sarah Hand has been jailed for eight years after pleading guilty to three counts of causing death by careless driving . What are the charges ? Causing death by careless driving when over the prescribed limit of alcohol . Causing death by careless driving while over the specified limit for a specified limit for a specified controlled drug , namely cocaine . Causing death by careless driving while over the specified limit for a specified controlled drug , namely cannabis .
'We are living in a trance '
They said : “ We will never forget that awful moment Ian called on us in the company of police officers to tell us of their death in a road accident . ”
They told the court they and their wife are both 82 and said they are still “ living in a trance ” and find it difficult to meet people and need medication to cope .
Gail Brown was 'wonderful , bubbly person '
Gail 's mother has lived in Haverhill all their life . Michael said since the accident the couple have changed their entire routine to stop meeting people they know .
“ It 's quite probable they would have come to see us that afternoon on their way home , ” Michael wrote .
They added : “ She was a wonderful , bubbly person whose caring nature touched the lives of people wherever they went . ”
Family took down Christmas decorations after death confirmed
Gail 's parents took down all of the Christmas decorations in their home two hours after finding out they had died .
Them father said in their statement the family will now face “ a lifetime of Christmases of grief and painful memories ” .
Gail 's father said they felt anger at Hand for causing the death of their daughter and wrote : “ I prefer the description murdered my daughter . ”
Driver accused of causing A1307 death appears in court
Milestones missed
The court also heard about how difficult it had been for the family to live through all the celebrations they should have been had with their beloved daughter , wife and sister .
Christmas Day was left uncelebrated , presents were hidden and decorations taken down .
January 24 was Gail 's mother 's birthday .
January 30 should have been Gail Brown 's 57th birthday .
Gail and Ian had been together for 17 years and had celebrated their anniversary six days before the crash .
Paying tribute to Gail at the time of the crash their husband Ian , parents Pat and Michael , sister Lorraine and nephew David , said : “ We are totally devastated at the loss of our beautiful Gail .
“ Words ca n't express how we feel at the moment , but we take immense comfort from all the messages of support we have received from the many , many people who knew and loved them
“ She will be sorely missed by so many people . We kindly ask for some time to grieve in private . ”
It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple 's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
The Punjab government seems to be committed to completing the Orange Line Metro Train ( OLMT ) project at any cost as it has resumed construction near Chuburji in violation of court orders , Pakistan Today has learnt .
Chuburji is among 11 historical sites along which the Lahore High Court ( LHC ) ordered a halt in construction for the project .
The OLMT project which became the talk of the town after a large number of residents and commuters began to suffer as a result of the construction work has also been controversial on other grounds .
The executing body of the OLMT project , the Lahore Development Authority ( LDA ) had awarded contracts to two construction companies for package 1 and 2 . The contract of package 1 , from Dera Gujran to Chuburji , was rewarded to Habib Construction Service ( HCS ) while Maqbool Colson JV was responsible to for package 2 , from Chuburji to Ali Town .
The proposed site for the project was Ali Town to Dera Gujran along the Grand Trunk ( GT ) Road to the railway station , across the city centre via Lakshmi Chowk , McLeod Road and Lake Road to Chauburji , before heading south-west along Multan Road and Raiwind Road .
Soon after the project started in Oct 2015 , a number of petitions were filed in court against it , with civil society members and environmentalists expressing their concerns .
The Lahore High Court on Jan 28 , 2016 , granted a stay order on a petition which stated that the Punjab government was violating the Antiquity Act , 1975 .
The court in its verdict on August 19 ordered the government to stop all construction work of the project within 200 feet of eleven historical buildings and ordered the formation of a review committee to assess the effects of the construction at these historical sites .
The eleven sites are Chauburji , Saint Andrew Church , GPO building , the tomb of Zeb-un-Nisa , Supreme Court Registry Branch , Aiwan-e-Auqaf , Shalimar Gardens , Budhu ka Awa , the tomb of Baba Mauj Daria , Lakshmi Building , and Shah Chiragh Building .
The court also nullified all previously granted no objection certificates ( NOC ) , and revised NOCs were obtained for the resumption of work on the OLMT .
Construction work continued , except at the prohibited 11 sites , but in the first week of October 2016 , LDA suspended the contract of Maqbool Colson JV . This contract was suspended after a Chinese inspection team found that the contractor had compromised on quality and flouted standard procedures .
The LDA in November re-awarded the contract to another construction company ZKB Reliable , but the court stopped the new contractor from working based on a petition filed by the former contractor Maqbool Colson . However , On December 15 , the court allowed LDA to send a work letter to ZKB Reliable to resume work on package 2 .
However , Maryam Hussain , a spokesperson for the Lahore Conservation Society alleged that this new contractor soon started work at one of the prohibited sites—Chuburji . “ It was brought to our knowledge that ZKB Reliable has installed machinery at the half-constructed pillars built near Chuburji . When we reached there , workers were carrying out construction work and dispersed when they were told that they were violating court orders ” they said and accused the government of allowing the contractor to restart their work . “ No contractor or worker would by themselves dare to restart work at the site when the matter is sub judice , ” they said .
Advocate Azhar Siddique , while talking to Pakistan Today , said that they had brought the matter of this new violation near Chuburji to the knowledge of the concerned authorities but they had not responded so far . They said that the government has committed contempt of court and they will move a petition for contempt next week .
During a survey of the site by Pakistan Today , it could be seen that the contractor had posted its banners on the pillars near Chuburji , and had also installed scaffolding with the pillars which have are already constructed within 20-25 meters of the historic building .
Sohail Janjua , a spokesperson of the LDA , rejected any violation of court orders . Talking to Pakistan Today , they said that such claims are nothing but propaganda against the government and that the LDA and other government agencies are committed to following the court 's orders .
CAPITALS-MAPLE-LEAFS
Bozak 's OT goal gives Maple Leafs series lead over Capitals
Tyler Bozak scored 1:37 into overtime to cap Toronto 's comeback from two goals down in the second period , and the Maple Leafs beat the Washington Capitals 4-3 Monday night to take a 2-1 lead in the first-round series .
Auston Matthews and Nazem Kadri each had a goal and an assist , and William Nylander also scored for Toronto . Frederik Andersen made 23 saves .
Advertisement
Toronto trailed 2-0 in the first period , and then 3-1 early in the second before Kadri and Nylander scored 4:07 apart late to tie the score in the final minute of the period .
Alex Ovechkin , Nicklas Backstrom and Evgeny Kuznetsov all scored for the Presidents ' Trophy-winning Capitals . Braden Holtby stopped 24 shots .
All three games so far have been decided in overtime .
Game 4 is Wednesday night .
UNLV-ATHLETIC DIRECTOR
UNLV hires Reed-Francois to lead athletics department
UNLV has hired Desiree Reed-Francois as its next athletic director , making them the first Hispanic female AD at the Football Bowl Subdivision .
Reed-Francois ' hiring , announced Monday , will be effective June 1 . They replace Tina Kunzer-Murphy , who is stepping down at the end of the academic school year to work for the UNLV Foundation .
The 45-year-old Reed-Francois has been the deputy athletic director at Virginia Tech since 2014 and was the interim athletic director at Cincinnati for five months earlier that year . They spent two years as senior associate athletic director at Cincinnati and has a nearly two-decade sports administration career with stops in Tennessee , Fresno State , Santa Clara , San Jose State , California and San Francisco .
Reed-Francois was a rower while attending UCLA .
We 've been big fans of Au Naturale Cosmetics for a while now , and our love has deepened with the ungraded mineral powder foundation distribution “ spray ” foundation in the color match for me–Punaluu .
One of the major drawbacks of mineral powders is the packaging , where shallow jars of powder can lead to pigment flying everywhere . Au Naturale created an ingenious foundation package that squirts the powder on your brush , as opposed to all over the sink and your favorite white work blouse .
The mineral powder is still non-heavy and leaves my face feeling “ light , ” and now the packaging allows for easier travel and a whole lot less mess .
Good job , Au Naturale !
The Arkansas Supreme Court halted the executions of two men originally scheduled to be put to death Monday night , putting another legal roadblock in place in the state 's plan to conduct eight lethal injections before its supply of a key drug expires at the end of April .
Justices in a 4-3 decision granted stays Monday afternoon for Don Davis and Bruce Ward . The inmates wanted stays of execution while the U.S. Supreme Court takes up a separate case concerning access to independent mental health experts by defendants . The U.S. high court is set to hold oral arguments on April 24 .
Three Arkansas justices dissented , with Associate Justice Shawn Womack writing that Ward and Davis `` had their day in court , the jury spoke , and decades of appeals have occurred . The families are entitled to closure and finality of the law . ''
The inmates ' attorneys argued that their clients were denied access to independent mental health experts , saying Ward has a lifelong history of severe mental illness and that Davis has an IQ in the range of intellectual disability .
Attorney General Leslie Rutledge said they would seek an immediate review of the state high court 's ruling , but did not indicate where . They could ask either the state court or the U.S. Supreme Court for the review . Rutledge said in a status update with the 8th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals that they believe the state court 's ruling was based on a misinterpretation of federal law .
This was just the latest setback for the state 's plan to execute eight prisoners before its supply of the sedative midazolam expires at the end of the month . If court proceedings are pushed into May , Arkansas wo n't be able to carry out the executions with the drugs it has on hand .
The Arkansas high court already had issued one stay for Ward after a Jefferson County judge said they did n't have the authority to halt Ward 's execution . Ward 's attorneys have argued they are a diagnosed schizophrenic with no rational understanding of their impending execution .
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Also , a federal judge has halted all of the planned executions on different grounds . The state has appealed that ruling to the 8th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals , which had n't weighed in as of mid-afternoon .
The state was still moving forward with plans to conduct the Monday night executions in the event that all stays were lifted . A spokesperson for Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge had no immediate comment on the latest stays , saying the office was still reviewing the court 's order .
Meanwhile , the Arkansas Supreme Court also barred a state judge who blocked the multiple execution plan from taking up any death penalty related cases after they participated in a protest where they appeared to mimic a death row inmate about to receive a lethal injection . Justices reassigned any death penalty cases from Pulaski County Circuit Court Judge Wendell Griffen , who banned the state from using a lethal injection drug a supplier said was misleadingly obtained . After issuing the order , Griffen participated in an anti-death penalty demonstration where they were strapped to a cot . The high court asked a disciplinary panel to consider whether Griffen violated the code of conduct for judges .
At a federal court hearing last week , prison officials testified they must conduct the executions with their current batch of midazolam , a sedative that is intended to mask the effects of drugs that will shut down the inmates ' lungs and hearts . The inmates say midazolam is unsuitable because it is not a painkiller and could subject them to a cruel and unusual punishment in violation of the U.S. Constitution .
0:36 Dallas officer shoots man who intentionally rammed a police vehicle Pause
0:31 Arlington Police 's 10 Most Wanted Criminals , April 13
3:17 Jeff Banister addresses Sam Dyson after Sunday 's loss
11:30 Two views of Jacqueline Craig 's arrest : See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side
0:43 Thieves posing as water dept . employees trick an elderly woman and steal from them
1:40 West 7th gets another grocery store Wednesday
1:58 Rangers closer Sam Dyson talks after latest blown save
1:20 Cole Hamels seeking more strikes in next Rangers start
1:35 Yu Darvish aims for better command in second start
Lisa has been writing about technology , careers , science and health since 1995 . They rose to the lofty heights of Executive Editor for eWEEK , popped out with the 2008 crash and joined the freelancer economy . Alongside Naked Security Lisa has written for CIO Mag , ComputerWorld , PC Mag , IT Expert Voice , Software Quality Connection , Time , and the US and British editions of HP 's Input/Output .
Mike Edmonds says subcontractors have to wait up to 100 days to get paid .
Mike Edmonds says subcontractors have to wait up to 100 days to get paid . Picture : Picture : Mogens Johansen
The State 's building industry is in upheaval after the collapse of more than 20 construction companies in five years , owing subcontractors tens of millions of dollars .
Subcontractors WA believes the situation could get worse , with spokesperson Louise Stewart claiming the industry had fears for the financial viability of another four companies , which they would not name .
The extent of the problem was highlighted last month when one of WA 's most respected builders , Cooper & Oxley , locked its sites and called in administrators after 65 years , leaving some subcontractors up to $ 1 million out of pocket .
Subcontractor Mike Edmonds has called on the State Government to step in urgently to help an industry in turmoil .
Mr Edmonds said they had to tell their two young children last year there would be no Christmas because builders had failed to pay $ 45,000 owing to him .
They said most of the money was more than 60 days overdue , but like all subcontractors they knew that any outstanding debt not paid by December 1 tended not to get paid until January , or more likely February .
WA builders Cooper and Oxley suspended trading following financial problems . The West Australian WA builders Cooper and Oxley suspended trading following financial problems .
It broke their heart when their 11-year-old son consoled him . “ It was soul destroying , ” they said .
The law stipulates subcontractors should be paid within 42 days , but they said payments were usually made in 90 to 100 days .
They said the industry was caught in a vicious cycle of non-payment , with some of those who owed them unable to pay because they had not been paid .
Despite the lack of regular income , subcontractors are legally required to continue paying GST , pay-as-you-go tax instalments , and wages and invoices from suppliers , who threaten to cut them off if they do not meet 30-day payment deadlines .
The protest follows the closure of troubled WA builders Cooper and Oxley . The West Australian The protest follows the closure of troubled WA builders Cooper and Oxley .
“ I ca n't go into Coles or Woolies and say I 'll pay you in 90 days , ” Mr Edmonds said .
They have been called by several women to counsel their distraught subcontractor husbands who were “ up to their necks in debt ” .
“ Two suicides have made the newspaper , but I know it has cost three or four other people their lives. ” they said .
They said adjudication systems were too costly , with one friend spending $ 5000 to try to recover a $ 6000 debt .
Another subcontractor friend was forced to write off $ 300,000 and another lost their home when a builder went under .
They said many could not afford bad debt insurance , which would cost $ 25,000 for their small business of two employees . They wrote off $ 10,000 in bad debt each year .
Ms Stewart called on the State Government to set up “ specific ” bank accounts for $ 1 million-plus projects to ensure timely payments .
“ Builders are using money from subcontractors to cashflow their businesses and that is not a stable or viable business model , ” they said .
Ms Stewart said the job specific accounts would prevent “ phoenixing ” , where a company declares bankruptcy , releasing it from its debts , only for directors to open a new business in the same field .
The Government has set up an industry advisory group to help improve security of payments .
More Videos
1:12 How Gamecock men 's basketball success is paying forward to this year 's team
1:23 Frank Martin says there are different ways to be a leader . Who will step forward ?
2:01 Who will start at guard for the Gamecock men 's basketball team ?
1:29 Frank Martin : 'This university is not being investigated . '
1:20 Frank Martin 's wife , Anya , to dance at football half-time
1:05 Sindarius Thornwell reached out to Rakym Felder . Here 's what they said
2:10 Sindarius Thornwell preparing for rookie season in the NBA
3:06 SC ProAm concludes sixth season
2:22 Sindarius Thornwell returns to Columbia after NBA Summer League
3:08 After five years , Chris Silva got to go home
1:18 NBA star plays at SC ProAm
ORLANDO , Fla. ( AP ) — A Florida woman lit a cigarette , sparking an explosion of a propane barbeque grill being transported in their SUV .
Orlando police Lt. Cindy Lane tells news outlets that the grill was turned on and the propane tank was open in the back of the red Kia Sorento as they left a barbeque at the Central Florida Fairgrounds on Sunday afternoon .
Lane says the woman and their husband were burned and their sports utility vehicle was severely damaged . The couple 's injuries are not considered to be life-threatening .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Can Aaron Sandilands and Sean Darcy fit in the same Fremantle Dockers side ? The West Australian
Fitting lumbering ruck pair Aaron Sandilands and Sean Darcy into the same side will be a challenge this season , but one Fremantle coach Ross Lyon says they are willing to take up .
The use of the ruck master and their apprentice is looming as one of the key decisions for the Dockers as they count down to their round one appointment with Port Adelaide at Adelaide Oval .
Darcy 's summer on the track has been slowed by a calf tear but the 19-year-old is in line to play in the JLT Community Series and make their case for the season opener .
Sandilands and Darcy are yet to be tested as a ruck combination . They were both selected in round 15 last season against St Kilda as Sandilands returned from injury . However , the veteran re-injured their hamstring just 18 minutes into the game and Darcy was forced to carry the ruck for the remainder of the match .
“ I think it 's a challenge for them to both play in the same team , and one they can overcome , ” Lyon told the AFL website .
“ But we 'll have to have a look at it and give it an opportunity for a period of time to see how it works . There 's no firm decision yet on that . ”
Fremantle Dockers ruckmen Aaron Sandilands and Sean Darcy . Picture : The West Australian
Fremantle and West Coast are shaping as two of the few clubs who will try to employ two genuine ruckmen this season , amid a shift towards more mobile running ruck backups .
Meanwhile , Lyon said banished star Harley Bennell needed to achieve skin fold and fitness targets during their eight-week ban before Fremantle would consider them again .
Bennell was sent to train with WAFL club Peel after being thrown out of a nightclub before training resumed following the Christmas break .
The troubled 25-year-old has played just two AFL games in their first two seasons at the Dockers , which were ruined by repeated calf injuries .
“ We 're all disappointed that Harley is n't with us and ( that ) the investment , at this point in time , has n't paid off , ” Lyon said .
“ If we go over the last two years I could still make a strong case for a lot of the things Harley did right , but clearly some things have gone a way that we did n't enjoy and needed to be held accountable and addressed . ”
SEVEN-TIMES champion Serena Williams moved up a gear at Wimbledon to beat Bulgarian qualifier Viktoriya Tomova 6-1 6-4 on Wednesday and reach the third round .
The 36-year-old American barely broke sweat in a one-sided first set but was tested by the world no . 135 in the second without ever looking troubled . While the Centre Court crowd clearly appreciated the sight of Williams in full flow they took a shine to the plucky Tomova who battled hard to make a match of it .
Camera Icon Serena Williams is gunning for their eighth Wimbledon title . Picture : AFP
Even ultimate warrior Williams , who was unable to defend their 2016 Wimbledon title last year because they were pregnant , applauded a couple of their opponent 's winners late in the second set before completing victory in 66 minutes . “ It was better than my first round and I 'm happy that I 'm going in the right direction , ” said 25th-seeded Williams .
Serena 's victory followed elder sister Venus ' hard-fought battle to see off Romania 's Alexandra Dulgheru 4-6 6-0 6-1 .
Camera Icon The champ showed their displeasure after losing this point . Picture : AP
Five-time champion Venus , 38 , turned up the heat after getting off to a rocky start and defeated their world No . 141 opponent in just under two hours , advancing to the third round for the 18th time in their career .
Elsewhere , Karolina Pliskova proved too strong for Victoria Azarenka in the battle of former world No . 1s , prevailing 6-3 6-3 in 72 minutes to enter the third round at Wimbledon for the first time in their career .
Camera Icon Bulgaria 's Viktoriya Tomova was plucky but no match for Serena Williams . Picture : AP
The Czech world no . 8 had lost in the second round at the England Club for five straight years since 2013 .
They next plays in-form Romanian Mihaela Buzarnescu , who hardly broke sweat as they dismissed Briton Katie Swan 6-0 6-3 in one hour 14 minutes .
Daniel de Wet and their wife Lizl on day 15 of their 19-day recovery at Milpark Hospital in 2015 . De Wet was impaled by an industrial crowbar while working at a gold mine near Carletonville .
Johannesburg - Three-and-a-half years ago Daniel de Wet regained consciousness in Netcare Milpark Hospital after a 1.8-metre metal industrial crowbar penetrated their body 3.5km underground at a mine in Carletonville . Today the six-times Comrades veteran is making final preparations to run the ultra-m arathon again , for the first time since the accident .
“ Just three-and-a-half years ago , my wife and colleagues were praying for my survival , and when I was able to walk out of the hospital only 19 days later , we regarded it as a miracle from God . To think that I have now successfully qualified to take on the Comrades once more is truly remarkable and every day I am so grateful for the recovery I have made , ” De Wet says .
“ Day by day , I have regained my strength and this year I have managed to qualify for Comrades . I am dedicating my run to every single rescue worker , paramedic , firefighter , and especially to Netcare 911 , Milpark Hospital and trauma surgeon Professor Kenneth Boffard . ”
“ Before my accident in 2015 , I ran the Comrades six times , and during my initial recovery it seemed to me that I would never be able to take part again , ” De Wet said .
On 10 June , however , they will be taking on the challenge with their running club , the Carleton Harriers , wearing race number 49470 .
The accident happened o ne afternoon in January 2015 , when De Wet , an engineering supervisor , was working on washing out a dam 3.5km underground , using an extended crowbar to stir up the mud . They slipped and the metal bar penetrated their body entering their groin area before coming out of their back , just below their shoulder blade .
Lodox scan images show how the industrial crowbar penetrated Daniel de Wet 's body , going in between their legs and coming out their back , just below their shoulder blade .
They recall how the mine 's rescue team had to carry them perched awkwardly in a sitting position on a stretcher , as the metal bar protruding from their body was almost level their feet , making it impossible for them lie down .
“ I was talking the whole time , trying to keep the other guys calm , ” they remember .
Having been brought up to surface level at a pace that would ensure that they did not suffer any adverse decompression effects , commonly known as ‘ the bends ' , they were airlifted to Milpark Hospital 's trauma centre .
Two surgical teams , led by renowned trauma surgeons , Professor Boffard and Professor Elias Degiannis , were ready to operate : one team concentrating on their injuries in the abdomen and one on those in the chest area .
Once the crowbar was pulled completely free of De Wet 's body , the doctors saw that the impalement had caused significant damage , destroying one kidney and damaging their small bowel and numerous blood vessels . Although De Wet lost a kidney , they made rapid progress and was discharged from hospital just 19 days later .
De Wet later presented the crowbar as a gift to Professor Boffard and Netcare Milpark Hospital .
They acknowledge that the ultramarathon will be a challenge . “ I think the hardest aspect is when you realize that you are running out of time to complete the race but your legs are so tired but you just need to find the strength to push yourself to make up time .
“ This year the race starts in Pietermaritzburg , and I prefer the ‘ down run ' , although the Comrades is never a walk in the park , ” they say .
“ I am fortunate to have an amazing support base , particularly my wife , and there are so many people encouraging me . I have many friends and guys who run with me , and they have helped me through the difficult times . ”
“ I will never forget what the Milpark team and Professor Boffard did in saving my life . I still feel blessed every single day to be alive . I would really like to thank every person who dedicates themselves or themselves to saving lives and giving people like me a second chance , ” they said .
PITTSBURGH — A hard slide by Pittsburgh pitcher Joe Musgrove led to the Pirates and Chicago Cubs emptying their benches in another tense moment in the series between NL Central rivals .
Musgrove slid hard into second baseman Javier Baez to break up a potential double play in the third inning on Wednesday night . Baez was knocked off balance but did not hit the ground .
No punches were thrown as both teams milled around the infield and there were no ejections .
Crew chief Gerry Davis instituted a video replay review to see if Musgrove interfered with Baez . However , replay officials at Major League Baseball 's central office in New York informed Davis that it was not a reviewable play .
HOUSTON - Adopting a pet is n't the only thing you can do when it comes to helping abandoned animals . Being a foster parent to pets can be just as rewarding .
What was once Sharon Oiler 's son 's room is now a doggy den .
`` I guess that 's what keeps me sane , knowing I 'm doing the right thing , ” Oiler said .
Doing the right thing would be easy when you get to wake up every morning to these cuddly creatures . Oiler has been doing it every day for the past 15 years .
`` I 've been blessed , and I feel like I can give back in a way , ” Oiler said .
Related : KHOU 11 Stands for Houston Adoption Event
She 's the foster mom to several pups now and to roughly 500 others who have come before . Them only job is to help them grow .
`` Just a nice soft bed and some food is all they require , ” they said .
Oiler is part of the foster program for the Rescued Pets Movement .
`` They help you every step of the way . They provide you with food , medicine , there 's a clinic there that you can take your foster to and get medical treatment , ” Oiler said .
Oiler gives the dogs their food , shots and gets them on their way to their new lives .
`` Just knowing what they 're going to and that they 're going to live a great life , that makes a difference , ” they said .
But it 's not always easy . During Harvey , five of their foster dogs came down with parvo . They had to burse them back to health .
And then the day comes – as it always does – to say goodbye .
“ I 'm not always the only one out there crying , the rest of the fosters are , too , but it 's the right thing . It 's the right thing to do , ” they said .
There have been a few favorites they just could n't let go of , like their shy collie , J.J. Watt .
“ He 's scared to death all the time , ” Oiler said .
As soon as these pups are gone , the next will come , because there are many that need them help .
“ There are a lot . We are overrun right now , everywhere , '' they said .
It 's a puppy love like no other . And for Oiler , they want to share .
“ Everybody can do something . Even if you only took one , there are seniors that are turned in . you put them in a crate , you feed them , give them a little love and they 're thrilled . It 's not hard work , ” they said .
Working before as an IT salesperson , a business owner and a P.E . coach , this is the full-time job Oiler never knew they wanted – and they would n't have it any other way .
`` I 'm just a really lucky person that I get to do what I love every day , ” they said .
Photos : Dogs & cats available at the Harris County Animal Shelter
Photos : Dogs & cats available at the Harris County Animal Shelter ( May 29 , 2018 ) The Harris County Animal Shelter received 200 dogs and cats over the weekend , putting the shelter well over capacity . If you can adopt or foster , visit the shelter at 612 Canino Road or go to CountyPets.com . 01 / 145 The Harris County Animal Shelter received 200 dogs and cats over the weekend , putting the shelter well over capacity . If you can adopt or foster , visit the shelter at 612 Canino Road or go to CountyPets.com . 01 / 145
© 2018 KHOU
A viral video posted on Facebook shows the moment that Jessa Gillaspie and Becky McCabe , a lesbian couple , realized they both brought an engagement ring to the Memphis Zoo with the plans of proposing . Screenshot from Jessa Gillaspie 's Facebook
Market Research Report for Health Care states that Change in lifestyles and luxuries come with the cost and in corporate driven career world , this cost is health . One of the most controversial and debatable topic of the world is healthcare policies and practices . Health insurance is a type of coverage that pays for insured person 's medical and surgical expenses which saves them from huge financial loss . It has been observed that Health Insurance has grown immensely over a decade . Insurance act 1938 even holds a separate special amendment for health insurance different from life and non-life insurance . The most basic and important principle of insurance is UTMOST GOOD FAITH which states that insurer and insured must possess full faith on each other and should disclose all relevant information related to insurance prior to the agreement .
Increase in office hours and unhealthy food intake has made health prime concern for all age groups as it leads to health complications ranging from obesity to cardiac attack . Therefore health insurance has become the basic need of the hour to be away from such unexpected attacks and extravagant expenses attached to it . Older citizens are more prone to chronological illness and diabetes . There are few things to be kept in mind while buying Health insurance for better services :
Market Research : Thorough market research is prerequisite to get the best health insurance plan that would fulfill all the requirements of insured .
Coverage Option : In every health insurance there is provision of what would be covered and what not . Therefore beforehand information is beneficial while choosing plan .
Enlisted Specialist : There is a list of specialist enlisted by insurance company , one must always keep them in consideration and ensure there is an alternate medical specialist listed .
Terms and Condition : It 's very important to read all the terms and condition and check all the medical test mentioned to be taken before the insurance plan is signed .
Insured must not hesitate to contact insurer in case of any doubt to avoid any scope of miscommunication and misunderstanding after the agreement is duly signed .
Over the years uninsured citizen rate has decreased in developing and developed countries providing great competitive opportunities to health insurers . Raising option of awareness and altering them to give the best alternative to cater patient needs . According to Health Care Industry Research Report Developing countries like India by 2020 would see a great increase in healthcare industries and thus IRDAI has formed same rules and regulation for government and private health insurance company to ensure safety of client . Government insurance providers are open for negotiation and offer services at discounted rates still people are more inclined towards private sector insurance provider as they have benefit of restoration and offers full coverage on medical expenses . In developed countries such as The United States of America humana , profit insurance provider organization has a great market share than any private provider or AARP . In Europe EHIC is the market leader . The common objective of every health insurance company whether government or private comes down to providing cost- effective and satisfying services to their client .
To know more , click on the link below :
https : //www.kenresearch.com/healthcare/general-healthcare/SC-91-64.html
Related Report :
https : //www.kenresearch.com/metal-mining-and-chemicals/chemicals/europe-anti-counterfeit-packaging-for-healthcare-industry-situation-and-prospects-research-report/145399-101.html
Contact Us :
Ken Research
Ankur Gupta , Head Marketing & Communications
sales @ kenresearch.com
+91-9015378249
WASHINGTON - President Donald Trump will be meeting with the families of the victims of a Texas school shooting during a visit to the state Thursday .
White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders made the announcement at the White House briefing Wednesday .
Eight students and two substitute teachers were killed during the shooting at Santa Fe High School on May 18 .
The president will be traveling to Houston and Dallas on Thursday .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Firefighter paramedic Christopher Carter checks out the reserve fire engine as firefighters get ready for their shift at the Richland Hills Fire Rescue station . Rodger Mallison rmallison @ star-telegram.com
TORONTO — A judge has ruled that a class-action lawsuit can proceed against the Royal Winnipeg Ballet and a photographer who is alleged to have taken intimate photos of students .
Lawyer Margaret Waddell says about 60 people have been identified so far as potential class-action members in the lawsuit against the ballet company and Bruce Monk , who worked as a photographer between 1984 and 2015 .
The lead plaintiff , Sarah Doucet , alleges Monk pressured them into letting them take semi-nude photos of them as a teenager and then distributed them .
The allegations have not been proven in court , and both Monk and the ballet company have filed statements of defence denying the accusations .
Police investigated a complaint against Monk in 2015 but no charges were laid .
The recent decision by an Ontario Superior Court justice certifies Doucet 's case as a class-action lawsuit , although the defendants have 30 days to appeal the ruling .
`` To date , 53 former students have contacted ( Doucet 's lawyer ) self-identifying as potential class members , or they have been identified by the witnesses on this motion as students whose photographs are on the internet and who may have been photographed by Mr. Monk in a private setting , '' the ruling states .
Lawyers for Monk and the Royal Winnipeg Ballet were not immediately available for comment Wednesday .
Waddell said there are still a few steps before the lawsuit can be heard .
`` We have to get notice out to the class members , to let everybody know that the action has been certified , and they have an opportunity to decide if they want to exclude themselves , '' Waddell said .
The shooting took place at 52nd and Market Street shortly before 4:30 p.m. Sunday , police say .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - The Supreme Court has upheld a challenged practice that is used to invalidate patents without the involvement of federal courts .
The justices on Tuesday rejected a bid to strike down a process established by Congress in 2011 to speed up patent reviews .
The justices voted 7-2 in favor of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office 's patent review process . It has been used to invalidate hundreds of patents since it was established in 2012 .
Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Neil Gorsuch dissented .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A Cheltenham man who was given a suspended jail term after admitting cocaine-fuelled dangerous driving has lapsed back into drug use , a judge heard .
Marcus Baxter , 20 , of Millham Road , Bishops Cleeve , near Cheltenham appeared at Gloucester Crown Court for a formal review of their drug rehabilitation order .
Probation service officer Neil Hewitt told Judge Paul Cook this was the third review since the sentence was imposed in January .
The judge noted “ It seems they are engaging very well , being very honest , but also that drug use is a problem. ” Mr Hewitt said that was right , adding “ He seems to have relapsed in this review period after a very good review last time. ” However Mr Hewitt said Baxter was trying hard , and had been applying for work.Baxter confirmed last month had been a 'struggle ' but said they were trying to gain work to reduce feelings of boredom which they felt were a trigger for drug use.The judge commended Baxter for recognising their triggers , adding “ The key challenge is to cut down on the drugs use . `` Baxter was encouraged to keep up their efforts to obtain employment by the judge , who fixed a further review hearing on May 22 saying : “ Everyone wants this to work . ”
Baxter was made subject to a 14-month suspended detention sentence in January after Judge Michael Cullum heard they had smashed repeatedly into a heavily pregnant woman 's car on August 12 last year .
The woman 's baby was induced after they were rushed to hospital fearing the worst when they suffered bruising to their pregnancy 'bump ' in the crash and it shrank in size .
Them BMW car was written off , their young daughter was injured and their rear seat passenger was covered in shattered glass.Baxter admitted dangerous driving and having cocaine and a metabolyte of the drug in their body above legal limits for a driver.It was their third driving offence in a short period of time .
With a political eternity of nearly five months to go before the September 13 Democrat primary , the latest polling shows Sex and the City star Cynthia Nixon closing the gap with incumbent New York Governor Andrew Cuomo .
While Cuomo still enjoys a commanding lead , Nixon picked up +16 points simply by announcing their candidacy . Back in March , when they were flirting with running but had not yet announced , a Siena College poll had Cuomo beating them 66 percent to 19 percent — a 47 point lead . Now , less than a month into their campaign , a poll published on April 17 shows that gap closed to 58 percent to 27 percent — a 31 point Cuomo lead .
The 60-year-old governor is running for their third term and what is believed to be a 2020 presidential bid .
New Yorkers seem ready to shake things up . This same poll shows that Cuomo 's favorability rating , while still above water by five points ( 49-44 ) , is tied with their record low . Moreover , this is a drop of -27 points from January , when Cuomo enjoyed a very healthy favorability rating of 62-30 percent .
The dangers for Cuomo are very real . As Pajamas Media accurately points out , Nixon has already taken Working Families Party endorsement from Cuomo , or what is known as the “ liberal seal of approval , ” forced Cuomo to move even further left , and is displaying considerable poise in the spotlight .
Meanwhile , Cuomo 's problems continue to mount , including a scandal engulfing their inner-circle that the far-left New York Times describes as “ a nadir in Mr. Cuomo 's governorship and only the start of a political headache that is likely to intensify . ”
For years , Mr. Cuomo has constructed an image as a political reformer and a master manager of a dizzyingly complex state government . They declared their candidacy in front of the Tweed Courthouse steps in 2010 , promising to usher in an era of change . Now , with their campaign manager from that race , Joseph Percoco , convicted on Tuesday , Mr. Cuomo must concede that , at best , they did not know about the corrupt scheming occurring in the adjacent office by a man they have likened to a brother .
On top of the corruption scandals , Cuomo 's ability to manage is also under fire over New York 's crumbling subway system .
All combined , Nixon , who is seen as a symbol of New York after six seasons on the HBO show Sex and the City , seems perfectly positioned to run an insurgent campaign as an outsider . Tired of Cuomo and knowing they are looking over their shoulder with an eye on the White House , Democrat primary voters could do what Californians did in making Arnold Schwarzenegger governor , or what America did in making Donald Trump president — shake the establishment up by going outside the box .
Nixon is also damaging Cuomo 's presidential prospects , forcing them to grab the far-left less than two years before the official start of the presidential campaign season . These are foolish positions that are not only outside of where mainstream America stands , but make Cuomo look weak , defensive , and reactionary , which is death for a presidential candidate . One example is Cuomo 's utterly false claim last week that they are an “ undocumented person ” and that the Italian slur “ wop ” means “ without papers . ”
None of this is true .
Cuomo was born in America , as were their parents , one of which was the late Mario Cuomo , who was themselves a governor of New York and so American they were considered a serious presidential contender .
Moreover , “ wop ” also does not mean “ without papers. ” It is just a slur that has been around for more than a hundred years .
So Nixon not only appears to be gaining on Cuomo , they appear to be living in their head and forcing them to make stupid mistakes .
Follow John Nolte on Twitter @ NolteNC . Follow their Facebook Page here .
A truck passes an area on I-40 where traffic lanes were blocked in Old Fort , N.C. , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 after heavy rains from the fringes of Subtropical Storm Alberto caused a mudslideTuesday evening . ( AP Photo/Chuck Burton )
A truck passes an area on I-40 where traffic lanes were blocked in Old Fort , N.C. , Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 after heavy rains from the fringes of Subtropical Storm Alberto caused a mudslideTuesday evening . ( AP Photo/Chuck Burton )
As remnants of Subtropical Storm Alberto spread into the Great Lakes region , people are keeping a weary watch on dams and hillsides as rains from the storms have triggered floods and mudslides in the Appalachians of the Southeast .
So far , four dams being closely watched by a state team of special engineers were holding up , North Carolina Gov . Roy Cooper said Wednesday .
But Cooper went ahead and declared a state of emergency for their hard-hit mountain counties , saying the forecast for the rest of the week calls for isolated heavy rain storms that could instantly cause flooding in areas that have had 20 inches ( 50 centimeters ) of rain in the past 15 days .
`` This storm is n't yet over . I 'm urging people to keep a close eye on forecasts , '' Cooper said .
Alberto , while still spinning like a classic tropical storm , has managed to make its way since a Memorial Day landfall in the Florida Panhandle to just outside of Chicago . Forecasters said it would still bring rain and gusty winds to the Great Lakes this week .
Alberto 's heavy rains have been widespread . Scattered flooding was reported in several states from Alabama through Tennessee , Kentucky , Illinois , the Carolinas and Virginia and West Virginia .
In Hopkinsville , Kentucky , high winds and heavy rains gave Sherry Key a fitful night 's sleep .
`` I have dogs and they 're terribly afraid of storms , so they were on top me all night , '' said Key , an airport office manager .
The worst of the flooding was in the Appalachian Mountains . Up to 7 inches ( 18 centimeters ) of rain caused flooding in Helen , a mountain town in Georgia , the National Weather Service said .
Atlanta station WAGA-TV reported that several roads near the downtown area of that German-styled tourist destination were shut down because of the rising water . No injuries or structural damage have been reported .
Two deaths had been reported during the storm 's passage . A television news anchor and a photojournalist were killed Monday in North Carolina while covering the weather , when a tree became uprooted from rain-soaked ground and toppled onto their SUV , authorities said . WYFF-TV of Greenville , South Carolina , said news anchor Mike McCormick and photojournalist Aaron Smeltzer died .
In the mountains of North Carolina , two Department of Transportation workers survived a close call when their dump truck was swept away by a mudslide in McDowell County while trying to clean debris from an earlier slide . The men were able to climb from the overturned truck and stand on its side in the Catawba River until they were rescued , Gov . Cooper said .
Authorities in Cuba say Alberto left four people dead there as the storm drenched the island in heavy rain . Interior Minister Julio Cesar Gandarilla said late Tuesday they died as a result of `` recklessness '' during the storm . They gave no details . The deaths occurred as authorities worked to contain an oil spill in central Cuba 's Cienfuegos Bay that followed the flooding of nearby oil refinery .
___
Collins reported from Columbia , South Carolina . Associated Press Reporter Jack Jones , also in Columbia , contributed to this story .
March 30 Universal Vision Biotechnology Co Ltd :
* Says it revises the issue price of the 10 million new shares is T $ 22 per share
* Says the latest plan was disclosed on Nov. 8 , 2016
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/mYpAuY
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
WhaleOil is the biggest and most influential politics , news , and current affairs blog in New Zealand . Our readership continues to grow and always increases markedly during an election year .
Our monthly unique users are 130,000 .
89 % of WhaleOil readers are in New Zealand and our audience is very loyal and highly engaged
84 % of WhaleOil readers are returning visitors and more than two-thirds of all readers read multiple articles per visit .
We have 2.2 million page views per month .
What about Dirty Politics ?
The impact of Dirty Politics was that website visitors have increased and the Bounce Rate ( number of people who leave after reading a single page ) has decreased .
The time our readers spend on our site has increased . ( 7mins 21 sec per visit )
The average number of pages per visitor has remained steady at around 3.5 .
This year is going to attract even more eyes to the blog as in May this year the MSM will be covering Cam 's one month-long court case with Colin Craig . Whaleoil will benefit from Cam constantly being on television , on radio , online and in the newspapers just like they were during Dirty Politics . On top of that , we might even get hacked again . According to Kim Dotcom someone hacked the National Party and is waiting to drop the dirt on them closer to the election date . Maybe we will once again benefit from the huge public interest in another criminal hack ?
2017 is an opportunity for your business to become a Whaleoil content sponsor .
WhaleOil publishes more than 30 pieces of content every single day . Interspersed amongst the news and commentary are regular features like Daily Proverb , Face of the Day , Word of the Day , Map of the Day , Mental Health Break , Photo of the Day , Daily Round Up , and Daily NightCap which are available for sponsorship .
If one of these daily posts does n't suit your content objectives , we can create something else that will .
Banner Advertising is also available
Contact Spanishbride for our rates card .
juana.atkins [ at ] gmail.com
It is going to be a great year for Whaleoil and you can be part of it .
The Associated Press has photographers around the world . Here are some of the best photos they took in 2016 .
Action is being taken to bring awareness to rare diseases in our state . A bill is making its way to the house this week that could help in that effort .
Joe Juliano has been a member of our sports staff since 1985 . Their current beats are Penn State football , college basketball , golf , and the Penn Relays . A graduate of Temple University , they also worked for 10 years with United Press International , the last seven as Philadelphia sports editor .
West Virginia coach Bob Huggins calls out to their players during the NCAA game against Murray State .
West Virginia coach Bob Huggins can be a rather intimidating presence . They rarely smile on the sidelines or in front of reporters . Their bench wardrobe , another coach once joked , is something right out of Walmart , a short-sleeved zipped-up blue windbreaker .
Villanova coach Jay Wright is different , with the custom-made suits they wear and their friendly , cooperative nature with reporters . But they and Huggins not only have been on opposite benches but also have worked together off the court , and Wright described their relationship as “ very good . ”
“ We worked hard together at the end of the old Big East to try to keep it together , ” Wright said Monday after the No . 1 seed Wildcats ( 32-4 ) completed their first practice preparing for their Sweet 16 matchup Friday night against the No . 5 seed Mountaineers ( 26-10 ) in Boston .
“ He really worked hard and I worked alongside of him . We consider ourselves friends . I have a lot of great Huggs ' stories but , knowing Huggs , I just ca n't tell any of them in public because it 's just Huggs . ”
West Virginia joined the Big East in 1995-96 and played 23 games against Villanova . Huggins , who became the Mountaineers ' coach in 2007 , and Wright faced each other only six times before WVU left the conference after the 2011-12 season to join the Big 12 . The Big East lost eight schools that had FBS programs after the following season , and the league reorganized in 2013-14 with 10 schools .
The Mountaineers have won seven of their last nine games , including Sunday night 's 94-71 victory over cross-state rival Marshall . Asked after the game if they remembered anything about Villanova from their Big East years , Huggins quipped , “ I ca n't remember what I had for breakfast .
“ No , it 's a different team , ” they said . “ Jay does a great job . I 've got great respect for Jay and what they do . We had great battles in the Big East .
“ We spend so much time looking at film of who we 're going to play that we really do n't watch a lot of basketball from other leagues and things . I 've seen bits and pieces and highlights on ESPN . But I do n't know very much about them . ”
Wright said the Mountaineers are similar to the teams they remember from Big East games , except for the tenacious , aggressive fullcourt press they now utilize .
“ The similarities to Huggs ' teams in the Big East are really physical , half-court defense ; physical , aggressive rebounding , ” they said . “ That they still do . We just did n't see the press . Everything 's the same except they 've added the press which makes them even better . ”
West Virginia forced 18 turnovers against Marshall , eight of them against top scorer Jon Elmore .
In NCAA statistics , the team is second in turnover margin ( plus-5.2 per game ) , 10th in forced turnovers ( 16.53 ) and 14th in steals ( 8.1 ) . WVU also pulls down an average of just over 14 offensive rebounds per game , fourth nationally .
Wright said the difficulty with a press like West Virginia 's is that the Wildcats have n't seen anything like it all season , and it 's difficult to simulate in practice .
“ I think we 're just going to have to get in there , like being at a boxing match , take a couple of punches , hope it does n't affect you too much , and then get used to it and grind through it , ” they said .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
A $ 130 million construction project has begun on problem intersections of the Nassau Expressway to prevent flooding and ease congestion along the roadway , an evacuation route that runs from the Atlantic Beach Bridge to Howard Beach .
Gov . Andrew M. Cuomo on Tuesday announced the start of construction , saying in a news release that it would be completed in December 2019 — six years ahead of schedule .
State comptroller records show that the Tully Group was awarded a $ 93.5 million contract on May 23 for the work on the Nassau Expressway , which is also known as State Route 878 . Work is planned at Burnside Avenue in Inwood , Bay Boulevard in Inwood and Rockaway Turnpike in Lawrence . The less-than-a-mile stretch carries more than 56,000 vehicles daily , according to the release .
The construction project will raise the roadway three to four feet above the floodplain and build new drainage structures , according to the release . A new bike and pedestrian path , as well as turning lanes , will also be created .
“ For decades , people have been wanting to overhaul the expressway because it constantly floods , it 's full of potholes , there 's constantly a traffic snarl there , ” state Sen. Todd Kaminsky ( D-Long Beach ) said . “ Even in a regular rain , you have to crawl through main intersections there because the water is so high . ”
Officials also plan to remove a mound of construction debris — which local residents call the Inwood Mound — that rises 30 to 50 feet above the roadway .
MEXICO CITY ( AP ) - The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights has called for Mexico to take urgent action in the northern border city of Nuevo Laredo , where at least 23 people have disappeared since the start of February .
The human rights authority says there are strong indications that a federal security force is responsible . It says a local human rights organization believes there have been at least 40 such disappearances .
In a statement Wednesday , the U.N. office said that it had documented the disappearances of 21 males and two females , including at least five minors .
According to statements to U.N. investigators , the disappearances typically occur at night while the victims are walking along or driving on roads . Sometimes their burned and bullet-riddled vehicles are found on roadsides .
Authorities are asking for the public 's help in locating a suspect who has robbed nine stores in less than a month stretching from Austin to Fort Worth .
Fort Worth Police Department detectives said the serial and dangerous aggravated robbery suspect is believed to be responsible for robberies in Austin , Waco , River Oaks and Fort Worth .
The suspect is described as a black male 30-40 years old , approximately 6 feet tall and 200 pounds . Police said they have a long goatee and possibly facial tattoos . In several of the incidents he 's worn hooded jackets but did not cover their face .
They said the robbery spree began around Nov. 15 in Austin and the suspect most recently struck again on Sunday at a Family Dollar store located at 7341 John T. White Road in east Fort Worth .
Never miss a local story . Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access . SUBSCRIBE NOW
Fort Worth Police Department detectives said a serial aggravated robbery suspect is believed to be responsible for robberies in Austin , Waco , River Oaks and Fort Worth . The most recent robbery took place at the Family Dollar store at 7341 John T. White Road on Sunday . Google Maps
Detectives said the suspect has a consistent approach : They will typically approach the clerk and indicate that they are armed by telling or showing the clerk they have a handgun before demanding money from the register . In the incident Sunday , they took the clerk from the store to the parking lot , but the clerk managed to escape .
Anyone with information on the suspect is asked to call 817-392-4469 or contact Crime Stoppers at 817-469-8477 .
DALLAS ( AP ) — Residents of a coastal area southwest of Houston are cleaning up debris after severe storms , including at least six tornadoes , swept through the area .
At least six people were injured in Van Vleck , about 70 miles southwest of Houston , by a weak tornado rated by a federal survey team as of EF1 strength with winds of 86 to 110 mph . An EF2 tornado with winds of 111-135 mph caused extensive damage to subdivisions 27 miles southwest of Houston . A weak tornado also was confirmed in Wharton .
Elsewhere , more than 3 inches of rain fell in some areas west of Austin , and rain was mixing with snow in the Texas Panhandle , resulting in slick roads and delays in school openings .
× Scranton High-Rise Fire Suspect in Custody , People Forced to Relocate
SCRANTON — Police say Sunday 's high-rise fire at the Mulberry Tower Apartments in Scranton put over 200 residents in danger along with nearly 30 Scranton City firefighters .
Some of those residents had to leave their homes and are now staying somewhere else .
It was shortly before 4:30 p.m. Sunday when authorities were called to a fire at the Mulberry Tower Apartments in Scranton . Sunday night , investigators ruled the fire arson and arrested Lamont Wright , 22 , who admitted to setting the fire inside their fifth-floor apartment .
“ I 'm running down the steps and I start tripping over hoses , tripping over firefighters , gagging like crazy because the smoke was so bad , ” David Tilberry , who lives on the sixth floor said .
Residents of the Mulberry Tower Apartments are reliving Sunday 's fire that forced dozens of folks out of their homes .
Police say Wright intentionally set the fire in their fifth-floor apartment . Wright admitted to police that they ignited a pile of clothes in their bathtub because they were trying to find a way to move out of their apartment .
This comes just days after a deadly high-rise fire in Wilkes-Barre .
One gentleman who lives only one floor above where the Scranton fire took place recently bought all new furniture . He 's afraid it might all be ruined .
“ Bought brand-new furniture , brand-new couch , brand-new recliner , box spring , mattress , two brand-new dressers , all brand new and I do n't know if it 's ruined yet or not because I have n't been back in there yet , ” Tilberry said .
Scranton Fire Chief Pat DeSarno tells us re-occupation of Mulberry Towers is underway , starting at the twelfth floor and working down to the seventh floor . Other floors immediately impacted by the flames might not be ready until later this week . One resident we spoke with had to spend last night at United House Apartments in Scranton .
“ It 's awful because I have a little dog who 's sick up there , ” Carol Martorana , who lives on the second floor said . “ She 's blind and I do n't like leaving them alone , but I have no choice but to come down and visit them every day . I gave them fresh water and food and all and it 's really disrupted my life . ”
No . 1 Assignment Help has been acknowledged as the leading assignment service provider in Australia . Students from various cities in Australia can avail all their services at ease . They provide top quality assignment help at an affordable price . With expert academic writers , they have been providing the best assignment solutions to students all around the world .
Also , their assignment services are designed well to assist students to boost their grades . Students can take expert help for suitable assignment writing services in various subjects . The expert professionals collect research material from different sources , framing it in an organized manner , writing , editing and proofreading the work to finalize the assignment . Thus , students get expert assistance at every step of their assignment writing requirement .
The portal has a team of assignment writing experts , who not only deliver quality work on time but also provide the thorough knowledge about the subject . All types of assignment help for essay writing , dissertation , case studies are well covered to offer the best services . Each professional in the team has the record of completing each assignment correctly on time following all academic requirements . They can write numerous assignments on diverse topics in Engineering and Management . Thus , their online Help provides quality assignment services at affordable prices . Get all types of assignment assistance from the experts who are successful professionals . They will give you through the entire process that will lead to a successful career .
The company follows few protocols before delivering the final assignment to the client . After writing the task , the experts verify the whole piece of work for plagiarism check with the authentic plagiarism software . Once it is over , then the grammar or other errors are checked by quality control team . After the editing and proofreading , the assignments are delivered finally to the students . The students can visit their website and avail the services to get the best assignments for their course .
About No.1 Assignment help
No.1 Assignment help.com assure to deliver completed assignments on time at pocket-friendly prices . Our experts take care of the deadline and work on the task to finish it as soon as possible . Students can seek help for assignments in various subjects related to MBA and engineering for essay writing , research paper , dissertation , etc . The quality work in minimal time at best prices makes our portal the best choice for every student worldwide .
Company Name : No1AssignmentHelp.com
Email : Sales @ No1assignmentHelp.com
Phone : 61-1800339027
Country : Australia
Website : https : //no1assignmenthelp.com/
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Just six days into their presidency , Donald Trump was informed their national security adviser had misled their vice president about contacts with Russia . Trump kept their No . 2 in the dark and waited nearly three weeks before ousting the aide , Michael Flynn , citing a slow but steady erosion of trust , White House officials said Tuesday .
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI about their telephone conversations with Russia 's ambassador to the U.S. , a sign their ties to Russia had caught the attention of law enforcement officials .
But in the White House 's retelling of Flynn 's stunning downfall , their error was not that they discussed U.S. economic sanctions with the Russian before the inauguration — a potential violation of a rarely enforced law — but the fact that they denied it for weeks , apparently misleading Vice President Mike Pence and other senior Trump aides about the nature of the conversations . White House officials said they conducted a thorough review of Flynn 's interactions , including transcripts of calls secretly recorded by U.S. intelligence officials , but found nothing illegal .
Pence , who had vouched for Flynn in a televised interview , is said to have been angry and deeply frustrated .
“ The evolving and eroding level of trust as a result of this situation and a series of other questionable incidents is what led the president to ask General Flynn for their resignation , ” White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said Tuesday , one day after the president asked Flynn to leave .
Flynn , in an interview with The Daily Caller News Foundation , said Monday “ there were no lines crossed ” in their conversations with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak .
The explanation of the episode left many questions unanswered , including why Trump did n't alert Pence to the matter and why Trump allowed Flynn to keep accessing classified information and taking part in the president 's discussions with world leaders up until the day they were fired .
White House officials also struggled to explain why Trump counselor Kellyanne Conway had declared the president retained “ full confidence ” in Flynn just hours before the adviser had to submit their letter of resignation .
The White House shakeup , less than one month into Trump 's tenure , marked another jarring setback for a new administration already dealing with tensions among top aides and a legal fight over the president 's travel ban order . Flynn 's firing also heightened questions about the president 's friendly posture toward Russia . Democrats called for investigations into Flynn 's contacts , and Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham said Congress needed to know whether they had been acting with direction from the president or others .
Trump initially thought Flynn could survive the controversy , according to a person with direct knowledge of the president 's views , but a pair of explosive stories in The Washington Post in recent days made the situation untenable . As early as last week , they and aides began making contingency plans for Flynn 's dismissal , a senior administration official said . While the president was said to be upset with Flynn , they also expressed anger with other aides for “ losing control ” of the story and making their young administration look bad .
Pence spokesperson Marc Lotter said Pence became aware that they had received “ incomplete information ” from Flynn only after the first Washington Post report Thursday night . Pence learned about the Justice Department warnings to the White House around the same time .
The officials and others with knowledge of the situation were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly and requested anonymity .
Ahead of the Jan. 20 inauguration , Pence and other officials insisted publicly that Flynn had not discussed sanctions in their talks with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak . On Jan. 26 , Acting Attorney General Sally Yates contacted White House counsel Don McGahn to raise concerns about discrepancies between the public accounting and what intelligence officials knew to be true about the contacts based on routine recordings of communications with foreign officials who are in the U.S .
The Justice Department warned the White House that the inconsistencies would leave the president 's top national security aide vulnerable to blackmail from Russia , according to a person with knowledge of the discussion . The president was informed of the warnings the same day , Spicer said .
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI around the same time , according to a U.S. official was briefed on the investigation .
It was not immediately known what questions the FBI asked of Flynn or what they told law enforcement officials .
McGahn , along with chief of staff Reince Priebus and strategist Steve Bannon , also questioned Flynn multiple times in the ensuing weeks , a White House official said . Top aides also reviewed transcripts of Flynn 's contacts with the ambassador , according to a person with knowledge of the review process .
At the same time , the official said Trump aides began taking steps to put some distance between the president and Flynn . CIA Director Mike Pompeo and retired Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg , a top Flynn aide , started taking part in Trump 's daily security briefings .
Top Trump advisers quietly met with Vice Admiral Robert Harward last week and spoke with the former Navy SEAL again Monday , the White House official said . Harward is seen as the top contender for the job , though former CIA Director David Petraeus and Kellogg , who has temporarily stepped into the role , are also under consideration .
Spicer said other “ questionable incidents ” had contributed to Flynn 's firing . According to one person with knowledge of the matter , those incidents included Flynn seeking a security clearance for their son during the transition .
At the time , it was Pence who was again put in the position of defending Flynn on television , saying they had not sought a clearance for the retired general 's son .
A U.S. official told The Associated Press that Flynn was in frequent contact with Kislyak on the day the Obama administration slapped sanctions on Russia for election-related hacking , as well as at other times during the transition . Spicer said Flynn was not discussing sanctions at the president 's behest .
Before they resigned Monday night , Flynn told the investigative news nonprofit affiliated with the website The Daily Caller that they and Kislyak spoke only generally about the Russian diplomats expelled by President Barack Obama as part of the previous administration 's response to Moscow 's interference in the U.S. presidential election .
“ It was n't about sanctions . It was about the 35 guys who were thrown out , ” Flynn said . “ It was basically : ‘ Look , I know this happened . We 'll review everything . ' I never said anything such as , ‘ We 're going to review sanctions , ' or anything like that . ”
___
Associated Press writers Jonathan Lemire , Eric Tucker , Ken Thomas , Jill Colvin , Erica Werner and Catherine Lucey contributed to this report .
___
Online : https : //www.documentcloud.org/documents/3461508-Michael-Flynn-Resignation-Letter.html
Follow Julie Pace at http : //twitter.com/jpaceDC and Vivian Salama at http : //twitter.com/vmsalama
On Friday 's broadcast of HBO 's “ Real Time , ” host Bill Maher told Trump supporters they do n't need a border wall “ Because everything that wall represents , the bigotry , the racism , the ignorance , the paranoia , is already in your heart . ”
At the end of a monologue about the border wall , Maher said , “ Trumpsters , you do n't need it . Because everything that wall represents , the bigotry , the racism , the ignorance , the paranoia , is already in your heart . Yes , the wall has been inside you the whole time . Trump just brought it out . Because he 's the jackass whisperer . But you do n't need it . Every time you vote for a child molester because the other choice is a Democrat , the wall is there . Every time you feel rage because a voice recording says , ‘ For Spanish , press 2 , ' the wall is there . It 's there whenever you begin a Facebook post with , ‘ I 'm not a racist , but… ' And it 's there every time a unisex bathroom makes you hold it till you get home . It 's there when snow makes you deny global warming . And it 's there at the ballgame when two gays on the kiss-cam make you throw up in your mouth . Every time you use air quotes when you say the word ‘ college , ' the wall is there . It 's there when you use ‘ Jew ' as a verb . And it 's there every time you 're Tucker Carlson . So , you do n't need a wall . Because , you see , even without it , you 're still the grumpy asshole who ruins Thanksgiving . ”
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @ IanHanchett
NEW YORK ( CNS ) -- Here are some television program notes for the week of Feb. 11 with their TV Parental Guidelines ratings if available . They have not been reviewed and therefore are not necessarily recommended by Catholic News Service .
Tuesday , Feb. 13 , 3-5:30 p.m. EST ( EWTN ) `` Mass of Ordination and Installation of Father J . Mark Spalding . '' Father J . Mark Spalding is ordained and installed as the 12th bishop of Nashville , Tennessee . Part of the series `` Cathedrals Across America '' ( TV-G -- general audience ) .
Tuesday , Feb. 13 , 9-10 p.m. EST ( PBS ) `` The Bombing of Wall Street . '' This episode of the series `` American Experience '' explores the story behind a mostly-forgotten 1920 bombing in the nation 's financial center ( TV-PG -- parental guidance suggested ) .
Wednesday , Feb. 14 , 10:30 a.m.-12:30 p.m. EST ( EWTN ) `` Holy Mass With the Blessing and Imposition of Ashes . '' Pope Francis presides over the penitential procession from the Church of St. Anselm to the Basilica of Santa Sabina , where they will celebrate the Mass for Ash Wednesday . Broadcast live from Rome ( TV-G -- general audience ) .
Wednesday , Feb. 14 , 8-9 p.m. EST ( PBS ) `` Animals With Cameras : A `` Nature '' Miniseries . '' Cameras allow viewers to deep-dive with Chilean devil rays , track brown bears ' diets and follow dogs that protect sheep ( TV-G -- general audience ) .
- - -
Mulderig is on the staff of Catholic News Service .
Cooling fabric is a clothing material that traps body heat , thereby keeping the skin dry . Cooling fabric provides certain benefits such as breathability , high cooling effect , insulation capacity , and protection from UV rays . Cooling fabrics are used to make headgears , T-shirts , wrist bands , protective wears , jackets , coats , home textiles , sport swear , work wear , uniforms , and neck bands . Cooling fabrics can be manufactured by utilizing the evaporative cooling technology , phase change technology , ice & gel pack , or super-absorbent fiber technology . Evaporative cooling systems employ super-absorbent hydrophilic and hydrophobic fibers evenly distributed in the form of a low-profile and lightweight fabric .
Request Report Brochure @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=24401
These fibers have the ability to absorb heat and uses water absorbing crystals . Fabrics based on this technology are portable and are inexpensive . However , such fabrics are not suitable to be used at high relative humidity , as they remain damp even with little air , which further causes skin irritation and bacterial growth . Products manufactured using the phase change technology continuously interact with the unique microclimate of the human body as well as the environment to moderate the body temperature . The gel/ice pack technology employs mixture of water and starch . It offers cooling capacity similar to ice . Garments based on the ice pack technology consist of pockets that hold gel/ice packs and absorb the body heat .
Such garments are portable and inexpensive . They provide high cooling power even if they are used for short duration of time . Fabrics based on the super-absorbent fiber technology are used in challenging environments such as fire , search and rescue , and military operations . These fabrics stimulate the dissipation of moisture and heat through the absorption and containment of body sweat and provide a cooling effect to wearer by directly reducing the risk of stress caused by heat .
Based on product type , the cooling fabrics market has been segmented into synthetic and natural cooling fabric . The synthetic cooling fabric segment dominates the market , due to its characteristic features such as high durability and high cooling power . Another factor augmenting the segment is easy availability of raw materials including nylon , polyester , and spandex to produce synthetic cooling fabrics . Based on application , the cooling fabrics market has been segmented into protective wearing , sports apparels , and daily wearing apparels . Sport apparels are expected to be the leading segment of the market during the forecast period , due to rising demand for sweat-resistant apparels from sports enthusiasts . Demand for cooling fabrics in certain chemical companies is expected to rise in the next few years , due to the rise in demand for protective apparels .
Read Report Overview @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/cooling-fabrics-market.html
Rising demand for new garments that are durable with a lasting cooling effect and innovations in the textile industry are the prime factors likely to fuel the cooling fabrics market during the forecast period . Furthermore , growing concerns for health and safety of workers are raising the demand for protective apparels . This , in turn , is driving the cooling fabrics market . High manufacturing cost of cooling fabrics , low product awareness , and low penetration of cooling fabrics among end-users are some of the factors restraining the market .
About Us
Transparency Market Research ( TMR ) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services . The company 's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers . TMR 's experienced team of analysts , researchers , and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information .
TMR 's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information . With extensive research and analysis capabilities , Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports .
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower ,
90 State Street ,
Suite 700 ,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel : +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free : 866-552-3453
Email : sales @ transparencymarketresearch.com
Website : http : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Warren D'Souza wants their Cambridge City players to be more ruthless in front of goal as the England Men 's League , Conference East title race looks set to go to the wire .
The City captain saw their team do what they had to by claiming another three points – their sixth in a row – with a 1-0 home success over Brighton & Hove .
The hosts dominated possession and territory for large parts of the game and had six penalty corners , along with 10 shots .
Brighton sat deep and looked to play on the counter-attack , with City defending well when their dangerous players got on the ball .
The only goal of the game came from Darren Cheesman , who pounced on a loose ball after a penalty corner had been saved by the goalkeeper and netted with a reverse-stick effort from close range .
D'Souza was delighted with the win , but wants them to sharpen up when it comes to shooting ahead of Saturday 's trip to ninth-placed Wapping .
“ Brighton are a good , experienced side and they defended resolutely . We had to keep believing that the goal would come – and it did , ” said D'Souza , whose side are up to fourth and remain just three points adrift of leaders Sevenoaks .
“ We were a little disappointed that we were not more clinical in the final third , but a win 's a win and we 'll take three points every time .
“ We go to Wapping on Saturday evening and if we want to make it seven wins in a row we will need to be more clinical in front of goal . ”
There was a late scare for City when Brighton forced a penalty corner , but the ball was kept out and a second clean sheet in succession was secured .
“ We are delighted to keep back-to-back clean sheets , ” said D'Souza .
“ Brighton have some dangerous players in attack but we defended well and in numbers . Marshall Roberts in particular covered a lot of ground . ”
In Investec Women 's League , Conference East , City 's home match against leaders Wimbledon was postponed due to snow on the pitch .
For millennials trying to save and invest , these Wharton MBAs show the way
For millennials trying to save and invest , these Wharton MBAs show the way Mar 16
Erin Arvedlund writes a weekly column for the Inquirer on investing and personal finance . Them first book was Too Good to Be True : The Rise and Fall of Bernie Madoff ( Penguin ) .
Lori Miller has been elected as CEO of Goldberg , Miller & Rubin , the first female chief executive of the insurance defense firm based in Center City .
Miller , 52 , began their career at Goldberg , Miller & Rubin , in 1990 when the firm was made up primarily of male lawyers . After graduating from Widener University School of Law in 1990 , Miller forged a career as a trial attorney at both the state and federal level . They became the firm 's first female partner in 1999 . Today , the firm is comprised of almost 50 percent women , including two female partners . One of those partners , Dana Koos , was recently named as managing partner of the firm 's New York office .
Goldberg Miller & Rubin represents clients in the areas of insurance defense , hospital and health system liability , general and premises liability , professional and medical malpractice , workers ' compensation , toxic tort , and asbestos litigation .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
2:49
Dabo Swinney : The team is Clemson 's best recruiter
0:47
Quarterback Chase Brice talks about their decision to attend Clemson
3:09
Jason Day faces a 2016 rematch in the group stage of the World Gold Championships-Match Play event .
Jason Day faces a 2016 rematch in the group stage of the World Gold Championships-Match Play event .
Jason Day will face a rematch of their 2016 final win over Louis Oosthuizen in the group stage of this week 's World Golf Championships-Match Play event in Texas .
Two-time WGC-Match Play winner Day , the eighth seed , will also face Jason Dufner and James Hahn in the pool matches at Austin Country Club .
Day 's fellow Australian Marc Leishman , also a top-16 seed , has drawn South Africa 's Branden Grace as well as two-time Masters winner Bubba Watson and American Julian Suri .
Brisbane native Cameron Smith , the 46th seed , will be pitted against Japanese star Hideki Matsuyama , Patrick Cantlay and Matsuyama 's countryman Yusaku Miyazato .
Currently ranked world No.50 , Smith needs a strong finish to secure a Masters invitation to Augusta when the field is all but finalised on Monday .
An all-Australian final is also a possibility with Day and Leishman on opposites of the draw , while Smith could face Day in the semi-finals .
GROUPS FOR WGC-MATCH PLAY
* Dustin Johnson , Kevin Kisner , Adam Hadwin , Bernd Wiesberger
* Justin Thomas , Francesco Molinari , Patton Kizzire , Luke List
* Jon Rahm , Kiradech Aphibarnrat , Chez Reavie , Keegan Bradley
* Jordan Spieth , Patrick Reed , Haotong Li , Charl Schwartzel
* Hideki Matsuyama , Patrick Cantlay , Cameron Smith , Yusaku Miyazato
* Sergio Garcia , Xander Schauffele , Dylan Frittelli , Shubhankar Sharma
* Rory McIlroy , Brian Harman , Jhonattan Vegas , Peter Uihlein
* Jason Day , Louis Oosthuizen , Jason Dufner , James Hahn
* Tommy Fleetwood , Daniel Berger , Kevin Chappell , Ian Poulter
* Paul Casey , Matthew Fitzpatrick , Kyle Stanley , Russell Henley
* Marc Leishman , Branden Grace , Bubba Watson , Julian Suri
* Tyrrell Hatton , Charley Hoffman , Brendan Steele , Alexander Levy
* Alex Noren , Tony Finau , Thomas Pieters , Kevin Na
* Phil Mickelson , Rafa Cabrera-Bello , Satoshi Kodaira , Charles Howell III
* Pat Perez , Gary Woodland , Webb Simpson , Si Woo Kim
* Matt Kuchar , Ross Fisher , Yuta Ikeda , Zach Johnson
ZURICH ( AP ) — FIFA has dropped referee Fahad Al Mirdasi from the World Cup after they were banned from football for life in Saudi Arabia over match fixing .
The Saudi Arabian Football Federation said two weeks ago that Fahad Al Mirdasi asked for money to help a team win a cup final .
Now FIFA says its referees ' committee has decided that their conditions to be selected for the World Cup in Russia “ are not satisfied anymore . ”
As a result , the entire Saudi refereeing team has been removed from the tournament , including two assistants .
FIFA says Al Mirdasi wo n't be directly replaced . Instead , the governing body will take two additional assistant referees from the United Arab Emirates and Japan .
Comments
comments
By The Associated Press
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) — A federal appeals court is weighing in on an unusual lawsuit by a group of young people who say the Trump administration is violating their constitutional rights by failing to address climate change .
A three-judge panel of the 9th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals heard arguments Monday from attorneys for the administration and the 21 young people , who range in age from 10 to 21 .
The Trump administration wants the 9th Circuit to order a lower court to dismiss the suit , saying it is broad and without merit .
The San Jose Mercury News reports ( http : //bayareane.ws/2knQczY ) that two of the judges voiced skepticism about the administration 's request .
Advertisement
The lawsuit was originally filed against the Obama administration in 2015 .
NEW YORK CITY — Police are responding to reports of a possible explosion near the Port Authority bus terminal at 42nd Street and Eighth Avenue , New York Police Department Sgt . Brendan Ryan said Monday .
The the A , C and E subway lines are being evacuated , they said .
One person is in custody , according to two NYPD sources with direct knowledge of the situation .
Update regarding explosion at 42nd St and 8th Ave , in subway : One male suspect is in custody . No injuries other than suspect at this time . Avoid the area . Subways bypassing # PortAuthority and Times Square Stations . Info is preliminary . pic.twitter.com/bEAdjq8mYc — NYPD NEWS ( @ NYPDnews ) December 11 , 2017
Francisco Ramirez said they heard two explosions as they were exiting a bus about 7:45 a.m . ET . They heard both blasts distinctly even though they were wearing headphones .
“ From what I saw it sounded like it came from the subway , but I 'm just guessing , ” they said . “ It was two distinct explosions seconds from each other . As I was making my way toward the outside , I kept getting shoved by cops and there were cops at every entrance blocking and there was police and SWAT everywhere .
“ It was scary . It was just a lot of chaos but I did n't see any injuries . ”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Gloucester are waiting on the fitness of Henry Trinder and Fraser Balmain ahead of the West Country derby against Bath .
Trinder is enjoying a fine season , leading the club 's try scoring charts jointly with Ollie Thorley with 10 tries in 18 starts but is a doubt with a shoulder problem .
Tight-head prop Balmain hurt their hand in the European Challenge Cup semi-final against Newcastle and a decision will be made later on the week over whether they will be able to play in Saturday 's Premiership clash , the final home game of the season .
Gloucester heads coach Johan Ackermann said : “ We 'll make the final call if the medical side will allow them to play . We 'll obviously have to strap their hand etcetera if they play .
“ Same with Henry Trinder . He 's also struggling a bit with a shoulder ( injury ) so we 'll make that call also on Thursday . ”
Gloucester 's front row options have been depleted in recent weeks with Val Rapava-Ruskin , Richard Hibbard and Gareth Denman out and none of them are expected to return this weekend .
If Balmain is out it could leave them particularly light on the tight-head side but the versatile Josh Hohneck offers another option there .
Fly-half Owen Williams is yet to overcome a shoulder injury but Hibbard 's hopes of making it to 100 appearances before they leaf at the end of the season to join Dragons are still alive .
The Wales international hooker is currently on 99 and is close to recovering from a back injury with just one Premiership game away to Saracens left after this weekend and the European Challenge Cup final against Cardiff Blues in Bilbao .
Ackermann said : “ Unfortunately they 're all not ready yet , especially Owen is not clear yet .
“ Richard is looking much better and is starting to run and train with us again so if all goes well Richard will be available from next week . ”
Thomas Mangold , center , son of New York Jets center Nick Mangold , rests on their father 's foot during a family portrait at a news conference making Nick Mangold 's official retirement from NFL football , Tuesday , April 24 , 2018 , in Florham Park , N.J. Mangold announced their retirement a week earlier in a post on Twitter . They were selected to seven Pro Bowls and was twice a first-team All-Pro during their 11-year career . ( AP Photo/Julio Cortez )
Thomas Mangold , center , son of New York Jets center Nick Mangold , rests on their father 's foot during a family portrait at a news conference making Nick Mangold 's official retirement from NFL football , Tuesday , April 24 , 2018 , in Florham Park , N.J. Mangold announced their retirement a week earlier in a post on Twitter . They were selected to seven Pro Bowls and was twice a first-team All-Pro during their 11-year career . ( AP Photo/Julio Cortez )
FLORHAM PARK , N.J. ( AP ) - Nick Mangold was the anchor of the New York Jets ' offensive line for 11 seasons , a smart , reliable and tough dude who was one of the franchise 's most consistently good players .
Their sharp wit and sarcasm made them a favorite of teammates and fans . Mangold also rocked a big , bushy beard and long blond hair that made them look more like they belonged on a Viking ship than a football field .
But from 2006 until through 2016 , Mangold was one of the NFL 's best players at their position . On Tuesday , they were again the center of attention as they signed a one-day contract with the Jets to officially retire as a member of the team .
`` I 've had the good fortune of signing three contracts with the New York Jets , '' Mangold said while holding their 3-year-old daughter Eloise . `` This was the first one I signed with a child on my lap . ''
The 34-year-old Mangold , wearing their Jets cap backward as they always did during their playing days , was honored during a ceremony that included a framed No . 74 jersey displayed on the podium , a video featuring career highlights and some music from Dave Matthews Band - one of their favorites - playing over the speakers as guests arrived .
The team feted the seven-time Pro Bowl selection , who announced their retirement last week , with their wife Jennifer and their three children in attendance , along with several other members of their family , including their sister Holley , a member of the 2012 U.S. Olympic weightlifting team . Former teammates D'Brickashaw Ferguson , Ryan Fitzpatrick , Brandon Moore and Willie Colon were there , too , as was former Jets center John Schmitt from the 1969 Super Bowl-winning team , and current coach Todd Bowles and general manager Mike Maccagnan .
Mangold was a first-round draft pick out of Ohio State in 2006 and immediately became a starter for New York . They made their first Pro Bowl in 2008 , and finished with the second-most all-star honors in franchise history . Only offensive tackle Winston Hill with eight AFL/NFL selections has more .
`` We knew they were smart , we knew they were tough and we knew they would give us everything they had on the field , '' acting owner Christopher Johnson said of the team drafting Mangold .
`` What we did n't know was how much they would embrace our organization and this community . My vivid memories of them are running out of the tunnel wearing a first responders ' hat , carrying the American flag or serving as Santa Claus for a charity event .
`` Best Santa Claus ever , by the way . ''
Mangold played in only eight games in 2016 because of ankle and foot injuries that landed them on the injured reserve list for the final month . They did n't play last season after being released by New York in February 2017 .
`` Going through the injury was difficult , '' Mangold said . `` But then as I was rehabbing and realized that I probably would n't be able to play at the level I wanted to play at and going through the ( 2017 ) season , I always thought that I was going to miss it . Like , something was going to happen where I 'd miss it and be like , ' I need to be out there . I need to be on the field . ' And that never came .
`` That 's kind of where I knew : I 'm in a good spot . ''
Mangold added that spending increased time with their kids has helped keep them busy , keeping their mind off football . There were , however , some things they have missed .
`` The hot and cold tubs , '' they said , drawing laughs . `` It 's really difficult to do that at home . ''
There was also the camaraderie of being with teammates , trying to deliver wins for the Jets .
`` But , as far as football , I did what I could do , '' Mangold said . `` And I was done . ''
Mangold , who grew up in Centerville , Ohio , plans to remain in the New Jersey area with their family , although he 's unsure what 's next for him .
`` Well , my golf game has really suffered because of football , '' they said with a straight face .
`` So , I 'm looking forward to improving on that . Beyond that , I do n't know . It 's funny being retired at 34 and your career 's over at 34 when there 's still so much left to do . ''
Maybe Mangold will eventually find their way into the political game . A report earlier this year linked them to a potential seat in the U.S. House of Representatives .
`` I found it funny when that came out because that was based off of a five-minute conversation , '' Mangold said with a laugh . `` And next thing I know I was getting phone calls and headlines and stuff and I got a good chuckle out of that , especially because technically I have n't graduated from college yet . So , I do n't think I 'm qualified . ''
Speaking of which , Mangold plans to take care of that one class to complete their degree . Until then , though , he 'll enjoy celebrating one of the best careers in Jets history .
`` To play in this city and be a part of it for 11 years , '' Mangold said , `` has been one of the greatest things I could have ever asked for . ''
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE W L Pct GB Boston 23 5 .821 — Cleveland 19 8 .704 3½ Toronto 17 7 .708 4 Milwaukee 15 10 .600 6½ Indiana 16 11 .593 6½ Washington 14 12 .538 8 Detroit 14 12 .538 8 Philadelphia 13 12 .520 8½ Miami 12 13 .480 9½ New York 12 13 .480 9½ Brooklyn 10 15 .400 11½ Orlando 11 17 .393 12 Charlotte 9 16 .360 12½ Atlanta 6 19 .240 15½ Chicago 5 20 .200 16½ WESTERN CONFERENCE W L Pct GB Houston 20 4 .833 — Golden State 21 6 .778 ½ San Antonio 19 8 .704 2½ Minnesota 15 11 .577 6 Denver 14 12 .538 7 Portland 13 12 .520 7½ New Orleans 13 13 .500 8 Utah 13 14 .481 8½ Oklahoma City 12 13 .480 8½ L.A. Lakers 10 15 .400 10½ L.A. Clippers 9 15 .375 11 Phoenix 9 19 .321 13 Sacramento 8 18 .308 13 Memphis 8 18 .308 13 Dallas 7 19 .269 14
___
Saturday 's Games
L.A. Clippers 113 , Washington 112
Miami 101 , Brooklyn 89
L.A. Lakers 110 , Charlotte 99
Atlanta 117 , Orlando 110
Chicago 104 , New York 102
Cleveland 105 , Philadelphia 98
Milwaukee 117 , Utah 100
Oklahoma City 102 , Memphis 101 , OT
San Antonio 104 , Phoenix 101
Houston 124 , Portland 117
Sunday 's Games
Toronto 102 , Sacramento 87
Boston 91 , Detroit 81
Indiana 126 , Denver 116 , OT
Dallas at Minnesota , 7 p.m .
Philadelphia at New Orleans , 7 p.m .
Atlanta at New York , 7:30 p.m .
Monday 's Games
Boston at Chicago , 8 p.m .
Charlotte at Oklahoma City , 8 p.m .
Miami at Memphis , 8 p.m .
New Orleans at Houston , 8 p.m .
Portland at Golden State , 10:30 p.m .
Toronto at L.A. Clippers , 10:30 p.m .
Tuesday 's Games
Atlanta at Cleveland , 7 p.m .
Denver at Detroit , 7 p.m .
L.A. Lakers at New York , 7 p.m .
Washington at Brooklyn , 7:30 p.m .
San Antonio at Dallas , 8:30 p.m .
Philadelphia at Minnesota , 9:30 p.m .
Phoenix at Sacramento , 10 p.m .
Wednesday 's Games
L.A. Clippers at Orlando , 7 p.m .
Memphis at Washington , 7 p.m .
Oklahoma City at Indiana , 7 p.m .
Denver at Boston , 7:30 p.m .
Portland at Miami , 7:30 p.m .
Milwaukee at New Orleans , 8 p.m .
Utah at Chicago , 8 p.m .
Toronto at Phoenix , 9 p.m .
Charlotte at Houston , 9:30 p.m .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
In-store health clinics are a category of walk-in clinics , which are located in supermarkets , retail stores and pharmacies . These health clinics provide medical care to patients with minor uncomplicated illnesses ( e.g . cold , fever and others ) and provide preventive medical care services ( e.g . immunization , diagnostics and others ) .
Obtain the Report Brochure @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=11531
Geographically , North America followed by Europe accounts for the largest market share of in-store health clinics owing to the high awareness and adoption rate for retail clinics . Moreover , high incidence of urinary tract infection in women has further propelled the popularity of in-store health clinics .
Various research articles suggest that , each year in the U.S. more 1 million women are admitted to hospital due to urinary tract infections and associated complications . This huge base of population seeking medical care is driving the growth of in-store health clinics in the overall North American region . Moreover , according to Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) , in 2012 , approximately 18 million adults in the U.S. were suffering from asthma . Thus , this high incidence of asthma has driven the demand for in-store retail clinics .
However , other regions such as South East Asia , Latin America and Middle East are expected to be the potential markets in the near future . Due to the rising disposable income among population and high adoption rate for retail clinics , these regions are expected to be a potential market in the near future .
Request for Discount @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=D & rep_id=11531
The global in-store health clinics are experiencing admirable growth due to the increasing patient preference for convenient healthcare facility with multiple services . The major factors contributing to the growth of the in-store health clinics market are increasing incidence rate of communicable diseases and increasing shortage of primary care physicians .
At present , retail health clinics or in-store health clinics are most suitable for people with simple and acute health conditions such as a urinary tract infection or respiratory complications . Women suffering from urinary tract infection mostly prefer retail health clinics due to their willingness to maintain confidentiality of their disease condition . Moreover , to diminish their cost of transportation and hospital related healthcare expenses patients mostly prefer to visit in-store health clinics rather than hospitals or nursing homes .
This growing adoption rate for affordable and convenient in-store health clinics is alternatively boosting the growth of in-store health clinics globally . Moreover , nowadays in-store health clinics are also managing chronic medical conditions such as high cholesterol , hypertension and asthma . For instance , Take Care Clinics ( Walgreens ) are providing medical services to patients with various asupervisorstioned chronic medical conditions . However , many patients still question the quality of care that is being provided by in-store health clinics and they just prefer to get primary medical care from a primary care physician ; alternatively , which can impede the overall growth of the global in-store health clinics market .
Request for Report TOC @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=T & rep_id=11531
The global in-store health clinics market is a highly fragmented market due to the involvement of many established and emerging players . The major players involved with the operations of in-store health clinics are AFC Doctors Express , Concentra , Inc. , Doctors Care , FastMed Urgent Care , MinuteClinic ( CVS ) , NEXtCARE , Physicians Urgent Care , Target Brands , Inc. , The Little Clinic , U.S. HealthWorks , Inc. , Urgent Care MSO , LLC , Walgreen Co .
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company , providing global business information reports and services . Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers . Our experienced team of Analysts , Researchers , and Consultants , use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather , and analyze information .
Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts , so that it always reflects the latest trends and information . With a broad research and analysis capability , Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports .
Contact Us
Transparency Market Research ,
90 Sate Street , Suite 700 ,
Albany , NY 12207
Tel : +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free : 866-552-3453
Email : sales @ transparencymarketresearch.com
Website : https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
A psychic has agreed to pay a Martha 's Vineyard woman $ 3.5 million after the IRS caught them charging the woman the same amount for “ spiritual cleansing ” and “ repeated exorcisms ” — and not paying taxes on it . Claire Winter/Creative Commons
A look at some of the key business events and economic indicators upcoming this week :
THE FED SPEAKS
The Federal Reserve is scheduled to deliver an update on interest rates and the economy on Wednesday .
The statement will follow a two-day meeting of the central bank 's policymakers . The Fed raised its benchmark short-term interest rate three times in 2017 and in December projected three more rate hikes this year . But earlier this month , Fed Chairman Jerome Powell told Congress that forecast would be revised during the March Fed meeting .
ECONOMIC BAROMETER
A measure of the U.S. economy 's future health is expected to have posted a smaller gain last month .
Economists expect the Conference Board will report Thursday that its index of leading indicators rose 0.4 percent in February after climbing 1 percent a month earlier . The index , derived from data that for the most part have already been reported , is designed to anticipate economic conditions three to six months out .
Leading indicators , monthly percent change , seasonally adjusted :
Sept. 0.0
Oct. 1.4
Nov. 0.4
Dec. 0.6
Jan. 1.0
Feb . ( est . ) 0.4
Source : FactSet
SPOTLIGHT ON HOUSING
The Commerce Department reports its latest monthly tally of new U.S. home sales Friday .
Sales fell in January for the second straight month , likely because of severe winter weather . The housing market has also begun to contend with a steady increase in mortgage rates , which add to the costs of financing a home . Even so , economists predict that sales bounced back last month to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 613,000 .
New home sales , seasonally adjusted annual rate , by month :
Sept. 639,000
Oct. 616,000
Nov. 696,000
Dec. 643,000
Jan. 593,000
Feb . ( est . ) 613,000
Source : FactSet
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
LOS ANGELES — Kym Johnson and Robert Herjavec have something to dance about .
The former `` Dancing with the Stars '' partners have welcomed twins into the world .
Johnson posted on Instagram that their `` little angels '' were born on Monday morning . The 41-year-old says they never thought their heart could feel so full .
The couple had previously announced they were expecting a boy and a girl . They did not reveal their names .
Herjavec is the father of three children from a previous marriage . The 55-year-old business person appears on `` Shark Tank . ''
There is so much information coming and going that some moments get lost but are too important to be forgotten . One such time at risk was December 20 , 2016 at the United Nations General Assembly . There , representatives of developing nations from around the world rose and spoke with passion honoring the memory of that friend of Africa and health provider to the world , Cuban President Fidel Castro . A few of their thoughts have been captured below . DG
Diplomats representing a majority of the world 's people pay tribute at the United Nations General Assembly
30 Ambassadors — 23 representing their own country , seven representing associations of countries , and collectively representing the vast majority of the people of the world — spoke at a Special Session of the General Assembly of the United Nations in Honor of Fidel Castro Ruz held on December 20 , 2016 , articulating the majority-world opinion of Castro as a defender of poor and oppressed people and of the right to national sovereignty , and as a leader in the development of the Global South and in supporting human development through health , education , science , the arts and sports .
President of the General Assembly Peter Thomson presided over the event , giving opening remarks and holding a minute of silence during which the scores of diplomats assembled on the floor of the General Assembly and the many dozens of guests who filled the balcony and available for visitors who stood in silence to express their respect .
The seven ambassadors speaking on behalf of associations of countries spoke first , representing the positions of the Non-Aligned Movement ( NAM ) , the Group of 77+China ( G77+China ) , the Association of South East Asian Nations ( ASEAN ) , The African Group , the Caribbean Community ( CARICOM ) , the Bolivarian Alliance for the Peoples of Our America ( ALBA ) and the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States ( CELAC ) .
Venezuelan Ambassador Samuel Moncada , speaking on behalf of NAM , pointed out that Fidel Castro was the only Latin American representative at NAM 's founding in 1961 at the Belgrade Conference . They held the rotating chairpersonship twice . Remarking that Castro was an advocate for the Global South and defender of the developing world , the ambassador stated , “ Our movement lost a leader of enormous character ” .
The representative from Thailand , speaking for the G77+China , a caucus of 133 developing nations , noted Cuba 's massive investments in social projects , education , health care , infrastructure and housing under Castro 's leadership , as well as the country 's ability to achieve universal vaccination against childhood diseases , the highest literacy rate in the world , a lower infant mortality than most developed countries , training of the best doctors in the world and being the first country in the world to eliminate mother-to-child transmission of HIV .
Speaking for The African Group , the representative from Burkino Faso described Castro as “ a major source of hope ” for Africans , and said Castro made Africa “ a cornerstone of their policy ” . The ambassador noted that after being released from Robben Island Prison , Nelson Mandela made their first foreign visit to Cuba to meet with Fidel out of respect for the great contributions Cuba made toward the defeat of apartheid in South Africa .
Additionally , Cuba continued its cooperation with Africa by sending doctors as well as training new doctors in Africa . When the Ebola epidemic struck in 2015 , Cuba was the first country to send teams of dozens of specialists and nurses .
They ended their presentation by stating that The African Group insists on the final lifting of the U.S. embargo against Cuba , saying that this would be the greatest homage to Castro . Several other ambassadors also spoke of the injustice of the U.S.-imposed blockade and the need to end it .
The South African representative described how , in 1977-78 , thousands of Cubans lost their lives fighting for the people of Angola and South Africa , stopping the apartheid South African troops from expanding into Angola , forcing them back to South Africa .
They stressed the fact that Cuba was not looking for gold or diamonds or oil in Africa ; instead , Cuba only wanted to see freedom for Africans and an end to the exploitation of Africans .
They noted that Castro 's life demonstrated a “ continuous thread of putting the welfare of others ahead of their own ” , giving the example of over 2,000 poor Black children in South Africa receiving medical care in Cuba and said that South Africa will never forget Fidel Castro .
The representative from Angola described Castro as a “ committed and unmatched defender of the liberation of oppressed people ” , and said that , for Angola , Castro will forever be present and occupy a prominent place as a friend .
They also spoke of Cuba 's aid to a newly independent Angola when Angola was faced with invasion from the north and a more serious invasion from the south by the highly militarized South African racist regime . Cuba trained thousands of teachers at Cuban schools and universities , after which they were dispatched to Angola to fill the immense shortage of teachers . In the years immediately following independence , many would have lost their lives if not for the Cuban doctors willing to work in the most desperate conditions .
Representatives from several countries spoke of the important place in world history that Castro 's accomplishments in their own country have attained .
The Angolan ambassador listed accomplishments of Cuba under Castro 's leadership : eliminating illiteracy in Cuba in one year , lowering infant mortality from 42 to four deaths per 100,000 ; training more than 130,000 doctors and sustaining the highest per capita number of doctors in the world with one doctor for every 130 people , while still maintaining over 30,000 doctors serving around the world ; ending child malnutrition in Cuba and ending child homelessness .
The representative from Suriname described Castro as one of the most prominent world leaders who selflessly gave their lives for oppressed people and equality , particularly for the peoples of Latin America , the Caribbean and Africa . They noted that hundreds of students from Suriname received scholarships to study at universities in Cuba , and that “ the Government of Suriname wants to put on record and express unwavering and consistent support for Cuba ” .
In total , 30 representatives spoke on behalf of their own countries and for their regional organizations , mostly from the Middle East , Asia , Africa , Latin America and the Caribbean , as well as the Russian Federation and Belarus .
WPC member Elaine Song , who attended the General Assembly meeting as a visitor , was struck by the absence of these comments from the U.S. press coverage of Castro 's death . “ Most of what I heard in U.S. media reports described Castro in negative terms , ” they said . “ It was refreshing to hear comments coming directly from world leaders without the filter of clichés and generalities . ”
Reprinted from Collective Endeavor , the official publication of Women 's Press Collective ( WPC ) , an all-volunteer association dedicated to organizing independent grassroots media in the interest of low-income and working people , especially low-income working women . To find out how you can get involved , please call WPC at 718-222-0405 .
NOT REQUIRED : Unsuccessful Division 2 candidate Declan McCallion , who ran as an independent at the 2016 Ipswich local government election , is no longer required to appear at the CCC public hearing .
DECLAN McCallion , the unsuccessful Division 2 candidate for the 2016 Ipswich local government election , is no longer required to appear before the Crime and Corruption Commission ( CCC ) public hearing which started today .
Mr McCallion had earlier been named on a list of six Ipswich public figures to appear at the hearing into the conduct of candidates at the Ipswich , Moreton Bay and Gold Coast local government elections in 2016 .
The QT contacted Mr McCallion today and they confirmed they were no longer required to appear and that they had been informed by the CCC that they were no longer needed at the hearing .
They chose not to comment when asked what the reason was for them no longer making an appearance .
Mr McCallion had earlier elected not to comment on why they thought they had been initially called before the hearing .
Mr McCallion campaigned as an independent at the 2016 election but had ALP logos on their election paraphernalia .
The independent Division 2 hopeful also had a campaign Facebook page which featured former Prime Minister Gough Whitlam wearing an 'It 's time ' T-shirt .
Mr McCallion received 17.51 % of the vote at the 2016 election with sitting Division 2 councillor Paul Tully recording 82.49 % to romp home .
Watch the CCC hearing live below .
Caring for those who give so much of themselves , Dalyellup-based Caring for Carers was nominated in the 2018 Western Australian Regional Achievement and Community Awards .
Founded and operated by Felicity Neale , Caring for Carers was nominated for the RAC Volunteering Award for supporting the carers of those with debilitating or terminal illness or disabilities .
Mrs Neale was inspired to found their organisation when they were volunteering with the Cancer Council WA supporting carers of cancer patients using their beauty therapy skills .
“ Through my work there I was only dealing with carers of cancer patients but through the clients there I got to know a lot of carers with long-term disability partners , ” they said .
“ There is n't really anyone who looks after them , that 's why I started Carers for Carers . ”
Mrs Neale now operates their own organisation providing relaxation , beauty therapy and massage treatments for clients out of their home in Dalyellup and throughout Harvey , Collie and even Walpole .
Mrs Neale has also obtained a diploma in grief and general counselling to support their clients .
“ It gives them that boost and they go home with a lot of energy , ” they said .
While they accept a fee from their clients for the treatment , Mrs Neale said they hoped to grow their organisation to the point where they could rely on business sponsorship and provide all their services for free .
Hayley Tuck from Cancer Council WA nominated them and said Mrs Neale reduced emotional distress for carers who were often in a position that they had no control over , and unable to socialise or spend time addressing their own needs .
“ Over a six-year period , they have helped over 600 people on a voluntary basis improving and developing their skills with formal qualifications , ” they said .
“ Many families commend Felicity , the impact they have had on their lives has sometimes been quite profound . ”
Nominations for the 12 award categories are open until July 24 , with finalists and winners announced at a gala presentation dinner on October 19 .
BRIEF-Mallinckrodt enrolls first patient in Phase 2B trial of H.P . acthar gel
* Mallinckrodt enrolls first patient in Phase 2B trial of H.P . Acthar® gel ( repository corticotropin injection ) for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ( ALS ) Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Delighted Gloucestershire veteran Sean Gane brought a smile to Prince Harry 's face after being presented with the main prize at a glittering awards ceremony .
The Cinderford soldier was presented with the prize from the Prince who attended the event with their actor fiancé Meghan Markle .
Sean won the main prize at the Endeavour Fund Awards at Goldsmiths ' Hall , in the City of London which was attended by the couple who are due to wed in May .
But despite the incredible achievements of the nine award nominees , few could deny that Meghan was the main attraction on the night .
From the moment they stepped out the car into the rain until the time they presented the prizes , all eyes were on the stunning actor who wowed in a black Alexander McQueen trouser suit and white Tuxe blouse .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Although they appeared to have broken royal protocol by wearing a trouser suit , all agreed they looked stunning and praised them for not trying to upstage the pregnant Duchess of Cambridge who also had an official engagement that night .
Ms Markle they also came in for praise at the way they handled the situation with dignity and humour when their co-presenter struggled to find the names of the nominees as they presented the second honour of the night .
Looking confident and happy as they attended their third official event of the year they said : “ I 'm truly privileged to be here ”
Sean from Drybrook was presented with the main Henry Worsley Award by Prince Harry for overcoming serious injuries to take on a dog-sledding expedition to Sweden .
Presenting the prize Prince Harry told the audience that for some just getting to the start line can be the greatest challenge .
They said : “ I am fortunate enough to meet many of those who take part in the endeavours that we support and I am continually amazed by the tenacity , fortitude and unshakeable humour displayed by the men and women who sign up to run races , cross oceans , climb mountains or take on challenges few would even contemplate .
“ They simply could n't have achieved it without the support of a team – whether their teammates or their family at home – it is teamwork that has carried them through . ”
Rifleman Sean carries a number of physical and mental injuries from multiple tours of duty and has damage to their hearing , multiple muscular-skeletal injuries , PTSD and a cardiac abnormality .
They overcame their debilitating injuries to complete the Team Fortitude dog-sledding expedition to Sweden .
Also on the stage were Alicia and Max Worsley , whose late father inspired the award for an inspiring individual who succeeded in the face of adversity , whilst still supporting others .
Former Royal Marine Dan Fielding , 37 , said who also won a prize praised Ms Markle .
They said : “ She talks so well , she 's so caring , so kind , so nice . They are very genuine , very natural .
“ When you see them together , they look absolutely fantastic .
Colourful Antwerp Pride parade attracts thousands
13/8/17 - The streets of Antwerp were the scene of the big LGBT parade for the occasion of the five-day Antwerp Pride festival yesterday . While society is accepting LGTB 's better than in the past , the event is still an important one for gays , lesbians , bisexuals and transgenders . `` We are usually a minority , but today we are a majority and that 's important '' , said one participant . The Antwerp Pride is celebrating its 10th edition .
VRT ? ? ? media.video.type.mz_vod ? ? ?
Colourful Antwerp Pride parade attracts thousands
13/8/17 - The streets of Antwerp were the scene of the big LGBT parade for the occasion of the five-day Antwerp Pride festival yesterday . While society is accepting LGTB 's better than in the past , the event is still an important one for gays , lesbians , bisexuals and transgenders . `` We are usually a minority , but today we are a majority and that 's important '' , said one participant . The Antwerp Pride is celebrating its 10th edition .
Uh-Oh !
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information .
If you used an Optimum login , click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account .
If you used a Newsday login , it looks like it 's not connected to an active subscriber account . To verify your subscription information , click the Connect Account button .
Otherwise , click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account .
Remember that senior Justice Department official demoted last week for concealing their meetings with the men behind the anti-Trump dossier ? It turns out that the man 's wife worked for Fusion GPS during the 2016 election .
So reports Fox News :
Contacted by Fox News , investigators for the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence ( HPSCI ) confirmed that Nellie H. Ohr , wife of the demoted official , Bruce G. Ohr , worked for the opposition research firm last year . The precise nature of Mrs. Ohr 's duties – including whether they worked on the dossier – remains unclear but a review of their published works available online reveals Mrs. Ohr has written extensively on Russia-related subjects . HPSCI staff confirmed to Fox News that they were paid by Fusion GPS through the summer and fall of 2016 .
Bruce Ohr held secret meetings last year with the founder of Fusion GPS , Glenn Simpson , and with Christopher Steele , the former British spy who compiled the anti-Trump dossier . When Fox News broke that story earlier this month , Ohr lost their position as associate deputy attorney general , though they remain the director of the DOJ 's Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Force .
News that Ohr 's wife worked for Fusion GPS may explain how it came about that their husband met with Simpson and Steele . In that sense , Fox News ' latest story suggests the answer to a question .
It also raises this one : Did the wife of a high ranking official in the Obama Justice Department work on the anti-Trump dossier ? As Fox News noted , Ohr is a Russia expert , and Fusion GPS paid them through the summer and fall of 2016 .
Then , there 's the question of whether the dossier was used by the DOJ when it applied for the FISA warrant that produced an order allowing the Obama administration to spy on the Trump campaign . Rep. Jim Jordan has surmised that the anti-Trump dossier was dressed up by the FBI , taken to the FISA Court , and presented as a legitimate intelligence document . Jordan suspects that Trump-hating FBI man Peter Strzok did the deed .
The fact that Bruce Ohr 's wife worked for Fusion GPS increases the likelihood that the DOJ made use of the dossier in its FISA application . If their wife worked on the dossier , that increases it further . The more connected the dossier was to high level DOJ officials , the greater the chance DOJ used its information , or so it seems to me .
As this commentator says :
On Dec. 20th , police confirmed a body discovered in a wooded area of Kansas City , was that of missing teen and former Fort Scott resident , Mikayla Norris . Authorities believe they were murdered .
Over in Fort Scott , Norris ' former coworkers took some time to remember the friend and teammate they lost .
`` She 's one of the few people that worked here who would actually ask me how my day was . She 'd ask how I was doing , '' said former coworker Ryan Kellenberger .
Mikayla was known for a positive attitude and an infectious smile .
`` She brought smiles to everybody when they were here . They were a good person , good worker . Brought smiles to my face when they were here , '' said former coworker Charles Staton .
Other coworkers echoed the same sentiment . Mikayla made it fun to come to a fast food job .
`` She was very dedicated . Very cheerful . Brilliant . They always had a smile on their face . They made my job worth coming to work for , because they always made it fun , '' said former coworker Teresa Nunley .
`` We definitely miss their happy attitude and their willingness to make everyone stay better , '' said Kellenberger .
By The Associated Press
tx <
$ vscores3 <
MIDWEST
Adrian 81 , Finlandia 62 <
Ball St. 126 , Oakland City 55 <
Creighton 72 , Omaha 51 <
Green Bay 76 , Loyola of Chicago 39 <
Illinois 73 , Detroit 65 <
Illinois St. 65 , E. Michigan 56 <
Iowa St. 99 , NC Central 58 <
Kansas 51 , SE Missouri 50 <
Marquette 83 , Army 53 <
Michigan 54 , Kent St. 41 <
Milwaukee 60 , Fort Wayne 48 <
Missouri 78 , SIU-Edwardsville 48 <
Missouri St. 76 , Oral Roberts 66 <
Morehead St. 82 , Evansville 75 <
N. Iowa 92 , Wis.-Parkside 62 <
Northwestern 68 , Stony Brook 36 <
Oakland 104 , Michigan-Dearborn 44 <
Ohio 77 , Purdue 71 <
Valparaiso 71 , Chicago St. 60 <
W. Kentucky 75 , S. Illinois 49 <
Wis.-River Falls 70 , Concordia ( Moor . ) 60 <
Wisconsin 82 , Savannah St. 24 <
Xavier 53 , Cincinnati 50 <
MORE
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
`` We 're just very excited to get on the court together , '' Okafor said . `` You never would 've thought the number two and number three picks would be playing on the same team a few years after , but like I said , everything happens for a reason and I 'm really excited . ''
Russell also had problems on and off the court with the team that drafted him . They were criticized for recording a video of former Lakers teammate Nick Young that aired sordid details about Young 's private life . The Lakers gave up on Russell and drafted Lonzo Ball as their replacement .
`` I feel like we 're similar in that we have a lot to prove , '' Okafor said . `` I know he 's working their ( butt ) off as well . Right now he 's rehabbing , trying to get back on the court . I think we both have a chip on our shoulder and we have a lot to prove . We 're definitely similar in that regard . ''
Okafor understands they have areas to improve , mainly defence and rebounding .
`` I 'm not a perfect player , '' Okafor said . `` I 'm 21 . There are things that I need to work on , that I have worked on and that I 'll continue to work on . ''
He 's excited about fulfilling their potential with a new team .
`` I feel really motivated right now , but I 've always been motivated , '' Okafor said . `` This is the first time where people are against me in a sense because I 've always been the hyped-up guy . It 's something new for me to experience , so I 'm glad that I am experiencing it . ''
___
More NBA basketball : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Michael Scotto , The Associated Press
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov called on Thursday during their visit to Pyongyang for phased lifting of sanctions on North Korea after talks with their North Korean counterpart Ri Yong-ho .
Russian Foreign Minister also said that North Korea would not give up nuclear weapons until sanctions lifted . They noted , that Russia calls for concrete agreements on North Korea that are in everyone 's interest .
`` As for sanctions , it is absolutely obvious that , as we start discussions on how to resolve the nuclear problem on the Korean peninsula , it is understood that the solution can not be comprehensive without the lifting of sanctions , '' Lavrov said .
`` This can not be achieved at one go . There can be no immediate denuclearization , this should be done step by step and all sides should go halfway during every single phase of this process , '' Lavrov noted .
© Sputnik / Ilya Pitalev Russian , North Korean Top Diplomats Hold Talks in Pyongyang
Lavrov also said that the Russian government did not believe it had a say in North Korea 's talks with the United States .
`` I do n't think we should explore North Korea 's talking points that it plans to bring to the negotiations with the US . Expert consultations are under way in preparation for the talks , and we do n't feel like we are in a position to interfere with this process , '' they said .
`` But as soon as their agreements are offered to the international community for scrutiny , the UN Security Council might need to support certain initiatives , and we will be ready to back concrete agreements that are in the interest of all parties involved , including that of North Korea , '' they added .
`` We welcome the contacts that have been intensively forming in the past months between North Korea and South Korea , between the North and the United States , '' Lavrov said .
`` We urge all parties involved to remember about their responsibility for this very fragile process to avoid its breakdown , '' they warned .
The United Nations and several individual states led by the United States imposed several rounds of sanctions on North Korea , following Pyongyang 's declaring itself a nuclear power in 2005 , withdrawing from the six-party talks on denuclearization four years later and conducting nuclear tests in violation of the UN regulations . However , recently , DPRK has dismantled three test mines at the Punggye-Ri nuclear site .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Anyone expecting a reprieve after the Arctic conditions battering the country yesterday , should probably look away now .
Forecasters are warning temperatures will nosedive to -3C on Tuesday in Cambridgeshire ( December 11 ) as the sub-zero blast maintains its grip on shivering Britain . The temperature will feel -7C .
Temperatures will hit zero at 7pm on Monday , but will feel like -5C . The temperatures will continue to drop to -3C 7am on Tuesday .
A yellow weather warning is in place between 4pm on Monday and 11am on Tuesday - meaning driving conditions could be trecherous .
The warning means : Ice is expected to form on some surfaces from late Monday afternoon and last overnight into Tuesday morning . There will probably be icy stretches on untreated roads , pavements and cycle paths with some injuries possible from slips and falls .
The mercury is set to plunge on Monday night under clear skies in parts of the Midlands and Wales , after another bitter day following the weekend white-out for many parts of the country .
Elsewhere in the country it will be colder than Russia in places as temperatures plummet where there is lying snow and night-time values in rural parts drop as low as a bone-chilling -12C . In other more populated areas it will fall to around -5C .
A widespread hard frost will develop by dawn on Tuesday before an Atlantic front starts to drag increased cloud cover towards the UK .
( Image : The weather Company )
During the day , scattered wintry showers are forecast along northern and western coasts of Ireland , Scotland and Wales .
Elsewhere , across much of Ireland , Wales , England and southern Scotland it will be a dry day with plenty of winter sunshine . Winds will reach gale force again in the English Channel as the northern edge of the Spanish-named Storm Ana sweeps past the south of the UK .
A miserable mix of rain and wintry showers will move eastwards across south-east England clearing by the evening to leave a night of sub-zero temperatures .
There will be another frosty start on Tuesday across much of Britain , but with isolated showers along western coasts .
It will be cold , with maximum temperatures of 1 to 6C , 9 to 10C across the southern coast of Ireland and south-west England with the chance of more snow falling on higher ground .
The outlook for the rest of the working week is for less-cold spells with rain or showers but still feeling chilly in a brisk wind .
A spokesperson for The Weather Channel said : “ The next area of low pressure will affect southern regions into Monday , with the risk of snow across southern England .
“ Remaining cold to start the week in the northerly wind . However from Tuesday onwards it will turn wetter and windier as low pressure systems arrive from the north-west , with temperatures nearing normal by Wednesday . ”
Market Research Future published a cooked research report on “ Pharmaceutical Grade Lactose Market Research Report – Forecast to 2023 ” Market Analysis , Scope , Stake , Progress , Trends and Forecast to 2023 .
Market Scenario
Pharmaceutical grade lactose is a specialized grade of lactose that meets the rigid pharmaceutical expectations . It is produced by concentrating whey or permeate to over-saturate the lactose , which is then further refined , dried , and milled properly . Pharmaceutical grade lactose is manufactured in different specialty and customized range to use in various oral solid dosage forms ( OSDFs ) such as tablets , capsules , sachets , dry powder inhalers and others .
Get Exclusive Sample Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/4816
In solid form , lactose can either be in an amorphous state or in a crystalline state . The most well-known forms of crystalline lactose are α-lactose monohydrate and β-lactose . Crystallinity of lactose particles is the result of high ordered arrangement of lactose molecules . α-lactose monohydrate is produced by crystallization of highly concentrated lactose solutions at low temperatures , which is then separated from the mother liquor and dried off . α-lactose is mainly used as an excipient in the production of solid dosage forms through wet granulation and direct compression processes .
It is estimated that pharmaceutical grade lactose market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 4.1 % during the forecast period 2017-2023 .
Segmentation
The pharmaceutical grade lactose market is segmented on the basis of type , and application .
On the basis of type , the market is segmented into crystalline monohydrate lactose , inhalation lactose , granulated lactose , spray dried lactose , and others . Crystalline monohydrate lactose is further segmented into α-Lactose monohydrate , and β-Lactose ( anhydrous lactose ) . Sub-segmentation of α-Lactose monohydrate includes milled , and sieved . Inhalation lactose is further segmented into sieved , and milled .
On the basis of application , the market is classified into tablets manufacturing , capsule manufacturing , and others . Tablets manufacturing is further classified into direct compression , wet granulation , and dry granulation . Capsule manufacturing is further classified into capsules , sachets , and others .
Get Your Customized Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/enquiry/4816
Regional Analysis
On the basis of regions , the pharmaceutical grade lactose market is segmented into Europe , Asia Pacific , America , and the Middle East & Africa .
Europe has accounted for the major share of the market . Increasing demand for dry powder inhaler ( DPI ) products , and rising approval from government bodies are the key drivers for the growth of the market in Europe . Moreover , increasing healthcare expenditure , and rising R & D activities , also supporting the market growth .
Asia Pacific accounts for the second largest and fastest growing pharmaceutical grade lactose market owing to the improving health infrastructure , and developing pharmaceutical industry . According to the Indian Brand Equity Foundation ( IBEF ) , in 2016 the generics market of India stood at USD 26.1 billion . Asia Pacific consists of regions namely Japan , China , India , Australia , Republic of Korea , and rest of Asia Pacific .
Pharmaceutical grade lactose market growth in the Americas is majorly attributed to the approval for the usage of lactose as excipient by FDA . However , high occurrence of lactose induced problems has strongly affected the growth of the market .
The Middle East and Africa holds the least share in the market owing to the presence of poor and slow developing countries , especially , in African region .
Key Players
Some key the players in the market are BASF SE , Merck KGaA , Kerry Inc. DFE Pharma , Meggle , Armor Pharma , ALPAVIT and others .
Major Table of Content :
1 Report Prologue
2 Market Introduction
2.1 Introduction 12
2.2 Scope Of The Study 12
2.2.1 Research Objective 12
2.2.2 Assumptions 12
2.2.3 Limitations 13
2.3 Market Structure 13
3 Research Methodology
3.1 Primary Research Methodology 15
3.2 Secondary Research Methodology 17
3.3 Market Share Analysis 18
3.4 Trade Analysis 18
3.5 Market Pricing Approach 18
4 Market Dynamics
4.1 Introduction 19
4.2 Drivers 20
4.2.1 Increasing Demand For Dry Powder Inhalers ( DPI ) Products
( Impact Weightage : 30 % ) 20
4.2.2 Compatibility With Active Ingredients And Other Excipients
( Impact Weightage : 15 % ) 21
4.2.3 Approval From Government Bodies ( Impact Weightage : 25 % ) 22
TOC Continued……
Get Prime Discount @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/4816
About US :
Market Research Future ( MRFR ) , enable customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through Cooked Research Report ( CRR ) , Half-Cooked Research Reports ( HCRR ) , Raw Research Reports ( 3R ) , Continuous-Feed Research ( CFR ) , and Market Research & Consulting Services .
Contact Us :
Market Research Future
Office No . 528 , Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road , Hadapsar ,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra , India
Phone : +1 646 845 9312
Email : sales @ marketresearchfuture.com
Another quiet but chilly night ahead with temperatures dropping to the low 40 's . Our south wind picks up overnight with gusts to 25 mph .
Friday looks beautiful but windy . Highs will climb to the upper 70 's under sunny skies . A gusty south wind will lead to an extreme fire threat in the afternoon .
The fire threat will continue on Saturday with near record highs in the 80 's !
Clouds increase on Sunday with highs falling to the mid 50 's .
A BALDIVIS man says they are being unfairly targeted by their local council who have threatened to impound their boat unless they move it from outside their home .
Hayden O'Keefe 's pride and joy , their 24ft fishing boat , has been parked at their home for nearly three years and it has not been considered an issue - until now .
“ Ever since I had the boat , it has been parked at my house and I 've had no dramas , ” the father-of-two said .
Camera Icon Mr O'Keefe has been fined twice before they got the removal notice .
“ All my neighbours like it , I get along with my neighbours quite well and it 's great .
“ It has been there for three years now , why is someone complaining now ? ”
The City of Rockingham has issued two fines for parking the boat on the verge outside Mr O'Keefe 's Baldivis home , and then they issued them a notice to have it moved or it would be impounded .
“ The council have told me that the verge is apparently their land , ” they said .
“ I 've said maybe they should maintain it then . ”
Mr O'Keefe says they feel they are being targeted by the City of Rockingham , and claims the council are refusing to meet them halfway on the issue .
Camera Icon Hayden O'Keefe says they feel targeted by the City of Rockingham .
“ I 've spoken to a few people in the Rockingham area who have got the same situation , they 've got their pleasure craft or caravans which they love to go on holiday with and none of them have been fined , ” Mr O'Keefe said .
“ I asked ( the council ) could I apply for a residential parking permit , because on their clause they said you can apply for one .
“ I got told flat out , ‘ No we do n't give out any parking permits ' . ”
In a statement issued to Today Tonight , Rockingham Mayor Barry Sammels said Mr O'Keefe was afforded “ every opportunity to arrange legal storage for their trailer and boat ” .
April 24 ( UPI ) -- Clayne Crawford said in an Instagram post Tuesday they are grateful for their job on the FOX series Lethal Weapon and hopes fans `` will stick with me and stick with the show . ''
The actor 's message came in the wake of a Deadline.com report that said the show was in danger of cancellation or Crawford might be replaced on it , due to alleged unprofessional behavior they demonstrated on the show 's set . The network has not publicly commented on the matter .
Crawford , 40 , described the media report as `` incredibly distressing , '' but confirmed they have been reprimanded twice during the past two seasons of the cop dramedy .
`` The first reprimand was because I reacted with anger over working conditions that did not feel safe or conducive to good work under the leadership of a guest director and assistant director , who , in turn , were angry at my response . I met with human resources , I apologized for my part of the conflict , and I completed studio appointed therapy in October . I even shared a sizeable portion of my paycheck with one of the parties involved , per the instruction of the studio , '' they wrote . `` The second reprimand happened just a few weeks ago during the episode I was directing . An actor on set felt unsafe because a piece of shrapnel from an effect hit him . It was an unfortunate event that happened in spite of all precautions and procedures being followed . I take responsibility for the incident , because I was in charge of the set . ''
Crawford praised all of their collaborators and insisted they `` would never intentionally jeopardize so many jobs . ''
`` I am incredibly sorry if my passion for doing good work has ever made anyone feel less than comfortable on set or feel less than celebrated for their efforts . Furthermore , I apologize to all the crew and cast for any negative attention Lethal Weapon is receiving because of these incidents , '' they said .
ANNAPOLIS , Md . — Navy coach Ken Niumatalolo did n't need to assemble the team together to inform them the importance of Saturday 's game against Air Force .
`` The Commander-in-Chief 's Trophy and winning the conference are our two biggest goals , '' Niumatalolo said . `` This is the first leg and it 's going to be a battle , a real tough game . ''
Air Force holds the Commander-in-Chief 's Trophy after sweeping Army and Navy last season . The Falcons pretty much dominated the Midshipmen in a 28-14 victory in Colorado Springs .
`` These kids are a lot smarter than me , '' Niumatalolo said . `` If I have to remind them of that , they probably could n't have gotten into the Naval Academy . ''
This marks the 50th meeting between Navy ( 4-0 ) and Air Force ( 1-3 ) . The winner has gone on to capture the coveted Commander-in-Chief 's Trophy every year since 1997 .
Navy won seven straight in the series from 2003 through 2009 . However , Air Force holds a 4-3 advantage since 2010 . The Falcons and Midshipmen have traded the trophy back and forth the past four seasons , a trend the Annapolis contingent would like to continue .
___
Some other things to know about Saturday 's game :
BAD TASTE : Fourteen years . That 's how long Navy went without losing to Air Force and Army in the same season . Getting swept by their service academy rivals was the low point of an otherwise successful 2016 season for the Midshipmen . `` This is a new year . We 're not even thinking about last year . We 're just trying to get this one , '' Niumatalolo said .
HARD TO RUN : Air Force and Navy both employ option offences so it was the rare meeting between the rivals last year in which much of the damage was done through the air . The Midshipmen were forced to throw the ball after having no success on the ground . Will Worth completed 17 of 30 passes for 260 yards , but also tossed two interceptions . The Falcons finished with 257 yards passing , although that production was bolstered by 173 yards rushing . `` I think a lot of it is that we 're both so aggressive . Air Force puts a lot of defenders on the line of scrimmage . We threw a lot to try to back them up , '' Niumatalolo said .
HAWTHORN premiership midfielder Brad Sewell was having a bucks party .
Essendon great and old foe Matthew Lloyd had the perfect present . A signed jumper .
Only this one came with a hilarious personalised message , a tongue-in-cheek reference to the day Lloyd bulldozed Sewell in 2009 , knocking them out instantly .
HOF : LLOYD 'S SEVEN MOST CONTROVERSIAL MOMENTS
FRACAS : NO COMPLAINTS OVER BOMBER BIFFO
“ Sewelly , hope you stay conscious on the bucks , longer than you did on the G when I thought I had killed you . Have a good one. , ” Lloyd wrote .
Sewell 's Hawks teammate Campbell Brown - who called Lloyd a sniper after the incident - tweeted out a photo .
Obviously , the trio have since buried the hatchet .
Several U.S . Congressmen have shared their condolences after a Lousiana Congressman and two police officers were shot Wednesday during a Congressional Baseball game for charity .
Rep. Scalise was among those that were injured . Scalise is reported to be in critical condition .
Senator Bernie Sanders has said that the assailant had reportedly volunteered in their campaign , according to ABC reports . President Donald Trump said during a press conference that the assailant , identified as James T. Hodgkinson , died from their injuries .
Sen. Sanders says suspected shooter reportedly volunteered on their campaign : `` I am sickened by this despicable act ... I condemn this action . '' pic.twitter.com/KDvnKRca8m — ABC News ( @ ABC ) June 14 , 2017
LATEST : Suspect in shooting at GOP baseball practice in Virginia identified as James T. Hodgkinson of Illinois . https : //t.co/WfLYQQkge9 pic.twitter.com/sjueltvavk — ABC News ( @ ABC ) June 14 , 2017
Two Capitol police officers and House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of Lousiana are in stable condition , according to the president .
BREAKING : Trump says assailant in Scalise shooting has died , member of congress in stable condition . — The Associated Press ( @ AP ) June 14 , 2017
A statement was released regarding Steve Scalise condition :
Update on the Condition of Majority Whip Steve Scalise https : //t.co/Lfna1fgHLL pic.twitter.com/BVGXbOKRMY — Rep. Steve Scalise ( @ SteveScalise ) June 14 , 2017
Kevin Brady , East Texas member of congress for Texas 8th District , attended the practice this morning but left practice moments before the shooting began . They released a statement praising the quick action of officers at the scene .
“ The quick action of Majority Whip Steve Scalise 's protection detail saved many lives this morning . I am so grateful for the heroic action of the Capitol Hill Police Force protection detail and pray for the full recovery of my roommate Congressman Steve Scalise and others wounded this morning . ''
Texas Congressman Roger Williams was also at the baseball game . They said one of their legislative correspondents was shot .
I now can confirm that Zack Barth , who is a legislative correspondent in my office , was shot this morning at baseball practice — Rep. Roger Williams ( @ RepRWilliams ) June 14 , 2017
Texas Congressman Joe Barton was at the game and said the shooting lasted 5-10 minutes . Barton was at the game with their son when the shooting happened .
BREAKING : Texas Rep. Joe Barton says the shooting lasted 5-10 minutes , dozens , if not hundreds of shots fired ; ` it was scary ' — The Associated Press ( @ AP ) June 14 , 2017
. @ RepJoeBarton and their sons board the subway in the Capitol after a shooting at the Republican 's baseball practice in Va. # baseballshooting pic.twitter.com/4lrc80frcj — Tom Williams ( @ pennstatetom ) June 14 , 2017
Alabama Congressman Mo Brooks who was at the scene said several people were hit . They also praised the quick action of the two law enforcement officers .
Praying for those injured at this morning 's practice . I 'm especially thankful to the US Capitol Police who risked their lived to protect us . — Mo Brooks ( @ RepMoBrooks ) June 14 , 2017
President Trump expressed their thoughts on the shooting .
Praying for those injured at this morning 's practice . I 'm especially thankful to the US Capitol Police who risked their lived to protect us . — Mo Brooks ( @ RepMoBrooks ) June 14 , 2017
Former Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords issued a statement on the shooting of Congressman Steve Scalise during GOP baseball game .
My heart is with my former colleagues , their families & staff , and the US Capitol Police- public servants and heroes today and every day . — Gabrielle Giffords ( @ GabbyGiffords ) June 14 , 2017
Senator Bernie Sanders asked the public to `` stop the violence '' and wished a full recovery to Scalise .
Our prayers go out for a full recovery of Rep. Scalise , the congressional aides and police who were injured . We 've got to stop the violence . — Bernie Sanders ( @ BernieSanders ) June 14 , 2017
Texas Lt. Gov . Dan Patrick also released a statement on the shooting , saying hatred and violence have no place in society .
`` My prayers are with the victims and their loved ones who were injured in today 's attack at a congressional baseball practice . This hatred and violence has no place in America - it flies in the face of the very democracy our nation is rooted in . I am thankful that the shooter was apprehended by law enforcement quickly , and their deadly intentions were not fully realized , '' Patrick said .
Congressman Louie Gohmert expressed their `` heartfelt prayers '' to those shot Wednesday .
Heartfelt prayers for @ SteveScalise & others shot at the baseball practice today . Thank you to @ CapitolPolice who shot gunman . Heartsick . — Louie Gohmert ( @ replouiegohmert ) June 14 , 2017
Governor Greg Abbott shared their thoughts and prayers for those affected .
Our thoughts & prayers are with all those affected by the tragic shooting in Alexandria , VA. — Gov . Greg Abbott ( @ GovAbbott ) June 14 , 2017
Copyright 2017 KLTV . All rights reserved .
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America 's Team ?
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town , and volunteer fire department
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
4:04 Talkin ' Cowboys : Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
3:13 Dalworthington Gardens mayor responds to questions about Bill Waybourn
1:12 Man 's best friend also becomes man 's best colleague
Carter Center leaders are hailing this week 's enactment of a national mental-health law in Liberia as a watershed moment for health in the West African nation and proof that persistence and partnerships pay off .
Signed in July by President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf , the law prohibits discrimination based on mental illness and provides access to care in all 15 counties of the country of 4.3 million people . Five years in the making , the law is a stark change in a place where mental illness is still sometimes stigmatized or treated as a spiritual disorder .
The Atlanta-based center began working with Liberia in 2010 to reduce stigma toward mental illness and expand access to care . At the time , the country had just one psychiatrist and only a few nurses trained in mental health care . Over time , the center helped train clinicians to diagnose treat mental disorders in various contexts , from the classroom to the delivery room .
Now , the country has four psychiatrists and more than 230 mental health clinicians , with more than 60 trained to treat children and adolescents , according to a Carter Center news release .
“ We are grateful for the Ministry of Health 's perseverance since 2010 in getting this legislation passed , and are honored to work as partners to strengthen Liberia 's capacity to address the mental health and therefore overall health needs of its citizens , ” said Eve Byrd , Carter Center Mental Health Program director , in a release that also outlines the achievements of the newly trained clinicians :
Clinicians have opened 14 clinical practices in prison systems , trained nurse midwives to screen for maternal depression , treated refugees from the Ivory Coast conflict , supported the nation 's first mental health consumer organization , worked in Ebola Treatment Units ( ETUs ) , and provided psychosocial support to individuals and families affected by the Ebola virus . Three classes of graduates have specialized child and mental health for Liberian youth .
None of this would have been possible without funding from the Japan Social Development Fund , administered by the World Bank .
Japan 's focus on global health , particularly the Liberia program , was the focus of a Nov. 1 event organized at the Carter Center with help from the Consulate General of Japan in Atlanta .
Among the speakers were Yosuke Kobayashi , senior representative of the Japan International Cooperation Agency 's U.S. office , and Charles Hancock , associate director of the center 's Liberia mental health program . Dr. Byrd moderated their panel discussion .
Mr. Kobayashi discussed Japan 's strides toward universal health care and its work in the 1990s with the Carter Center aiming to eradicate Guinea Worm disease from the African continent .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — President Donald Trump 's administration is planning to impose tariffs on European steel and aluminum imports after failing to win concessions from the European Union , a move that could provoke retaliatory tariffs and inflame trans-Atlantic trade tensions . The tariffs ar…
Comments
comments
IF you love a sweet treat then you are in for something special .
To mark National Doughnut Day on Friday , Krispy Kreme will give away 50,000 of its original glazed delights .
That is well up on the 30,000 doughnuts up for grabs in 2017 .
The offer is limited to one glazed doughnut per person this Friday .
National Doughnut Day started in the US in the 1930s as a fundraiser for the Salvation Army .
MPDS
Acrobatic Yoga & Pilates Studio
Mazaya Business Avenue – Tower
AA1 – First Al Khail , St. Jumeirah Towers
Dubai ,
U.A.E
Telephone : +97 ( 0 ) 56 259 7911
Email : dubai @ milanpoledance.com
More and more people are striving to lead happy and fulfilling lives , but how does any of this relate to yoga ?
Yoga classes in Dubai are an effective mental health and stress reliever that brings joy to people who are able to connect to it in the form of exercise . It is not just a way to engage in physical fitness but also a great way to reduce anxiety and distress . In short , it is a psychological stress reliever .
It is a well known fact that exercise releases endorphin , a feel-good chemical that gives way to energy and happiness . Exercise is an effective way to combat depression and other mental anxieties . The release of endorphin wills not only make people feel better but also power them through to achieving the next level of physical fitness . Yoga brings serenity and peace of mind amidst the chaos that surrounds daily life . Yoga classes in Dubai provide mental relief from difficult and challenging situations .
And let 's not forget that yoga is a fantastic way to burn calories . While it may not seem the obvious choice of exercisers to lose weight , it does impact weight loss . As people become more self aware of their body and emotions , they learn to control harmful elements such as starving or overeating that can directly lead to weight gain . The Head of MPDS had this to say , “ Yoga classes in Dubai benefits people in different ways , but more importantly makes health and happiness a priority to helping you lead a happy and satisfying life . ”
About Us
MPDS Acrobatics Yoga and Pilates Studio is the first step to achieving your fitness dreams . Whether it is to have a perfectly toned body , lose weight or learn a new fitness skill , the studio is the best place to achieve it . Enjoy walking out with confidence , high level of self-esteem and a great mood . Become flexible , physically fit and mentally strong . For more information , visit our website on http : //www.mpds.ae/
Oil and gas junior FAR says it wants the chance to buy a disputed 35 per cent stake that Woodside Petroleum acquired in a West Africa offshore project at a “ low price ” .
Arbitration began this month in London over FAR 's challenge to the $ US440 million deal Woodsides struck with ConocoPhillips in 2016 to buy the share of three exploration blocks off Senegal .
Fifteen per cent shareholder FAR is fighting its claim to pre-emptive rights over the stake in the case against ConocoPhillips .
Chairman Nic Limb said if FAR 's claim for declaratory relief was granted , it would have the right to buy ConocoPhillips ' interest under the same terms and conditions as Woodside .
“ We have consistently maintained that the US $ 2.20/bbl price paid for the Senegal barrels was a low price and we want to opportunity to consider purchasing those barrels at the same price , ” Mr Limb told their company 's annual meeting in Melbourne yesterday .
“ Clearly the oil price is in recovery mode and we are seeing a lot of strategic interest in these barrels .
“ FAR absolutely believes that it has pre-emptive rights and that FAR 's rights have been deliberately denied . ”
They said the arbitration under the International Chamber of Commerce would be final and binding , with no recourse for the participants .
Woodside chief executive Peter Coleman has warned the dispute could hold up a joint development plan which has to be submitted to the Senegal Government in the first half of next year .
“ It 's a snooze-or-lose situation , ” Mr Coleman told investors last week .
“ I find it pretty far-fetched that a small player is going to risk their only asset and not go through that particular gate . ”
They said Woodside had been working with 40 per cent interest holder Cairn Energy on taking over operatorship of the project .
The arbitration had not changed the dynamic of the joint venture , Mr Coleman said .
“ It 's a commercial dispute between FAR and ConocoPhillips , ” they said .
Mr Limb told shareholders : “ The arbitration process holds no fears for FAR and should not cause shareholders any real concern , either .
“ Our current assets and operations are not at risk in the arbitration process . ”
× 18-year-old taking their first drive on motorcycle killed when they crash in Ferndale
FERNDALE , Wash. — An 18-year-old high school student taking their first drive on a motorcycle was killed when they struck a curb , was ejected and hit a light pole Monday , the Washington State Patrol said .
Peter Shulga , a senior at Ferndale High School , was killed on Monument Drive , near Josie Lane , in Ferndale .
Shulga was driving a Honda CBR 600 motorcycle for the first time around 3:30 p.m. , the State Patrol said . In their first 30 minutes of riding , Shulga failed to negotiate a curve , struck a curb , was ejected and hit a light pole . The motorcycle came to rest in a pond .
The State Patrol said the helmet they were wearing was not fitted properly , and may not have been strapped .
The thyroid gland is considered to be one among the largest endocrine glands in the body . The thyroid is a butterfly shaped gland that lies above the collar bone beneath the neck cartilage . The thyroid gland is located below the thyroid cartilage at the laryngeal prominence ( Adam 's apple ) in front of the neck . The gland contains two poles , upper and lower ; two lobes , right and left ; that are joined by the isthmus at the center of the thyroid , which is situated below the cricoid cartilage.The main function of the thyroid gland is to stimulate the rate of metabolism in the body . The parafollicular cells of the thyroid gland secrete a hormone called calcitonin , which combines together with the parathyroid hormone secreted by the parathyroid gland ( located in 2 pairs above the thyroid gland ) , to regulate the calcium homeostasis in the body . Get more information about Hyperthyroid Symptoms
There 's a break in the case of some stolen paintings from OU . Campus police say they have identified the person who took at least some of the artwork .
Our Daewoo Silver Art Company promise to produce outstanding designs using our credibility and honesty as a foundation . Our Daewoo Silver Art Company is the one of the representatives treating companies that specializes in the silverware in Korea . Our Daewoo Silver Art Company will do our best to provide the best products at reasonable prices , complete as , and continue to do our best to please our customers . Our Daewoo Silver Art Company would like to show my appreciation to all customers who have trusted and supported us , and hope that the use of our products and services will continue .
Daewoo Silver Art Company in Korea specialized in manufacturing silverware , brassware like silver art VIP gift , home decoration products , Korean Spoon Set , Frame , Kettle , Hand Mirror , Plate , and Bowl and on . For more details contact ldh7196 @ daewoosilverart.com
Policy and Manufacturing Process
Pricing formula of silver/gold products
Offered price shall be fixed subject to daily KITCO silver/gold price of the end day of prior month from shipping .
General payment term
50 % of total amount to be paid by cash with order and remaining 50 % on the date of shipping .
Normal Delivery term
Shipment will be made within 45 days of Firm Order .
General Instructions :
The above Marketing Policy may be reviewed from time to time considering the market conditions .
For further details , please contact our corporate office and Service center .
Silverware Products are
Hammered Silver Spoon
• Weight ( g ) : 120Â±5
• Size : 230Ã—40
• Quality : Silver 80 , 925 , 99
• Use : Kitchenware
• Process : Forging
Kumboo Dish
• Name-Kumboo Dish
• Weight ( g ) -250Â±10
• Size-170
• Quality-Silver
• Use-Kitchenware
• Process-Forging
Enamel Flower Spoon ( man )
• Weight ( g ) : 120Â±5
• Size : 230Ã—40
• Quality : Silver 80 , 925 , 99
• Use : Kitchenware
• Process : Forging
Enamel Sheep Baby Spoon
• Weight ( g ) : 145Â±5
• Size : 170Ã—40
• Quality : Silver 80 , 925 , 99
• Use : Kitchenware
• Process : Forging
Kumboo Silver Ice Bucket
• Name -Kumboo Silver Ice Bucket
• Weight ( g ) -1580Â±10
• Size-150Ã—130
• Quality-Silver
• Use-Kitchenware
• Process-Forging
Brass Spoon
• Name- Brass Spoon
• Weight ( g ) -120Â±5
• Size-165Ã—35
• Quality Silver- Bronze
• Use-Kitchenware
• Process-Forging
Are you looking for hammered silver spoon manufacturer ? Daewoo , the leading silver art company in South Korea specialized in manufacturing hammered silver spoon set . Shop with us to save your money !
1:29
AMBER , Blue and Silver Alerts : What you need to know
3:47
Video : Arlington mom films arrests of their two teenage sons
3:13
Sorry to be the bearer of bad news , but there is nothing about 2016 that was n't inevitable . Nothing that had n't been brewing for years .
Whether you 're looking at Brexit , Trump or ‘ untimely ' celebrity deaths . 2016 is the year things caught up with us – it became a melting pot for events we had arguably been dodging
It may not be a fashionable opinion but as “ Changes ” by Bowie came on to my iPhone this morning and I remembered that night at New Slang in Kingston in January with friends where we belted out their lyrics thinking how tragic their early death was I began to think . 2016 was an annus horribilis for sure . But was it one that could have been avoided ?
Like many , I was continually plagued by shock and disbelief as the year unravelled . However it was only with less than 24 hours to go that I realised this has been partly due to my circumstance and , frankly , living in leafy South West London .
Over Christmas , as we , like many , lamented the deaths of George Michael and Carrie Fisher , mum piped up – this is n't a curse of 2016 . These people took a lot of drugs . Drank a lot of alcohol . They did what we are told not to every day . This fed their artistic brilliance . But it also meant they were susceptible to human weakness . Of course their deaths were sad and tragic but could this be used as an education piece for young people ? These lifestyles the media glamourises and encourages had real consequences . One lasting legacy of this year would be to make people think about these actions and how we all live .
Equally the year closed in professional circles many people started to talk about President-elect Trump . One person I spoke with posed the question – was Trump Obama 's legacy ? Was it the pace of change too fast and coupled with the disappointment that they could n't deliver all the change they pledged ? Was it the Democrats ' inability to find another leader as they had spent so much time trying to secure a positive legacy for the man who was once the poster boy of hope ? Or did they simply deliver the wrong form of change ? None of this can be answered right away , but all of these things add up to one – an inevitable victory for the right .
And then we have Brexit . Let 's be honest about it , the reason people had always been so hesitant to call a referendum was one reason and one alone – it was clear that a referendum would mean we would be out .
Years of demonising the EU , of consecutive governments blaming the institution when it could n't deliver on pledges , had led to a nation that was intrinsically eurosceptic . Even the biggest of europhiles know how far from perfect the institution is . Equally , years of not allowing a proper and open debate about immigration took its toll .
There was a dangerous combination of those who truly disliked the EU , those who wanted to further their career , and people feeling like this was a way to get their voice heard – whether it was that the EU needed reforming , that they were left behind and wanted to shock the establishment or that they just did n't want immigrants in the country . It came to symbolise the only way to get the sort of change people felt they had been deprived of by the liberal elite .
Instead of hanging our heads it should be a wake-up call – we should be putting more time into awareness of the side effects of these lifestyles the media has glorified for so many years . policymakers should be leaving Westminster . Going out to Clacton , Sunderland , Havant , Cornwall , not to pay lip service and take a photo but to spend time understanding , not berating , those who voted for change .
Perhaps by doing this , in 70 years we can prevent a rerun of 2016 – but history teaches us that people do n't learn and that this wo n't just be one year that will shock the establishment – we wo n't wake up tomorrow and things will be better . If anything as so many times before , they probably need to get worse first .
By The Associated Press
Your daily look at late-breaking news , upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about today :
1 . INVESTIGATIONS INTO RUSSIA TO CONTINUE AFTER FLYNN 'S EXIT
Democrats contend an independent investigation is the best way to answer questions about the Trump administration 's ties to Russia , a notion rebuffed by the GOP .
2 . WASHINGTON MULLS DRAMATIC SHIFT IN POLICY AS NETANYAHU GOES TO White House
The Trump administration suggests peace between the Israelis and Palestinians may not come in the form of a two-state solution — how this might actually be possible is not made clear .
3 . ARREST MADE AFTER KIM 'S HALF BROTHER KILLED
News of the apparent assassination of the North Korean leader 's sibling ripples across Asia and Malaysian police say they have arrested a Vietnamese woman in connection with Kim Jong Nam 's death .
4 . WHAT 'S IN STORE FOR MATTIS IN BRUSSELS
NATO defense ministers hold two days of talks focused on military spending , terrorism and relations with Russia .
5 . INSPECTION REPORT REVEALED CRACKS TO CALIFORNIA DAM
An expert says the cracks on the Oroville Dam spillway surface could let water tear through the concrete if not properly repaired .
6 . STUDY : MOST DRIVERS , NOT JUST YOUNG , ARE TAKING RISKS
Well over half of drivers in every age group have texted behind the wheel , run a red light or driven faster than the speed limit in the last 30 days , the AAA Foundation says .
7 . BOEING VOTE TELLS NEXT CHAPTER IN SOUTHERN UNIONIZATION
If successful , the balloting would send a message to politicians that workers in South Carolina are demanding the same protections and benefits as their colleagues in other areas .
8 . PRODUCE AISLES IN SWEDEN GOING HIGH-TECH
Laser beams create tattoo-like patterns — in this case the product 's name , country of origin and code number — ostensibly replacing labels and plastic packaging .
9. WHO THREE-PEATED AS SWIMSUIT QUEEN
Kate Upton again graces the cover of Sports Illustrated 's annual issue , becoming only the fourth woman to do it three times .
10 . CALL THIS COMEBACK A ‘ RUMOR '
Rumor is crowned America 's top dog when , a year after a near miss on the very same green carpet , the German shepherd came out of retirement to win best in show at Westminster .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — U.S. stocks bounced back from recent losses Monday after the Chinese government said that country 's economy grew at a slightly faster pace in the first quarter . Banks jumped as interest rates recovered .
After losses in three of the last four weeks , stocks had their best day in more than a month . The largest gains went to industries that would benefit the most from faster global economic growth .
Among banks , the leaders included M & T Bank , which became the latest financial company to report strong first-quarter results . Technology companies were led by chipmaker Nvidia and Google parent company Alphabet , while online retail giant Amazon and streaming video company Netflix also made large gains .
“ It was good news to see a positive number coming out of the world 's second-largest economy , ” said Quincy Krosby , market strategist at Prudential Financial . “ It was the strongest GDP reading in six quarters , and much of it was based on their infrastructure spending and also the housing market . ”
Advertisement
The Standard & Poor 's 500 index climbed 20.06 points , or 0.9 percent , to 2,349.01 . The Dow Jones industrial average rose 183.67 points , or 0.9 percent , to 20,636.92 . The Nasdaq composite jumped 51.64 points , or 0.9 percent , to 5,856.79 . The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks soared 15.94 points , or 1.2 percent , to 1,361.18 .
China 's recovering economy grew another 6.9 percent in the first quarter . In 2016 it grew at its slowest pace in almost 30 years , and the government spent more money on construction of infrastructure such as roads and bridges in response . Relatively cheap credit also boosted property sales .
Medical device maker Alere surged after it accepted a modified buyout offer from Abbott Laboratories . Abbott agreed to buy Alere for $ 56 per share , or $ 5.8 billion , more than a year ago . But it filed a lawsuit to end the deal after Alere recalled a key product , delayed filing a financial statement , and faced a Justice Department investigation into its business outside the U.S .
Under the new agreement Abbott will pay $ 51 a share , or about $ 5.3 billion , and Alere climbed $ 6.74 , or 15.9 percent , to $ 49.05 . It had traded as low as $ 31.47 last July , as investors worried the deal would fall apart after news of the investigation broke . Abbott rose 64 cents , or 1.5 percent , to $ 43.31 .
Arconic jumped after the company said Chairman and CEO Klaus Kleinfeld agreed to step down after the board of directors discovered that they sent a letter to Arconic 's largest shareholder , activist investment firm Elliott Management , without telling the board . Arconic said that was “ poor judgment. ” It did n't say what Kleinfeld wrote in the letter .
Arconic makes aluminum , titanium and nickel parts for planes , cars and electronics . It was spun off from aluminum company Alcoa last year . Elliott has been pushing the company to replace Kleinfeld . The stock gained 79 cents , or 3.1 percent , to $ 26.69 .
Bond prices slipped . The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.25 percent from 2.24 percent . Banks are the worst-performing part of the market recently thanks to sharp declines in bond yields and interest rates .
Wireless spectrum license company Straight Path Communications climbed after it said it might get a new buyout offer . A week ago it agreed to be bought by AT & T for about $ 1.25 billion . Straight Path said it was contacted by another company Thursday . Straight Path stock rose $ 19.86 , or 21.7 percent , to $ 111.56 . Investors are now valuing the company at $ 1.39 billion .
Eli Lilly and Incyte stumbled after the Food and Drug Administration refused to approve Olumiant , a pill for the immune disorder rheumatoid arthritis . The companies may have to run more studies of the drug , which could further delay its approval and force them to spend more .
Lilly has high hopes for Olumiant because it 's a pill while most other new rheumatoid arthritis drugs are injections . Lilly lost $ 3.50 , or 4.1 percent , to $ 82.38 and Incyte sank $ 14.77 , or 10.5 percent , to $ 126.07 .
Pretzel , nuts and salty snack maker Snyder's-Lance tumbled $ 6.16 , or 15.4 percent , to $ 33.76 after it gave a weak first-quarter forecast that included more spending on marketing and lower profit margins and then slashed its forecast for the year .
Netflix climbed 3 percent to $ 147.25 Monday , but slumped 1.5 percent in aftermarket trading as it did n't gain as many subscribers in the first quarter as investors hoped . Its profit guidance also fell short of analyst estimates .
Benchmark U.S. crude lost 53 cents , or 1 percent , to $ 52.65 a barrel in New York . Brent crude , used to price international oils , fell 53 cents to $ 55.36 per barrel in London . Energy companies lagged the rest of the market .
Wholesale gasoline slipped 2 cents to $ 1.72 a gallon . Heating oil fell 2 cents to $ 1.63 a gallon . Natural gas decreased 6 cents , or 2 percent , to $ 3.16 per 1,000 cubic feet .
Gold rose $ 3.40 to $ 1,291.90 an ounce . Silver remained at $ 18.51 an ounce . Copper picked up 3 cents to $ 2.60 a pound .
The dollar fell to 108.59 yen from 109.16 yen . The euro rose to $ 1.0642 from $ 1.0612 .
Markets in Hong Kong , France , Germany and Britain were all closed for the Easter holiday . In Japan the Nikkei 225 index gained 0.1 percent and South Korea 's Kospi added 0.5 percent .
___
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http : //twitter.com/MarleyJayAP Their work can be found at http : //bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay
The Pittsburgh Steelers Twitter account captured an interesting bit of video on Sunday . If you watch below you will see kicker Chris Boswell practicing kicks from the corner of the end zone intended ( we assume ) to hit the goal post . This round they were successful .
If we assume their goal was n't to wrap the football around the goal post and through , congratulations to him . Kickers are an interesting lot , to be honest . But no complaints as Boswell has developed into one of the most consistent kickers in the league .
Back to the video . I 'm not sure what the utility of this kind of work is , but I 'm sure they have a goal in mind . But maybe instead of target practice with corner kicks , they could get a few reps in with this .
Even after all these months , the video of that failed rabona onside kick try makes me cringe . Watch with caution .
1:53 The Pastor at Babe 's Chicken Dinner House Pause
0:52 Remains found in shallow grave identified as missing college student Zuzu Verk
1:10 The Wall That Heals comes to the Stockyards
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says they voted Republican
1:47 This is Topgolf
2:21 Pickup crashed through store wall
2:18 Bucking horse dies after running into wall at Fort Worth rodeo
0:53 Rainy Valentine 's Day morning in DFW
1:24 Fort Worth From Above - beautiful drone footage of the city of Fort Worth
NEW YORK ( AP ) — A pipe bomb that was strapped to a man went off in the New York City subway near the Times Square area of Manhattan on Monday , injuring the suspect and another person on the platform at the height of the morning rush hour , law enforcement officials said .
The person on the platform was being treated for non-life-threatening injuries .
Another person on the platform sustained non-life-threatening injuries
The officials spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident .
Advertisement
The explosion , which happened around 7:30 a.m. , triggered a massive emergency response by New York police and fire both above and below ground , tangling subway and bus service at the nearby Port Authority bus terminal .
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders has tweeted that President Trump has been briefed on the explosion .
Video from above the “ Crossroads of the World ” showed lines of police and emergency vehicles , their lights flashing , lining the streets and no other vehicle traffic moving .
Everything around the Port Authority in the 42nd Street area was shut down — a surreal scene of still at what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour .
New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority were diverting to other locations following the explosion .
NJ Transit says buses are taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken . From there , they can take trains or PATH into the city .
Trains , PATH , light rail and ferries are honoring bus tickets into New York .
Current Market Scenario of Bonded Abrasives Market : -
Commenting on this report , an analyst from Market Research Future ( MRFR ) 's team said , “ Global Bonded Abrasives market size is expected to grow at USD ~18.1 billion by 2022 . The market witnessed a significant growth over the forecasted period owing to growing applications such as precision grinding , cutting , rough grinding , fabrication , polishing , and others across various industries .
Bonded abrasives can be segmented on the basis of end user industry into the following categories including automobile , shipbuilding , construction , general metalworking , and others . On the basis of application bonded abrasives segmented in to precision grinding , cutting , rough grinding , fabrication , polishing , and others .
Bonded abrasives , such as those in grinding wheels , are made up of grains that are held together by a fixative material can be used to cut-off and to grind on different hand-held machines , petrol saws , straight grinder , and angle & vertical grinder . Each product is designed to give a speed of cutting requirements , specific finish , and stock removal .
Bonded abrasives have found numerous application such as precision grinding , cutting , rough grinding , fabrication , polishing , and others . Increasing demand for automotive industry is likely to drive the bonded abrasives market growth . The growing automobile industry in Asia-Pacific has boosted the global bonded abrasives market over the forecasted period .
The global bonded abrasives market is immensely driven by the rising demand and growth of various industrial manufacturing and automotive sector . Industrial manufacturing and processing sector has witnessed profound growth , specifically in the Asia Pacific region .
Key Players Analysis for Bonded Abrasives Market : Saint-Gobain Abrasives ( US )
3M Manufacturing company ( US )
Buffalo Abrasives Inc ( US )
Abrasivos Manhattan SA ( Spain )
Marrose Abrasives ( U.K )
Grinding Techniques ( Pty ) Ltd ( South Africa )
SAK Abrasives Limited ( India )
sia Abrasives Industries AG ( Switzerland )
Flexovit ( U.S )
Carborundum Universal Limited ( India )
Get Sample Report Copy of this Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2642
The report for Global Bonded Abrasives Market of Market Research Future comprises of extensive primary research along with the detailed analysis of qualitative as well as quantitative aspects by various industry experts , key opinion leaders to gain the deeper insight of the market and industry performance . The report gives the clear picture of current market scenario which includes historical and projected market size in terms of value and volume , technological advancement , macro economical and governing factors in the market .
Regional Overview :
On the basis of geography , the global bonded abrasives market is segmented into Europe , Asia Pacific , North America , Europe , Middle East and Africa . Increasing market of metals such as steels and other due to urbanization countries including China , India , Japan , and South Korea , APAC region accounted for the maximum share in the bonded abrasives market , additionally in all of these China led the global bonded abrasives market . Industrial applications such as cutting , grinding of tools as plumbing tools , and other tools is expected to drive the bonded abrasives market in China , Japan and South Korea countries .
Segmentation :
The global bonded abrasives market is majorly segmented on the basis of types , application , end users and region . Based on types of bonded abrasives market is segmented into depressed center wheels , cup-shaped wheels , recessed or relieved , wheels , tapered body wheel . Based on application of bonded abrasives the market is segmented into precision grinding , cutting , rough grinding , fabrication , polishing , and others . Based on end user the market segmented into automobile , shipbuilding , construction , general metalworking , and others .
Study Objectives of Bonded Abrasives Market :
To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next 7 years of the various segments and sub-segments of the global bonded abrasives market
To understand the supply and demand dynamics including supply and consumption concentration mapping
To provide region level market analysis and future outlook for North America , Europe , Asia , and Rest of the World ( ROW ) and their countries
To provide competitor positioning of the market
To provide company profiling of major players in the market along with their production and capacity
Geographic Analysis
The report covers brief analysis of geographical region such as :
North America
US
Canada
Europe
Germany
France
Italy
Netherlands
U.K .
Rest of Europe
APAC
China
India
Japan
Rest of Asia-Pacific
RoW
South America
Middle East
Africa
Get Complete Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/bonded-abrasives-market-2642
FILE - In this June 13 , 2017 file photo , the parents of this 7-week old red wolf pup keep an eye on their offspring at the Museum of Life and Science in Durham , N.C. Federal wildlife officials say the only wild population of endangered red wolves is unsustainable and could be wiped out within years . The prediction comes in a five-year review of the status of the species released Tuesday , April 24 , 2018 , by the U.S . Fish and Wildlife Service . The report says only about 40 wolves remain in the wild in North Carolina , down from a peak of about 120 a decade ago . Another 230 wolves live in captivity . ( AP Photo/Gerry Broome , File
FILE - In this June 13 , 2017 file photo , the parents of this 7-week old red wolf pup keep an eye on their offspring at the Museum of Life and Science in Durham , N.C. Federal wildlife officials say the only wild population of endangered red wolves is unsustainable and could be wiped out within years . The prediction comes in a five-year review of the status of the species released Tuesday , April 24 , 2018 , by the U.S . Fish and Wildlife Service . The report says only about 40 wolves remain in the wild in North Carolina , down from a peak of about 120 a decade ago . Another 230 wolves live in captivity . ( AP Photo/Gerry Broome , File
RALEIGH , N.C. ( AP ) - Federal wildlife officials say the only wild population of endangered red wolves is unsustainable and could be wiped out within years .
The prediction comes in a five-year review of the status of the species released Tuesday by the U.S . Fish and Wildlife Service . The report says only about 40 wolves remain in the wild in North Carolina , down from a peak of nearly 120 a decade ago . Another 230 wolves live in captivity .
The main purpose of the report was to evaluate the wolves ' endangered status , which it says should be maintained . More detailed recommendations for conservation efforts will come in a separate document .
Environmentalists contend the decline is due to neglect by federal officials who have halted releases of captive-born wolves and other actions that bolstered the wild population .
The US President Donald Trump has been briefed on the incident that took place at a bus terminal in Manhattan near Times Square . The investigation is underway .
The New York Police Department has confirmed that one person was taken into custody after an explosion hit central Manhattan , with no injured except the attacker himself .
However , the New York Fire department has reported of at least four people injured as a result of the blast .
According to MSNBC , citing former NYPD Commissioner Bill Bratton , preliminary information suggests the suspect is in their 20s , possibly from Bangladesh , living in the US for sevean years , `` who supposedly was setting the device off in the name of Daesh '' .
A minor NYC media has reported the suspect is a 27 year old man from Brooklyn , east Flatbush area with investigators reportedly heading to their home for a probe .
However , this information has not yet been confirmed by any official sources .
A NYPD official has revealed to NBC that the investigation of the blast was lead by the FBI Joint Terrorism Task Force .
UPDATE : the suspect is man from Brooklyn , east Flatbush area , Investigators are on the way to their home , for further investigations — New York City Alerts ( @ NYCityAlerts ) 11 декабря 2017 г .
​According to the White House , the US President has been briefed on the incident and New York City Mayor Bill De Blasio has also been informed of the explosion .
The Mayor has been briefed on the incident in Midtown . The NYPD , FDNY and first responders are on the scene . — NYC Mayor 's Office ( @ NYCMayorsOffice ) 11 декабря 2017 г .
Meanwhile , CNN has reported that police have found 1-2 explosive devices at the scene and are still searching for additional bombs at the site
The explosion reportedly hit a bus terminal in Manhattan near Times Square .
The NYPD is responding to reports of an explosion of unknown origin at 42nd Street and 8th Ave , # Manhattan . The A , C and E line are being evacuated at this time . Info is preliminary , more when available . pic.twitter.com/7vpNT97iLC — NYPD NEWS ( @ NYPDnews ) 11 декабря 2017 г .
While an evacuation is currently underway , photos appearing from the site suggest that there is possible stampede .
# breaking : NYPD responding to reports of an explosion around 42nd Street and 8th Ave , # Manhattan . The A , C and E line are being evacuated at this time . pic.twitter.com/Yh0gA7aeuG — Preston Phillips ( @ PrestonTVNews ) 11 декабря 2017 г .
According to eyewitnesses , subway lines are also being evacuated .
The emergency services and law enforcement forces are working at the site , according to photos from social media .
Heavy emergency service response to reports of an explosion in Manhattan , New York . pic.twitter.com/8BaXMaGz1F — Jack Dawkins ( @ NewJackDawkins ) 11 декабря 2017 г .
The NYPD asks people to avoid the area of the blast , informing that buses bypassing Port Authority and Times Square Stations .
Keith Doucette , THE CANADIAN PRESS
HALIFAX -- Private and non-profit child care operators in Nova Scotia say it remains to be seen how their sector will ultimately be affected by the ongoing rollout of universal pre-primary for four-year-olds across the province .
However , representatives told the legislature 's human resources committee Tuesday , the big issue remains access to enough trained early childhood educators .
Nova Scotia has 2,700 registered early childhood educators ( ECEs ) with about 1,700 employed in regulated child care .
`` Despite the reported numbers of ECEs available to practice in the province , the regulated early learning and care sector has experienced and continues to experience significant challenges in recruiting and retaining staff , impacting quality across programs , '' said Pam Streeter , of the Private Licensed Administrators Association , a group of for-profit day cares .
A key Liberal campaign promise during the May 2017 election , pre-primary was launched last September in 54 classes in 45 schools . In March , Education Minister Zach Churchill announced an additional 130 new classes are slated to open in 84 schools next fall .
Critics have questioned how fast the government proceeded with its plan , contending the sector will be hurt by the loss of children and qualified staff .
Lisa Davies , of the Non-Profit Directors Association , said the quick rollout has had negative effects , although there has n't yet been the overwhelming loss of staff predicted .
`` Action creates change , speedy change often creates fear , '' Davies told the committee .
`` I believe the speed with which this happened probably is the underlying fear for a lot of the issues that have been raised around the pre-primary program and its impacts on the child care sector . ''
Education Department officials said 110 early childhood educators were hired to meet initial requirements , and an additional 700 will be needed by the time pre-primary is fully implemented in 2020 .
`` All of these new classrooms require ECEs . That is pulling those folks away from us -- again not a new problem , but adding on to it , '' Davies later told reporters .
Streeter pointed out that pre-primary has only been introduced in under-serviced and rural areas , and the real test will come when it 's fully implemented in larger urban centres .
`` There are n't regulated care centres necessarily there ( in rural areas ) to impact , '' they said . `` So it will be in this next year and the year after that we will see the real impact on regulated care . ''
Vicki Elliott-Lopez , executive director of Regulated Child Care and Licensing for the province , told the committee that universal pre-primary is providing more options for child care professionals and will act as a recruiting tool that will benefit the entire sector .
Elliott-Lopez said the effects are already being felt , with enrolment for training programs `` maxed out '' at the Nova Scotia Community College for the upcoming school year .
Still , they said work has to be done to bring back workers who are trained and currently are n't employed , and to recruit professionals who will be needed to fill the positions created by the expansion of pre-primary .
Elliott-Lopez said the department is working on an `` aggressive marketing campaign '' in addition to a long-term retention strategy .
`` We are working to try to build the quality of the workforce , '' they said .
Meanwhile , officials said the province is continuing work to help child care centres transition to accommodating children younger than four years of age .
Last week the province announced $ 2.7 million in funding to assist 51 child care centres in converting 570 spaces to support families with infants and toddlers and after school care .
The money , part of a $ 35-million funding agreement with Ottawa , will create 144 new spaces for infants , 346 spaces for toddlers and 80 spaces for pre-primary care .
The daughter of Choi Soon-Sil , the woman at the centre of a corruption scandal that led to the impeachment of South Korea 's President , has been arrested in Denmark after months in hiding , Seoul prosecutors said Monday .
Chung Yoo-Ra , the 20-year-old daughter of the woman dubbed South Korea 's “ Rasputin ” , is one of the figures in the influence-peddling scandal that sparked massive street protests demanding the removal of President Park Geun-Hye .
Danish police arrested Chung Sunday night for overstaying their visa , Korean prosecutors said , adding they were in talks with Danish authorities to have them deported to Seoul .
Choi , a secret confidante of Park , is accused of using their ties with the president to force top firms including Samsung to “ donate ” nearly $ 70 million to non-profit foundations Choi then used as their personal ATMs .
They are also accused of using their influence to secure their daughter 's admission to an elite Seoul university , with a state probe revealing the school had admitted Chung at the expense of other candidates with better qualifications .
The revelation touched a raw nerve in education-obsessed South Korea and prosecutors sought to question Chung over their admission to Ewha Women 's University in 2014 .
Park stands accused of colluding with Choi to extract money from the firms and also of letting them meddle in state affairs including nominations of top officials , but the president denies all charges against them
Parliament voted on December 9 to impeach Park over the scandal and their executive powers have been handed to an acting president , Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-Ahn .
The impeachment case is being considered by the Constitutional Court — which has up to six months to reach a ruling — but hundreds of thousands of South Koreans have joined weekly protests calling for Park 's immediate departure from office .
If the impeachment is confirmed , a presidential election will have to be held within 60 days .
Choi , daughter of a controversial religious figure who was close to Park until their death in 1994 , is awaiting trial on charges including coercion and abuse of power .
Several professors at Ewha Women 's University , including a former school president , have been investigated for giving Chung preferential treatment .
One professor was arrested over the weekend for allegedly giving Chung a good grade for a class they never attended and forcing their teaching assistants to forge exam records for them
Top Samsung managers were also investigated as part of the scandal , following accusations the firm indirectly bankrolled Chung 's equestrian training in Germany in a bid to curry policy favour .
Event Details
Who : Teachers and Teaching assistants looking for an Online degree in Middle East
What : Webinar , live streaming sessions , on the M.Ed degree distance learning offered by the University of Dundee
Where : Online
When : 17 July 2018
6:30 PM – 7:30 PM
Join us to find out more about the programme at the Information Webinar with :
Ms. Marie Beresford-Dey ,
MEd Programme Convenor & Lecturer in Education ,
University of Dundee .
Alternatively , speak to a consultant directly about the M.Edprogramme with exit routes at a PGCert Level as well as specialisations at the PGDip level . The experts at Stafford can assist you with the admissions process as well as the registration process .
The webinar helps prospective candidates learn more about the Master 's programmes offered through the University of Dundee for practising teachers as well as those looking to get back into the teaching field after taking a break . Utilising the latest internet technology the webinar is conducted online and you can join us from the comfort of your own home or office .
The webinar will cover topics such as
• The structure of the programme
• How to complete it without leaving your work or family
• How you pay for it
• The various modules
• Learning outcomes
•
Do not miss this opportunity . It WILL change your life and set you on the right path to your career progression and future .
All you need is 45 minutes , a computer or a smartphone and ideally , a headset
Media Contact : info @ staffordglobal.org / marketing @ staffordglobal.org
Register for the event here :
11:30
Two views of Jacqueline Craig 's arrest : See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side
The fourth round of negotiations to redo the North American Free Trade Agreement take place next week in Washington . Jim Mulhern , CEO of the National Milk Producers Federation , says negotiators are planning to put forth proposals on dairy policy and other market access issues U.S. farmers have getting their product into Canada .
Milk Business Dot Com says the Milk Producers Federation is pushing very hard for improving the U.S.-Canada relationship when it comes to dairy , but at the same time is working hard to maintain the current dairy relationship between the U.S. and Mexico . Mulhern says dairy policy has typically been left out of NAFTA negotiations and the result is a relationship between the U.S. and Canada that has been more and more frustrating when it comes to dairy policy . “ Canada maintains very high tariffs , ” they say , “ which means that you really ca n't get any dairy products into the country .
What really put them over the top is the national ingredients strategy Canada implemented this past spring. ” Getting rid of the Class 7 designation , which is a big part of the disagreement between the countries , wo n't be enough . “ This is a free trade agreement , ” Mulhern added . “ If you 're going to have a free trade agreement , there must be trade . We need a more normalized integrated market , like the one we have in Mexico . ”
11:30
Two views of Jacqueline Craig 's arrest : See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side
Former interior minister Rehman Malik has come down hard on Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) , demanding action against the author of a book published by the outlawed militant organization .
TTP has claimed responsibility for the December 2007 assassination of former premier Benazir Bhutto in the book .
Moreover , Pakistan People 's Party ( PPP ) leader , in their letter addressed to Interior Minister Ahsan Iqbal , has also demanded that a request be made to Afghan President Ashraf Ghani to deport Ikramullah—a surviving suicide bomber—and Abu Mansoor Asim Mufti Noor Wali , who is the author of ‘ Inqilab Meshud South Waziristan : From British Raj to American Imperialism ' .
The PPP Senator on Friday , while addressing a press conference at their residence in which they unveiled the letter , said : “ Interrogation will further unearth the facts of the conspiracy behind assassination of Benazir Bhutto , ” adding , “ Interpol be also requested to issue Red Notices against Ikramullah and Wali , enabling Pakistan to request for deportation of these two TTP leaders . ”
Malik said the author is a senior leader in the TTP group based in Afghanistan , and their claims have corroborated the investigation carried out by a joint investigation team ( JIT ) of the Federal Investigation Agency ( FIA ) that the TTP former chief Baitullah Mahsud ordered Bhutto 's assassination .
“ It is for the first time that the Taliban have officially confessed to murdering Benazir Bhutto . As the book has made leading claims , therefore , it is necessary that investigation into the BB 's case be revisited , ” they added . “ According to the earlier investigations , one of the two suicide bombers provided by Baitullah was identified as Bilal who blew themselves at Liaquat Bagh resulting in Shahadat of BB . ”
They also revealed that “ Ikramullah , the second suicide bomber , escaped from the scene and their current whereabouts have recently been reported in Afghanistan ; they are presently in the area of Paktia , which falls under the control of Afghanistan . ”
About the first attempt on Bhutto in Karachi , the writer has claimed that “ prior to the return of Benazir Bhutto for elections of 2008 , Baitullah Mehsud had already planned action against them as they were coming back to carry out plans against ‘ Mujahideen-e-Islam ' as per desire of America .
“ In order to frustrate the US plan , two suicide bombers namely Mohsin Mehsud and Rehmatullah Mehsud carried out suicide attacks on Benazir Bhutto at Karsaz , Karachi , in October 2007 , which resulted in the killing of approximately 200 people but BB escaped the attack , ” the PPP leader quoted the book .
The attack remained unsuccessful as the bombers deviated from the instructions , they added , and also demanding that the surviving suicide bombers and the TTP author must be investigated by Pakistani authorities and agencies on urgent basis for further investigation .
Two brothers were charged Monday in the murder of a 16-year-old Randle boy whose body was found in a shallow grave last week .
Scroll for more content ...
Jonathon Adamson , 21 , and Benito Marquez , 16 , were charged in Lewis County Superior Court with first-degree murder , first-degree rape , tampering with physical evidence and unlawful disposal of remains in the death of Benjamin Eastman . Prosecutors decided to charge Marquez as an adult . The judge ordered them held on $ 10 million bail .
According to charging documents from the Lewis County prosecutor 's office :
Cell records show the brothers lured Eastman into the woods for a camping trip in the early morning hours of June 24 , but they planned to assault him .
Adamson allegedly told detectives that once they were in the woods , they proceeded to get Eastman on the ground and assault them for 20-45 minutes . Adamson said they estimated they kicked Eastman more than 100 times , and a pathologist agreed with those numbers and said the boy died of blunt-force trauma .
Adamson also allegedly told detectives they sexually assaulted Eastman with a stick while they were alive .
The brothers then allegedly hit Eastman repeatedly in the head with a rock to make sure they were dead , then buried them and burned their clothes , their clothes and the shovel they used to dig the grave . They began to worry the burial site would be discovered , so they soon dug them back up and buried them in another place , this time marking the grave with a cross made out of sticks .
“ We definitely did n't agree to have a video made that would promote a pet store , ” Shepherd said . “ That goes against what our mission is . And I do n't know if they meant to not tell us who they were or where the donation came from . ”
Qantas has no plans to alter its flight schedule to Exmouth , despite mounting evidence planes have been filling up all year , resulting in higher prices and limited travel options for residents and tourists .
The Shire of Exmouth and Exmouth Chamber of Commerce and Industry has been lobbying the national carrier to boost capacity , with chamber president Barry Sullivan stating evidence suggested current services were above 80 per cent capacity .
Shire president Matthew Niikkula said long-term commitment to increased flight capacity would support investment and jobs growth in Exmouth .
“ Qantas and Tourism Australia are using the Ningaloo Reef experience to support the campaign to attract visitors to Australia , ” they said .
“ Providing additional ongoing seating capacity to Exmouth will make sure people can access that experience they are being promised .
“ The first step is to have a commitment to additional flights , and to date that has not happened outside ad hoc , short-term measures such as one-off increases during the coming school holidays . ”
Mr Niikkula said bigger planes , additional flights or provision of an Exmouth to Broome link would be beneficial .
QANTAS has slashed airfares from Perth to Broome in a bid to get more people heading to WA 's north instead of Bali . The West Australian Video QANTAS has slashed airfares from Perth to Broome in a bid to get more people heading to WA 's north instead of Bali .
Qantas refused to confirm the capacity of flights to and from Exmouth , claiming the average amount of people on a plane was commercially sensitive information .
“ We currently have no plans to change our schedule for flights to Learmonth , however we are always reviewing our network to ensure that we have the right aircraft on the right route to match demand , ” a spokesperson said .
North West Central MLA Vince Catania said the State Government needed to push airlines to be more honest with the public .
“ The Government should be demanding Qantas puts on extra flights as a requirement of their licence , ” they said .
“ Airlines look at load factor and how they can maximise profits to benefit them , rather than looking at capacity for the community .
“ This is not just about reducing airfares , it is about the company being open and transparent on how they come up with their ticket price . ”
Mr Catania said Exmouth fares should be capped at $ 150 .
Posted by admin on January 2 , 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment .
Hackers stole payment data from taprooms and in-store restaurants at some Whole Foods Markets . Now the company has rolled out an online tool to help consumers find out which stores in their area may have been affected . Eric Gay The Associated Press file
New Year 's Walk
Many Westporters and others headed to Compo Beach today for a New Year 's Day walk . ( CLICK TO ENLARGE ) J.C. Martin for WestportNow.com
Have you noticed that a lot of the stuff we read , hear , or see is n't very inspiring ? The problem is that the news focuses on the worst in society and in the world . Gossip focuses on people 's flaws and ‘ dirty laundry ' . Movies are often based on horrible people , or horrible things . ‘ Reality TV ' focuses on the worst in people too going for as much drama as possible . I love watching Survivor ( which just ended last week for the 36th season I think ) , I like it for the games and the physical challenges , but over the years , they have focused less and less on the challenges , and more and more on the drama and the backstabbing . I was pretty happy this year that three strong players made it to the final , with less drama than I have seen . But even at home here , people complain about the weather all the time ( and yes , that WAS a brutal winter ) , about politics , about gas prices , about taxes and a whole host of things .
Do you ever wonder what that sort of negative energy does to all of us ? Negative gets more negative , and attitude creates your day . If you constantly fill yourself with negative news , negative TV , and listen to negative people , or have a social media feed filled with complaints and negativity , you could end up being a poop magnet .
What if you blew that up , and changed a few things ? What if you worked on filling your head with some inspirational stuff ? Try it for a week and I will bet that you will feel and see a difference in your energy , your attitude , your outlook on life and every single thing around you . Do n't believe me ? Then try it . I officially dare you to .
Start here : Instead of watching TV that focuses on murder and crime and drama and gossip , watch ‘ America 's Got Talent ' , ‘ Extreme Home Makeover ' or ‘ The Dog Whisperer ' . These are shows that focus on what people CAN do to make a positive change . There are many others too ! Netflix has a bunch of amazing documentaries on amazing people that overcame great odds to succeed .
You can also watch video clips on YouTube . Search for Paul Potts or Susan Boyle and watch the first time they were featured on Britain 's Got Talent . The sheer magic of a regular , normal , unassuming person that has the guts to try a talent show and is discovered as truly unique and amazing . It 's enough to make your eyes get a little wet .
Try this : Every day , open up YouTube and spend just five minutes looking up the following words : Inspirational , and then try Motivational . Search for ‘ Nick Vujicic ' and have your day changed in five minutes . YouTube is pretty cool , because it keeps on showing you more links similar to the last one you just saw .
Another way is by watching positive Movies based on true stories . They can be powerful and amazing too . For example : Rudy , Remember the Titans , Coach Carter , We are Marshall , Blind Side , Pursuit of Happyness , Million Dollar Baby , Rocky , Invictus , and so many more . Why are so many based on sports ? There is a reason for that , and there is a reason why watching sports can be a positive thing too . Sports can focus on the BEST of human beings . What are we capable of ? What can we do if we put our hearts into it ? What happens when we set out to try something hard that requires dedication , sacrifice and hard work . Who we become is literally astounding !
Here 's another trick that I have been working on for the past 12 years : Keep a journal of your successes . Each night , before bed , write down five things that were successes . If five is easy , go for 10 . Some days , the successes may flow easily , and some days it might be as simple as ‘ brushed my teeth ' , and that 's just fine . I 've had days where I got up from my bed , went out and did some dishes , or moved my shoes into the rack , just so I could reach five successes . Here 's the thing : You are building evidence . Evidence of how great you really are , because I am here to tell you that life ( and our own negative self talk ) is overflowing with junk that we really need to tune out .
I 'm not saying that we need to pretend the bad stuff is n't out there , it certainly is , and sometimes we need to deal with it , especially if it is local and affects you directly . All I am saying is , that we really could do with some more positive energy . A steady diet of all the stuff wrong with the world is a toxic daily poison .
It 's one of the things I love about working in a gym . I am surrounded all the time by people that are making a positive difference in their lives . They are creating success , creating a positive life and making themselves better . It is one of the most powerful things about a gym , our private Faceboook groups , and our amazing staff like our Personal Trainers , Group Fitness teachers and classes : a gathering of people dedicated to bringing out the BEST in each other .
Is n't it time you discovered how awesome you are ?
Happy Training !
Scott McDermott is a personal trainer and the owner of Best Body Fitness in Sylvan Lake .
We are a company offering assistance with possession claims through the County Court . Our services are available exclusively to landlords who have properties situated in England and Wales . With the constant changes in legislation surrounding tenancies , it is becoming more and more difficult to avoid the pitfalls which will ultimately result in the failure of your claim , our claims handlers can guide you through all the phases of the eviction process , giving your claim the best chance of success . Take advantage of our free initial telephone consultation , tell us your situation and discuss the best way forward for your particular case . section 8
HOCHFILZEN , Austria ( AP ) — Laura Dahlmeier won the women 's individual competition Wednesday for their third gold medal and fourth overall at the biathlon world championships .
In a series that started last year in Oslo , Dahlmeier has won a medal in nine straight world championship races , matching the all-time record set by retired Norwegian great Tora Berger .
The overall World Cup leader from Germany finished the 15-kilometer race in 41 minutes , 30.1 seconds to beat sprint world champion Gabriela Koukalova of the Czech Republic by 24.7 seconds . Both Dahlmeier and Koukalova missed one target in their first shooting stage but shot cleanly afterward .
“ My looseness is the secret , ” said Dahlmeier , who has already won the pursuit and mixed team titles , and finished runner-up to Koukalova in the sprint . “ I did n't let myself get distracted from missing that target . The race is n't over until you finish . ”
Dahlmeier became the fourth German world champion in the discipline but first since Kati Wilhelm eight years ago .
Contrary to most pre-race favorites , Koukalova had picked an early start number and led the race for a long time .
“ In the finish I hoped my time was good enough to beat Laura , ” said Koukalova , who was third in Sunday 's pursuit . “ It 's better than excellent to have a third medal . It 's amazing . ”
Alexia Runggaldier of Italy hit all 20 targets and finished 1:45.6 behind to win bronze .
Defending world champion Marie Dorin Habert of France missed four targets in total and finished nearly five minutes behind in 40th . Three-time Olympic champion Darya Domracheva , who returned last month from a nearly two-year layoff , started well but the Belarussian lost their medal hopes when they missed twice in their final prone shooting before finishing 13th .
The world championships continue with the men 's 20K individual competition Thursday .
RICHMOND , Va. ( AP ) - Virginia 's governor is set to sign legislation in coming days expanding Medicaid after the state 's Republican-controlled General Assembly ignored warnings from the White House against expanding the health care program for the poor .
The state Senate voted Wednesday in favor of a state budget that expands Medicaid . The House , which had had previously endorsed expansion , gave its final approval shortly afterward . Several Republicans in both chambers joined with Democrats to approve the measure .
Ironically , Republican lawmakers said it was the Trump administration 's embrace of work requirements for low-income people on Medicaid that help get the measured passed after years of partisan battle .
Expanding Medicaid was a key provision of then-President Barack Obama 's health care overhaul , which President Donald Trump has vigorously sought to negate . White House officials , including budget director Mick Mulvaney , have urged Virginia lawmakers this year not to expand Medicaid . Trump 's recent budget proposal calls for repealing Medicaid expansion and Mulvaney said the administration is `` committed to addressing the unsustainable growth '' of the program .
But Virginia GOP Speaker Kick Cox said the Trump administration 's openness to conservative reforms , including work requirements , `` was probably the biggest key '' in getting Republican support for Medicaid expansion this year .
And a failure by the GOP-led Congress to repeal and replace the health law helped spur several of Virginia 's Republican state legislators to flip positions .
`` There 's always talk of repealing Obamacare , that did not happen , '' Cox said .
Democratic Gov . Ralph Northam is expected to sign the measure , and the roughly 400,000 newly eligible low-income Virginias will begin enrolling in Medicaid at the start of next year .
Senate passage came by a 23-17 vote with four Republicans joining Democrats for passage . The House quickly followed about an hour later with a lopsided 67-31 final endorsement .
Wednesday 's voting marked the end of a more than four-year battle over whether Virginia should expand the publicly funded health care program for the poor . A fight over Medicaid expansion led to a standoff over the state budget in 2014 and again this year .
Virginia Democrats have argued the state should not pass up the roughly $ 2 billion in extra federal funding the program would bring to the state . Republicans had previously been near unified in blocking past expansion efforts , saying the long-term costs were unsustainable .
Those arguments were again replayed in the final hours before Virginia 's partisan battle was finally ended .
Sen. Ben Chafin , a Republican lawmaker from Virginia 's economically depressed southwest coal country , announced their support for expansion on the Senate floor . They said their rural area needed expansion to help bolster its hospitals and provide care for constituents in need .
`` I came to the conclusion that no just was n't the answer anymore , '' Chafin said .
But several Republican senators remained strongly opposed , saying Medicaid costs would eventually overwhelm the rest of the state 's budget needs for schools and public safety .
`` It is a ticking time bomb , '' said GOP Sen. Bill Stanley .
Democrats campaigned heavily on expanding Medicaid last year and some House Republicans were eager to take the issue off the table before next year 's election , when both House and Senate seats are up .
Virginia saw its state legislature reshaped by an anti-Trump wave as Democrats made unexpectedly large gains in the state House .
A tally from the Kaiser Family Foundation shows Virginia will become the 33rd state to approve Medicaid expansion .
ISLAMABAD ( AP ) - Pakistani police on Tuesday arrested the father and the uncle suspected in an `` honor '' killing of a 25-year-old Italian citizen , a woman of Pakistani origin who refused to marry the man they chose for them
The two men were charged with the killing of Sana Cheema in the neighborhood of Mangowal in the city of Gujrat in eastern Punjab province , police official Intisar Hussain said , adding that the police were still searching for the woman 's brother .
`` He is also suspected of playing a role in their murder , '' Hussain said .
Nearly 1,000 women are killed every year in Pakistan in so-called `` honor killings , '' cases in which members of their families or relatives kill them for violating conservative norms on love , marriage and public behavior .
The Italian Foreign Ministry said it was following the case through its embassy in Islamabad , which was gathering information from Pakistani authorities to define the circumstances of the case and offer any assistance that might be necessary .
Pakistani police say Cheema died on April 18 under mysterious circumstances . Them body is expected to be exhumed on Wednesday morning to determine the cause of death .
Cheema 's case came to light after their friends shared posts on social media about their death , eventually prompting police to arrest their family members .
The death was reported earlier this week by a local Italian newspaper , Giornale di Brescia , amid conflicting reports that attributed their killing to refusing an arranged marriage or a sudden illness 10 days earlier .
Members of the Pakistani community in Brescia , Italy , rallied this weekend there , demanding the truth about their death .
Cheema graduated from high school in Brescia , receiving Italian citizenship last September . They opened an agency that handled paperwork for driver 's licenses but it closed a while later . They returned to Pakistan in November , the news agency ANSA reported .
Hussain also said Cheema was twice taken to hospital by their family earlier this month , and that the police are trying to get details from the doctors about their hospital stays .
According to Italian media , they were in love with a man from Brescia who like them was a second-generation immigrant with Italian citizenship .
If confirmed , their case will be the second recently publicized honor killing in Punjab where the father and the ex-husband of a British-Pakistani woman , Samia Shahid , were charged in 2016 over their rape and murder .
The trial in Shahid 's case is still underway but their father died last year , leaving only their ex-husband in the docks now .
___
Associated Press writer Colleen Barry contributed to this story from Milan , Italy .
DECATUR , Ga. ( AP ) — All lanes of a major highway in metro Atlanta have reopened after a carpool lane of Interstate 20 buckled and broke apart .
Georgia Department of Transportation spokesperson Natalie Dale says the lanes heading westbound reopened Tuesday morning , several miles southeast of downtown Atlanta . They say the buckled stretch of the interstate should be fixed by midday .
The I-20 buckling Monday proved to be another headache for Atlanta area motorists already struggling with the collapse of an overpass on a key north-south route March 30 .
DeKalb County Police spokesperson Shiera Campbell says concrete was being pumped under the highway when a rupture forced the material upward .
A man riding a motorcycle in the carpool lane hit the rising pavement at high speed and was sent airborne . They were hospitalized with multiple broken bones .
Islamic State ( IS ) has claimed the responsibility for a gun attack on an Istanbul nightclub which killed 39 people on Sunday , the group said in a statement on Monday .
“ In continuation of the blessed operations that Islamic State is conducting against the protector of the cross , Turkey , a heroic soldier of the caliphate struck one of the most famous nightclubs where the Christians celebrate their apostate holiday , ” the statement said .
OAKLAND , Calif. — Veterans Mike Callahan and Ken Mauer , along with first-timer David Guthrie , are among the 12 referees who have been selected to work the NBA Finals .
The league announced the group Wednesday .
Callahan has worked 19 games in the Finals and Mauer has worked 18 . This will be the 15th Finals appearance for Callahan and the 13th for Mauer .
Other referees who will be on the floor during the Golden State-Cleveland series that starts Thursday are Tony Brothers , James Capers , Marc Davis , Scott Foster , John Goble , Ed Malloy , Jason Phillips , Derrick Stafford and Zach Zarba .
DETROIT ( WWJ ) – Free speech or just too much ?
An eye-popping billboard is turning heads along McNichols just east of I-75 on Detroit 's east side and causing a bit of controversy .
It features an advertisement for a website called squirt.org along with the caption “ Too hot for the app store , ” and two men embracing each other . The website lets registered users search their local area for locations to hookup with other “ gay or bi men. ” Members can also review the locations , which include public gym locker rooms and shopping mall bathrooms , with star ratings .
A controversial billboard on McNichols , just east of I 75 , advertising for male hook ups . @ WWJ950 @ FOX2Detroit pic.twitter.com/CjQ09xlQx1 — Charlie Langton ( @ charlielangton ) October 6 , 2017
Roland Robertson said they were stunned a billboard advertising male hookups would be allowed .
“ It should be ( taken down ) , ” they said . “ The way society is going now , you know , they 're putting everything out there . ”
Mark Kohli , of Royal Oak , said the billboard is not appropriate for the neighborhood .
“ Actually , there are a few churches around here and a few schools . This sends bad messages to the people , man , you know , like young kids right now and the way the times are , they need more help than ever . And images like this is not a good direction setter , you know ? ”
Others , like Joe Lombard , say this is simply just free speech .
“ I mean , I 'm not necessarily for it , ” they said . “ But do I care for it ? No . Do I want to see it ? Not necessarily . But freedom of speech , they can do what they want . ”
Another person who did not go on tape said the ad is no different than those for lingerie stores that feature scantily clad women .
Harvested pumpkins lie in rows in a field near Romsey in Hampshire on October 3 , 2017 . Andrew Matthews PA Wire/PA Images
Machine learning software from OpenAI has beaten one of the world 's best players at the video game Dota 2 . Elon Musk , who co-founded OpenAI , says that it is the `` first ever … defeat [ of the ] world 's best players in competitive e-sports . '' The Verge reports… Read more
Machine learning software from OpenAI has beaten one of the world 's best players at the video game Dota 2 . Elon Musk , who co-founded OpenAI , says that it is the `` first ever … defeat [ of the ] world 's best players in competitive e-sports . '' The Verge reports that Danylo Ishutin , the human player who got beaten , found the AI `` a little like [ a ] human , but a little like something else '' to play against .
OpenAI 's software mastered the game , which requires players to defend a base from their opponents , by playing a copy of itself . “ We did n't hard-code in any strategy , we did n't have it learn from human experts , just from the very beginning , it just keeps playing against a copy of itself , ” explains OpenAI researcher Jakub Pachoki in a video . “ It starts from complete randomness and then it makes very small improvements , and eventually it 's just pro level . ”
It 's an impressive feat , not least because Dota 2 requires making decisions based on imperfect information , unlike games such as Go or chess . But it 's not all good news . Some players have reported that they beat the algorithm after studying its play , and at any rate the AI can only play one-on-one , which is far simpler than regular five-on-five battles that require extensive collaboration . According to TechCrunch , OpenAI says that the five-player game is on its list of problems to crack .
George Michael 's long-time boyfriend Fadi Fawaz 's tweeted to allegedly claim that “ All the Wham ! singer wanted to do was die . ”
Talking about the evening before they found George dead , Fadi said they had slept in their car after spending a weekend at George 's place.Fadi said that they never saw him . fall asleep in their car and they never saw them that night .
The asupervisorstioned tweets stated that the singer tried to kill themselves many times earlier and had finally managed to do so . However , Fadi denied saying their account had been hacked and closed .
“ I am shocked with what 's going on with the Twitter thing . My Twitter account has been hacked and closed , ” said Fadi
“ It 's a bit scary , to be honest . I did not send those tweets . I woke up at 11.30am to the news . I am not going to worry about these things , ” they said .
FILE- In this Nov. 5 , 2017 , file photo , former president George H.W . Bush arrives for an NFL football game between the Houston Texans and the Indianapolis Colts in Houston . A spokesperson for the former president says the 93-year-old has been hospitalized for low blood pressure and fatigue . Spokesman Jim McGrath tweeted just after 2 p.m. Sunday , May 27 , 2018 , that Bush will likely remain in the hospital for a few days . ( AP Photo/David J. Phillip , File )
FILE- In this Nov. 5 , 2017 , file photo , former president George H.W . Bush arrives for an NFL football game between the Houston Texans and the Indianapolis Colts in Houston . A spokesperson for the former president says the 93-year-old has been hospitalized for low blood pressure and fatigue . Spokesman Jim McGrath tweeted just after 2 p.m. Sunday , May 27 , 2018 , that Bush will likely remain in the hospital for a few days . ( AP Photo/David J. Phillip , File )
KENNEBUNKPORT , Maine ( AP ) - A spokesperson says former President George H.W . Bush is in `` good spirits '' at a Maine hospital but will need several more days of treatment .
The 93-year-old was taken to a hospital on Sunday when they experienced low blood pressure and fatigue hours after attending a pancake breakfast at the American Legion post in Kennebunkport .
Their spokesperson said in a tweet Wednesday that Bush is talkative and in good spirits but that the treatments to address their blood pressure `` are expected to take several more days . ''
The nation 's 41st president arrived in Maine on May 20 after being treated for a blood infection . He 's without their wife of 73 years , Barbara Bush , who died in April in Houston .
SAN DIEGO — Three people were injured in a fire at a Mid-City home Saturday .
Firefighters responded to the home in the 5400 block of Grape Street at about 2 p.m. , according to the San Diego Fire-Rescue Department .
Two adults and one child were taken to a hospital for smoke inhalation .
Crews worked to keep the fire from spreading to the home 's attic , and it was knocked down by about 2:30 .
The fire caused an estimated $ 175,000 in damage to the house and its content .
Residential fire at 5400 Grape St. at about 2 pm today . Two adults and 1 child taken to the hospital for smoke inhalation . Crews prevented spread of fire to nearby homes . Investigators looking into the cause . # teamwork # firefighters pic.twitter.com/8etPBW44Cg — SDFD ( @ SDFD ) February 3 , 2018
Uh-Oh !
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information .
If you used an Optimum login , click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account .
If you used a Newsday login , it looks like it 's not connected to an active subscriber account . To verify your subscription information , click the Connect Account button .
Otherwise , click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account .
Missouri Attorney General Josh Hawley called Steve Bannon after a report Bannon wanted to defeat them in a Senate primary . The Republican establishment pick to take on Democratic Sen. Claire McCaskill quietly reached out to former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon last week — the latest step taken by concerned Republicans to counter Bannon 's threats to wreak havoc across the Senate landscape in 2018 .
Two Republican sources said Attorney General Josh Hawley , a soft-spoken 37-year-old with an Ivy League pedigree who is expected to officially announce a run soon , called Bannon late last week , after The New York Times reported the Breitbart leader was targeting Hawley for defeat in Missouri 's GOP Senate primary . Republicans , who saw their last chance to defeat McCaskill slip away after they nominated gaffe-prone then-Rep. Todd Akin , fear Bannon 's interference could cause a similar outcome in 2018 .
On the call , Hawley reminded Bannon of their mutual friends , including the Mercer megadonor family , which bankrolls much of Bannon 's political work . Hawley met with Robert Mercer last fall when they were running for attorney general , one Republican close to Hawley said . Hawley also mentioned Club for Growth President David McIntosh and conservative legal expert Leonard Leo , who advises President Donald Trump on judicial nominations .
LJUBLJANA , Slovenia — Slovenia coach Srecko Katanec says they will step down from their job after the team 's World Cup qualifier against Scotland on Sunday .
Slovenia , which lost to England 1-0 on Thursday , still has a slim chance of reaching a playoff spot in Group F if it beats Scotland and Slovakia loses at home against Malta .
The 54-year-old Katanec became Slovenia coach in December 2012 . They earlier coached Slovenia from 1998-2002 , taking the team to the 2000 European Championship and the 2002 World Cup .
Lÿ ? ? : ? ? ? : ? ?
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015 Pause
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
2:09 Your rights when confronted by immigration enforcement officials
1:41 SC pension overhaul makes progress as bill moves forward
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook 's old lake front house
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview : 3 storylines for 2017
1:23 Undocumented USC student worries about deportation before graduation
1:50 Highlights and postgame comments from Irmo 's win over Dutch Fork
1:08 President Trump nominates Neil Gorsuch for SCOTUS justice
HIGHLIGHTS Allow four goals in third in the worst game under Weight
Must bounce back Thursday night against Rangers
TORONTO — The Islanders ' first real stinker with Doug Weight behind the bench prompted a candid assessment from the interim coach .
“ As much as it 's one loss , that was a humbling loss , ” Weight said Tuesday night after a 7-1 thumping from the Leafs .
Weight has tried not to mince words as to what the Islanders faced when they took over Jan. 17 . The team sat at 17-17-8 , last in the Eastern Conference and seemingly with an insurmountable hill to climb .
In their 8-2-2 run under Weight heading into Tuesday night , the Isles put themselves back into the playoff picture . A win would have vaulted them into the final playoff spot in the East , however temporarily .
Instead , Leafs goaltender Frederik Andersen was sharp in making 27 saves through two periods . The Islanders , frustrated by Andersen and two posts in going down 3-1 after two , folded in the third against the youthful , energetic Leafs .
“ We had our chances and we did n't capitalize on them , ” said John Tavares , held off the scoresheet for only the fifth time in 14 visits to their hometown . “ It was n't our sharpest game , there 's no question we did n't play great , but I thought maybe the four ( games ) in six nights caught up to us at the end . ”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
In fairness to the Islanders , they were not fortunate in the first 40 minutes . Adam Pelech 's tough pass for Alan Quine went right to Josh Leivo , who beat Thomas Greiss at 11:36 of the first to open the scoring . Nazem Kadri tipped home a shot from a crowded net front with 28 seconds left in the first to drop the Isles behind by two , and it ballooned to 3-0 when William Nylander drove the net and had a rebound bank off their shin pad and in .
Jason Chimera brought the Isles back to 3-1 on a penalty shot at 16:55 of the second , and the Islanders came close to pulling to 3-2 on a power play soon after .
“ I thought we were going to come back and win the game after that , we had momentum on our side , ” Chimera said . “ It did n't happen . ”
What happened was Auston Matthews scored twice , with the second at 11:51 of the third sending Greiss to the bench for J-F Berube . The six-goal margin marked the Isles ' worst loss of the season and at the worst possible time , with a chance to occupy a playoff position heading into a game against the Rangers at Barclays Center Thursday night .
Instead , they must wipe the memory banks clean and reset .
“ We were ready to go , excited , there were some fun implications if we won this game , ” Anders Lee said . “ You let four , five , six in , it gets pretty demoralizing . ”
Weight also sees a team that 's 7-12-4 on the road as one that is n't going to stay in the playoff chase much longer with poor performances away from Brooklyn . The Isles have 18 of their final 27 on the road ; after hosting the Devils Sunday , they will play nine straight on the road .
Weight also wo n't shy away from demanding a better performance tomorrow .
“ We have a great opportunity Thursday and we should probably play it like a playoff game , '' they said . “ A little harder , a little grittier , a little more determined . ”
More Videos
1:20 Nervous about jogging after the attacks in Tarrant County ? Keep these safety tips in mind
1:26 Hyperloop One promises travel in a tube at jet speeds . So how do they do it ?
2:13 Grapevine PD releases new parking lot video to help ID Target man accused of lewd comments
2:06 Grand Prairie wins first place award for parks and recreation programs , beats Arlington
0:47 Need party planning ideas ? Watch the Fort Worth Zoo 's baby ape celebrate their first birthday
0:42 Arlington police need help identifying this man accused of using stolen credit cards
1:21 Where should you go for a drink in the area ? These five places lead Tarrant County in alcohol sales
3:25 Gun store owner explains `` bump stock '' device after `` frustrating '' Vegas shooting
0:39 Hyperloop travel at jet plane-like speeds of 600 mph
0:31 Tarrant County 's 10 Most Wanted Criminals , October 4
0:31 Arlington Police 's 10 Most Wanted Criminals , October 5
THE MORE JOSH van der Flier rises inexorably to the top of their game , the more eyebrows they raise when they offer up reminders as to how much experience still awaits him .
With Sean O'Brien injured , the Wicklow man was a relatively straightforward choice to squeeze into the number seven jersey for today 's Six Nations opener against France ( kick-off 4.45pm Irish time , TV3 ) . Of course , he 'll point to the intense competition from Dan Leavy and Jordi Murphy , but Van der Flier had all the form and credentials to earn this start . Everything , except that irreplaceable , indefinable virtue of experience .
“ I 've never even been to Paris , ” says the 24-year-old , brimming with infectious enthusiasm , “ so everything is new . I 'm really excited . The French have broken my heart a few times when I was younger – same as any Ireland supporter . ”
Their stint on the stands long behind him , as an active participant Van der Flier made some strides to move on from their teenage heartbreak . In helping push Leinster to a sixth Champions Cup pool win from six and a first win in France since 2014 in Montpellier last month , they also ticked an important box off their to-do list .
Source : Dan Sheridan/INPHO
“ That was my first professional win in France . I played in Castres when we drew , played Toulon once there ( lost ) and played Montpellier there and we lost there as well . So I have drawn once and won once there .
“ The crowd is completely different to a crowd here . Much louder , I do n't know if hostile is the right word , but they are a bit more intimidating than what I would be used to . But it 's really enjoyable , it 's a great place to play . ”
The smiling Leinster man hints at a possibility of sightseeing while in the City of Lights , Ireland 's team hotel is within spitting distance of Arc de Triomphe , but even a stroll on Paris streets quickly falls way down the list of priorities behind rest , recovery and presumably a little homework on the laptop for the relentlessly diligent Van der Flier .
Pages of their notebook will doubtless feature the threat of 19-year-old out-half Mathieu Jalibert . The electric Bordeaux phenom makes their debut in Stade de France . And Van der Flier will make it their business to make sure they meet early and often .
Debut day : Van der Flier gets an encouraging pat from Rhys Ruddock . Source : Dan Sheridan/INPHO
“ Out-halves are normally quite confident , ” says the more bashful flanker , shunning a comparison to the nerves felt on their own Test debut in Twickenham two years ago .
“ They have obviously picked them for a reason . Had a bit of a look at them and they are dangerous , a really good player . They have good feet , he 's a good distributor of the ball . Yes they must be nervous and excited I suppose .
“ You obviously do n't want to give them an easy game . Whether it 's putting pressure on their kicks… the whole team has to do it . It 's not really specific to the back row .
“ But I suppose , traditionally , off the back of a line-out or whatever the back row would be the man to try and put pressure on so I suppose we will be trying to put as much pressure on as we can . ”
Source : Bryan Keane/INPHO
Their astounding New Year 's Day performance against Connacht , complete with that record of 34 tackles , had shades of Thierry Dusautoir for some . But for Van der Flier they have always idolised a different magnificent seven .
Their Amsterdam-born grandfather nudged them towards a love of Ajax and Johan Cruyff , but in rugby their gaze was naturally drawn to another hard-working openside with a sneaky love of the dark arts .
“ I was always a big fan of Richie McCaw , ” Van der Flier offers after an inquiry about their aspirations to lead their pack , “ watching them as a player but also as a leader as well , they were pretty impressive .
“ Maybe he 's more natural at ( leading ) than me , I do n't know , but obviously it 's incredible to get to play with your team-mates but to be a leader among them is pretty special as well .
“ So maybe down the line , yeah , it would be cool to be in a leading position but the most important thing is leading by example . I do n't know if I do that , you 'd have to ask my team-mates , but that 's something I 've kind of worked to , leading that way . ”
On the field , off the field ; van der Flier never stops working . They still have plenty of experience to pick up , but they have earned the right to set their standards next to very best .
- This article was updated at 9.11am to correct the kick-off time of today 's game .
By The Associated Press
NEW YORK ( AP ) — The latest on developments in financial markets ( All times local ) :
4:00 p.m .
Stocks rallied broadly on Wall Street as investors seemed less concerned about tensions between the U.S. and North Korea .
Technology companies and banks made some of the largest gains Monday . The market was bouncing back from its biggest weekly decline since March .
Apple and Microsoft each rose 1.5 percent and Facebook climbed 1.6 percent . Bank of America climbed 2.3 percent and Wells Fargo gained 1.7 percent .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 index rose 24 points , or 1 percent , to 2,465 .
The Dow Jones industrials rose 135 points , or 0.6 percent , to 21,993 . The Nasdaq composite rose 83 points , or 1.3 percent , to 6,340 .
Bond prices fell . The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.22 percent .
___
11:45 a.m .
Stocks are rallying broadly as tensions between the U.S. and North Korea appeared to ease .
Technology companies and banks are making some of the largest gains in midday trading Monday . The market is bouncing back from its biggest weekly decline since March .
Microsoft and Facebook each rose 1.4 percent . Bank of America was up 2.4 percent and JPMorgan Chase rose 1.6 percent .
Signs of anxiety in the market that flared last week were on the wane . Prices for bonds and gold fell .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 rose 25 points , or 1 percent , to 2,466 .
The Dow Jones industrials rose 150 points , or 0.7 percent , to 22,008 . The Nasdaq composite rose 75 points , or 1.2 percent , to 6,332 .
___
9:35 a.m .
Stocks are opening solidly higher on Wall Street as the market comes off its worst week since March .
Gains in technology companies and banks early Monday helped send indexes higher . Apple , Microsoft and Facebook each rose about 1 percent in the first few minutes of trading .
Bank of America was up 1.6 percent and JPMorgan Chase rose 1.1 percent .
Signs of anxiety in the market that flared last week were on the wane . Prices for bonds and gold fell .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 rose 19 points , or 0.8 percent , to 2,460 .
The Dow Jones industrials rose 128 points , or 0.6 percent , to 21,988 . The Nasdaq composite rose 59 points , or 1 percent , to 6,315 .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
ATLANTA ( AP ) — Two Atlanta men have been sentenced for illegally buying and trafficking at least three dozen guns from Georgia to Trinidad and Tobago .
The U.S. attorney 's office in Atlanta says Errol Alfred , known as “ Major , ” was sentenced Thursday to five years in prison . Kerry Fernandez , known as “ Trini , ” was sentenced April 19 to two years and three months .
Both had previously pleaded guilty to charges including conspiring to smuggle firearms out of the U.S .
Prosecutors say between August 2013 and September 2014 , Alfred and Fernandez used straw buyers to buy guns . Alfred then hid the guns in shipping barrels to smuggle them to Trinidad , where they were sold .
A third man , Jordan Dunham , in April got six months in prison for illegally purchasing some of the guns the two men shipped .
Comments
comments
By The Associated Press
TAYLORSVILLE , N.C. ( AP ) — Where do you hide a 1,000-pound chicken ?
That 's what sheriff 's deputies in Alexander County , North Carolina , are trying to figure out as they search for the concrete statue that disappeared from a farm west of Taylorsville over the weekend .
While the chicken may be heavy , it 's only 3 feet tall .
Deputies think the statue was taken some time between 8 p.m. Saturday and 9 a.m. Sunday from the driveway of the farm .
Advertisement
Chief Deputy Tod Jones told the Hickory Daily Record ( http : //bit.ly/2l7Z6BF ) the statue 's base was found several miles away . Jones said the statue is valued at about $ 1,100 .
Alexander County is near Hickory , about 60 miles north of Charlotte .
This photo taken on Friday shows repatriated marble sculptures dating back to 4th-6th centuries on display during a ceremony at Beirut National Museum in the Lebanese capital ( AFP photo )
BEIRUT — Ancient sculptures that were missing for decades after being stolen during Lebanon 's civil war are to go on display in Beirut thanks to a global fight against antiquities smuggling that has been stepped up since wartime looting in Iraq and Syria .
The five marble statues were among a haul of hundreds that Lebanese militiamen took from a storehouse in 1981 , some of which are only now emerging onto the shadowy global arts market and even into the world 's greatest museums .
Three of the five sculptures unveiled at a ceremony in Beirut on Friday were spotted in New York 's Metropolitan Museum — where they were on loan from a private collector — by a curator who identified them using Art Loss , an online register of stolen artefacts .
One of the people instrumental in getting them sent back to Lebanon was Manhattan Assistant District Attorney Matthew Bogdanos , an Iraq war veteran who led the investigation into looting at the national museum in Baghdad during the chaos of the US-led invasion to topple Saddam Hussein .
Outrage at looting there and in Syria , and fear that art trafficking was funding militant groups , has driven countries to work together to stop it , said Bogdanos , who was in Beirut on Friday for a ceremony to unveil the statues .
“ It has resulted in greater attention , greater scrutiny and greater resources , all of which we desperately need in order to fight such an entrenched global network , ” Bogdanos , whose office has recovered thousands of stolen antiquities in recent years , told Reuters at the ceremony at Beirut 's National Museum .
One of the other statues was identified last year by a gallery in Germany , which noticed it on the Art Loss register . The fifth was seized in a container entering Lebanon 's port of Tripoli last month .
Archaeologists excavated all the statues in the 1960s and 1970s in Sidon at the Temple of Eshmoun , a god of healing .
They were carved between the 6th and 4th centuries BC , when Lebanon 's Phoenician civilisation was ruled by the Persian Empire but influenced by Greek art and culture .
One of the statues , a bull 's head , was from the capital of a pillar in the temple . The other statues , of youths and children , included one dedicated to the temple by fond relatives in thanks for the recovery from illness of their child .
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 193 Glen Garden Country Club lives on , thanks to TX Whiskey Pause 90 Aledos Savannah Moody and dad make cut at Texas Women 's Open 46 Tee shots during 2nd round of Texas Women 's Open 56 Colonial loses iconic tree in storm 43 Colonials Tothe discusses lost tree at 18th hole 38 Iconic Colonial tree felled by storm 94 Tree crushes Tanglewood home during storm , family is uninjured 45 Storm dumps heavy rains on Fort Worth 339 Golfboarding : The next big thing ? 16 Jordan Spieth ovation on first tee at 2015 Byron Nelson Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Tony Romo enters the competitive golf world at the U.S. Open Local Qualifying at the Split Rail Links and Golf Club in Aledo . rmallison @ star-telegram.com
Tony Romo enters the competitive golf world at the U.S. Open Local Qualifying at the Split Rail Links and Golf Club in Aledo . rmallison @ star-telegram.com
Good afternoon !
Well here we are again , back in Lancashire for this Sky Bet League Two clashes .
Thankfully - after last month 's problems - this match is on , but the pitch looks very heavy indeed and rain continues to pour .
It 'll be interesting to see who Joe Dunne plays , with a whole raft of injuries and the development side playing list night .
Morecambe , on the other hand , are desperate for the points . Indeed , if they win this , they 're probably safe and will be seven points above Barnet . If not , there 's only four points with two games to go ...
Anyway , as ever , we 'll be here right the way through until about 10.30 , so stay tuned for all the build-up , action and reaction .
As a top network solution provider , Huawei LTE Gateways are an important series of wireless products for home or office networking . Huawei B593 is the world 's first 4G LTE WiFi routers with Ethernet port ( https : //www.4gltemall.com/4g-wireless-router.html ) and the new competitors are continuously presented to the public by Huawei in following years . Huawei E5186 wireless router is one of them . If you want to change the 3G router or ADSL connection to Huawei 4G Gateway , you may ask : what 's the difference between the Huawei B593 and Huawei E5186 ? Which one is better in performance ? In this article , we will review the appearance , interfaces , specs and variant models to provide possible answers for you .
Huawei E5186 VS B593 Router Appearance and Interface
The Huawei 4G Router B593 ( https : //www.4gltemall.com/huawei-b593-4g-lte-cpe-industrial-wireless-router.html ) and E5186 are both the 4G WiFi router with Ethernet ports in traditional router shape . On the front of Huawei B593 LTE CPE , there are some indicators for Power , WLAN , WPS , Telephone , Mode , and Signal . On the Huawei E5186 , it indicates Power , Mode , WiFi , Voice , and Signal . Of course , Huawei logo is with the indicators . On the back , they both have two connectors for an external antenna . The connector type is SMA . They can use the same 4G LTE External Antenna ( https : //www.4gltemall.com/4g-antenna.html ) .
On the back , there is also a line of interfaces , including 4G LAN port ( one for WAN/LAN ) , two telephone port , one USB 2.0 port and power plug port . On the Huawei E5186 , there is a power button to switch on or off the power . Huawei B593 power button is at the side of the SIM card slot . The Huawei E5186 SIM card slot is also at the body side with the WPS and WIFI button . Huawei E5186 uses Micro SIM card while the first generation LTE router B593 uses standard SIM card .
Huawei B593 VS E5186 Specs and variant models
From the specs , we ca n't see much difference between the two Huawei routers . Actually , as the upgraded version of Huawei B593 , Huawei E5186 almost followed the design of Huawei B593 and has just little adjustment . To meet the different LTE frequency bands worldwide , Huawei had assigned many variant models for LTE CPE B593 , such as B593u-12 , B593s-22 , B593s-82 , B593u-91 , B593s-850 , B593s-601 , B593s-516 , B595s-931 etc… Huawei E5186 also has two variant models : E5186s-22a and E5186s-61a . You can check details specs of the variant models on the product page . And below the table shows the details specs of Huawei E5186 and Huawei B593 Router for reference :
Model : Huawei E5186
Product type : LTE WiFi Router
Category : LTE Cat.6
Chipset : HiSilicon LTE Cat6 Chipset
Data rates : DL 300Mbps/UL 50Mbps
Supported 4G LTE frequency bands :
Huawei E5186s-22a : Band 1/3/7/8/20/38
Huawei E5186s-61a : Band 3/7/28/40
WLAN : 802.11a/b/g/n/ac , dual-band 2.4GHz & 5GHz
Max supported users : 64 users
MIMO : 2 x 2 MIMO
Connector for external antenna : Two , SMA-female jacks
Buy Antenna : Huawei E5186 external antenna
App management : Huawei Hilink APP
SIM Size : Micro SIM
Battery : NO
Dimensions : 190 mm × 200 mm × 32 mm
Interfaces :
* 3 x LAN port ( 45 )
* 1 x LAN/WAN port ( 45 )
* 2 x telephone port ( RJ11 )
* Two external LTE antenna ports ( SMA-J1.5 )
* One micro-SIM card slot
* 1 x USB 2.0 port
Datasheet : Huawei E5186 Datasheet ( PDF )
User Manual : Huawei E5186 User Manual
Other features : Firewall , CS Voice , VoIP , TR069 Remote Management , HTTP Online Upgrade , QoS , USB Share , UPnP , IPV6 , DLNA , Fax , Print , VPN
Firmware download : Huawei E5186 firmware
Driver : Huawei E5186 driver
Reviews : Huawei E5186 Review ( https : //www.4gltemall.com/blog/huawei-e5186-lte-cat6-wireless-gateway-review/ )
Price/USD : 259.00USD
———————————-
Model : Huawei B593
Product type : LTE WiFi Router
Category : LTE Cat.3
Chipset : Qualcomm MDM9200
Data rates : DL 100Mbps/UL 50Mbps
Supported 4G LTE frequency bands :
* B593u-12 : Band 1/3/7/8/20
* B593s-22 : Band 1/3/7/8/20
* B593s-82 : Band 38/40
* B593s-601 : Band 3/7/40
* B593s-516 : LTE FDD Band 2/4/5/7/8
WLAN : 802.11b/g/n , dual-band 2.4GHz
Max supported users : 32 users
MIMO : n/a
Connector for external antenna : Two , SMA-female jacks
Buy Antenna : Huawei B593 External Antenna
App management : Huawei Hilink APP
SIM Size : Stand SIM
Battery : NO
Dimensions : 190 mm x 35 mm x 176 mm
Interfaces :
* 3 x LAN port ( 45 )
* 1 x LAN/WAN port ( 45 )
* 2 x telephone port ( RJ11 )
* Two external LTE antenna ports ( SMA-J1.5 )
* One stand SIM card slot
* 1 x USB 2.0 port
Datasheet : LTE CPE B593 Datasheet
User Manual : LTE CPE B593 Manual
Other features : DHCP , Firewall , URL filter , LAN MAC filter , IP Filter , DMZ , Port forwarding
Firmware download : Huawei B593 Firmware
Driver : Huawei B593 Driver
Reviews : Huawei B593 Router Review ( https : //www.4gltemall.com/blog/huawei-b593s-22-4g-lte-router-review/ )
Price/USD : 189.00USD
Huawei E5186 VS B593 Speed Test
If you want to know the real speed performance of the two router , check the Huawei E5186s-22 vs Huawei B593u-12 speed test :
[ embed ] https : //youtu.be/qUHrShcHQvI [ /embed ]
Summary
From the specs table , we can see the Huawei E5186 is more advanced which could support up to 300Mbps download speed thanks to LTE Cat.6 with 2 x 2 MIMO and carrier aggregation technology . The speed is almost three times faster than the speeds of Huawei B593 router . The interfaces features are very similar in the two Huawei LTE Router with Ethernet ports . Huawei E5186 WiFi router could support maximum of up to 64 users , which is the double quantity of that on Huawei B593 router . So if you want to buy a fast 4G router , the Huawei E5186 would be the right one .
The advantage of Huawei B593 router is that it has many variant models for more LTE frequency bands , if you are looking for a router for specific bands , you may find one in LTE B593 variant models . And the Huawei B593 price is much cheaper than the price when it 's first available in the market . And it 's also much cheaper than Huawei E5186 price . If you do n't have enough budgets for Huawei LTE CPE E5186 ( https : //www.4gltemall.com/huawei-e5186-4g-cat6-802-11ac-lte-cpe.html ) , then Huawei B593 would provide 4G speed for your internet access .
Souring from https : //www.4gltemall.com/blog/huawei-e5186-vs-lte-cpe-b593/
Several times during the day and sometimes at night , 77-year-old Jeong-Suk Cha has to put their 48-year-old son Alex in a sling .
She 's a shade under five feet tall , slight , maybe 120 pounds . He 's about 180 pounds and must be moved carefully .
Like countless other Ontario residents — so many a $ 100-million class-action suit has just been launched against the province — Jeong-Suk often has to work alone .
First they glide a lift over top of Alex , places colour-coded straps around their body , and pushes the button that lifts the straps and sling .
They then pushes him : to bed , from bed ; to the toilet , from the toilet ; to a lounge chair , from a lounge chair , to their wheelchair , from their wheelchair .
They spend a lot of their time in their motorized wheelchair , and when they slump a bit too far , their mother has to reach from behind and pull them up . That recently gave them a four-month stint of bruised ribs .
“ I used to say , only age is a number , ” says Jeong Suk , their English slightly broken inside a soft Korean accent .
“ But now , ” they say about their struggles , “ the age is right . ”
Someone has to stay with Alex 24 hours a day , and despite considerable help from their sister Jin Cha , friend Michael Kerr , and personal support workers , the bulk of the work has fallen to the elderly Korean woman .
“ I always talk to them now , ‘ Before I die you have to . . . ' ” Jeong-Suk says but can not finish because their face bows in tears .
Alex Cha , 48 , is lowered to their bed by their mom , Jeong Cha , 78 , and guided by their sister , Jin Cha , at their north London condominium on Tuesday , April 11 , 2017 . ( MIKE HENSEN , The London Free Press )
Alex , who has cerebral palsy and spinal cord damage , is on a wait list for a bed in a residential care facility .
Only in the most superficial ways can it be called a wait list . Or perhaps a wait list in the deepest of ways .
Those who run agencies supporting severely physically disabled adults call it the 50-year wait list . If there are 50 people on the list , chances are you 're waiting 50 years to get the support you need .
Years of frustration over waiting for services has boiled over recently , with calls for change in the Ontario legislature and a week ago , a class-action lawsuit filed by Toronto law firm Koskie Minsky .
The lawsuit seeks $ 100 million in damages for negligence , claiming the Ontario government denies services to developmentally disabled adults through wait lists administered in an “ ad hoc , inconsistent and unreasonable manner . ”
The inconsistency is apparent in the South West Local Health Integration Network that oversees provincial health-care spending in a region stretching from Tobermory to Lake Erie , and Newbury to Stratford .
If you 're a senior or an adult with moderate physical disabilities , you qualify for a personal support worker . Even in this category , there are 296 people in the local LHIN waiting for help .
If you 're between 18 and 21 with medically complex needs , you qualify for one of 12 beds available across the entire region .
If you 're an adult , not a youth or yet a senior , you have even dimmer prospects .
Officials with the South West LHIN acknowledge they do n't have a handle on the number of medically complex or developmentally delayed adults seeking residential care or how many spaces are available .
“ The South West LHIN began working with our partners in 2014 to develop a more comprehensive assisted living model that could support people with more complex medical needs or fragility to live in the community . This type of model is far more intensive and requires 24/7 on-site staff with specialized training , ” Michael Barrett said in a written response to questions .
“ We do not yet have the fulsome monthly reports available to us to give us more detailed information on the number of referrals , client characteristics or wait list data . ”
Last year , Ontario Ombudsman Paul Dube released a report critical of Ontario 's care of developmentally disabled adults including those with cerebral palsy . At the time , there were 9,700 people waiting for residential care across the province .
In the South West LHIN , London 's Participation House has 40 spaces available , and 60 to 90 on the waiting list .
That 's where Alex would like to go .
The brief outline of Alex 's story first came to light three weeks ago when London West New Democrat MPP Peggy Sattler held a news conference at Participation House , then raised the issue in the legislature . Health Minister Dr. Eric Hoskins promised to look into the matter , but acknowledged Ontario 's disabled residents need more help .
At the news conference , Alex 's sister and tireless advocate , Jin Cha , spoke for an allotted two minutes .
They invited The Free Press to take a closer look at the family 's challenges , in an effort to push for the province to provide more housing for adults with complex physical disabilities , like their brother .
“ Alex has a sharp brain but he 's trapped in that body , ” they say in interviews at the condo they share with their mother .
Born with cerebral palsy , Alex was an active person for a long time . But they fell in 2004 while brushing their teeth , and suffered neurological and spinal cord damage .
They spent the summer in Parkwood Institute and after , Jin moved to the family house for a while to help their widowed mother look after him . They put a stair glide , porch lift and grab bars in the home to help .
They also put Alex on a wait list for a bed at Participation House .
Over the next 13 years , Alex suffered more falls , including one in 2015 that put them back in Parkwood and left them with a loose bone pinching on their spinal cord , the loss of almost all mobility , and the threat of one more fall killing him .
The family sold their home , and moved Alex and their mother into a condo apartment .
Jin lives in the same building , with their nephew , whom they persuaded to join in the family round-the-clock care .
“ We do try to focus on the positive , ” Jin says in a visit marked by laughter as well as tears . They often take a break from telling the story to put a hand on their brother , tease them and confirm with them what she 's saying .
The doctors , the personal support workers , the people she 's been hounding at the LHIN are all kind , they say .
But looking after Alex takes a lot of work . Jin is the organizer . They have created a binder with 69 pages of photographs showing each step of their daily exercises . Another binder for personal support workers contains five sections , toileting ( with 64 photographs and instructions ) , extra clothes to show where they are kept , getting them out of bed ( 37 photographs with instructions ) , washing routine ( 23 pages ) and breakfast ( five pages ) .
“ He can not direct their own care . They ca n't verbally tell someone something . ”
A full-time teacher , Jin figures they spend an average of two hours each day organizing personal support worker schedules , doctor 's appointments , regular blood tests and other chores . She 's the one who makes sure they continue to get the assessments to stay on the wait list .
Alex is allowed a personal support worker for 90 hours a month , although Jin has fought hard enough to get that bumped up to 140 until the end of April .
The only time their mother can get out of the house or take a break on weekdays is during a four-hour personal support worker visit . On Sundays , they rush to church and back while the family helps .
The rest of the days , suffering from arthritis herself , Jeong-Suk has to do Alex 's physio and massages , wash their clothes — sometime soiled — make their meals , brush their teeth , turn them so they do n't get bed sores , scratch them when he 's itchy , shower them and on and on .
“ I ca n't get them recharged . They do n't know what that is , ” Jin says .
As their mother ages , Jin has stepped up efforts to get Alex into residential care .
“ We are a private family , but we ca n't keep quiet anymore . We do n't have a voice . ”
They have prepared packages of information for the LHIN and The Free Press , including their discharge documents from Parkwood .
“ Client should receive total assistance for AM and PM routine ( bathing , dressing , grooming , toileting ) and feeding . ”
The alternative offered to men and women like Alex is long-term care , with seniors .
Alex is not a senior . They spend hours online at night communicating with others .
“ He has a sharp brain . Everything works . They tell really bad jokes but they think he 's funny , ” Jin says , turning to smile at them and tap their knee .
When they were told they had to live in a seniors ' home , Alex wanted to talk to the family doctor .
Jin starts to cry when they explain why .
“ What he 's saying is they would rather die than go into a nursing home . It 's a death sentence . It 's like I 'm choosing my mom 's life over his . ”
In the package prepared for the LHIN is a note from Alex , typed out slowly with the index finger of their one good hand , their right , on their computer .
The thought of going to long-term care : “ I rather die if I have to go there . I really need help . ”
But the note contains humour as well .
“ My family members ca n't take care of me because they got to work & to be honest their patience is nothing writing home about sometimes . ”
In a short visit at their home , Alex 's humour often breaks through their damaged body .
It 's a sign of the life inside that their family wants to keep alive .
“ It 's not your fault , ” Jin says after detailing the strain on the family . “ I 'm just trying to be a voice for you . ”
Alex tries to say something . I love you , perhaps .
“ We 'd come and visit you every day , ” Jin promises .
Alex roars in laughter , reacting the same way every adult would at that thought .
“ Oh God , ” they say .
rrichmond @ postmedia.com
Twitter.com/RandyRatLFPress
OWING MILLS , Md . – Every year when Santa comes to town children and their parents line-up to meet the jolly big man – but one Maryland toddler was n't having it .
Kerry Spencer taught their son the sign for “ help ” in sign language – and during their photo with Santa they made the sign .
“ We taught our baby sign language . This is the sign for ‘ help . ' You 're welcome , ” Spencer wrote .
We taught our baby sign language . This is the sign for `` help . '' You 're welcome . pic.twitter.com/i6NkxBf4KP — Kerry Spencer ( @ Swilua ) December 5 , 2017
Spencer tweeted out the hilarious photo on Tuesday and it has since gone viral .
They went on to clear up the specific sign language variant they were taught .
“ In baby sign you go with what they do . We showed them the ASL version and this is what they did , ” they wrote on Twitter .
In baby sign you go with what they do . We showed them the ASL version and this is what they did . — Kerry Spencer ( @ Swilua ) December 6 , 2017
And to all the commenters saying they did it wrong , they were one ! Give the poor guy a break ! 😂 ( This is the actual sign : ) pic.twitter.com/0pgfRmbdk7 — Kerry Spencer ( @ Swilua ) December 8 , 2017
No word on if the little boy was able to let Saint Nick know what they wanted for Christmas before their parents rescued him .
WINFIELD , W.Va. — The Point Pleasant girls finished fifth and the boys placed eighth at the 2017 Dick Dunlap Track and Field Classic held Friday night on the campus of Winfield High School in Putnam County .
The Lady Knights came away with nine top-six efforts — including a pair of event championships — while finishing fifth out of 11 scoring teams with 36 points .
Winfield won the girls competition with 209 points , with Bridgeport ( 102 ) , North Marion ( 68 ) and Roane County ( 38 ) rounding out the top four positions .
Senior Aislyn Hayman posted a pair of titles in throwing events , which included a winning discus toss of 137 feet , 11 inches . Hayman also won the shot put with a heave of 42 feet , 1.5 inches .
Morgan Roush was fourth in the discus with a throw of 96-4 , while Madison Hatfield placed fifth in the 400m dash with a time of 1:03.55 . Teagan Hay was also sixth in the 100m dash with a mark of 13.40 seconds .
The Lady Knights had four relay teams earn top-six finishes at the event , which included a pair of fourth place efforts from the 4x200m ( 1:54.81 ) team and the 4x400m ( 4:29.91 ) squad . The 4x100m team placed fifth ( 54.48 ) and the 4x800m squad ( 11:15.24 ) was sixth overall .
Winfield came away with the boys team championship after posting 161 points . Bridgeport ( 144 ) , Fairmont Senior ( 68 ) , Poca ( 38 ) and Roane County ( 37 ) rounded out the top five positions , while the Black Knights were eighth out of 12 scoring teams with 19 points .
PPHS earned seven top-six finishes at the event , with three of those coming in relays . The 4x100m ( 47.40 ) and 4x200m ( 1:39.26 ) squads both placed fourth , while the 4x400m squad placed fifth with a mark of 4:04.44 .
Jesse Gleason finished fourth in the discus ( 132-3 ) and was sixth in the shot put ( 43-5.5 ) . Wyatt Dean was sixth in the pole vault with a cleared height of eight feet , while Luke Wilson was sixth in the 3200m run with a mark of 10:29.55 .
2017 Dick Dunlap Classic
Boys team scoring
1 . Winfield 161 ; 2 . Bridgeport 144 ; 3 . Fairmont Senior 68 ; 4 . Poca 38 ; 5 . Roane County 37 ; 6 . North Marion 23 ; 7 . Nitro 22 ; 8 . Point Pleasant 19 ; 9 . Hurricane 18 ; 10 . Huntington 14 ; 11 . Scott 6 ; 12 . Tolsia 1
FINAL EVENTS
100 meters — 1 . Trenton Pongsugree ( Win ) 11.26 ; 2 . Eddy ( Brid ) 11.65 ; 3 . Roberts ( Scott ) 11.79 ; 4 . Bratton ( Win ) 11.80 ; 5 . Basham ( Hurr ) 11.82 ; 6 . Walker ( FS ) 11.88
200 — 1 . Maverick Eddy ( Brid ) 23.40 ; 2 . Bratton ( Win ) 23.69 ; 3 . Binegar ( Brid ) 23.94 ; 4 . Vanscoy ( Win ) 24.09 ; 5 . Cato ( Nitro ) 24.24 ; 6 . Basham ( Hurr ) 24.72
400 — 1 . Hayden O'Dell ( Win ) 51.29 ; 2 . Waugh ( Nitro ) 53.10 ; 3 . Kinney ( Brid ) 54.54 ; 4 . Ferguson ( NM ) 54.57 ; 5 . Garrett ( NM ) 54.78 ; 6 . Castro ( Win ) 55.36
800 — 1 . Jimmy Lacaria ( Brid ) 2:03.14 ; 2 . Withrow ( Win ) 2:04.00 ; 3 . O'Dell ( Win ) 2:04.30 ; 4 . Duez ( Brid ) 2:04.57 ; 5 . Waugh ( Nitro ) 2:05.73 ; 6 . Machel ( Win ) 2:07.87
1,600 — 1 . Jimmy Lacaria ( Brid ) 4:27.88 ; 2 . Withrow ( Win ) 4:29.10 ; 3 . Duez ( Brid ) 4:32.07 ; 4 . Middaugh ( Hurr ) 4:40.03 ; 5 . Basham ( Hurr ) 4:40.32 ; 6 . Lumadue ( Win ) 4:46.23
3,200 — 1 . Aaron Withrow ( Win ) 9:39.18 ; 2 . Lumadue ( Win ) 10:21.39 ; 3 . Clemens ( FS ) 10:24.28 ; 4 . Carlson ( FS ) 10:25.58 ; 5 . Burbery ( Hunt ) 10:27.93 ; 6 . Wilson ( PP ) 10:29.55
110 high hurdles — 1 . Conner Rush ( FS ) 16.50 ; 2 . Schubert ( Win ) 16.51 ; 3 . Just ( Poca ) 16.53 ; 4 . Leonard ( FS ) 16.80 ; 5 . Bailey ( Win ) 17.48 ; 6 . Hutchinson ( Win ) 17.98
300 intermediate hurdles — 1 . Joshua Osborn ( Brid ) 43.56 ; 2 . Smith ( FS ) 44.22 ; 3 . Bailey ( Win ) 44.45 ; 4 . Arthur ( Win ) 45.26 ; 5 . Leonard ( FS ) 46.50 ; 6 . Hutchinson ( Win ) 46.82
4×100 relay — 1 . Winfield ( Pongsugree , Vanscoy , Boggess , Bratton ) 44.45 ; 2 . Bridgeport 45.62 ; 3 . Fairmont Senior 47.00 ; 4 . Point Pleasant 47.40 ; 5 . Tolsia 47.97 ; 6 . North Marion 48.32
4×200 — 1 . Winfield ( Pongsugree , Vanscoy , Boggess , Bratton ) 1:34.42 ; 2 . Bridgeport 1:35.97 ; 3 . Fairmont Senior 1:38.07 ; 4 . Point Pleasant 1:39.26 ; 5 . North Marion 1:39.38 ; 6 . Hurricane 1:48.31
4×400 — 1 . Winfield ( O'Dell , Machel , Pongsugree , Boggess ) 3:44.41 ; 2 . Bridgeport 3:51.24 ; 3 . Fairmont Senior 3:51.98 ; 4 . North Marion 3:52.07 ; 5 . Point Pleasant 4:04.44 ; 6 . Poca 4:37.03
4×800 — Bridgeport ( Lacaria , Duez , Marsh , Shaw ) 8:31.29 ; 2 . Hurricane 8:45.36 ; 3 . Winfield 8:48.91 ; 4 . Fairmont Senior 9:01.02 ; 5 . Roane County 9:24.97 ; 6 . North Marion 9:40.46
Shuttle hurdles — 1 . Bridgeport ( Osborn , Oldaker , Shaw , Osborn ) 1:00.78 ; 2 . Roane County 1:00.88 ; 3 . Fairmont Senior 1:03.86 ; 4 . Winfield 1:04.22 ; 5 . Poca 1:04.86 ; 6 . North Marion 1:09.78
Shot put — 1 . Chase Dotson ( Poca ) 55-7 ; 2 . Trent ( Brid ) 50-0 ; 3 . Wright ( Hunt ) 47-10 ; 4 . Hanna ( Hunt ) 45-9 ; 5 . Kennedy ( Win ) 45-2 1/2 ; 6 . Gleason ( PP ) 43-5 1/2
Discus — 1 . Chase Dotson ( Poca ) 151-7 ; 2 . Hartley ( Poca ) 147-7 ; 3 . Trent ( Brid ) 132-10 ; 4 . Gleason ( PP ) 132-3 ; 5 . Allan ( NM ) 127-4 ; 6 . Spradling ( Poca ) 124-5
High jump — 1 . Luke Nichols ( Nitro ) 6-8 ; 2 . McGinnis ( Roane ) 6-0 ; 3 . Funkhouser ( NM ) 5-10 ; 4 . Shaw ( Brid ) 5-8 ; 5 . ( tie ) Davis ( Brid ) , Garrett ( NM ) 5-6
Long jump — 1 . Austin McGinnis ( Roane ) 19-9 ; 2 . Smith ( FS ) 19-6 1/2 ; 3 . Shaw ( Brid ) 19- 3/4 ; 4 . Kincaid ( Win ) 18-11 1/2 ; 5 . Farha ( Win ) 18-10 ; 6 . Boggess ( Win ) 18-6 3/4
Pole vault — 1 . Haden Coon ( Roane ) 13-6 ; 2 . Moore ( Win ) 12-0 ; 3 . Durgin ( Win ) 11-6 ; 4 . Trent ( PP ) 9-6 ; 5 . Canady ( Hunt ) 8-0 ; 6 . Dean ( PP ) 8-0
Girls team scoring
1 . Winfield 209 ; 2 . Bridgeport 102 ; 3 . North Marion 68 ; 4 . Roane County 38 ; 5 . Point Pleasant 36 ; 6 . Woodrow Wilson 28 ; 7 . Hurricane 25 ; 8 . Nitro 20 ; 9 . Scott 14 ; 10 . Fairmont Senior 6 ; 11 . Poca 5 ; 12 . Huntington 0
FINAL EVENTS
100 — 1 . McKenna Smith ( Brid ) 12.09 ; 2 . Hinkle ( Win ) 12.85 ; 3 . Wallace ( Win ) 13.13 ; 4 . Raines ( Roane ) 13.19 ; 5 . Hudson ( Hurr ) 13.25 ; 6 . Hay ( PP ) 13.40
200 — 1 . McKenna Smith ( Brid ) 24.62 ; 2 . Alleyne ( WW ) 26.35 ; 3 . Bady ( Win ) 27.17 ; 4 . Osborne ( NM ) 27.33 ; 5 . Raines ( Roane ) 27.35 ; 6 . Crowder ( Brid ) 27.70
400 — 1 . Mikah Alleyne ( WW ) 1:00.29 ; 2 . Hine ( NM ) 1:01.31 ; 3 . Napier ( Win ) 1:02.77 ; 4 . Eddy ( Brid ) 1:03.17 ; 5 . Hatfield ( PP ) 1:03.55 ; 6 . George ( Brid ) 1:04.96
800 — 1 . Anna Gordon ( Hurr ) 2:24.58 ; 2 . Cole ( Win ) 2:25.46 ; 3 . Robinson ( Win ) 2:28.30 ; 4 . Ray ( Hurr ) 2:29.07 ; 5 . Riley ( Win ) 2:29.09 ; 6 . Muller ( Brid ) 2:29.56
1,600 — 1 . Julia Miller ( Brid ) 5:30.77 ; 2 . Lumadue ( Win ) 5:33.86 ; 3 . Rittinger ( Win ) 5:35.28 ; 4 . Griffith ( WW ) 5:37.42 ; 5 . Campbell ( Brid ) 5:39.30 ; 6 . Imperial ( Hurr ) 5:42.16
3,200 — 1 . Savannah Hoff ( Win ) 12:14.97 ; 2 . Rittinger ( Win ) 12:23.96 ; 3 . Campbell ( Brid ) 12:43.90 ; 4 . Maddow ( NM ) 12:57.58 ; 5 . Muller ( Brid ) 12:59.76 ; 6 . Jividen ( Win ) 13:12.90
100 high hurdles — 1 . Mary Lawman ( Win ) 15.31 ; 2 . Bady ( Win ) 16.42 ; 3 . Gordon ( NM ) 16.66 ; 4 . McKown ( Roane ) 17.29 ; 5 . Miller ( Brid ) 17.77 ; 6 . Smith ( Nitro ) 17.79
300 low hurdles — 1 . McKenna Smith ( Brid ) 45.42 ; 2 . Napier ( Win ) 49.78 ; 3 . Godbey ( Roane ) 50.30 ; 4 . Hoff ( Win ) 50.61 ; 5 . Legros ( Nitro ) 51.01 ; 6 . Walker ( Win ) 51.16
4×100 — 1 . North Marion ( Hine , McIntire , Beaty , Osborne ) 51.99 ; 2 . Winfield 52.27 ; 3 . Bridgeport 53.40 ; 4 . Roane County 53.45 ; 5 . Point Pleasant 54.48 ; 6 . Fairmont Senior 56.66
4×200 — 1 . Winfield ( Wallace , Bady , Napier , Hinkle ) 1:48.55 ; 2 . North Marion 1:50.65 ; 3 . Bridgeport 1:51.43 ; 4 . Point Pleasant 1:54.81 ; 5 . Roane County 1:57.84 ; 6 . Fairmont Senior 2:04.09
4×400 — 1 . Winfield ( Cole , Robinson , Raines , Jordan ) 4:15.43 ; 2 . Bridgeport 4:18.43 ; 3 . North Marion 4:22.38 ; 4 . Point Pleasant 4:29.91 ; 5 . Poca 4:49.37 ; 6 . Woodrow Wilson 4:54.91
4×800 — 1 . Winfield ( Cole , Robinson , Jordan , Frohnapfel ) 9:53.15 ; 2 . Hurricane 10:17.06 ; 3 . North Marion 10:41.78 ; 4 . Bridgeport 10:43.93 ; 5 . Woodrow Wilson 10:51.45 ; 6 . Point Pleasant 11:15.24
Shuttle hurdles — 1 . Winfield ( Bady , Napier , Hoff , Lawman ) 1:06.35 ; 2 . Nitro 1:12.48 ; 3 . Roane County 1:12.65 ; 4 . Fairmont Senior 1:13.23 ; 5 . Bridgeport 1:13.83 ; 6 . Hurricane 1:15.44
Shot put — 1 . Aislyn Hayman ( PP ) 42-1 1/2 ; 2 . Tuttle ( NM ) 35-6 ; 3 . Burns ( Scott ) 35-2 1/2 ; 4 . Gunnell ( Win ) 32-1 ; 5 . Akers ( Win ) 31-4 ; 6 . McCullough ( Brid ) 30-5
Discus — 1 . Aislyn Hayman ( PP ) 137-11 ; 2 . Burns ( Scott ) 111-8 ; 3 . Tuttle ( NM ) 97-6 ; 4 . Roush ( PP ) 96-4 ; 5 . Barrett ( FS ) 95-3 ; 6 . Julian ( Win ) 94-3
High jump — 1 . Carly Hinkle ( Win ) 5-8 ; 2 . Legros ( Nitro ) 5-2 ; 3 . Crowder ( Brid ) 5-0 ; 4 . McCormick ( WW ) 4-10 ; 5 . Gibson ( Brid ) 4-10 ; 6 . Smith ( Nitro ) 4-8
Long jump — 1 . Kalei Jordan ( Win ) 16-2 3/4 ; 2 . Lawman ( Win ) 16-2 1/2 ; 3 . Raines ( Roane ) 16-1 3/4 ; 4 . Pointer ( Poca ) 15-5 3/4 ; 5 . Cavender ( Win ) 15-1 1/2 ; 6 . Meade ( Brid ) 15-0
Pole vault — 1 . Shannon Riley ( Win ) 10-0 ; 2 . Albert ( Win ) 9-0 ; 3 . ( tie ) Berkhouse ( Roane ) , Suter ( Brid ) 8-0 ; 5 . Gordon ( NM ) 8-0 ; 6 . ( tie ) Delgreco ( Brid ) , Lohmann ( Brid ) 8-0
Bryan Walters can be reached at 740-446-2342 , ext . 2101 .
Washington Nationals starting pitcher Max Scherzer throws to a Baltimore Orioles batter during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Baltimore . ( AP Photo/Patrick Semansky )
Washington Nationals starting pitcher Max Scherzer throws to a Baltimore Orioles batter during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday , May 30 , 2018 , in Baltimore . ( AP Photo/Patrick Semansky )
BALTIMORE ( AP ) - In a game that matched Max Scherzer against Baltimore 's anemic offense , the result played out exactly as expected .
Scherzer pitched eight innings of two-hit ball to earn their eighth consecutive victory , and the Washington Nationals beat their neighboring rivals 2-0 Wednesday night to complete a three-game sweep .
Bryce Harper hit their 18th home run for the Nationals , whose 10-game road winning streak is their longest run since the team moved from Montreal in 2005 .
Scherzer ( 9-1 ) struck out 12 , walked one and retired 24 of 27 batters . It was the eighth time this season they reached double figures in strikeouts and the 72nd time in their career .
`` He had a really good fastball tonight . I should say a great fastball , '' manager Dave Martinez said . `` Man , it was 96 , 97 ( mph ) , it was over the plate . And their slider was really , really sharp . ''
The only runner to reach against Scherzer in the first six innings was Chris Davis , who singled in the second . After Manny Machado doubled in the seventh and Mark Trumbo drew a walk , Scherzer fired a third strike past Davis to end the threat .
They completed their standout performance with a perfect eighth .
`` When I can throw all my pitches for strikes , that 's when I can work ahead in the count , '' Scherzer said . `` I had rhythm and the ability to work both sides of the plate . ''
They were way too good for a Baltimore team that ranks 13th in the 15-team AL in batting average and runs . This was the 13th time in their past 15 games that the Orioles failed to score more than three runs .
`` We 've just got to figure out a way for our offense to get some type of consistency because it 's been a challenge for us , '' manager Buck Showalter said .
Sean Doolittle gave up two singles in the ninth , but notched their 13th save .
With no outs and two on , Craig Gentry inexplicably tried to steal third and was tagged out in a rundown .
`` That does n't look good because of the results and the chance we had there , '' Showalter said . `` But we still had two more outs after that . ''
Machado followed with a routine fly ball and the game ended when Jonathan Schoop popped out into a swirling mist .
Harper moved into a tie with Mike Trout for the major league lead in homers when they connected on a 3-2 pitch from rookie David Hess in the third inning for a 1-0 lead .
Making their fourth major league start , Hess ( 2-2 ) proved to be a worthy opponent to the 33-year-old Scherzer . The young right-hander gave up one run and four hits over six innings .
Hess was replaced by Miguel Castro , who yielded an RBI single to 19-year-old Juan Soto in the seventh .
Baltimore has lost five straight .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Nationals : OF Adam Eaton ( ankle ) ran Wednesday and should be ready for a rehab assignment this weekend , Martinez said . ... OF Brian Goodwin ( wrist ) will play another rehab game or two at Double-A Harrisburg , Martinez said . ... Ryan Zimmerman ( oblique ) will run the bases over the next few days before the Nationals determine if he 's ready to go on a rehab assignment .
Orioles : Closer Zach Britton ( Achilles tendon ) launched their rehabilitation assignment by pitching the fifth inning for Class A Frederick against Wilmington , their first game action since Sept. 18 . The lefty allowed an infield single and struck out the side .
BABY BREAK
Orioles infielder Danny Valencia was placed on paternity leave after their wife gave birth to a boy , Oliver , early Wednesday . Reliever Donnie Hart was recalled from Triple-A Norfolk .
VEGAS PROUD
Harper has spent their entire big-league career with Washington , but the Las Vegas native makes no apologies for rooting for the Golden Knights against the Capitals in the Stanley Cup Final . While Martinez conducted their pre-game news conference in a Capitals hat and jersey , Harper 's Golden Knights hat and jersey were in plain sight at their locker . `` Hopefully , I 'll get to go Game 4 in D.C. , '' Harper said .
UP NEXT
Nationals : In a duel in Atlanta for first place in the NL East , Tanner Roark ( 2-4 , 3.17 ERA ) seeks their eighth career win against the Braves ' Sean Newcomb ( 5-1 , 2.75 ERA ) on Thursday night .
Orioles : Andrew Cashner ( 2-6 , 5.07 ) faces the Yankees ' Sonny Gray ( 3-4 , 5.98 ) on Thursday night in the opener of a four-game series between AL East foes .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
TORONTO — WestJet says it is reviewing its baggage policy after a customer complained that it discriminated against travellers from certain countries .
At issue is an airline policy that prevents travellers to Jamaica and Trinidad and Tobago from checking in more than two bags , unless the extra luggage is `` a golf bag containing golf clubs . ''
Jared Walker tweeted about the policy after their 62-year-old mother was prevented from bringing an oversized bag on a trip to Jamaica to attend a funeral .
Walker says the policy is `` absurd '' and shows preferential treatment to tourists , as opposed to travellers returning to their country of origin .
Tyrese Gibson has added fuel to the fire in their ongoing feud with 'Fast and Furious ' co-star Dwayne 'The Rock ' Johnson .
The 38-year-old rapper and actor , alongside fellow co-star Vin Diesel , has long been warring with Dwayne over the popular movie franchise ever since the former wrestler slammed some unnamed 'Fast and Furious ' stars on social media in 2016 .
Now , following the news that production of 'Fast and Furious 9 ' has been delayed until 2020 , but a spin-off movie starring Dwayne and Jason Statham is expected in 2019 , Tyrese has slammed the star for making the franchise `` about '' him .
In a rant posted on Instagram , Tyrese wrote : `` # PSA Congratulations to @ TheRockand your brother in law aka 7 bucks producing partner @ hhgarcia41 for making the fast and the furious franchise about YOU - And like you , DJ even if they call I will not be deleting this post - Gn folks see you in 2020 April # FastFamily right ? Nah ..... it 's about # TeamDewayne ( sic ) ''
And Tyrese also poked fun at Dwayne 's 'Baywatch ' remake , which was a commercial flop .
They continued : `` # 3yrswill it is worth the wait ? # NoShaw just Hobbs will this be another # BayWatch ? Guy guys just relax I 'm just a passionate film critic ( sic ) ''
Vin Diesel , 50 , is also seemingly unhappy with the delayed production , as they also took to Instagram to post a picture of themselves with Tyrese and the late Paul Walker - who died in a single vehicle collision in 2013 - which was simply captioned : `` Brotherhood ... ''
Tyrese then reposted the picture , and seemingly slammed Dwayne , 45 , for `` flying solo '' on the spin-off project , when they believe the franchise stars should stick together .
They wrote : `` # Repost # SwipeLeft - @ VinDiesel - Never confuse determination with desperation ..... What 's understood do n't have to be explained ...... 44 million just got the memo .... Although it appears to be .... I 've never been in this alone ........ # PerceptionVsReality # FastFamily like I said we do n't fly solo . President Obama 's integrity teachings is of a man who makes everyone feel like they MATTER ..... ( sic ) ''
And the rapper did n't stop there , as they even took to Dwayne 's own Instagram account to continue their rant in the comments of one of their posts .
The annual Winter Wonderland holiday show is returning to Clark Botanic Garden in Albertson for four days this month .
Hosted by the Town of North Hempstead , the yearly program will take place Dec. 17-21 . Daily doings are to include holiday lighting , as well as an outdoor model steam locomotive display and an indoor Garden Railway model train display with a Christmas village .
Single-day events begin with a holiday story time on Sunday from 2 to 6 p.m. , featuring live singing by Greenvale native and former “ American Idol ” contestant Bryce Larsen , hot chocolate , face painting and a photo booth , plus arts and crafts .
Dec. 18 will play host to both canines and their human friends during a Winter Pawty from 3 to 8 p.m. , at which Santa will be available for photos with your pup .
Staffers from Jam Dance & Fitness Center of Great Neck will be in the Garden on Dec. 19 from 5 to 8 p.m. teaching holiday dances , and on Dec. 20 , members of the Williston Park Library staff will be on hand to tell stories by the fireplace and help with arts and crafts .
For the final evening of the event , a DJ will be spinning beats for a kids ' dance party on Dec. 21 from 5 to 8 p.m. Hofstra University 's astronomy department is slated to help with stargazing , and both the Albertson Fire Department and Santa will also be in attendance .
“ Winter Wonderland 2017 will be a fun-filled family event that will put everyone in the holiday mood , ” says North Hempstead Town Supervisor Judi Bosworth .
The event is free ; call 311 or visit northhempsteadny.gov for more information .
Sign up for Newsday 's Family newsletter Things to do with kids , events , more . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
The Clark Botanic Garden is located at 193 I.U . Willets Rd .
The 60th annual WA Performing Arts Eisteddfod officially began on Monday , with the two-week long showcase starting on the right note with Vocal and Pianoforte competitions at the Bunbury Regional Entertainment Centre .
Eisteddfod administration officer Angelique Bavich said the eisteddfod began without a hitch and they looked forward to witnessing the huge array of talent still to grace the stages .
“ Bump in was great , it was very smooth and seamless , ” they said .
“ BREC have been amazing and the technical staff here are very professional so we are very pleased with how they support us and get all our equipment ready .
“ Our adjudicator on Monday , Liz Pascoe ( vocal ) did an amazing job and we have had some great feedback from many of the competitors which has been good .
“ Christine Logan ( pianoforte ) has come from Sydney and they have settled in and had a great day . ”
Camera Icon WA Performing arts Eisteddfod commitee members Genelle Pettendreigh and Angelique Bavich .
Ms Bavich said the competition was taking place in the Cube Theatre for the first part but would move to stage one for the dance segment of the program .
“ It 's a great platform for South West talent to show their skills and just really encourage the love and passion of performing arts in all ages and all genres – so we are looking forward to supporting that , ” they said .
Tickets to the Eisteddfod , 60th Anniversary Concert and the evening dance performance on June 9 are available at bunburyentertainment.com .
Souvenir programs are available for purchase .
80 % 80 Great Creepy , dark and carrying a heavy meaning , The Mist is great alternative horror movie 8
After producing the immaculate The Shawshank Redemption and the critically acclaimed The Green Mile , director Frank Darabont took on a third adaptation of acclaimed author Stephen King 's work with 2007 's The Mist . The underrated and somewhat forgotten movie brings with it a dark social commentary combined with some great visual horror .
The Mist follows David Drayton ( Thomas Jane ) , a Hollywood poster artist living the small town of Bridgton in Maine . Whilst grocery shopping with their son Bill ( Nathan Gamble ) , the two become trapped in the store along with many other townsfolk when a mysterious mist , supposedly hiding deadly creatures , surrounds the town . Whilst David and a small group attempt to figure out what 's going on , panic sets in amongst the other survivors as people turn on one another as a result of their fear and desperation . As the situation worsens , people begin to flock behind the extreme Mrs Carmody ( Marcia Gay Harden ) who 's prophecies of God 's vengeance lead to bloody conflict within the store .
The film , in terms of both its characters and tone , feels more like a 50 's B-movie . It 's somewhat ridiculous plot is off-putting to people even now , yet it breaks the mould of what to expect from modern-day horror movies . With minimal jump scares and little to no soundtrack , the film relies more on it 's dark themes in order to make itself scary . The grocery store , in which the townsfolk become trapped , acts more as a microcosm of society with the main characters becoming more exaggerated versions of themselves as the film goes on . For example , Mrs Carmody , played excellently by Marcia Gay Harden , becomes an extreme religious cult leader by the end of the film whereas David becomes the more logical and practical leader . The film brilliantly encapsulates the breakdown of society when people are blinded by fear . By the film 's end , the real threat is n't the monsters in the mist , but the now crazed people inside the grocery store .
In terms of gore , The Mist does n't hold back with some of its more violent scenes . Whilst the monster attacks are few and far between for the most part , the scenes in which the creatures from the mist do appear are quite shocking . An incredibly tense scene in a pharmacy for example has some genuinely shocking moments that are far more effective because of the film 's slow build up , making them feel earned . The movie should also be praised for its bold yet devastating ending . Once again shying away from the tropes of modern horrors , the film ends on a very dour note that keeps perfectly in line with the overall tone .
All the performances are great in the movie , with the stereotyped characters being portrayed excellently by the cast . Thomas Jane , William Sadler , Marcia Gay Harden and Toby Jones are all brilliant in their differing roles , with the supporting cast also being very effective throughout . The actors deliver the dialogue in a way that does n't come off as cheesy as it might sound on paper and the film is far better off as a result .
One criticism of The Mist would be it 's sub-par CGI that does n't hold up for the most part and can be blamed on the film 's relatively low-budget . However , this can be rectified by watching the black and white version of the movie , which was in fact Frank Darabont 's intended cut . This version camouflages the bad effects for the most part and also better suites the film 's B-movie tone .
Overall The Mist is a greatly underappreciated horror . Disturbing , thought-provoking and very well filmed , despite its budget , it 's a horror film that calls back to a different era of movies and is definitely worth the watch for fans of the genre .
The Mist ( 2007 ) , directed by Frank Darabont , is distributed in the UK by Momentum Pictures . Certificate 15 .
By The Associated Press
National Team Leaders
By The Associated Press
Turnover Margin
Through games of Dec. 09
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
SACRAMENTO , Calif. ( AP ) — Supporters of a long-shot bid to make California an independent nation on Monday ended their effort to put it to a statewide vote next year , despite the extra interest it drew after last year 's election of Republican Donald Trump as president .
The secretary of state 's office confirmed that Marcus Ruiz Evans , vice president of the Yes California Independence Campaign , notified officials they intend to withdraw the California Nationhood ballot measure .
The group 's president , Louis Marinelli , said in a lengthy message to supporters that they are seeking permanent residence in Russia . They said supporters may try again to separate California from the rest of the United States sometime in the future .
The ballot measure would have allowed voters to repeal a part of the state Constitution saying that California is an inseparable part of the United States , but left the question of whether California should become a separate country to a future ballot . It would have required that the governor ask to join the United Nations if 55 percent of voters supported that future declaration of independence .
Advertisement
Congress and 38 states would have had to agree to change the U.S. Constitution to permit California to actually secede .
The group had received a social media boost with Trump 's election . Marinelli said in November that the group 's Facebook contacts grew from about 11,000 to about 15,000 as election results came in , while its email account received about 3,000 messages .
They and Evans said California 's overwhelming support of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton and measures legalizing recreational marijuana and reducing crime penalties showed how far California voters were removed from the rest of the nation .
They also equated the movement to last year 's decision by the United Kingdom to leave the European Union , dubbed Brexit . California , with its 39 million residents , is often compared to a nation , and data from the World Bank shows its economy was equivalent to the sixth-largest in the world in 2015 .
However , the group needed more than 585,000 signatures by July to put a measure on the ballot . Marinelli said it had fewer than 97,500 registered supporters . About 8,500 signed up as volunteers but only about 1,200 had contributed money .
Prior to Trump 's election , the group had fewer than 100 volunteers , Marinelli said .
Both Marinelli and Evans claimed credit , in separate statements , for starting the Calexit campaign .
“ With the right leadership and sufficient resources , particularly of a financial nature , Calexit can and will really take off , ” Marinelli said .
They acknowledged that their ties to Russia had become a distraction and said they intend to live there , if they are permitted , because of their “ frustration , disappointment and disillusionment with the United States . ”
They cited their struggle with U.S. officials since 2012 over the immigration status of their wife , a foreign national who they said faced the threat of deportation . They praised California officials for their attempts to shield immigrant residents from deportation and said their wife now has their green card .
When California one day becomes independent , Marinelli wrote , “ I shall look forward with great satisfaction to return to California and to live once again under our bear flag . ”
BENGHAZI , Libya ( AP ) — Libyan militiamen have abducted one of the country 's former prime ministers in the capital , Tripoli , witnesses said Monday .
They say Ali Zidan was led by an armed group out of a hotel where they were meeting with security officials late on Sunday . The witnesses spoke on condition of anonymity , fearing for their safety .
According to the witnesses , the militiamen that took Zidan were from the Tripoli Revolutionaries ' Brigade , which backs the U.N.-backed government .
There was no official statement on Zidan 's whereabouts .
Zidan was abducted once before by Tripoli 's unruly militias , in October 2013 , but was released within days . They fled the country before competing militias seized Tripoli in 2014 but later returned .
Libya to this day remains torn by competing governments and parliaments with an array of militias backing various alliances .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
In anticipation of Canada 's sesquicentennial celebrations , the Citizen 's Bruce Deachman has been out in search of Ottawans — 150 of them — to learn their stories of life and death , hope and love , obsession and fear . From Feb. 2 until Canada Day , we 'll share one person 's story every day .
“ I 'm from Montreal . I 'm here for school and for my internship , at the government — Shared Services Canada .
“ I collected Pokémon cards when I was a youngster . I watched all the shows and played all the games . I kind of stopped watching the shows when the newer ones came out . I just really did n't get into it ; partly maybe because I was getting older , partly because they were n't that good .
“ I started playing Pokémon Go a few days before it came out in Canada . A lot of people made app accounts from other countries where the game was out already , like Australia and the United States . I got mine from Australia . That was about two weeks ago .
“ There are levels , and combat points for different kinds of Pokémon , and gyms you can capture . That 's kind of it , I guess . I do n't know about everyone else , but I 'm someone who would be playing computer games at home anyways , so instead of just sitting in a chair at home I 'm outside and talking to people . From Monday to Friday , when I work , I play one or two hours a day , after work . Today ( a Sunday ) , I 'll play for four or five hours . On the first few days when it came out , I was playing for 10 or 11 hours a day . Usually when I get into something , the first few weeks I 'm really into it and I devote a lot of time to it . We 'll see whether I get bored of this . Some things I just keep doing because I really like them ; I really commit myself . Some computer games I 've been playing for six or seven years , like Counter-Strike : Global Offensive . ”
— Chen Kun . Confederation Park , July 31 , 2016 .
bdeachman @ postmedia.com
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) — LeBron James had 25 points , 14 assists and eight rebounds to turn back a charge from Andrew Wiggins and help the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 116-108 victory over the Minnesota Timberwolves on Tuesday night .
Channing Frye had 21 points and 10 rebounds while starting for All-Star Kevin Love , who will miss at least the next six weeks after having surgery on their left knee . Kyre Irving scored 25 points for the Cavs and James sealed the victory with a stepback 3-pointer with two minutes to play .
Wiggins scored 41 points against the team that drafted them and Karl-Anthony Towns scored 26 for the Wolves , who finished a six-game homestand at 2-4 . The Wolves allowed Cleveland to shoot 51 percent and hit 13 3s .
James tried to calm the Cavs on Tuesday morning when they found out they would be without Love for the stretch run in an Eastern Conference race that is suddenly tight with the Boston Celtics and Washington Wizards right on their heels . They said that as long as he 's on the floor , the Cavs will always have a chance to win , and no one doubts him .
Advertisement
They took their time to get going , choosing to get others involved , including with a no-look pass through Wiggins ' legs to a diving Derrick Williams for a layup in the second quarter . They threw down two soaring dunks later in the third and added a Jordan-like reverse layup as part of a highlight-filled night .
The Cavs appeared to be pulling away when they opened a 14-point lead in the third quarter , but Wiggins exploded for 20 points in the period to make it a game . They hit a 3-pointer and beat the buzzer on a long 2 to tie it at 93 going into the fourth .
Wiggins was chosen by the Cavs No . 1 overall three years ago , but that was before James made their surprising return to Cleveland . The Cavs traded Wiggins to Minnesota for Love and Wiggins has always given them their best punch . They entered the night averaging 27.6 points per game against them , their highest scoring average against any team in the league .
The Wolves missed two open 3-pointers that would have tied the game in the final four minutes , but James hit theirs from deep and Williams got a steal and a layup to hold off the Wolves .
TIP-INS
Cavaliers : F Iman Shumpert played 25 minutes after missing the previous three games with a sprained left ankle . … Williams scored 13 points off the bench against the team that drafted them No . 2 overall . … Tristan Thompson had 14 points and 11 boards .
Timberwolves : SG Zach LaVine had surgery in Los Angeles on Tuesday to reconstruct the torn ACL in their left knee . They are expected to miss nine months while recovering . … Ricky Rubio had 16 assists and eight rebounds , but was just 2 for 8 from the field .
UP NEXT
Cavaliers : Cleveland heads back home to face Indiana on Wednesday for its final game before the All-Star break .
Timberwolves : Minnesota flies to Denver for a game Wednesday night in a key game for the Wolves against the Nuggets , who currently own the eighth seed in the West .
By FRED GOODALL , AP Sports Writer
TAMPA , Fla. ( AP ) — Injured throwing hand or not , Matthew Stafford is determined to keep the Detroit Lions in the race for a playoff spot .
And they insist he 's not playing attention to rumors about the future of Jim Caldwell , whose job could depend on whether the team gets in .
“ Listen , man , we go play and they go and coaches , ” Stafford said after Sunday 's 24-21 victory over the Tampa Bay Buccaneers kept the Lions ( 7-6 ) in the running .
“ He understands ( it 's ) part of the business . We understand . Who knows , ” the quarterback added . “ I 'm not on social media , so I do n't know all of that crap . We just go play , man . … Our job is to win football games . That 's what we 're trying to do . ”
Stafford made their 109th consecutive start despite being limited in practice last week with a bruised right hand that was stepped on during Detroit 's previous game , a loss at Baltimore .
The ninth-year pro threw for 381 yards , one touchdown and two interceptions . They also led the 32nd game-winning drive of their career , moving the Lions 49 yards in the closing minutes to set up Matt Prater 's 46-yard field goal with 20 seconds left .
The victory stopped a two-game skid that accelerated speculation about Caldwell 's future .
“ We 've never , never ever , ever been in the practice of talking about contracts and anything of that nature , and we 're certainly not going to start today , ” Caldwell said .
The Bucs ( 4-9 ) have lost eight of 10 and were officially eliminated from playoff contention .
They have n't made the postseason since 2007 , and now there 's talk that quarterback Jameis Winson is unhappy with coach Dirk Koetter .
Player and coach both tried to defuse the notion after Winston threw for 285 yards , a pair of fourth-quarter TDs and turned the ball over three times against the Lions .
“ Obviously a lot of stuff can come out when we 're not doing as expected . But that 's false , ” Winston said . “ Coach Koetter coaches their tail off . They definitely support me . So whatever anybody else has to say outside of that … that 's water under a bridge . That 's shocking . ”
Koetter also denied that there is a rift , adding that he 's troubled by speculation about tension between the two .
“ It concerns me that we 're not winning enough games . That 's my biggest concern , ” Koetter said . “ I know the truth about our relationship . My big concern is our football team . ”
Some things to know about the Lions and Buccaneers :
WHERE 'S THE RUSH
The Lions have n't done a very good job of protecting the passer this season , yielding 39 sacks . But they shut out Tampa Bay 's anemic pass rush , which has a NFL-low 17 sacks in 13 games .
“ Detroit is a good passing team . Stafford gets the ball out of their hand . But 44 pass attempts and you do n't ever get them on the ground , ” Koetter said . “ That 's going to stress your coverage , and they do a good job with their receivers . They 've got all the routes . They 've got all the answers . ”
TOUGH GUY
Stafford 's streak of 109 consecutive starts is the third-longest among NFL quarterbacks behind Matt Ryan ( 128 ) and Philip Rivers ( 119 ) .
“ It was a process throughout the week . I do n't miss any practice reps if something is n't bothering me , ” Stafford said .
“ I love to practice . I love to be out there , ” they added . “ Our guys on the training staff did an unbelievable job of helping me out , getting it feeling as good as it possibly could . Our guys today did a good job of keeping me upright . ”
VIEW FROM THE OTHER SIDE
Brent Grimes had one of Tampa Bay 's two interceptions of Stafford , who completed 36 of 44 passes .
“ He looked good to me . They were still throwing the ball , making some good throws . They looked like himself , ” Grimes said . “ I 'm sure they were hurting , but they did a good job . ”
NOT A TIME TO QUIT
The Bucs will close the season with three games against NFC South rivals . Atlanta , Carolina and New Orleans are all fighting for playoff berths .
Koetter was asked how , at 4-9 , they will keep players motivated down the stretch .
“ They 're paid to compete , and we 're paid to coach them , ” Koetter said . “ We 'll do that . ”
___
More AP NFL : http : //pro32.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP_NFL
( Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
POWHATAN COUNTY , Va. – A home was destroyed in a house fire in Powhatan County Monday afternoon .
Units from Powhatan County Fire and Rescue and the Cumberland Volunteer Fire Department responded to the home in the 6300 block of Anderson Hwy .
Powhatan fire officials say the bulk of the fire has been knocked down .
All occupants inside the home are accounted for . There were no injuries .
The Family affected is being taken care of through other family members .
The cause of the fire is under investigation .
* Increased exports intended to help maintain oil revenues
* March exports more than triple 2016 monthly average
* Refiners in Singapore , U.S. among end-users of the fuel
By Roslan Khasawneh
DUBAI , May 3 Iraqi fuel oil exports have soared since January despite a reduction in the country 's crude production in line with OPEC supply cuts , industry sources said , in what could be a way to boost output of refined products and maintain oil revenues .
Iraq on average exported between 80,000 and 160,000 tonnes of fuel oil per month in 2016 , data collected by Thomson Reuters Oil Research showed .
But volumes sold to Asia have jumped this year , with Iraq 's global exports of fuel oil reaching more than 500,000 tonnes in March alone , according to Reuters data .
The soaring exports of high-quality straight-run fuel oil ( SRFO ) are an attempt to support revenues amid the OPEC cuts in which Iraq reluctantly agreed to participate , saying it would reduce crude output by 210,000 barrels per day ( bpd ) .
Iraq has processed more crude through its refineries , turning it into fuel oil for export , five industry sources with knowledge of the matter said .
`` The Iraqis have been processing more crude internally than exporting it , hence there are more fuel oil exports , '' said one Middle East-based industry source , speaking on condition of anonymity as they were not authorised to talk to the media .
A manager at an Iraqi-headquartered energy trading company said : `` The Iraqis have been working on optimising fuel oil exports ... in a move to compensate for the OPEC ( crude ) cuts . ''
Other Middle East trade sources said Iraq had been blending the high-quality fuel oil it produces with either crude or naphtha before exporting it .
The effect has been felt as far as Singapore , Asia 's main oil-trading and storage hub . Trade data compiled by Reuters shows imports of Iraqi fuel oil at 0.94 million tonnes in the first quarter of 2017 , nearly double the 0.48 million tonnes imported during the whole of 2016 .
A Singapore-based fuel oil trader said Royal Dutch Shell 's 500,000-bpd Pulau Bukom refinery in Singapore had taken several cargoes of Iraqi fuel oil .
Shell declined to comment on the details of its commercial agreements .
Traders said some of the high-grade fuel oil had also been shipped to the United States .
Fuel oil is a byproduct of crude oil refining . High-quality variants such as SRFO can be further refined into higher-value gasoline and diesel , while lower-quality fuel oils are typically used in large marine vessels and power plants .
Iraq 's bulging fuel oil exports have contributed to a glut . In Singapore , premiums on fuel oil prices came under pressure in the first quarter as inventories hit a near eight-month high .
Likewise , fuel oil inventories in the Amsterdam-Rotterdam-Antwerp hub soared to their highest since records began in 1995 in the first quarter , as fewer shipments were sent to Singapore 's already burgeoning storage tanks .
( Additional reporting by Rania El Gamal ; Editing by Henning Gloystein and Dale Hudson )
I 'm a geek who loves to get people fired up about security and privacy . Talk to me about infosec , Star Trek , road cycling , and video games over at @ mvarmazis .
Austin police just confirmed what residents have feared for weeks — a suspected serial bomber is attacking their city .
For the fourth time this month , a device exploded on Austin residents . What makes Sunday night 's blast especially terrifying is that the device was left on the side of a residential road and triggered by a tripwire , police said Monday .
Investigators have found similarities between that device and three previous bombs , which were stuffed inside packages and left on residents ' doorsteps , Austin Police Chief Brian Manley said .
“ We are clearly dealing with what we expect to be a serial bomber at this point , ” they said .
The latest device — which was triggered by a tripwire — shows “ a higher level of sophistication , a higher level of skill , ” they said .
And unlike the victims of the previous blasts , the two men wounded in Sunday 's explosion are white , Austin police said . Both men are expected to recover .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Latest developments
The Travis Country neighborhood of Austin was on lockdown Monday , Manley said , as authorities investigate the pieces of evidence strewn across a wide area .
Manley asked anyone in the neighborhood with security camera footage to call police .
The Austin public school district says it could n't send buses to the affected neighborhood Monday because of police activity .
`` As the bombmaker changes up design and geography , all residents of Austin and surrounding areas should avoid suspicious items , '' the global think tank Stratfor Threat Lens said .
An indiscriminate wake-up call
Many minority residents in Austin have been on edge since the bombings started , as the first three bombings killed or wounded minorities .
Several residents under lockdown Monday said they were stunned the latest attack happened in their neighborhood .
Unlike the first three bombings , which happened in east Austin , the latest attack happened in a predominately white part of town .
Eliza May said because the first three bombings happening on the east side of the city , in predominately minority areas , they had n't been following the news closely .
May said that as a resident of the affluent Travis Country neighborhood , they assumed they had nothing to worry about .
`` We feel safe . This is n't something that you 'd expect around here , '' May told CNN .
Now , `` it 's obvious that you have to be alert . ''
`` This was a random bomb , '' they said . `` This could have been any one of us . ''
Neighbor Shonda Mace said the bombing `` is going to be ( a ) life-changing event for our neighborhood . ''
`` I 'm scared about what 's going to happen next , '' they said .
Tripwire could give clues
`` The use of a tripwire is far less discriminating than leaving parcel bombs at residences and suggests that the latest victims were not specifically targeted , '' Stratfor Threat Lens said .
`` The device 's success , despite significantly different design , further suggests that the bombmaker behind these attacks is an accomplished one , and has likely to have received some training , perhaps as a military or police explosive ordnance disposal technician . ''
Austin bombings : Live updates
'Extra level of vigilance ' needed
The latest blast came less than a week after police said the three previous explosions -- in a span of 10 days -- were connected . Those blasts killed a man and a teenager , and wounded two others .
The victims in those three explosions were African-American or Hispanic . Police have not discovered a motive , but have not ruled out the possibility those bombings could be hate crimes .
Police are working under the belief that the explosions are related . Manley said they 'll get a better idea with a post-blast analysis and examination of the device components .
In the meantime , Manley told residents not to touch or go near anything that looks suspicious .
`` We now need the community to have an extra level of vigilance and pay attention to any suspicious device -- whether it be a package or a bag , a backpack -- anything that looks out of place , '' Manley said Monday . `` Do not approach items like that . ''
Shortly before the fourth bombing , the reward for information leading to the arrest of anyone responsible for the three blasts increased to a total of $ 115,000 , authorities said .
Officials have urged residents to call police with any tips they may have , even if the information seems to be `` inconsequential . ''
KNOXVILLE , Tenn. – A young boy 's emotional video about another round of bullying they endured is going viral .
Keaton Jones , a middle school student , tearfully explained how they were bullied to their mother and asks why people bully others . They caught the moment on video :
This is Keaton Jones . They are amazing . I hope those who bullied them get what 's coming to them . And soon . pic.twitter.com/qgRObI0rto — Jamie O'Grady ( @ JamieOGrady ) December 9 , 2017
One of the first to respond to the video was the Tennessee Titans ' Delanie Walker , who reached out to Jones and their mother on Twitter Saturday with words of encouragement and an offer of tickets to a Titans game . Walker said that they hoped to raise awareness to bullying in schools .
@ DonteStallworth @ Lakyn_Jones hopefully my video and the tweets that Keaton have been getting brings awareness to bullying and how serious it is in our school system pic.twitter.com/1Dujv3RxA5 — Delanie walker ( @ delaniewalker82 ) December 9 , 2017
However , Walker was not the last to reach out , as Jones ' story has touched many .
Avengers ' star Chris Evans reached out to Jones via Twitter , inviting them and their mother to the premiere of the new Avengers ' film next summer :
Stay strong , Keaton . Do n't let them make you turn cold . I promise it gets better . While those punks at your school are deciding what kind of people they want to be in this world , how would you and your mom like to come to the Avengers premiere in LA next year ? https : //t.co/s1QwCQ3toi — Chris Evans ( @ ChrisEvans ) December 10 , 2017
Cleveland Cavaliers ' players J.R. Smith and LeBron James were among some of the others to respond , with Smith saying that Jones should come out to a game when the Cavaliers play in Memphis .
That 's a damn shame . Keaton if your around when we play in Memphis i would love to invite you to one of our games . Head up Champ ! https : //t.co/Moh9ObdgX8 — JR Smith ( @ TheRealJRSmith ) December 11 , 2017
Damn right ! Bullies are straight up wack , corny , cowards , chumps , etc , etc ! Keaton keep your head up buddy and push forward ! You 're the best https : //t.co/pqDgay77l9 — LeBron James ( @ KingJames ) December 11 , 2017
The hashtag “ # StandWithKeaton ” was trending for a period this weekend and has evoked thousands of responses .
Singer Katy Perry and NBA legend Bill Russell also responded with tweets , urging people to be kind to one another and spread Keaton 's story :
This broke my 💔 today . Please be kind to one another . # standwithkeaton https : //t.co/8XBbFmnuc1 — KATY PERRY ( @ katyperry ) December 10 , 2017
ALMADINA holds a General meeting on May 13 2018 ( KSE ) Date : 23 Apr 2018 Al Madina for Finance and Investment Company holds a General meeting on May 13 , 2018 to discuss recommendation not to distribute dividends for financial year 2017 .
The sold-out crowd of nearly 11,000 at Montreal 's Olympic Stadium cheered Black and Moors every step of the way .
`` It 's such an honour to be competing with such amazing girls , '' said Moors , who was awarded the elegance prize at the end of the competition . `` And the home crowd was amazing .
`` I did n't set any expectations for myself . I went in and just tried my hardest . ''
Black began the finals with a 14.600 on the vault and a 14.233 on the uneven bars . They scored a 12.866 on the beam , after losing their balance on a few occasions . Those dropped points ended up costing them the gold .
Despite a less than perfect performance on the balance beam , Black entered the final discipline in first place , two tenths of a point ahead of Hurd .
`` I knew what the general idea was going into the last rotation , '' said Black . `` But I try not to focus on that because the only thing I can control is the routine I was going to put out there .
`` I had a mistake on beam , and in the sport of gymnastics it always comes down to tenths . It was n't a perfect day for anyone here . ''
The 16-year-old Hurd performed first in the floor exercises , scoring a 13.733 .
Black needed a 13.534 or better on the floor to win gold , but they earned a 13.433 instead .
`` It 's crazy that I was even competing here , '' said Hurd , who finished sixth in all-around after qualifications . `` To think that I won is just the most surreal feeling in the world . ''
Black has a chance to win more medals over the weekend as they are also competing in three individual finals : vault , balance beam and floor exercises .
Moors ( floor ) and teammate Shallon Olsen ( vault ) are also in the running for medals in the individual finals on Saturday and Sunday .
Notes : American Ragan Smith , a favourite to win gold in the all-around , was forced to withdraw from the final after injuring their ankle during the vault warm up .
By Kelsey Patterson , The Canadian Press
By The Associated Press
MEDINA , Ohio ( AP ) — A 23-year-old University of Akron accounting student has been named the nation 's top grocery bagger after claiming the Ohio title two years in a row .
The Medina ( meh-DY'-nuh ) Gazette ( http : //bit.ly/2lOUoJ0 ) reports Brady Long returns to Wadsworth with a $ 10,000 prize after winning the National Grocers Association 's Best Bagger championship .
Long packs up groceries at Buehler 's Fresh Foods . They competed against nearly two dozen others during the bagging championship in Las Vegas , where they were judged on speed , technique and other factors , including style and attitude .
They say he 'll use the prize money to help them replace their current vehicle , a 1996 van .
___
Information from : The Medina County Gazette , http : //www.medina-gazette.com
MORGAN MANNS / the Review Times
Alyssa Miller from the children 's department at the Kaubisch Memorial Public Library reads a book to Longfellow School students Monday morning at the school . The school and library have collaborated this year to further engage students in literacy and all the library has to offer . About twice a month , library staff come into the school to read books and complete activities and crafts with kindergarten students . The goal is to be able to take students to the library at the end of the year . On Monday , Miller read holiday stories , sang holiday rhyming songs and completed a holiday coloring page .
Comments
comments
Almost nothing is left to the imagination thanks to the latest batch of spy photos showing the 2019 Audi A1 Sportback . The uncamouflaged car 's sharp character lines , sporty body kit , and modern lighting graphics are all evident as the A1 goes through final testing in Europe .
Although we had seen the basic outline of the new A1 before , it 's only now that we can clearly discern the many sharp creases that define its bodysides . Up front , too , deep lower grille openings lend the fascia a sporty appearance , while from behind a roof spoiler and polygonal taillights look taut and modern .
The next Audi A1 is expected to ride on a version of the MQB modular platform already used for a long list of Volkswagen Group cars , including the Audi A3 and Volkswagen Golf . The cars seen here are five-door hatchbacks – Audi refers to it as the A1 Sportback – and in fact we 've heard that the new model will not be offered in a three-door bodystyle .
It 's still far too early to know any specifics about powertrains , but our sources suggest that a turbocharged 1.0-liter inline-three will be at the bottom of the engine range , with 1.5- and 2.0-liter four-cylinder turbo engines also on the docket in various states of tune . We 're told all-wheel drive will be available as an option ; today it 's only offered on the racy S1 . It 's also rumored that those engines might have mild-hybrid technology ; Audi has already introduced mild-hybrid tech on the engines in the new A6 , A7 , and A8 .
Though we have yet to see the inside , it 's a safe bet Audi will equip the new A1 with its Virtual Cockpit instruments , as well as all manner of active-safety technology .
Audi has built the A1 model range in Brussels since 2010 , but the next-generation car 's assembly instead moves to Martorell , Spain . That 's because Audi will instead repurpose the Brussels plant to build , “ the first purely electric-drive SUV from Audi ” – the E-Tron .
As we reported in January , Audi plans to officially introduce the new A1 Sportback this year . We should see it in the coming months . After all , we know Audi plans a huge product onslaught with a new model set to be introduced every three weeks .
Source : Automedia
NEW YORK ( AP ) - The Weinstein Co. filed for bankruptcy protection on Monday with a buyout offer in hand from a private equity firm , the latest twist in its efforts to survive the sexual misconduct scandal that brought down co-founder Harvey Weinstein , shook Hollywood and triggered a movement that spread out to convulse other industries .
The company also announced it was releasing any victims of or witnesses to Weinstein 's alleged misconduct from non-disclosure agreements preventing them from speaking out . That step had long been sought by New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman , who filed a lawsuit against the company last month on behalf of its employees .
`` Since October , it has been reported that Harvey Weinstein used non-disclosure agreements as a secret weapon to silence their accusers . Effective immediately , those 'agreements ' end , '' the company said in a statement . `` No one should be afraid to speak out or coerced to stay quiet . ''
In a statement , Schneiderman praised the decision as `` a watershed moment for efforts to address the corrosive effects of sexual misconduct in the workplace . ''
The movie and TV studio becomes the first high-profile company to be forced into bankruptcy in the nationwide outcry over workplace sexual misconduct . Dozens of prominent men in entertainment , media , finance , politics and other realms have seen their careers derailed , but no other company has seen its very survival as tightly intertwined with the fate of one man as the Weinstein Co .
Some 80 women , including prominent actores , have accused Harvey Weinstein of misconduct ranging from rape to harassment . Weinstein , who was fired as their company 's CEO in October , has denied any allegations of non-consensual sex .
The Weinstein Co. said it has entered into a `` stalking horse '' agreement with an affiliate of Dallas-based Lantern Capital Partners , meaning the equity firm has agreed to buy the company , subject to approval by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Delaware .
Lantern was among a group of investors that had been in talks for months to buy the company outside of bankruptcy . That deal was complicated when Schneiderman filed their lawsuit , citing concerns that the sale would benefit executives accused of enabling Weinstein 's alleged misconduct and provide insufficient guarantees of compensation for their accusers . Talks to revive the sale finally fell apart two weeks ago when the group of buyers said they had discovered undisclosed liabilities .
The Weinstein Co. said it chose Lantern as a potential buyer because the firm was committed to keeping on the studio 's employees as a going concern .
`` While we had hoped to reach a sale out of court , the Board is pleased to have a plan for maximizing the value of its assets , preserving as many jobs as possible and pursuing justice for any victims , '' said Bob Weinstein , who co-founded the company with their brother Harvey in 2005 and remains chairperson of the board of directors .
Lantern co-founders Andy Mitchell and Milos Brajovic said they were committed to `` following through on our promise to reposition the business as a pre-eminent content provider , while cultivating a positive presence in the industry . ''
Under bankruptcy protection , civil lawsuits filed by Weinstein 's accusers will be halted and no new legal claims can be brought against the company . Secured creditors will get priority for payment over the women suing the company .
Schneiderman 's lawsuit will not be halted by the bankruptcy filing because it was filed by a law enforcement agency . Schneiderman said their investigation would continue and that their office would engage with the Weinstein Co. and Lantern to ensure `` that victims are compensated , employees are protected moving forward , and perpetrators and enablers of abuse are not unjustly enriched . ''
Other bidders also could emerge during the bankruptcy process , particularly those interested in the company 's lucrative 277-film library , which includes award-winning films from big-name directors like Quentin Tarantino and horror releases from its Dimension label . Free of liabilities , the company 's assets could increase in value in a bankruptcy .
In more fallout over the scandal , New York 's governor directed the state attorney general to review a decision by the Manhattan district attorney 's office not to prosecute a 2015 case involving an Italian model who said Weinstein groped them
The bankruptcy process will bring the company 's finances into public view , including the extent of its debt . The buyers who pulled out of the sale earlier this month said they discovered up to $ 64 million in undisclosed liabilities , including $ 27 million in residuals and profit participation . Those liabilities came on top of $ 225 million in debt , which the buyers had said they would be prepared to take on as part of a $ 500 million acquisition deal .
The Weinstein Co. already had been struggling financially before the scandal erupted in October with a news story in The New York Times and The New Yorker . Harvey and Bob Weinstein started the company after leaving Miramax , the company they founded in 1979 and which became a powerhouse in '90s indie film with hits like `` Pulp Fiction . '' After finding success with Oscar winners `` The Artist '' and `` The King 's Speech , '' the Weinstein Co. 's output and relevance diminished in recent years . The company let go 50 employees in 2016 and continuously shuffled release dates while short of cash .
Last year , the studio sold distribution rights for the movie `` Paddington 2 '' to Warner Bros. for more than $ 30 million .
BOSTON ( AP ) — Prosecutors have asked a judge to let jurors consider a lesser charge in the murder trial of a man accused of killing a 2-year-old girl who became known as Baby Doe after their body washed up on a Boston Harbor beach .
Prosecutors on Tuesday asked that the jury be allowed to consider involuntary manslaughter in Michael McCarthy 's trial . The defense objected to the request .
McCarthy is charged with killing Bella Bond . The girl 's mother , Rachelle Bond , says McCarthy punched the girl in the abdomen repeatedly until they died in 2015 .
McCarthy 's lawyer says Bond killed the girl .
The mother pleaded guilty to being an accessory after the fact for helping dispose of the body .
A composite image of Bella was shared by millions of people on social media after their body was found on Deer Island in June 2015 .
New research has illustrated the vital role tourism plays in supporting local communities across Scotland .
The study , carried out by VisitScotland , has revealed that in some communities of Scotland , such as Argyll & Bute and the Highlands , tourism employment accounts for nearly double the national average of 9 % .
Tourism has the biggest impact on employment in Argyll and Bute with 17 % of the population employed in the sector . Other areas that lead the way in tourism employment include Highlands ( 14 % ) , South Ayrshire ( 13 % ) and Orkney ( 12 % ) .
Between them , Edinburgh , Glasgow , the Highlands , Aberdeen City and Fife accounted for almost half of tourism employment in 2015 with 103,400 jobs . Overall there are 217,000 jobs relating to tourism in Scotland .
Local authorities have long recognised the important contribution of tourism to their local areas providing infrastructure that is essential for its growth , captured in the National Tourism Development Framework . The aim of this framework is to highlight the activity and investment that exists to ensure the visitor journey is as smooth and efficient as possible .
Local authorities that include the most tourism businesses relative to their population are Argyll and Bute ( 13.5 % ) , Dundee ( 11.5 % ) , North Ayrshire ( 11.3 % ) , West Dunbartonshire ( 11.3 % ) and the Highlands ( 11.0 % ) .
The top ten most visited regions in Scotland by overnight visitors are :
1 . Edinburgh ( 2,276,000 trips )
2 . Highlands ( 1,777,000 trips )
3 . Glasgow City ( 1,682,000 trips )
4 . Argyll and Bute ( 891,000 trips )
5 . Perth and Kinross ( 721,000 trips )
6 . Dumfries and Galloway ( 702,000 trips )
7 . Aberdeen City ( 661,000 trips )
8 . Fife ( 528,000 trips )
9 . Stirling ( 432,000 trips )
10 . South Ayrshire ( 373,000 trips )
Tourism Secretary Fiona Hyslop said : “ Tourism is a key part of our economy , right across Scotland . As VisitScotland 's figures show , it is vital in supporting some of our most fragile , rural communities .
“ The Scottish Government and our public bodies are working in partnership with the industry to create sustainable and inclusive economic growth for everyone , throughout the year . ”
Malcolm Roughead , Chief Executive at VisitScotland said : “ Tourism is more than a holiday experience – it is integral to sustain communities across Scotland by generating income , creating jobs and stimulating social change . More and more people are realising just how important the sector is to the economy and these figures illustrate this vital impact that is growing year on year .
“ Scotland 's reputation as a quality destination relies on continued investment and innovation to ensure that current provision meets future demand . VisitScotland is working with stakeholders and businesses across the country to ensure that this happens and ultimately every visitor gets a quality experience every single time . ”
For more information about the importance of tourism to Scotland , visit www.visitscotland.org
Jason Day will be one of the favorites at the 2017 U.S. Open , which begins Thursday . Phelan M. Ebenhack AP
NEW YORK ( AP ) — When nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards are announced Monday morning , the shadow of sexual misconduct scandals will be hard to avoid .
The nominations will begin at 8:15 a.m. EST . A second batch of nominees will follow live on NBC 's “ Today ” show , where less than two weeks earlier , longtime host Matt Lauer was fired following multiple allegations of sexual misconduct .
Lauer was just the latest media figure to be toppled by the ongoing revelations that have followed the ouster of former Weinstein Co. co-chairperson Harvey Weinstein , along with many others , including Kevin Spacey . As a co-star in Ridley Scott 's upcoming “ All the Money in the World , ” Spacey — whose performance has been removed in reshoots — might have once expected to hear theirs named among Monday 's best supporting actor nominees .
Amazon 's “ Transparent ” and star Jeffrey Tambor have also been regular Globes nominees , and could be again Monday for the show 's fourth season . Two women have come forward in the past month to accuse Tambor of sexual harassment , including “ Transparent ” actor Trace Lysette and their former assistant . Tambor has said “ the idea that I would deliberately harass anyone is simply and utterly untrue . ”
Advertisement
The Globes will be the most prominent platform yet in Hollywood 's awards season to confront the post-Weinstein landscape . Presented and chosen by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association , their deliberations are n't representative of the larger industry . The HFPA is composed of approximately 90 largely unknown international journalists .
But the Globes , which this year will be hosted by Seth Meyers on January 7 , have long characterized themselves as one of the frothiest stops on the awards season circuit . Many will be watching to see how the Globes weigh the likes of “ Transparent ” and “ All the Money in the World. ” A rough cut of the latter was reportedly screened for the HFPA shortly after Scott finished reshooting the film with Christopher Plummer stepping in for Spacey .
Among the favorites at the Globes this year are Steven Spielberg 's Pentagon Papers drama “ The Post ” and Christopher Nolan 's World War II tale “ Dunkirk. ” In the television categories , Hulu 's “ The Handmaid 's Tale ” and HBO 's “ Big Little Lies ” could be in for a big morning .
___
Follow AP Film Writer Jake Coyle on Twitter at : http : //twitter.com/jakecoyleAP
I 've been writing about technology , careers , science and health since 1995 . I rose to the lofty heights of Executive Editor for eWEEK , popped out with the 2008 crash , joined the freelancer economy , and am still writing for my beloved peeps at places like Sophos 's Naked Security , CIO Mag , ComputerWorld , PC Mag , IT Expert Voice , Software Quality Connection , Time , and the US and British editions of HP 's Input/Output . I respond to cash and spicy sites , so do n't be shy .
Chinese mobile phone maker TRANSSION Holdings which is known for its brand itel has launched five smartphones under the name called Tecno .
The new TECNO smartphone range includes five models - i3 , i3 Pro , i5 , i5 Pro and i7 in a price range of Rs . 7,990 to Rs . 14,990 . While i5 , i5 Pro , i3 and i3 pro will all be available across 3 states of Rajasthan , Gujarat , and Punjab from April 22 , 2017 , the i7 will hit the market in early May .
These new products come in the colors of Champagne Gold , Sky Black , and Space Grey .
The company says that all its smartphones are especially 'Made for India ' which is reflected through the prefix ' i ' in the smartphones . The software algorithm of the camera is optimized as per Indian consumers focusing on skin tone , color preference , contrast , etc . that enables consumers to capture images truer to Indian skin tones even in low light conditions .
The camera by PIXELEX engine which the company claims will give you the brightest , night photos and videos .
SEE ALSO : Videocon Delite 11+ with Pro 360 OS launched : Specs , price , features and more
Besides this , Tecno has also come up with the new Anti-Oil fingerprint sensor which allows you to unlock your phone anytime anywhere under all Indian lifestyles and weather conditions .
The smartphones are equipped with Rocket Charging which helps shorten charging time by as much as 20 percent as compared to traditional fast charge . It is based on the latest Android Nougat OS .
The company also highlights its HiOS operating system and the Smart Screen-Split feature .
TECNO smartphone comes with an industry first proposition of '151 ' Promise which offers 100 days ' replacement , 50 percent buyback , and 1-year one-time screen replacement . The promotional offer is available free for the limited period only .
In terms of specification , Tecno i7 comes with a 5.5-inch screen with full HD resolution and it has 4GB RAM and 32GB internal storage space which can be expanded up to 128GB by using microSD cards .
The smartphone comes with a 13-megapixel rear camera and a 16-megapixel selfie camera .
The dual SIM 2G/ 3G/4G phone is VoLTE & ViLTE enabled and comes with other connectivity options like Bluetooth and WiFi , and has a fingerprint sensor . The Tecno i7 carries a 4000mAh battery . The smartphone is priced at Rs . 14,990 .
The i5 and i5 Pro are priced at Rs . 11,490 and Rs . 12,990 and come with a full HD display . There is 2GB RAM and 16GB internal memory in the i5 whereas the i5 pro comes with 3GB RAM and 32GB internal memory .
The Tecno i3 was also launched at the price of Rs . 7,990 and comes with the 5-inch device with HD display
By MICHAEL BURWELL Staff Writer BOWLING GREEN — There are n't too many Division III boys golf teams in Ohio with the depth that Van
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court on Tuesday ordered that rapper Meek Mill be immediately released from prison on bail , ending a controversial five-month incarceration marked by celebrity support , conflict with a judge , and questions about the validity of their decade-old arrest .
In an order issued Tuesday afternoon , the high court granted Mill “ extraordinary relief ” because of questions the Philadelphia District Attorney 's Office recently expressed about the credibility of Mill 's arresting officer . Prosecutors said last week that they believed Mill was entitled to a new trial and would not oppose their release on bail .
The rapper tweeted about their release shortly after the order was made public , calling their time behind bars “ a nightmare ” but thanking their family , supporters , and even prosecutors .
I 'd like to thank God , my family , and all my public advocates for their love , support and encouragement during this difficult time . While the past five months have been a nightmare , the prayers , visits , calls , letters and rallies have helped me stay positive . — Meek Mill ( @ MeekMill ) April 24 , 2018
To the Philly District Attorney 's office , I 'm grateful for your commitment to justice . I understand that many people of color across the country do n't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues . — Meek Mill ( @ MeekMill ) April 24 , 2018
In the meantime , I plan to work closely with my legal team to overturn this unwarranted conviction and look forward to reuniting with my family and resuming my music career . — Meek Mill ( @ MeekMill ) April 24 , 2018
They also posted a photo on Instagram expressing support for the 76ers , who will play the Miami Heat in a playoff game Tuesday night at the Wells Fargo Center . A spokesperson for Michael Rubin , a co-owner of the team , said Mill plans to attend the game , although it was not immediately clear how quickly Mill might be released to get to the arena .
Let 's go @ sixers A post shared by Meek Mill ( @ meekmill ) on Apr 24 , 2018 at 12:59pm PDT
Mill 's attorney Joe Tacopina said in a statement that they were “ thrilled , ” and that “ Meek is excited to be reunited with their family , and we , along with Meek , intend to continue to shine the light on a justice system in need of reform to prevent any other citizen from being put through what Meek has endured . ”
Meanwhile , hundreds of Mill supporters gathered outside the state prison in Chester where they have been incarcerated , blocking traffic in an impromptu rally while trying to catch a glimpse of the entertainer upon theirs release .
Mill has been imprisoned since November , when Common Pleas Judge Genece E. Brinkley sentenced them to two to four years for probation violations related to a decade-old conviction on gun and drug charges .
Them decision sparked immediate outrage among athletes and celebrities , and fans rallied outside the Criminal Justice Center to describe Mill 's case as an example of the flaws in the criminal justice system .
Political support soon followed , with Mayor Kenney among those who traveled to the prison in Chester to visit the Philadelphia-born Mill , 30 , whose legal name is Robert Rihmeek Williams .
But perhaps nothing was more instrumental in facilitating their release than what happened after District Attorney Larry Krasner took office in January .
Krasner , who campaigned on a pledge to reduce the number of people behind bars , disclosed in February that Mill 's arresting officer , Reginald V. Graham , was on a list of police officers with credibility questions , something Mill 's attorneys said they had not previously been told .
Their attorneys then filed paperwork accusing Graham of lying to secure Mill 's arrest , and Krasner 's office responded by saying it had questions about whether Mill 's original conviction should stand . Last week , prosecutors stated in court that they believed that Mill was entitled to a new trial and that they did not oppose their release on bail .
Still , none of those actions led to Mill 's release because their case lay in the hands of Brinkley . For months , Mill 's legal team smeared them with accusations of ethical improprieties , which they later described as evidence-free . And late last month , the judge defended their handling of the case , saying : “ This court committed no error . ”
The Supreme Court 's order Tuesday said that because the District Attorney 's Office had agreed to a new trial and did not oppose Mill 's release on bail , the rapper should be immediately released .
It was not immediately clear whether prosecutors would seek to try Mill again on the original drug and gun charges . Ben Waxman , a spokesperson for Krasner 's office , declined to offer further specifics about Mill 's case , but noted that prosecutors last week dismissed three other cases built by Graham due to concerns about the officer 's credibility .
This is a developing story that will be updated .
Muchea Livestock Centre management has backflipped on a plan to change its weekly cattle sale day from Monday to Wednesday , after a stakeholder backlash .
The centre was pegged to hold its first Wednesday cattle sale on July 4 , but released a statement this week saying the change would “ not proceed at this stage ” .
Western Meat Industry Authority chief executive Andrew Williams said the organisation had proposed the change to save money on weekend penalty rates .
Currently , a small number of employees work each Saturday evening weighing and drafting cattle , with staff numbers increasing to 20 to 30 on Sunday to prepare for the Monday sale .
“ WAMIA was surprised at the objections of some key stakeholders , ” Mr Williams said .
“ We are seeking to work with them to find a more acceptable solution that will reduce the costs of MLC 's operating costs . ”
Mr Williams said Sunday staff were essential to the organisation and worked to receive and draft cattle , as well as completing animal welfare protocols and office work .
“ Sunday prep work for Monday 's sale comes at a cost to industry in the hundreds of thousands of dollars , ” they said .
“ MLC staff are public servants and are paid an award rate for working on Sunday. ” Mr Williams said it was an option to reduce MLC 's public servant payroll by allowing the private sector to take up the required Sunday work-load .
“ The private sector could easily perform the necessary Sunday work at a much more reasonable costing , ” they said .
“ WAMIA is open to this potential which has been included in discussions with stakeholders .
“ In good faith , WAMIA will not proceed with the proposed change of the cattle sale , while it further engages with key stakeholders . ”
Mitchell 's Transport managing director John Mitchell said any changes at MLC should incur a broader conversation through an independent and objective process .
“ We truck 50 to 60 per cent of the cattle at Muchea and there is much room for improvement , ” they said .
Landmark and Elders declined to comment . To find out more , contact Mr Williams on 9571 0013 .
We all get to discover the sheer importance of car key safety only when it comes biting us because of the urgency of the matter . People often do not realize how important is having the assurance that they can enjoy lost key replacement with ease and without experiencing any particular hassles linked to that . This is why we consider having such services available to you as one of the clearest cut displays of privilege and chance . We bring to your attention Detroit Key Replacement a company which thrives on providing ignition repair solutions and lost key replacements to their clients . A well-known player in the market , Detroit Key Replacement has come a long way to build a considerable customer base of devoted individuals who value and cherish the outstanding services of the company on each occasion they find themselves in need of them .
The company is a leader in the market due to revolutionary approach to lost key replacement . The unique approach allowed them to outsmart the competition and to impose their utter domination on said market . Their sheer numbers of customers are a testament to the superiority of their approach compared to their competitors . Even though they are only several years old they have outclassed their competition in every single proving unparalleled sense of innovation and creative thinking which got them to the point where they lead other companies and institutions in their niche . One of the key points which helped shape Detroit Key Replacement into who they are today was their outstanding customer service . With a mission to under promise and over deliver the company has won over numerous customers which have quickly jumped ships from their competitors to Detroit Key Replacement thanks to the way the later treat their customers .
Among the most important services Detroit Key Replacement lists lost key replacement and ignition repair . In conclusion it is needless to say that Detroit Key Replacement are your best choice in case you need a top quality ignition repair . They will surprise you with their swiftness and will offer you by far the best in the country . This totally means that they are your best shot with this and it will be foolish not to allow them to convince you of that themselves .
About company :
Do not hesitate to recommend Detroit Key Replacement to anyone who might require lost key replacement because this company will surprise them in the best way possible . They will do it all swiftly , without fuss and will make sure everyone will be content with their services . After all there is nothing more important to them than the reputation they form and maintaining it with their customers as this is their bread and butter . With this in mind do spread the word about and Detroit Key Replacement let other people enjoy their mastery and craftsmanship . Do while helping a great company grow and establish itself even more .
Company Name : Detroit Key Replacement
Website : http : //www.detroitkeyreplacement.com/
Telephone : ( 313 ) 636-1340
Address : 9154 Livernois Ave Detroit , MI 48204
As part of Living Waters Lutheran College School Pastoral Care Program , students organised and ran the school 's annual Serving our Society Day last week .
The day involved senior school students initiating , organising and running stalls and activities to raise money for the Australian Lutheran World Service .
Stalls and activities included face-painting , competitions , raffles , fairly floss , a photo booth and sausage sizzle .
Isabelle Warner , 8 , Layla Iuni , 7 , Bella Haines , 8 , and Naomi Mukusha , 8 .
Taya Wilson , 10 , Siella Robinson , 10 , Josh Middleton , 16 , Mia Krikby , 10 , and Tarni Paddon , 10 .
Isabella Miles-Middleton , 6 .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Bobby Knight . Don King . Sylvester Stallone .
Many of President-elect Donald Trump 's cultural touchstones , which he 'd frequently name-drop at campaign rallies and on Twitter , were at their peak in the 1980s — the decade Trump 's celebrity status rose in New York , Trump Tower was built , “ The Art of the Deal ” was published and they first flirted with running for public office .
The “ Go Go 1980s ” of New York were spurred by Wall Street 's rise . It was a brash decade in which excess was the norm and ostentatious displays of wealth and power were celebrated in pop culture and among Manhattan 's elite . And while much of what defined the 1980s has since gone out of style , Trump has seemingly internalized its ethos , which is reflected in the decor of the Trump Tower lobby and the celebrities they stood alongside during the campaign .
An outer-borough New York developer trying to prove themselves across the East River , Trump always sought approval of Manhattan 's ruling class and was eager to make a name for himself , according to those who tangled with them during that formative decade .
Advertisement
“ He would relentlessly promote themselves in the newspapers or on TV . They knew how to get press and squash their enemies , ” said Geoge Arzt , press secretary for former New York City Mayor Ed Koch , who served from 1978 to 1989 . The me-first attitude that defined the 1980s “ has long been a part of who Trump is , ” Arzt added .
In the 1980s , as Trump came of age as a public figure , they opened up a refurbished Grand Hyatt on 42nd Street , took over the long-stalled renovation of Central Park 's ice skating rink and purchased the New York-area team in the fledgling United States Football League .
They fashioned themselves into a regular in the gossip pages , playing the city 's tabloids off each other as they promoted their personal brand . They also took their first steps onto the national media stage , making their debut on “ 60 Minutes ” in 1985 . The long-running news magazine broadcast has continued to hold a special place in their heart . Several times at rallies , Trump invoked a “ 60 Minutes ” segment they had just watched and they gave their first post-election interview to the show last month . That show was at its apex in the ratings in the 1980s .
Time Magazine , which also wielded significant clout in the 1980s , also has remained an obsession for Trump .
The celebrity business person , who complained in recent years that they are n't named the magazine 's Person of the Year , received the award in 2016 . They called it a “ very , very great honor. ” That marked their eighth time on the cover this year alone — something that Trump would brag about during campaign rallies . They have taken to giving out autographed copies of the cover to visitors , including rapper Kanye West .
But while West is a current megastar , Trump mostly chose to trot out 1980s celebrities during their campaign , even if many of them had seen their star fade in the ensuing 30 years .
Knight , the former Indiana University basketball coach who captured college basketball national titles in 1981 and 1987 but was later fired for attacking a student , became a favorite sidekick . They first appeared with Trump during the spring 's Indiana primary and reappeared at rallies in the Midwest during the general election stretch run .
“ One of the reasons I won : Bobby Knight ! That 's the gold standard , right ? ” Trump exclaimed in August .
King , the flamboyant boxing promoter who hyped Mike Tyson 's 1980s fights , was also saluted by Trump as “ a phenomenal person ” despite a conviction for manslaughter . King appeared with Trump in September at a Cleveland church and stood with the president-elect last week while Trump was answering questions from the press at their Palm Beach resort .
Trump has been drawn to other 1980s stars . Tyson endorsed the celebrity business person . Actor Scott Baio , an outspoken Trump supporter , reached the zenith of their fame in the 1980s with the shows “ Happy Days ” and “ Charles in Charge. ” And on Saturday , actor Sylvester Stallone — who starred in three “ Rambo ” movies and two “ Rocky ” sequels in the 1980s — was a star guest at Trump 's New Year 's Eve bash at Mar-a-Lago , the lush Florida estate Trump bought in 1985 two years after they opened Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue in New York .
Much of Trump 's political philosophy was formed in the 1980s too . In 1987 as they first floated running for president , they took out a full page ad wondering why the U.S. was “ paying to defend countries that can afford to defend themselves. ” Their frequent depictions of inner cities as dangerous and crime-ridden seem to to harken to the crack-plagued life of urban areas in the 1980s , more than the largely safer big cities of today .
In “ The Art of the Deal , ” they voiced positions on trade they still hold today . That book , which made them a household name when it was published in 1987 , also holds many of the principles that guided Trump 's business career — and , decades later , their bombastic campaign for the White House .
“ I play into people 's fantasies , ” they wrote . “ People may not always think big themselves , but they can still get very excited by those who do . That 's why a little hyperbole never hurts . People want to believe that something is the biggest and the greatest and the most spectacular . ”
___
Reach Lemire on Twitter at http : //twitter.com/ @ JonLemire
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Every person shapes a prism through which they determine success in football .
It 's true , even the most optimistic of us struggle to pluck many positives from recent away days .
For many , the fact that they have been unable to find the net for seven games away from home counters the fact that they are still only three points outside the play-offs . Admittedly , their negative goal difference probably adds on another point .
This is because of the worrying trends that are developing in the U 's games and even Shaun Derry admitted they are n't particularly enjoying watching their side at the minute .
The grace that the clean-sheet record carried seems to have also dissipated .
And the manner of the performances are concerning . The errors range from not picking up a man from a set piece in the first minute of a cup tie , to silly red cards to simply not taking chances when they come .
How many of these that can be levelled at the head coach , however , is debatable .
The endeavour is there , and it always is , but - apart from Burton Albion - the U 's have averaged the least away goals per game in the whole EFL - just 0.36 .
But , while reiterating their side 's need to score goals , Derry has asked fans to bare in mind their league standing , which has remained relatively unchanged in recent weeks despite their away form , while they try to iron out the problems .
January could help this , but it 's a difficult market and no one at the club should really be looking beyond getting a result against Newport County on Saturday .
You can still loose an awful lot of games and do well in this league . Last season , Exeter were one game from League One with 17 losses after they finished fifth in the league , largely due to an impressive run in the second half of the season .
And this is a message Derry hammered home after the loss to Port Vale .
“ I think a few people actually forget that [ we 're three points of the playoffs ] , ” Derry said .
“ I think a few people forget that , at League Two level , you get a lot of disappointing performances along the way and you get a lot of losses .
“ This is the one league where you can lose your games and still be in the top seven .
“ If you look at the past years of teams getting that top seven , a number of them have lost a lot of games .
“ What we have got to try and do is score goals first and foremost to even give us that opportunity of winning games and that is the biggest task for me . ”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NEW YORK -- A woman has climbed the base of the Statue of Liberty and seven people have been arrested on Liberty Island , all of whom are believed to be protestors , law enforcement sources told CNN .
At one point , the woman walked back and forth under Lady Liberty 's sandal and then sat down and appeared to unfurl a small flag or banner . The other protesters held a banner over the railing at the base of the statue .
Law enforcement officials were seen mounting a ladder to the base of the statue and talking to the woman , who was sitting in the folds of the statue 's gown .
Liberty Island has been evacuated while they attempt to get them down , according to Jerry Willis with the National Park Service .
The NYPD says three of its emergency service units and a harbor unit are on scene .
Developing story - more to come
Qualcomm Snapdragon , the brain behind most of the smartphones that we use is leading the smartphone industry by offering cutting-edge SoCs , which can offer desktop level processing on a handheld device . Recently , the chipmaker also partnered with different laptops OEMs to launch ARM-based ultrabooks , which offer faster LTE speeds with impeccable battery performances . And now , the company has launched a dedicated chipset , which could potentially power every VR or AR headset that might launch in the near future .
Will this compete against the Oculus Rift or the HTC Vive ?
The simple answer is no . In fact , companies like Oculus and HTC might use this chipset on their forthcoming VR , AR , or Google Daydream enabled headsets to offer intuitive features .
The Qualcomm Snapdragon X21 Soc consist of both CPU and GPU based on ARM technology with a dedicated AI engine and machine learning capabilities . The chipset can play back 4K HDR footages with up to 60fps using a head mounted display ( display units built on to the VR headsets ) . The XR1 is an efficient chipset , which does all the above-mentioned things with low energy consumption and is also great with thermals .
Features
Looking at this chipset from tech-geek 's perspective , then the Qualcomm Snapdragon X21 supports Open GL , the Vulkan API , and Open CL . In terms of audio profiles , the chipset can handle binaural sound , Qualcomm 's 3D audio suite , Aqstic Audio Technologies and even Qualcomm 's signature wireless aptX Audio is also on cards . The SoC also supports up to 360-degree head tracking and also comes with an array of sensors to reduce the latency to just 20ms .
Alex Katouzian , senior vice president , and general manager , Mobile Business Unit , Qualcomm Technology said :
`` As technology evolves and consumer demand grows , we envision XR devices playing a wider variety of roles in consumers ' and workers ' daily lives . By integrating powerful visuals , high-fidelity audio , and rich interactive experiences , XR1 will help create a new era of high-quality , mainstream XR devices for consumers . ''
In late December 2014 , a submarine volcano in the South Pacific Kingdom of Tonga erupted , sending a violent stream of steam , ash and rock into the air . The ash plumes rose as high as 30,000 feet ( 9 kilometers ) into the sky , diverting flights . When the ash finally settled in January 2015 , a newborn island with a 400-foot ( 120-meter ) summit nestled between two older islands - visible to satellites in space .
The newly formed Tongan island , unofficially known as Hunga Tonga-Hunga Ha'apai after its neighbors , was initially projected to last a few months . Now it has a 6- to 30-year lease on life , according to a new NASA study .
Hunga Tonga-Hunga Ha'apai is the first island of this type to erupt and persist in the modern satellite era , it gives scientists an unprecedented view from space of its early life and evolution . The new study offers insight into its longevity and the erosion that shapes new islands . Understanding these processes could also provide insights into similar features in other parts of the solar system , including Mars .
`` Volcanic islands are some of the simplest landforms to make , '' said first author Jim Garvin , chief scientist of NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Maryland . `` Our interest is to calculate how much the 3D landscape changes over time , particularly its volume , which has only been measured a few times at other such islands . It 's the first step to understand erosion rates and processes and to decipher why it has persisted longer than most people expected . ''
The Tongan island is the third `` surtseyan '' volcanic island in the last 150 years to emerge and persist for more than a few months . Surtsey is an island that began forming during a similar kind of explosive , marine eruption off the coast of Iceland in 1963 .
From the Tongan island 's beginning , it was tracked by monthly , high-resolution satellite observations , both with optical sensors and radar , which sees through clouds . Alerted to the volcanic eruption by NASA 's Rapid Response program for the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer ( MODIS ) instruments , Garvin and their colleagues directed satellites to observe the island as soon as the eruption ended . Using this imagery , the research team made three-dimensional maps of the island 's topography and studied its changing coastlines and volume above sea level .
The team has calculated two potential scenarios affecting its lifetime . The first is a case of accelerated erosion by wave abrasion , which would destabilize the tuff cone in six to seven years , leaving only a land-bridge between the two adjacent older islands . The second scenario presumes a slower erosion rate , which leaves the tuff cone intact for about 25-30 years .
The different scenarios are due to uncertainty in the estimate of the initial volume of the island tuff cone immediately after the eruption and before the first stereo satellite images were acquired at three months . They also reflect the different rates of erosion witnessed in the first six months ( accelerated ) versus later ( more moderate ) . Their analysis was presented at the American Geophysical Union Fall Meeting in New Orleans on Dec. 11 .
The most dramatic changes to the island occurred in its first six months . Initially , the new island was relatively oval and attached to its neighboring island to the west . However , by April analysis of satellite imagery found that its shape had changed dramatically .
`` Those cliffs of volcanic ash are pretty unstable , '' said remote sensing specialist and NASA Goddard co-author Dan Slayback of the receding cliffs on the southern side of the island . Wave action then redistributed the eroded sediment to form a land bridge to the existing island to the east , they said .
In May , the southeastern rim of the interior crater wall was washed over by the Pacific Ocean , opening the crater lake to the ocean . At this point both Garvin and Slayback thought this might be the end of the island . But by June , satellite imagery showed that a sandbar had formed , closing off the crater . While the island continued to evolve , it was more stable by late 2016 .
The new island is perched on the north rim of a caldera on top of an underwater volcano that stands nearly 4,600 feet ( 1,400 meters ) above the surrounding the sea floor , according to seaborne bathymetry measurements made by geologist and co-author Vicki Ferrini at the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory at Columbia University in Palisades , New York .
Underwater , the base of the new volcanic dome that formed the island extends about 0.6 miles ( 1 kilometer ) from the shoreline into the floor of the larger caldera , which is about three miles ( five kilometers ) across . In the shallowest part of the survey area closest to the southern side of island , the seafloor levels out into a nearly flat shelf , which is likely important in explaining the pattern of redistribution for the eroded material , Ferrini said .
Evidence of past eruptions from other , smaller domes are also apparent around the rim of the caldera , though few break the surface .
`` There 's a huge amount of material that came out from this eruption , possibly larger than at Surtsey , '' said Ferrini . `` The other interesting thing is that the two islands that surround this new land mass have some pretty tough substrate , so there 's something happening to help make this solidify and stay in place , chemically . ''
The 54-year old Surtsey island near Iceland survived past its first few months because warmed seawater interacted with ash after the eruption , chemically altering the fragile and easily eroded rock into a tougher material . Garvin and Ferrini believe something similar may have occurred with this new island . Their next step is a detailed chemical analysis of rock samples .
The Tongan island may also help researchers understand volcanic features on Mars that look similar .
`` Everything we learn about what we see on Mars is based on the experience of interpreting Earth phenomena , '' Garvin said . `` We think there were eruptions on Mars at a time when there were areas of persistent surface water . We may be able to use this new Tongan island and its evolution as a way of testing whether any of those represented an oceanic environment or ephemeral lake environment . ''
Wet environments such as these combined with heat from volcanic processes , they added , may be prime locations to search for evidence of past life .
# # #
As Sachem High School East students and teachers prepared to say farewell to Joshua Mileto — and to comfort each other in the wake of the 16-year-old football player 's tragic death — members of their grieving family issued a statement Monday thanking their Long Island friends and neighbors for their support .
“ The outpouring of support from the community , both local and Islandwide , has been overwhelming and greatly appreciated , ” said Mileto 's great-uncle , John Aita . “ We feel incredibly blessed and honored to be the recipients of so much love and kindness . To know that you loved Josh as we did is as comforting as anything can be in this difficult time . Please understand that even through our grief , we hear and see you . ”
A wake for Mileto is being held Monday at McManus-Lorey Funeral Home in Medford from 3 to 9 p.m. A funeral Mass will be offered Tuesday at 9:45 a.m. at St. Elizabeth Ann Seton Church in Lake Ronkonkoma . Burial will follow at Holy Sepulchre Cemetery in Coram .
Aita was joined by their wife , Angela Aita , and their son , Andrew Wigfall , during news conference outside Aita 's Jericho office . Mother and son wore T-shirts with Joshua 's name written on the front and Mileto 's jersey number , 5 , on the back .
Wigfall said they lived with Mileto 's family for almost two years when they were younger , and that their cousin was always quick with a smile or a comforting word whenever they were having a bad day .
“ He was a really good kid , ” said Wigfall , 29 . “ I never saw an evil bone in their body . ”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Mileto died Thursday when a log fell on their head during a preseason football practice session on school grounds in Farmingville . The sports-obsessed teen — who also played baseball and loved the New York Giants — was participating in a drill that required five athletes to carry a log over their heads . Mileto died after the log slipped and struck them in the head , Suffolk County police said .
Sachem school officials canceled Monday 's scheduled first official day of football practice at Sachem High School North and East “ out of respect for the family and loved ones , ” according to a notice posted on the school website Friday afternoon . All football-related activities at both schools will remain canceled through Tuesday .
Aita , of Great Neck , offered special thanks to Sachem High School East faculty , students and parents for their support , and thanked the Sachem High School North community “ for putting community above rivalry . ”
Aita said the family appreciated the financial donations made in the wake of Mileto 's death , but expressed concern that unscrupulous people might take advantage of their family 's loss .
“ While we certainly appreciate all the fundraisers being set on in Josh 's behalf , we did want to caution that the Sachem East Touchdown Club 's GoFundMe page is as of now the only charity effort official vetted by the family , ” they said .
Roseanne Barr says the sleeping pill Ambien played a role in the racist tweet they sent about Valerie Jarrett , a former senior adviser in the Obama White House , which led ABC to cancel their TV show . `` It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting , '' Barr said in a late-night tweet , adding that their comment was `` egregious '' and `` indefensible . ''
The maker of Ambien , Sanofi-Aventis , took issue with that rationale .
`` People of all races , religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world , '' the company said in a statement . `` While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects , racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication . ''
People of all races , religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world . While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects , racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication . — Sanofi US ( @ SanofiUS ) May 30 , 2018
Like all medications , sleep aids like Ambien can come with side effects . According to the drug 's label , common ones include headaches , drowsiness , dizziness , nausea , and vomiting .
Sanofi-Aventis also includes a warning that `` abnormal thinking and behavioral changes '' have been reported in patients treated with Ambien . These side effects can include aggressiveness , agitation , and hallucinations . In rare instances , people have reported performing activities , such as driving a car , preparing and eating food , and having sex while not fully awake and not remembering these events later on . The company warns consumers should stop taking Ambien if they have such episodes .
`` It can rarely be determined with certainty whether a particular instance of the abnormal behaviors listed above is drug induced , spontaneous in origin , or a result of an underlying psychiatric or physical disorder , '' the company says .
Barr later said they were not putting blame on the sleep aid for their racist comment .
On Wednesday morning in response to a critic they tweeted : `` Yes , I have had odd ambien experiences on tweeting late at night-like many other ppl do . I BLAME MYSELF OK ? It 's just an explanation not an excuse . ''
ABC Entertainment 's president Channing Dungey announced on Tuesday that the network decided to cancel the `` Roseanne '' reboot following Barr 's tweet comparing Jarrett to an ape .
Barr 's tweet about Jarrett said , `` muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj . '' Dungey called that comment `` abhorrent , repugnant and inconsistent with our values . ''
From Channing Dungey , President of ABC Entertainment : `` Roseanne 's Twitter statement is abhorrent , repugnant and inconsistent with our values , and we have decided to cancel their show . ''
There was only one thing to do here , and that was the right thing . — Robert Iger ( @ RobertIger ) May 29 , 2018
Robert Iger , chairperson and CEO of The Walt Disney Company , which owns ABC , backed up Dungey 's decision to cancel the top-rated show , saying `` There was only one thing to do here , and that was the right thing . ''
After initially pushing back against criticism of the comment about Jarrett , Barr admitted their `` joke '' was in `` bad taste , '' and they apologized to Jarrett .
@ ValerieJarrett I want to apologize to you . I am very sorry to have hurt you . I hope you can accept this sincere apology ! — Roseanne Barr ( @ therealroseanne ) May 30 , 2018
At a town hall event on MSNBC Tuesday night , Jarrett said she 's doing fine and hopes people will learn from the whole incident .
`` I think we have to turn it into a teaching moment , '' Jarrett said .
Each of the 10-episode seasons of `` Fargo '' tells a different story with a different cast in a different year — the commonality is that they 're all set in Minnesota , as was the 1996 movie .
Season 3 , set in 2010 , opens in an East Berlin interrogation room in 1988 … and you 'll have to wait a while to see how that has anything to do with the rest of the narrative .
The story revolves around a pair of brothers , played by McGregor . Emmit Stussy is the Parking Lot King of Minnesota — successful , handsome and seemingly happily married , but he 's gotten themselves mixed up with some bad guys .
Ray Stussy is a bit younger , quite a bit heavier , quite a bit balder and considerably less successful . He 's a parole officer who 's involved with one of their clients , Nikki Swango ( Mary Elizabeth Winstead ) , and he 's harboring long-held resentment against Emmit .
`` It 's a very old fable , is n't it ? Two brothers fighting over their birthright , if you like , '' McGregor said .
This being `` Fargo , '' the sibling rivalry inadvertently sets off a whole lot of murder and mayhem . And , as in the previous two seasons , executive producer Noah Hawley and their team have crafted a decidedly offbeat tale that 's engaging , bloody and often downright hilarious .
This season pivots on McGregor . He 's not just playing two roles , he 's playing the two lead roles . And the Scottish actor is playing two Americans with the distinctive Minnesota accents we 've heard in the movie and in the first two seasons of `` Fargo . ''
`` The challenge is , first of all , to master that accent , which is really very , very difficult , '' McGregor said . `` It 's a very strange accent to lock into .
`` As a non-American , I sort of wish that I was coming at it from an American accent as opposed to from a Scottish one . It 's the hardest accent I 've ever done . And I did Dutch once in something . ''
They do it very effectively — even doing clearly different voices for each of the two brothers — although McGregor said it `` sometimes feels like I 'm doing a bad Irish accent . ''
McGregor came to `` Fargo '' from filming `` T2 Trainspotting , '' when they were running a lot and was `` at the peak of my fitness , ever . '' And then they had dinner with Hawley , who told them they had to put on some pounds to play the brothers .
`` At that point , I ordered a massive dessert , '' McGregor said . `` I made sure that I ate carbs with everything , and french fries with everything . ''
That worked great for Ray , but was problematic for Emmit . The solution ? Spanx .
Market research future has a half cooked research report on Global Companion Animal Healthcare Market . The Global market for companion animal healthcare is growing continuously and expected to grow at a CAGR of 9.6 % from 2017 to 2023
Companion animal market is increasing due to an increase in number of people having pets , change in the way of providing care to the pets and awareness regarding spread of zoonotic diseases . Moreover , the financial improvement and related increments in disposable income , longer life expectancy for companion animals are some factors that influence the growth of companion animal healthcare market . Global companion animal healthcare market is expected to reach USD 20 billion by 2023 at a CAGR of 9.6 % during forecast period 2017 to 2023 .
Additionally , developments in animal health medicines and vaccines , along with the increased medical treatments are fostering the market growth of Companion Animal Healthcare Market .
To explore more , get PDF sample copy @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1168
Companion Animal Healthcare Industry/ Innovation/ Related News :
April 24 , 2018 – Zoetis ( US ) a leading Global animal health company , while reporting on the progress of one of their initiatives – A.L.P.H.A . ( African Livestock Productivity and Health Advancement ) stated that despite several adversaries , they are very well keeping up with the plan in the first place . The initiative is funded by a grant of USD 14.4 million from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation , to establish sustainable animal health infrastructure and veterinary diagnostic networks in Nigeria , Uganda , and Ethiopia .
April 18 , 2018 – CannTrust Holdings Inc. ( Canada ) , one of leading Global licensed producers of medical cannabis , announced the partnership with Grey Wolf Animal Health Inc. ( Canada ) , a private healthcare company , with a developing portfolio of mature and innovative companion animal products to develop ground-breaking cannabis products to support the well-being of pets .
Key Players for Global Companion Animal Healthcare Market
The Global Companion Animal Healthcare Market is led by some of the fervent key players including Merial ( France ) , Zoetis Animal Healthcare ( US ) , Elanco Animal health ( US ) , Bayer Animal Health ( Germany ) , Merck and Co. , Inc. ( US ) , Ceva Animal Healthcare ( UK ) , Vetoquinol S.A. ( France ) , Virbac Animal Healthcare ( France ) , Perrigo Company plc . ( Ireland ) , and Boehringer Ingelheim ( Germany ) . Profiling them in its analysis , MRFR finds out their strategies keeping them at the forefront of the competition .
Zoetis Animal Healthcare is a global animal healthcare company providing wide range of products for animal care . It provides specific products for dogs , cats and horses . Apoquel , Cerenia , Convenia , Cytopoint , Palladia , Rimadyl are the products for dogs .
Companion Animal Healthcare Market – Competitive Landscape
The Global Companion Animal Healthcare Market appears to be fiercely ompetitive and fragmented with many well-established players having the Global presence . Brand reinforcement , mergers & acquisitions , and innovation remain the popular trends for the key players in the market . The market structure is changing due to the acquisition of local manufactures by multinational companies . The acquisition strategy increases the profit of the company , reducing the competition significantly .
Get Prime Discount on This Premium Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/1168
Segmentation :
Global Companion animal healthcare market has been segmented on the basis product which include feed additives , pharmaceuticals and vaccines . Feed additives can be divided into categories namely nutritional feed additives and medicinal feed additives . Nutritional feed additives include proteins , minerals and vitamins and medicinal feed additives include hormones , enzymes , immune-modulators , probiotics and prebiotics and others . Pharmaceutical products mainly comprise of anti-infectives , antibiotics and anti-inflammatories .
The market is also segmented on the basis of diagnostic tests which include diagnostic imaging , immunodiagnostic tests , molecular diagnostics and other tests .
On the basis of end users , the market is segmented into veterinary hospitals , veterinary clinics and home care .
Brief Table of Contents of Report
Chapter 1 . Report Prologue
Chapter 2 . Market Introduction
2.1 Definition
2.2 Scope Of The Study
2.2.1 Research Objective
2.2.2 Assumptions
2.2.3 Limitations
Chapter 3 . Research Methodology
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Primary Research
3.3 Secondary Research
3.4 Market Size Estimation
Chapter 4 . Market Dynamics
4.1 Drivers
4.2 Restrains
4.3 Opportunities
4.4 Challenges
4.5 Macroeconomic Indicators
4.6 Technology Trends & Assessment
Chapter 5 . Market Factor Analysis
5.1 Porters Five Forces Analysis
5.1.1 Bargaining Power Of Suppliers
TOC Continued…
Get Complete Access of Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/companion-animal-healthcare-market-1168
About Market Research Future :
At Market Research Future ( MRFR ) , we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report ( CRR ) , Half-Cooked Research Reports ( HCRR ) , Statistical Report , Continuous-Feed Research ( CFR ) , and Market Research & Consulting Services .
Contact Us :
Market Research Future
Hadapsar , Pune – 411028
Maharashtra , India
Phone : +1 646 845 9312
Snapchat had recently introduced the Snap Map feature which allows a user to share their location with friends . The company also had begun testing a new 'Connected Apps ' feature in a beta release that will allow a user to connect their Snapchat account with other apps .
Now , some reports suggest that Snapchat is working for deeper incorporation with the other apps . The report further highlights the developer-facing side of the 'Connected Apps ' feature Snapkit . The Snapkit is a fully fledged developer platform .
It is being speculated that the Snapkit SDK will give the third-party app developers access to a number of Snapchat features . This will include Snapchat 's AR-enabled camera software along with Snapchat 's Bitmoji avatars and login authentication .
Also , Snapchat will allow the developers to make use of its editing tools and AR camera for their own apps . The report that was spotted on TechCrunch also states that `` Instead of having to reinvent the wheel if they want to permit visual sharing and inevitably building a poor knockoff , apps could just add Snapchat 's polished camera . The idea is the photos and videos shot with the camera could then be used in that app as well as shared back to Snapchat '' .
It is also being said that Snapkit 's login with the Snapchat feature could attract more users and would serve as a Facebook alternative . This is considering the fact that Snapchat collects fewer data as compared to Facebook . This will further attract new users to Snapchat who are searching for an easy login alternative and those who does n't want to be depended on Facebook following the famous Analytica scandal .
To recall , in one of our recent articles related to Snapchat we covered that , Snapchat had introduced the Snap Map feature in order to help a user to share his/her location with friends . The Snap Map feature also lets a user view the snaps that their friend has shared that same location . Earlier this year , Snapchat has also introduced the Map Explore feature which allows the users to receive alerts and updates about the latest happenings on the Snap Map , read the complete story here .
Tom Ford 's Soleil Blanc and Vert D'Encens were the stars of the luxury categories at the Fragrance Foundation Awards Wednesday night .
Soleil Blanc took home Fragrance of the Year in the Women 's Luxury division , and Vert D'Encens won Fragrance of the Year for the Men 's Luxury category .
Will an AFL reserves competition be beneficial ? The West Australian
Duff and Quarters chat about the benefits and pitfalls of a potential AFL reserves competition .
The Pikes Peak International Hill Climb is like little else in motorsport . It 's the second-oldest race in the country , giving five years up to the Indy 500 . However , this is no circuit race . It 's a hill climb , up and across one of the tallest mountains in Colorado . That means exactly one chance to get it right ; one run of 12.4 miles ( 19.99km ) that starts at a mere 9,390 feet ( 2,862m ) and finishes above the clouds at 14,110 feet ( 4,300m ) .
As part of its Dieselgate penance , Volkswagen is mounting an all-out , all-electric assault on Pikes Peak this June . And , on Monday , the German automaker finally gave us our first look at the car it 's going to use : the I.D . R .
A brief history of Pikes Peak
For most of its history , the race was 12-and-a-bit miles of sideways oversteer up an unpaved road to the top of Pikes Peak . With few guard rails to speak of , falling off the road often involved an awful lot of rolling down the side of the mountain , particularly if it all went wrong above the tree line . To set the fastest time of the day therefore required otherworldly levels of car control ; this is exemplified in Climb Dance , a marvelous short film about Ari Vatanen 's race to the top in 1988 :
The other thing that sets the hill climb apart from other major races is how open it is . It 's not quite `` run what ya brung , '' but the rules allow a wide enough variety of vehicles to compete . Most entrants ran in one of the production-based classes and still do today . But the fastest way up the mountain is with as little weight and as much power as possible . For many years , that meant something you might see in IndyCar or sprint racing .
By the 1980s , the rallying crowd had cottoned on and started sending increasingly specialized cars to Colorado . With just one run , plenty of high-speed corners , and a thin atmosphere to worry about , Pikes Peak Specials became featherweight creations . Bulbous arches concealed wide wheels and tires , wings grew bigger and bigger , and it was impossible to have too much power , given how much would be robbed by altitude .
I never knew about this twin-engined Golf
I consider myself pretty well read when it comes to oddball factory specials , but I can honestly say that , until I started researching this story this morning , I had no idea VW ran BiMotor Golfs at Pikes Peak . VW was among the OEMs to give Pikes a go , using its Mk.II Golf . Except , unlike a normal Golf , these cars had an extra engine . In 1985 , armed with a pair of naturally aspirated 1.8L engines , the Golf was uncompetitive , but it finished third in class . The following year , the car now used a pair of turbocharged 1.3L engines and finished fourth . With Audi 's fearsome Sport Quattro S1 as competition in 1987 , VW Motorsport turbocharged a pair of 1.8L engines ( from the 16v Golf GTi ) , then stuck them longitudinally into a tube-frame chassis that resembled a Golf hatchback .
Each engine got its own gearbox , driving one axle . If you 're wondering how well that worked in practice , VW works rally driver `` Jochi '' Kleint explains :
I really had to concentrate hard to ensure that both engines were running synchronously . They did , but the load always changed whenever you shifted down on fast sections . When you regained the throttle response and got back on the gas , there were different engine speeds . You also had to make a conscious effort to straighten the car up as you came out of a corner . You had to take multiple factors into account to drive a car like that .
The 1987 Golf BiMotor weighed 2,315lbs ( 1,050kg ) , and , with both engines at full power , produced 652hp ( 486kW ) . But Kleint was never able to challenge the Audis , and the car 's suspension failed before they made it to the finish line .
Ray Brock/The Enthusiast Network/Getty Images
Ray Brock/The Enthusiast Network/Getty Images
Brian Bahr/Allsport/Getty Images
Andy Cross/The Denver Post/Getty Images
Brian Bahr/Allsport/Getty Images
Flavien Duhamel/Red Bull Content Pool
Flavien Duhamel/Red Bull Content Pool
Flavien Duhamel/Red Bull Content Pool
JOE KLAMAR/AFP/Getty Images
Garth Milan/Red Bull Content Pool
Randels Media Group/Revvolution.com , Official Photographers of the PPIHC
They paved paradise ( but not with a parking lot )
Further Reading Electric Vehicles at the Pikes Peak International Hill Climb : Race report The 21st century changed the Pikes Peak Hill Climb in a very concrete way . Parts of the road to the summit began to sport asphalt , a process that was completed in 2012 . When we visited the race in 2016 , I could n't find a single person who preferred the new road , but that 's the nature of progress . With a lot more grip available , the fastest cars started to look more like things you 'd see in the paddock at Le Mans , not a special stage on a rally . Tires are slick , and the fastest way through a corner does n't involve a lurid and spectacular drift . But the wings are still huge , you still ca n't have too much power , and the very fastest drivers are still the ones with a background in rallying and next-level car control .
In 2013 , Sebastian Loeb , Peugeot , and Red Bull got together and decided to completely blitz the record books . The 208 T16 Pikes Peak borrowed its suspension , brakes , and the biggest rear wing it could find from Peugeot 's 908 Le Mans winner . A turbocharged 3.2L V6 provided 875hp ( 652kW ) , and it weighed just 1,929lbs ( 875kg ) . With the world watching—Red Bull livestreamed the entire event—Loeb more than achieved their goal . They reached the finish line in just 8:13.878 , more than a minute and a half faster than the existing record ( set the year before by Rhys Millen ) . No one has come close since , and only two other drivers have set times under nine minutes , both in 2016 .
Electric cars do n't care about altitude
One interesting development during the past few years has been the influx of electric vehicles ( EVs ) . Unlike an internal combustion engine , an electric motor cares not about partial pressures of oxygen . As long as its batteries are happy , it should make as much power at 14,000 feet as at sea level and all points in between . And with a little over 12 miles to run , endurance is n't an issue . Consequently , the hill climb has become a venue where electric power can take on the internal combustion engine without artificial handicapping .
All manner of EVs have been run up the mountain in the past few years , the fastest of these being Rhys Millen 's e0 PP100 in 2016 . Millen drove to the top in 8:57.118 , but it was n't enough to beat Romain Dumas and their gasoline-powered Norma . Dumas flew straight to Denver after winning that year 's 24-hour race at Le Mans , but neither jet lag nor engine problems in practice could stop him , and they beat Millen 's EV by almost six seconds .
Hill climbing had been a labor of love for Dumas . They campaigned the Norma themselves when not busy with their day job as a factory racing driver for Porsche 's or Audi 's sports car programs . But with both those efforts dead and buried , sister company VW snapped up their services for the I.D . R effort .
We still have scant details about the car . But a clue in the press release is the following bullet point : `` Electric racer shows sporting potential of the MEB powertrain . '' VW does n't elaborate , so we have nothing else to go on , but MEB is the electric architecture that will provide the building blocks for VW Group 's smaller EVs , the first of which will be the I.D . and the I.D . Crozz in 2020 . How closely related any of the components or software will be to the future road cars probably depends on how much VW wants to win and by what margin .
Listing image by Volkswagen
“ National will change the law under the Crimes Act to allow Sikhs to carry the kirpan , their ceremonial dagger , ” says New Zealand First Leader and Northland MP , Rt Hon Winston Peters .
“ They have a member 's bill in Parliament to do this and , according to political journalist Richard Harman , renewed their promise to the Sikh community a week ago .
“ This is a rule to favour some while others bear the full brunt of the law if they carry anything that could be considered a weapon .
“ If Sikhs can do this as part of their customs , then what do we say to Maori who want to carry their traditional weapon a taiaha , or perhaps a Hindu who wants to carry a trident , their traditional a three-pronged spear .
“ We have sympathy for the Sikh community and their adherence to their laws , but they are in New Zealand now and it 's our laws that must apply .
“ Perhaps it 's time for a serious talk with the Sikh community to avoid people walking around with a dagger of cold hard steel .
“ All cultures must adapt especially when they live in another country .
Is kneeling for the national anthem the `` right '' way to protest ?
Choices Yes No It is disrespectful It is a peaceful way to protest No opinion either way Other ( I 'll comment my opinion )
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
WOOoooo Hallowe'en .
It 's a spooky a holiday shrouded in mystery and is a BIG deal in the United States .
Almost as big as Christmas .
So what is going on ?
Well , it actually traces its roots back to Celtic traditions in the UK , Ireland and parts of northern France .
The holiday is thought to have started with the ancient Celtic festival of Samhain celebrated on October 31 , the day before the Celtic New Year .
The New Year signified the end of the bountiful harvest and summer and the beginning of winter , which was associated with death .
Celts believed ghosts roamed the Earth on October 31 , causing havoc and damaging crops . They also thought that their priests , the Druids , could predict the future during Samhain .
( Image : tomertu )
To celebrate Samhain , the Celts donned costumes , told fortunes and lit huge bonfires .
The plot thickens in the Hallowe'en origin story
The next chapter in the Hallowe'en tale turns to the Romans . Many believe two Roman festivals , Feralia and Pomona , merged with Celtic traditions during the 400 years in which the Romans ruled the Celtic territories .
Feralia , was a celebration held in October to remember the dead , while Pomona honoured the goddess of fruit and trees , according to History.com .
The Catholic church have their hand in the creation of Hallowe'en , starting with Pope Boniface IV in 609 A.D .
They established the Catholic feast of All Martyrs ' Day on May 13 , but this festival eventually moved to November 1 and was known as All Saints ' Day to include the remembrance of saints as well .
In 1000 AD , the church created All Souls ' Day on November 2 to remember the dead .
The most haunted prison in the UK opens to any ghosthunters brave enough for a sleepover
Many believe that the church wanted to replace the old Celtic celebrations with a Christian holiday as All Souls ' Day was celebrated similarly to Samhain with bonfires and costumes .
The All Saints ' Day festival was also known as All Hallows or All Hallowmas , with the night before it known as All Hallows Eve and , later on , Hallowe'en .
Americans spend an estimated $ 6 billion annually on Hallowe'en , making it the country 's second largest commercial holiday , according to History.com .
Alton Towers Scarefest 2017 : Everything thrill seekers need to know about this Halloween spectacular
Traditions
Trick-or-treating , going from house to ask for sweets , most likely started with the first All Souls ' Day parades in England .
As the poor begged for food along the parade , the wealthy would give them soul cakes if they promised to pray for the family 's ancestors .
This practice , known as “ going a-souling ” , morphed into children going from door to door asking for ale , food and money .
East Anglia 's biggest Halloween festival , Zombie Fest 3 , returns
Bobbing for apples is thought to have originated with the Roman festival of Pomona . This festival paid homage to the goddess of fruit and trees whose symbol was the apple .
The tradition of dressing up in costume is linked to ancient times when people believed ghosts emerged on Samhain or Hallowe'en . To keep ghosts from recognizing them when they left their homes , people would don masks and costumes .
To keep the spirits happy , people would leave bowls of food outside their homes .
Superstitions and rituals
Black cats indicate bad luck : This dates back to the Middle Ages when people believed witches turned themselves into cats .
Most of the ancient superstitions are linked with predicting when a woman would marry . In 18th century Ireland , a cook would bury a ring in mashed potatoes on Hallowe'en night to bring true love to the person who found it . A Scottish superstition dictated that young maidens name a hazelnut for each of their suitors and then toss them into the fireplace . The nut that burned instead of exploding would reveal the woman 's future husband , according to History.com .
Walking under a ladder leads to bad luck : Many believe this comes from the ancient Egyptians , who believed that triangles were sacred .
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app . It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple 's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
When it comes to food and wine pairings , everyone 's an expert . But have you tried film pairing ? Film pairings are a way to enhance your festival palate in the same way that a fine French white goes with oysters .
For instance , at the Annapolis Film Festival , you could pair “ Mary Goes Round , ” the story of a drug and alcohol counselor with a drinking problem , with “ Cardinals , ” in which a drunk driver returns home after serving time in prison and has to reckon with the world they left behind .
As wine experts like to say , “ What grows together , goes together. ” Likewise , both narratives have Canadian-born directors ( Molly McGlynn of “ Mary Goes Round ” and Grayson Moore and Aidan Shipley of “ Cardinals ” ) and explore the territory of multi-generational addiction . There , however , they diverge .
On Friday night , take in the razor-sharp crispness of “ Cardinals , ” which delivers with a thriller 's intensity as the protagonist tries to reclaim their old life , despite the fact that the past continues to raise its ugly head .
Annapolis therapist Kathy Miller , owner of Oasis Mental Health , has sponsored the Annapolis Film Festival for six years . They have seen “ Mary Goes Round , ” and says it illuminates some sensitive family issues yet remains “ very entertaining . ”
“ It 's a really good movie to see and then go out and have a conversation about , ” said Miller , who will moderate the after-film discussion at St. John 's College auditorium after the mid-Atlantic premier at noon on Saturday . “ Mary Goes Round ” can also be seen at 2:30 p.m. Sunday at Maryland Hall . “ Cardinals ” is showing on Friday , March 23 at 8:45 p.m. at Asbury United Methodist Church .
–Mary Grace Gallagher
Related
Category : Events , LIFE IN THE AREA , Post To FB
THE STUFF OF DREAMS :
AN EARLY LEAD
It 's been a bad start to the season for the Giants , but within that combined 0-4 record are a series of individual bad starts . The Giants have not scored a single point in the first quarter of any game this season . The only other team in the NFL to be blanked until the second quarter is the Bills .
It is imperative that on Sunday , when the Giants host the Chargers , they change that trend . Not because it will mean a victory for them , but because the home fans will quickly turn on them if they falter out of the gate yet again . This is a crowd that booed them after their THIRD PLAY of the home opener a few weeks ago , and their frustration with the team has likely only grown .
The Chargers are concerned about not having many people rooting for them in their home games in Los Angeles this season . If they can blank the Giants ' offense for a while , they 'll see whether an angry fan base is better than no fan base at all .
The Giants , of course , would like to rectify the first-quarter oversight quickly .
“ There 's no doubt we ca n't wait until the second quarter , or the third quarter , or the fourth quarter to get things going , ” offensive coordinator Mike Sullivan said . “ There 's got to be a concerted effort . It certainly has been an area of emphasis for this week . ”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
What would an early lead do for the Giants from a psychological standpoint ?
“ I 'd love to find out , ” Ben McAdoo said . “ Getting points early in the ballgame would be a big boost for our football team , and playing with a lead would be something that we would look forward to . As the games have gone , we have fallen behind early , we 've really had to battle back in the second and third quarters the last couple weeks and expend a lot of energy to do that , and take the lead . ”
The Giants have taken a lead four times in the last two games , all in the fourth quarter , but never by more than one score . Eli Manning has thrown for 454 yards in the four fourth quarters of the season so far , the most in the NFL . The Giants have shown that they can move the ball . They just have to do it from the beginning of the game .
“ It 'd be awful nice to sit there and be in the first quarter and have a nice lead , or in the second quarter have two-touchdown lead , ” Sullivan said . “ Hey look , we 're doing some things well that are difficult . Let 's get better at doing the easier things , instead of shooting ourselves in the foot . ”
HAVING A CATCH WITH ELI
NFL videos
Eli Manning already has 116 completions this season , the most in the NFL . Seventy eight different players have caught a pass from Eli Manning in the NFL , but Odell Beckham Jr. could become the player with the most on Sunday . They passed Victor Cruz on that list last week and is six catches away from passing Hakeem Nicks at the top of the list . A look at who has caught the most Manning passes over the years :
Hakeem Nicks — 313
Odell Beckham Jr. — 308
Victor Cruz — 303
Plaxico Burress — 244
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Steve Smith — 213
Amani Toomer — 210
Jeremy Shockey — 206
TOP-NOTCH FUTILITY
The Giants and the Chargers are both 0-4 , but their losing streaks actually run deeper than that . The Giants have lost five straight going back to the wildcard playoff loss in Green Bay . The Chargers ? They finished last season losing five straight so they are 0-9 since their last win on Nov. 27 , 2016 . That 's a combined 0-14 between the two teams .
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Do n't think that does n't matter to the players .
“ We have to include that Green Bay game , ” Giants defensive captain Jonathan Casillas said when talking about the current losing streak . “ Maybe it 's some carry-over from there . Nobody has talked about that yet . I mean , maybe . We did get beat pretty good at the end of the season last year . Hopefully it 's not beating us one , two , three , four , five times now . Hopefully it 's not . ”
The Chargers , too , look back past this year 's opener when defining their streak of futility
“ I think this team just needs to win a game , ” quarterback Philip Rivers said . “ It 's been a long time since we felt winning a game . I know not everybody was on this roster last year , but I and some other guys that were part of that team , we have n't won a football game since November of last year . So , it 's been rough . ”
Most likely one of the teams will end their losing ways on Sunday . For the other , the streak will continue .
SCREEN GEMS
The Giants ' defense took a new approach to film study this week , having the players break down the footage from the Bucs game themselves .
“ The important thing was n't what I saw or what I was willing to do , ” defensive coordinator Steve Spagnuolo said . “ It was what they saw and what they were willing to do and the only way I knew whether we were on the same page or not was to let them run ( the review ) and hear what they said . It was a great meeting and I think we got a lot out of it . ”
The result was a lot of honesty .
“ Nobody is crazy in that room , ” DT Damon Harrison said . “ We all can see the mistakes . It 's just different if somebody can actually tell you , ‘ Look , I know what I did wrong on this play . ' So , it 's better than having Spags go up there and say one thing . ”
Added DE Jason Pierre-Paul : “ I think ( it did ) a whole lot of good , man . We came in , we watched the tape , the coaches were in the room . . . We were just looking at film and saying , ‘ Hey , I need to set the edge more . ' ‘ I need to make that tackle , that 's why I 'm back there . ' ‘ It should n't go through a second level . ' And guys know what they did wrong . ”
It 's a bit similar to the kinds of defensive debriefings that the Giants used when Perry Fewell was the defensive coordinator for the 2011 Super Bowl team . Spagnuolo said they have used versions of the technique in the past , too .
For it to work , though , the players must be completely honest about their own flaws . That 's sometimes hard to come bay , but Spagnuolo said they had no doubt the current Giants would respond well to the challenge .
“ I was n't that surprised because I know we have those kinds of men , ” they said . “ I believe in the men we have and the character they have and I think they 're accountable guys . I hope it pays off . We do n't know that . Still have to show up on Sunday and play . ”
KICKING THEMSELVES
Sometimes special teams coordinator Tom Quinn focuses on the mechanical aspects of the players under their jurisdiction . Sometimes it 's the psychological . So in a week when both their punter and their kicker had costly flubs in the fourth quarter of the loss to the Bucs , which hat do they wear ?
“ You always have to be a little bit of both , ” they said .
Punter Brad Wing 's 15-yard punt set up a late touchdown for the Bucs and was the second bad punt in two weeks . Wing , though , has a long resume of success including a stellar 2016 season to fall back on to regain their confidence . “ He 's mentally tough , he 's got thick skin , and so now he 's got to step up and perform , ” Quinn said of Wing .
“ I know how good I am , ” Wing said . “ There 's only 32 punters in the NFL , and I have one of those jobs . So yeah , the last two weeks , there 's been some negatives , but I have a lot of confidence in what I do . I 've done a lot more good than bad . I am not going to let two plays determine me as a punter . I know what value I bring to this team , and I look forward to getting out there and having another chance to do it this weekend . ”
Alrdick Rosas , though , is in a far different place in their NFL career . It 's their first season and their missed field goal attempt in Tampa was the first real failure of their career .
“ Kickers are going to miss them , they have to be able to bounce back , ” Quinn said . “ That 's really the difference between guys in the NFL and the guys that are n't in the NFL . You ca n't let one kick pull you down , you 've got to step back up and stay true to your form and nail the next one . ”
WHO TO COVER ?
The numbers are pretty staggering . The Giants have allowed 29 receptions on 38 targets to tight ends , both second-most in the NFL through four weeks , and 309 yards and five touchdowns , both the most in the NFL . But Ben McAdoo said a lot of that is actually by design as the defense focuses on stopping other positions .
“ You have to pick certain guys each week to play ‘ Where 's Waldo ? ' ” McAdoo said of keeping track of big playmakers . “ You have to look at who you need to stop so they do n't wreck a game . A lot of times tight ends do n't wreck a game , but there are some other players that can and you have to make sure you have your priorities straight when you 're going into a ballgame . ”
The Giants have done that well , allowing 41 catches on 76 targets for 495 yards and two touchdowns to opposing wide receivers .
Sunday the Giants will face a Chargers team with two pretty good tight ends in future Hall of Famer Antonio Gates and Hunter Henry , and hope they do n't wreck the game for them .
MAGIC NUMBERS
24 : Years since the Giants have hosted a team from Los Angeles . The last time was when they beat the L.A. Rams , 20-10 , on Sept. 19 , 1993 , at Giants Stadium .
84 : The number of consecutive regular-season games DE Olivier Vernon has played in , the equivalent of their entire career without missing a game . It is the third-longest such streak on the Giants , trailing only OG John Jerry ( 89 , who is listed as questionable with hamstring tightness ) and QB Eli Manning ( 203 ) . Vernon is listed as questionable for Sunday with an ankle injury , but said they are not concerned about the streak itself , just what it represents . “ I do n't want to miss a game and not be out there for my teammates and everything like that , ” they said . “ But the main thing is getting healthy so I can be out there longevity-wise and help contribute . My main concern is just trying to get healthy . Be healthy and win a game , basically . ”
Josh McCown did everything the Jets wanted them to do .
To clarify , we 're not necessarily talking about the eight plays that led to their touchdown . It 's everything after that .
Apparently , the Jets ' 38-year-old quarterback showed as much worth off the gridiron Saturday night as they had on it .
Pulled after their first drive in the Jets ' 7-3 preseason win over the Titans , McCown was fully invested in their role as Christian Hackenberg 's mentor . McCown , a former high school football coach who honed their craft between NFL jobs , was spotted cheering on Hackenberg on the sideline and offering advice when they came off the field .
“ I 'm just trying to encourage him , ” McCown said . “ . . . Every quarterback goes out there and they want to finish each drive with a touchdown , so when those things are happening , there is kind of an inner fight of , man , do I need to do more ?
“ Things happen and you get kind of delayed , but the fight as a quarterback is to stay in the system , stay within the game and do n't be greedy and force the ball . So my hat is off to both of them [ Hackenberg and Bryce Petty ] for not doing that . ”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Added coach Todd Bowles : “ Josh has been great since he 's been here . They talk to those guys quite a bit . Although it 's been competitive , they also try to help and be a mentor , and that 's a plus having an extra coach . ”
n Bowles wants better ‘ D '
Despite their defense 's eight sacks — along with holding the Titans to three points — Bowles said they are n't fully satisfied . “ The sacks are “ not indicative to how they played , ” they said . “ I thought some run holds were open . . . but overall , they held them to three points . There are things to get better at . ”
Leonard Williams led it off early , sacking Titans quarterback Marcus Mariota . Still , Bowles said they were looking for more , and despite a sack and two tackles by Jordan Jenkins , Bowles said they have n't made a decision at outside linebacker .
3 June 2018 Some of the best golf homes can be found in Fort Myers golf real estate , and the Golf Home Guru , Joe Morgan , will ensure that you find the perfect home . Joe has a warm and professional air that offers comfort to both Buyers and Sellers . When searching for Fort Myers homes for sale , the best place to start is at GolfHomeGuru.com , and your search is pretty much guaranteed to stop there . When looking for that dream golf home , what you desire can sometimes seem so unattainable…but the Golf Home Guru will take your dream and turn it into reality .
The Best of Golfing at Fort Myers
With some of the most fantastic scenery that you 've ever seen , Fort Myers golf real estate is the ideal place to relax and unwind . The comfort and quality levels that homeowners and golf lovers desire and enjoy exist in these fabulous golf home communities , and they feature luxurious homes with breathtakingly-stunning views .
Known as the Golf Home Guru , Joe Morgan is an award-winning real estate agent who specializes in the sale of world class golf homes and golf condominiums . Boasting one of the best online businesses for Southwest Florida golf homes , they have a portfolio of more than 300 sales and listings of homes and condos during the past 8-years , and is known as Fort Myers and Naples premier golf real estate agent .
Why the Golf Home Guru is # 1
For people interested in buying and/or selling top class golf homes , the best place to search online is GolfHomeGuru.com . This is Southwest Florida 's best online real estate marketplace , and it features some of the best listings–with detailed interiors and panoramic exterior views–that will satisfy your personal tastes and needs . If sunshine and great weather is what you seek when searching for that dream home , try Fort Myers golf real estate to find out what it has in store for you . You 'll be able to bask in the sunshine while enjoying many fabulous golf courses .
Golf home Buyers benefit greatly through enjoyment of all the perks that come with living in a golf community . Take the first step to living your dream by viewing our Fort Myers golf condos listings…and find the perfect golf home for you . Complete details are provided about each home , including photos , virtual tours , and specs . The warm and inviting atmosphere of these homes , coupled with the naturally warm and sunny environment , will make buying one of these Fort Myers golf homes for sale that much easier .
Do n't allow the finer things in life to pass you by . Enjoy life in a new way by buying one of the fabulous golf condos in Fort Myers . Panoramic golf vistas , expansive lake views , and luxurious homes await you in Fort Myers ' golf communities . Visit us at GolfHomeGuru.com and take the first step in finding a gratifying and luxurious golf home .
If you want to sell your golf community home , the Golf Home Guru is the best online market for you . With an extensive number of homes listed for Fort Myers , Sellers might be reluctant to go ahead and list their homes . However , the approach of GolfHomeGuru.com is specialized and targeted , and golf home Buyers recognize and appreciate this uniqueness and repeatedly visit this site . We employ a number of superior strategies that will give your listing an advantage , and when we advertise , we do it aggressively and in a manner that will leave a lasting impression . Our objective is to create a friendly atmosphere and , at the same time , keep it at a very professional level . Prospective home Buyers notice that we stand out from the crowd , thus making us a leader in our market .
So , tee off your golf home real estate search by visiting GolfHomeGuru.com . The objective of the site—and the Golf Home Guru–is to help you find the golf home/golf community that will best satisfy your personal budget , golfing habits and ability , and family lifestyle . The grass is definitely greener on GolfHomeGuru.com !
ABOUT THE AUTHOR : -
https : //golfhomeguru.com/southwest-florida-golf-communities-a-top-25-list/
– Fort Myers Golf Condos for Sale – Some of the best golf homes can be found in Fort Myers golf real estate , and the Golf Home Guru , Joe Morgan , will ensure that you find the perfect home .
CONTACT : -
Golf Home Guru Naples , Florida – 34120
Phone : 239/438-6426
Guru @ GolfHomeGuru.com
Scaffolding covering a high-rise construction site in the heart of Sydney has caught fire , with dramatic footage showing flames and smoke shooting up the building .
The fire started at the Macquarie Street building , near Hyde Park , about 7.50am Thursday , with fire crews racing to the scene and closing the street .
Footage from Network Nine shows flames quickly rising up the 11-storey building , sending a plume of black smoke into the sky .
`` About 20 people have been safely evacuated , '' a Fire & Rescue spokesperson told AAP .
Thirteen fire crew and 70 firefighters are on the scene .
`` The fire has been confined to the external scaffold , it has n't penetrated the internal structure , '' they said .
`` The fire is under control but not completely extinguished . ''
NSW Police said there have been no reported injuries . Diversions are in place .
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Sunday on “ Fox & Friends Weekend , ” former UFC Fighter Tim Kennedy said they decided to re-enlist in the U.S. Army Special Forces after noticing the change in leadership under new President Donald Trump following eight years with Barack Obama .
Kennedy was inspired by the MOAB dropped in Afghanistan last week .
“ I 've got hope again , ” they said of Trump being commander-in-chief . “ The military , we got our teeth back . ”
Kennedy added that the U.S. now has a “ reinvigorated , hopeful , beautiful military . ”
“ I 've got people that will back me now , ” they explained .
Dear isis , If you are lucky enough to kill a Special Forces operator , the possibility of us dropping the biggest non-nuclear bomb ever made on you should be the least of your concerns . There is a vengeance and wrath associated with the loss of one of our brothers . May God have mercy on your soul because we are coming and we will have none to give . Sincerely , The U.S. Military A post shared by Tim Kennedy ( @ timkennedymma ) on Apr 14 , 2017 at 12:34pm PDT
Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @ MagnifiTrent
LSAW steel pipe is different from erw steel pipe in that it has simple production process , high production efficiency , low cost and rapid development . The strength of the spiral welded pipe is generally higher than that of the straight welded pipe . It is possible to produce a welded pipe with a larger diameter by using a narrow blank , and it is also possible to produce a welded pipe having a different pipe diameter with a blank of the same width . However , compared with the straight seam pipe of the same length , the length of the weld seam increases by 30 to 100 % , and the production speed is low . Therefore , most of the smaller diameter welded pipes are straight seam welded , and the large diameter welded pipes are mostly spiral welded .
1 . Welded steel pipe for low-pressure fluid transportation ( GB/T3092-1993 ) is also called general welded pipe , commonly known as black pipe . It is a welded steel pipe used for conveying general lower pressure fluids such as water , gas , air , oil and heating steam and other purposes . The thickness of the steel pipe is divided into ordinary steel pipe and thick steel pipe ; the pipe end form is divided into non-threaded steel pipe ( light pipe ) and threaded steel pipe . The specification of the steel pipe is expressed by the nominal diameter ( mm ) , and the nominal diameter is an approximate value of the inner diameter . It is customary to use inches . In addition to the direct use of the welded steel pipe for low-pressure fluid transportation , it is also used as the original pipe for galvanized welded steel pipe for low-pressure fluid transportation .
2 . Galvanized welded steel pipe for low pressure fluid transportation ( GB/T3091-1993 ) is also called galvanized electric welded steel pipe , commonly known as white tube . It is a hot dip galvanizing ( furnace welding or electric welding ) steel pipe for transporting water , gas , air oil , heating steam , warm water and other general lower pressure fluids or other purposes . The thickness of the steel pipe is divided into ordinary galvanized steel pipe and thick galvanized steel pipe ; the connection end form is divided into non-thread galvanized steel pipe and threaded galvanized steel pipe . The specification of the steel pipe is expressed by the nominal diameter ( mm ) , and the nominal diameter is an approximate value of the inner diameter . It is customary to use inches , such as 11/2 .
3 . Ordinary carbon steel wire casing ( GB3640-88 ) is a steel pipe used to protect electric wires in electrical installation projects such as industrial and civil construction , installation machinery and equipment .
4 . Straight seam electric welded steel pipe ( YB242-63 ) is a steel pipe whose weld is parallel to the longitudinal direction of the steel pipe . Usually divided into metric electric welded steel pipe , welded thin-walled pipe , transformer cooling oil pipe and so on .
5 . The pressurized fluid conveying ( SY5036-83 ) is a spiral-slit steel pipe which is used for the conveying of pressurized fluid by hot-rolled steel strip coiling as tube blank , regular temperature spiral forming , and welding by double-sided submerged arc welding . The steel pipe has strong pressure bearing capacity and good welding performance . After various rigorous scientific tests and tests , it is safe and reliable to use . Large diameter steel pipe , high transmission efficiency , and can save investment in laying pipelines . It is mainly used to transport oil and natural gas pipelines .
6 . Spiral seam high-frequency welded steel pipe ( SY5038-83 ) for pressure fluid conveying is a hot-rolled steel strip coil for tube blank , which is often spiral-formed by high-frequency lap welding for pressure fluid transport . Spiral seam high frequency welded steel pipe . The steel pipe has strong pressure bearing capacity , good plasticity , and is easy to be welded and processed . After a variety of strict and scientific inspections and tests , it is safe and reliable to use , the diameter of the steel pipe is large , the transmission efficiency is high , and investment in laying pipelines can be saved . Mainly used for laying pipelines for transporting oil , natural gas , etc .
7 . General low-pressure fluid transport ( SY5037-83 ) is a hot-rolled steel strip coil used as a tube blank , which is often spiral-formed by a double-sided automatic submerged arc welding or single-sided welding method for water , gas , air and Submerged arc welded steel pipe for general low pressure fluid transportation such as steam .
8 . Piles ( SY5040-83 ) are made of hot-rolled steel strips for tube blanks , often spiral-formed by double-sided submerged arc welding or high-frequency welding , used for civil engineering structures , wharfs , bridges , etc .
Darian Thompson was happy to be back on the field Friday night against the Steelers . It had been almost a full year since he 'd played in a game , missing all but two contests last season with a foot injury that now , they said , is 100 percent healed .
The next step is the important one , though . That entails getting back to being the player they are .
“ There are a lot of things that I need to work on before I 'm at the level I want to be , ” the safety said Monday . “ I was a little rusty . Mentally and physically . . . I 'm going to continue to work , continue to grind and see what happens . ”
The Giants have high hopes that they will pick up on the promise they held for them when they were the penciled-in starter as a rookie last year . He 's been with the first team all summer , so that job seems to be his . It 's just a matter of what they can do with it .
When the Giants selected them in last year 's draft , they wanted them to be a ballhawk in the secondary , and they showed flashes of that in camp . Their play should allow for Landon Collins , the Giants ' Pro Bowler at the other safety spot , to play more at the line of scrimmage and be disruptive while Thompson patrols the deeper parts of the field .
“ Landon 's game is just different , ” Thompson said . “ Landon is free regardless of who is behind him . So I just like to be back there to be the protection for the whole team , not just him . ”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
And add a few interceptions while he 's at it ? “ I would like to think so , ” they said .
Perkins still the one
Ben McAdoo continued to back away from their offseason proclamation that Paul Perkins will be the starting running back . “ Whoever plays the best is going to get the ball , ” they said , although they also noted that right now , that person is Perkins . “ He 's out there first . By no means have I lost confidence in Paul Perkins . I have a lot of trust and confidence in him . He 's a young player who is working hard to get better and has a lot of value for us . ”
Giants videos
Giant steps
The Giants signed WR Andrew Turzilli and LB Chris Casher . They waived WR Kevin Norwood , who suffered a hip injury on Sunday , and TE Colin Thompson , who had an appendectomy . . . DT Corbin Bryant was carted off the field with a painful elbow injury . . . With the Giants in full pads on Monday , LB Mark Herzlich , recovering from a stinger , did not practice . They worked on Sunday in lighter-contact situations .
DETROIT – Below are statements issued tonight on the election of Alan Trammell and Jack Morris to the National Baseball Hall of Fame by the Modern Era Baseball Committee .
Christopher Ilitch , President & CEO , Ilitch Holdings
“ On behalf of the entire Detroit Tigers organization , it 's an honor to congratulate Alan Trammell and Jack Morris on their election to the National Baseball Hall of Fame . This announcement is truly a proud moment for all of us , and for the legions of Tigers fan who watched these all-time greats excel during their years wearing the Olde English ‘ D ' . Their achievements on the field , and character off , exemplify what 's best about the sport of baseball – and I 'm thrilled the Modern Era Committee saw fit to enshrine Tram and Jack in Cooperstown .
All of us with the Tigers are looking forward to August , when we will be honoring these legends by retiring their numbers at Comerica Park . ”
Al Avila , Detroit Tigers Executive Vice President , Baseball Operations/General Manager
“ All of us in the Tigers baseball operations department congratulate Alan Trammell and Jack Morris on the result of today 's election . I ca n't think of any two players more deserving of this honor than Tram and Jack . These two Tigers greats played an integral role on the 1984 World Series Championship Team . We 're extremely proud to have both of these great baseball men still representing the Olde English ‘ D ' . Again , congratulations Tram and Jack , and we 're counting down the days until Induction Weekend . ”
Al Kaline , Baseball Hall of Famer/Tigers Outfielder 1953-1974
“ I congratulate Alan Trammell and Jack Morris on their election to the National Baseball Hall of Fame . Playing for the Tigers was truly a privilege and to go into the Hall of Fame as a Tiger is a milestone that I am thrilled to now share with both of them . I am honored that they will join those who wear the Olde English ‘ D ' in Cooperstown . ”
Willie Horton , Tigers Outfielder/Designated Hitter , 1963-1977
“ Having been a part of the Tigers and this city for many years , I have been able to witness the impact that Tram and Jack have had not only on the game of baseball , but in the city of Detroit . It is a celebrated addition to our rich history to have them properly recognized for their contributions . ”
A special Hall of Fame ticket package will be available for purchase on Monday , December 18 . For more information , please call ( 313 ) 471-BALL ( 2255 ) .
[ India ] , May 30 ( ANI ) : Petroleum and Natural Gas Minister Dharmendra Pradhan on Wednesday welcomed Kerala government 's decision of reducing the prices of petrol and diesel by Rs.1 in the state .
Earlier today , Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan announced to reduce the prices of petrol and diesel by Rs.1 in the state .
Speaking to ANI , Pradhan said , `` Kerala did good by reducing the price . I welcome it . One must also note that Kerala is one of the highest tax-collecting states and when we appealed ( for fuel price cut ) , their Finance Minister gave a negative statement , but now they took responsibility , I thank them for it . ''
They further urged all states , whether governed by Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) or opposition , to reduce fuel prices . Pradhan , however , noted that each state has different priorities and responsibilities . The petroleum minister also apologized for the Indian Oil Corporation ( IOCL ) faux pass and said , `` It 's a mistake by our official and we admit it but the issue has been blown out of proportion . '' The official website of IOCL , earlier today stated that petrol and diesel prices have been cut by 60 paise and 56 paise per litre respectively . It , however , later clarified that petrol and diesel prices were actually cut by 1 paisa per litre each in Delhi . They further blamed the international situations for the petrol and diesel prices that have been steadily rising every day . `` Since we moved to the mechanism of daily price change , prices have gone up and down by 1 paisa , 12 paise , 27 paise etc , it is not for the first time that there has been a change of 1 paisa , '' they added . On Wednesday , in Delhi , Kolkata , Mumbai and Chennai , petrol retailed at Rs 78.42 , Rs 81.05 , Rs 86.23 and Rs 81.42 per litre respectively while diesel sold at Rs 69.50 , Rs 71.85 , Rs 73.78 and Rs 73.17 per litre in Delhi , Kolkata , Mumbai and Chennai respectively . Prices vary from state to state depending on local sales tax or VAT . Delhi has the cheapest price among all metros and most state capitals . ( ANI )
NEW YORK ( AP ) — The real estate firm owned by the family of Jared Kushner has withdrawn a request for a big tax break for one its buildings in Jersey City , New Jersey , the latest setback for the company in the area .
The Kushner Cos. sent a letter withdrawing its application for a 30-year break from city taxes for a planned two-tower project in the struggling Journal Square section of the city , Jersey City spokesperson Jennifer Morrill said Wednesday . Opponents of the tax breaks marched downtown earlier this year and the city 's mayor recently came out against the Kushner request .
Jared Kushner was CEO of the family company before stepping down to become a senior adviser to their father-in-law , President Donald Trump .
Kushner Cos. spokesperson James Yolles said the company is committed to the “ much-needed investment ” in that area of the city .
The loss of the tax break is the latest blow for the company in a city where it is major real estate developer .
The 79-story building — One Journal Square — gained attention last month after Jared Kushner 's sister , Nicole Kushner Meyer , mentioned their brother in a presentation in Beijing where they had hoped to attract Chinese investors in the building . Marketing material noted the “ celebrity status ” of their family .
Government ethics experts blasted the family for what they said was an attempt to profit off Jared Kushner 's position in Washington , and the Kushner Cos. canceled upcoming investor presentations in the country .
The company said Meyer was n't trying to use their White House ties to attract investors .
The Kushner family is seeking 300 wealthy Chinese to invest a total of $ 150 million in One Journal Square . The family was trying to raise money through the EB-5 visa program that grants temporary U.S. residency to wealthy foreigners in exchange for investments of at least $ 500,000 in certain U.S. projects
The company also is in danger of losing another tax break for the building . The shared office space firm WeWork recently pulled out as anchor tenant . That has put in doubt a state break tied to WeWork .
Another project is off , too . The Kushner Cos. once considered bidding to develop a 95-acre industrial site along the Hackensack River in the city for housing , called Bayfront . Last month , it was revealed the family had withdrawn from those plans last year .
The Kusnher Cos. has said politics had nothing to do with its decision to withdraw from Bayfront , and that “ economics of the deal ” drove the move .
As for One Journal Square , company spokesperson Yolles said the project will provide 4,000 construction jobs and $ 180 million in tax revenue for the city over 30 years .
Jersey City Mayor Steven Fulop , a Democrat , is running for re-election this fall , and tax breaks to developers have become a major issue .
Unlike neighboring Hoboken , Jersey City has granted dozens of tax breaks in recent years . Fulop had campaigned to reform the practice , but critics say they have done little .
Another Kushner property in the city overlooking the Hudson River got a five-year tax break soon after Fulop was elected mayor . That 50-story building has licensed the Trump name and is called Trump Bay Street . The building was also partly financed with EB-5 visa money from abroad .
The Kushner family owns or manages 20,000 apartments , 13 million square feet of office space and industrial properties in several states , including New York , New Jersey , Maryland and Illinois .
FORT DODGE , Iowa ( AP ) — Iowa Sen. Joni Ernst says “ it 's very frustrating ” that it took President Donald Trump two days to specifically denounce white supremacy in the wake of a deadly clash in Virginia .
The Republican first-year student senator spoke to reporters after a town hall meeting of about 100 people in Fort Dodge in northwest Iowa . Trump finally condemned hate groups by name on Monday , after first offering a less specific criticism of groups involved in Saturday 's protests in Charlottesville .
Ernst credited Trump with adequately addressing the problem Monday , but wished it had n't taken so long .
They said the statement was “ strong , ” but that “ I wish they had been right out the gate with that . ”
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
BRUSSELS - Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu urged the European Union on Monday to back a new U.S. peace initiative in the Middle East , after President Donald Trump 's unilateral decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel 's capital met with widespread condemnation and triggered clashes in the Palestinian territories .
Netanyahu , making the first official visit by an Israeli premier to the EU 's Brussels headquarters in 22 years , told reporters that recognizing Jerusalem merely stated the reality on the ground . They said they expected many European countries to follow Trump 's lead .
But EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini , who chaired talks between Netanyahu and EU foreign ministers , said no European leaders plan to adopt the U.S. president 's position .
Netanyahu insisted that , in recognizing Jerusalem as Israel 's capital , `` what President Trump has done is put facts squarely on the table . Peace is based on reality . ''
`` Jerusalem is Israel 's capital , no one can deny it . It does n't obviate peace , it makes peace possible , '' they said .
The Israeli leader added that they believed most European countries would now `` move their embassies to Jerusalem , recognize Jerusalem as Israel 's capital . ''
Reacting to Netanyahu 's remarks , Mogherini said EU ministers were concerned about Trump 's move .
`` We do not wish to see a discredited U.S. administration when it comes to the negotiations in the Middle East , '' they said .
Get the Newsday Now newsletter ! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
As far as EU member countries relocating their embassies in Israel , Mogherini was quick to disabuse Netanyahu of the idea .
`` He can keep their expectations for others , because from the European Union member states ' side , this move will not come , '' they said .
Nevertheless , Mogherini and other ministers were impatient to hear details of any U.S. peace initiative in the pipeline . The EU 's top diplomat said the time-frame for any new plan and who might be involved do not appear to have been worked out .
`` Both the horizon and the framework appear still to be determined , '' Mogherini said .
French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said : `` They 've announced to us some kind of American initiative . We 've been waiting for several months . If it 's not the case , then perhaps the European Union should take the initiative , but it 's too early to say . ''
`` Everyone knows that the resolution of the Middle East crisis goes through negotiations and the recognition of two states , '' they said .
Belgian Foreign Minister Didier Reynders said Jerusalem `` could be the capital of Israel and a future Palestinian state , but that has to be negotiated between the two parties . ''
Reynders said that as the biggest aid donor to the Palestinians and a major partner of Israel , the European Union has `` a particular role to play '' in encouraging a political solution to the conflict .
President-elect Donald Trump can sometimes be a harsh critic — especially when it comes to photographs of himself .
On Monday , the business person-turned-world leader tweeted their displeasure over the cover art for a new book from CNN about the 2016 Presidential Election .
Unprecedented , which was released in December , was written during the election and is a chronicle of the President-elect 's surprising win . Written by CNN writer Thomas Lake , CNN 's website describes the book as a deeply reported account on the fight for the presidency between Trump — “ a blustery billionaire and reality TV star with no military or government experience , no respect for the rules of politics and no fear of offending people ” — and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton .
Trump 's tweet did n't criticize the contents of the book . Instead , they took issue with the photo of them that was used for the cover .
“ @ CNN just released a book called ‘ Unprecedented ' which explore the 2016 race & victory , ” they wrote . “ Hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me ! ”
@ CNN just released a book called `` Unprecedented '' which explores the 2016 race & victory . Hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) January 2 , 2017
There are actually two versions of the book 's cover — an “ Inaugural edition ” featuring a stern-looking Trump and another version that contains a collage of different photos from the election , including a large picture of Trump speaking at a podium . It 's unclear which cover photos the 70-year-old President-elect was referencing as being “ the worst . ”
RELATED VIDEO : Natasha Stoynoff on Donald Trump 's Very Personal Attacks : ‘ It 's An Attempt to Silence Women
This is n't the first time the President-elect has criticized the media for using “ bad ” photos of him . In November , Politico reported that during an off-the-record meeting with members of the media , Trump complained to NBC News President Deborah Turness that the network would n't run a “ nice ” picture of them and instead chose one that made them look like they had a double-chin . ( Turness reportedly replied that they thought the NBC News website had a “ very nice ” photo of them on their website at the time of the meeting . )
Considering that Trump has a penchant for insulting people — particularly women — for their looks , it may come as nor surprise that they look at their own photos with a critical eye .
When you think of Minneapolis music venue First Avenue , comedian Kevin Hart is n't exactly the first person who comes to mind . Kevin Hart Presents : Hart of the City , which airs on Comedy Central , follows Hart during a stand-up circuit in cities across America . The Twin Cities were recently featured on season two of the show . [ … ]
FLOWERY BRANCH , Ga. ( AP ) — Atlanta Falcons offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan , expected to be one of the top targets for teams looking to replace head coaches , could be available for interviews late this week .
Falcons coach Dan Quinn said Monday “ I 'm sure they will be contacted by some teams. ” Quinn would n't confirm any teams which may hope to interview Shanahan .
Denver and the Los Angeles Rams are among teams which could have interest in Shanahan .
The NFC South champion Falcons earned a first-round bye with Sunday 's 38-32 win over New Orleans . Quinn has scheduled practices on Wednesday and Thursday . They said Shanahan or any other assistant would be available “ at the end of the week ” to speak with another team .
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform . Need help ? Email us
comments
ISTANBUL ( AP ) — Turkish authorities suspect that the Islamic State group is behind the attack on a popular Istanbul nightclub during New Year 's celebrations , Turkish media reports said Monday .
Authorities also believe that the gunman , who killed 39 people , most of them foreigners , comes from a Central Asian nation and is likely to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan , the pro-government Karar and the mainstream Hurriyet newspapers reported , citing unnamed security sources .
Police had also established similarities with the high-casualty suicide bomb and gun attack at Istanbul 's Ataturk Airport in June and was investigating whether the same IS cell could have carried out both attacks , the papers reported .
The gunman , who is still at large , killed a police officer and another man outside the Reina club in the early hours of 2017 before entering and firing at an estimated 600 people partying inside with an automatic rifle .
Advertisement
There was no immediate claim of responsibility .
Nearly two-thirds of the dead in the upscale club , which is frequented by local celebrities , were foreigners , Turkey 's Anadolu Agency said . Many of them hailed from the Middle East .
The mass shooting followed more than 30 violent acts over the past year in Turkey , which is a member of the NATO alliance and a partner in the U.S.-led coalition fighting against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq . The country endured multiple bombings in 2016 , including three in Istanbul alone that authorities blamed on IS , a failed coup attempt in July and renewed conflict with Kurdish rebels in the southeast .
The Islamic State group claims to have cells in the country . Analysts think it was behind suicide bombings last January and March that targeted tourists on Istanbul 's iconic Istiklal Street as well as the attack at Ataturk Airport in June , which killed 45 people .
In December , IS released a video purportedly showing the killing of two Turkish soldiers and urged its supporters to “ conquer ” Istanbul . Turkey 's jets regularly bomb the group in the northern Syrian town of Al-Bab . Turkish authorities have not confirmed the authenticity of the video .
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said the attacker left a gun at the club and escaped by “ taking advantage of the chaos ” that ensued . Some customers reportedly jumped into the waters of the Bosporus to escape the attack .
___
Suzan Fraser reported from Ankara .
The next time you buy a car , the dealer may ask if you want to buy , lease or subscribe . Subscribe ? That 's right : The auto-buying wave of the future may be getting a new car for every season .
And the trend is starting at a handful of dealers around the country .
One dealership offering this service says it 's ideal for people who are quickly bored with their car , but ca n't afford to trade it in .
“ You 're going to have one monthly payment , but you are going to have access to over 20 different vehicles , '' said David Wyler , president of the Jeff Wyler Auto Group .
They say customers tell them they hate being stuck in the same car for four or five years , or more . With a subscription , they say , you have options .
`` You get your choice of GMC Sierras , Jeep Wranglers , Jeep Cherokees , even some midline Mercedes-Benz cars and SUVs , '' they said .
New car for each season
For a lot of people , Wyler says , this would be a dream come true : an SUV for January , a convertible for the summer and if you need to move a student to college , a pickup truck for a couple of weeks .
Frank Wilson , the dealership 's digital manager , says you can do it all from your smartphone , choosing the car you want that month , then waiting for it to be delivered to your home by valet ( they also take the old one away ) .
Car buyer Brittany Meyer would love to swap out their Chrysler minivan .
`` It 's really cool , because you always want to try multiple different types of cars , '' they said . `` Especially when you have a big car , sometimes you want a small car . ''
Costs and fine print
There 's just one big downside : it 's not cheap : $ 950 a month , double most car payments .
But it includes door-to-door service , all maintenance ( you 'll never pay for an oil change or tires ) and , most importantly , they pay all insurance and taxes .
`` You 'll have full-coverage insurance , no matter what car you drive , '' Wyler explained , so that you do n't have to readjust your insurance premium every couple of months based on what you are driving .
Wyler also points out that while $ 950 sounds like a lot of money , a five-year loan on a $ 50,000 SUV can cost $ 900 a month , if you do n't make a hefty down payment . And insurance for many people is $ 100 a month .
We followed a valet taking a Mercedes SUV to the wife of a dealership employee , who was one of the first to sign up ( and yes , they are paying the monthly fee ) .
`` Oh , this is awesome , '' they said , as the SUV arrived at their home .
Trend of the future
Do n't scoff : This could be how you drive a car 10 years from now .
Automotive News predicts many dealers will eventually offer a budget version , for about $ 400 or $ 500 a month . And Quartz says automakers like Volvo and Cadillac are already offering subscriptions of their own .
Budget-minded drivers in big cities are using the service Car2Go , where you just pay for a car when you need it .
Decide you are not happy with the car you just got ? Decide you made a mistake ? Just turn the car in and start over . That way you do n't waste your money .
___________________
“ Do n't Waste Your Money ” is a registered trademark of Scripps Media , Inc. ( “ Scripps ” ) .
`` Like '' John Matarese on Facebook
Follow John on Twitter ( @ JohnMatarese )
For more consumer news and money saving advice , go to www.dontwasteyourmoney.com
Yahoo Finance 's Jared Blikre and Alexis Christoforous discuss the Federal Open Market Committee 's two-day meeting this week , culminating with a press conference by Federal Reserve Chairman Jay Powell .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND , Va. -- The McShin Foundation hosts its annual Independence Day and Alumni Picnic Wednesday . Families came out for corn hole , music and food but most importantly to celebrate recovery .
President and co-founder of the McShin Foundation , John Shinholser , said that recovery , like the rights of Americans , should not be taken for granted
`` Our flag stands for a lot of things . Freedom to recover . It 's important , it 's a gift . Do n't blow it , '' said Shinholser . `` You have an opportunity to be free in recovery and you want to take advantage of that . ''
Founded in 2004 , the McShin Foundation is a local non-profit that is a Peer to Peer Recovery Community Organization . The foundation hosts events not only for those in recovery but for their families as well .
McShin Foundation CEO Honesty Liller said that addiction has an affect on everyone who cares for that person and the foundation strives to heal families as well . They said that events like the picnic help people in recovery hold each other accountable .
`` We hold these events so you guys are participants and the families can understand that we do n't need to do drugs or drink alcohol to party and to have fun in recovery , '' said Liller .
Congressman A. Donald McEachin , D-VA 4th District , attended the picnic and said that the work being done at the foundation speaks to the principles of America .
`` But this organization is special because it speaks to a lot of our values of a second chance , of a second opportunity , '' said McEachin .
For more information about the McShin Foundation and the services they provide , visit their website .
`` This is a deadly illness but we can recover from it , '' Shinholser said .
Golfers in East Dunbartonshire are being warned to be vigilant after a thief swiped a buggy and trailer from a golf course .
The theft happened at Hilton Park Golf Club which is on Stockiemuir Road , Milngavie , some time between 5.10pm and 6.10pm yesterday ( Wednesday , June 14 ) .
If anyone has any information please contact Kirkintilloch Police Office on 101 or Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 if you 'd like to remain anonymous .
By The Associated Press
EARLY MOST ACTIVE STOCKS NEW YORK ( AP ) — Early prices for NYSE listed most active stocks : SalesHighLowLastChg AKSteel 27871 5.22 5.13 5.19+.08 AT & TInc 1.96 18986 38.45 38.18 38.42+.32 Alibaba 34605 155.08 153.10 154.14+2.44 AlpAlerMLP 1.35e 25978 11.18 11.12 11.16+.08 Ambev .06e 11897 6.12 6.09 6.11—.02 AMovilL .66e 6000 18.21 18.01 18.19+.19 AnglogldA 7411 9.82 9.70 9.82+.11 Annaly 1.20a 8065 12.32 12.25 12.25 Avon 13864 2.84 2.75 2.83+.06 BPPLC 2.38 6264 35.01 34.84 34.91—.03 B & WEntn 9903 3.19 2.88 2.99+.08 BcoBrads .37e 9617 9.97 9.91 9.95—.05 BcoSantSA .23e 7543 6.61 6.58 6.59+.12 BkofAm .48f 105546 24.35 24.17 24.35+.49 Barclay .15e 7146 10.42 10.34 10.40+.06 BiPVxSTrs 185782 12.63 12.29 12.36—1.30 BarrickG .12 15283 16.85 16.61 16.67—.37 Cemex .29t 8711 9.41 9.27 9.31+.09 ChesEng 21789 4.15 4.10 4.12—.03 ChicB & I .28 10669 12.45 11.95 12.27+.47 CgpVelLCrd 6891 15.24 14.91 15.09+.11 Citigroup 1.28 23394 67.85 67.41 67.83+1.03 CliffsNRs 18993 7.48 7.23 7.48+.29 ClubCorp .52 6930 17.05 17.00 17.05+.05 CocaCola 1.48 11357 45.94 45.62 45.84+.25 CmtyHlt 15511 7.30 6.90 6.93—.52 CSVInvNrs 8336 25.32 24.32 25.24+.83 CSVLgNGrs 17245 12.70 12.16 12.21—.44 DDRCorp .76 9084 10.09 9.96 10.07+.07 DellTchn 5891 67.41 64.90 67.41+4.37 DeltaAir 1.22 6406 50.19 49.83 49.96+.48 DeutschBk .83e 15226 17.28 17.19 17.24+.19 DxGBullrs 11543 32.12 31.33 31.84—1.27 DrGMBllrs 17167 17.88 17.45 17.70—.75 DirDGlBrrs 14579 27.80 27.21 27.40+1.06 DxSCBearrs 14200 17.39 17.08 17.13—.57 DxBiotBear 8547 6.98 6.76 6.85—.23 DrxSCBulls 11302 52.64 51.73 52.47+1.61 Disney 1.56 9419 102.81 102.09 102.41+.42 EldorGldg .02e 5883 2.02 1.93 1.97—.04 EnCanag .06 9733 9.83 9.60 9.73+.04 EngyTrfPt 2.20 6481 19.88 19.67 19.84+.33 ENSCO .04 11925 4.62 4.49 4.57—.04 ExxonMbl 3.08 11443 78.69 78.21 78.49+.28 FiatChrys 25184 12.48 12.35 12.41+.80 FMajSilvg 9025 6.43 6.23 6.27—.25 Fitbitn 6167 5.70 5.60 5.68+.11 FordM .60a 29072 10.88 10.79 10.86+.09 FrptMcM 10964 14.14 13.99 14.08+.12 GenElec .96 29739 25.39 25.25 25.35+.15 GenMotors 1.52 8651 35.38 35.05 35.33+.40 Gerdau .02e 6404 3.54 3.49 3.52+.02 GoldFLtd .02e 8713 4.09 4.04 4.07—.07 Goldcrpg .24 9343 12.90 12.77 12.84—.17 HPInc .53 6915 19.18 19.03 19.09+.19 Hallibrtn .72 9731 40.11 39.75 39.79—.23 HertzGl 18277 19.14 18.58 19.08+.43 HPEntn .26 7591 17.67 17.46 17.67+.37 HomeDp 3.56 9877 156.05 153.63 154.12—.76 IAMGldg 9171 5.47 5.38 5.46+.01 ICICIBk .16e 9338 9.05 8.100 9.03+.13 iShGold 11082 12.34 12.31 12.33—.08 iShBrazil 1.03e 18905 38.02 37.79 37.97—.04 iShCanada .60e 7680 27.50 27.21 27.40+.19 iSFrance .68e 7917 29.56 29.50 29.52+.27 iShSKor .66e 6993 67.16 66.86 67.13+1.11 iShSilver 9935 16.15 16.08 16.13—.05 iShChinaLC .76e 17887 42.17 42.07 42.16+.35 iShEMkts .84e 60784 43.41 43.31 43.36+.44 iSEafe 1.70e 12170 66.49 66.40 66.42+.47 iShiBxHYB 5.09 26755 87.85 87.59 87.83+.50 iShR2K 1.77e 30574 138.05 137.23 137.90+1.43 iShREst 2.76e 10062 79.86 79.21 79.83+.84 iShCorEafe 1.55e 11919 62.22 62.15 62.17+.43 iShCorEM 1.09e 5876 52.32 52.16 52.22+.50 ItauUnibH .32e 5901 12.43 12.31 12.41+.05 JPMorgCh 2.24f 19152 92.85 92.33 92.76+1.34 Kemet 8138 20.47 19.54 20.16+.71 Keycorp .38 12584 17.90 17.68 17.88+.36 KindMorg .50 8407 19.19 19.08 19.19+.12 Kinrossg 10709 4.16 4.10 4.16—.03 Kroger s .50f 6402 23.67 23.46 23.54+.05 MGM Rsts .44 7731 31.16 30.80 31.09+.50 Macys 1.51 13328 20.90 20.57 20.57—.05 MarathnO .20 x11396 12.13 12.02 12.04—.03 Merck 1.88 7600 62.93 62.61 62.88+.50 MorgStan 1f 10816 46.84 46.18 46.84+1.19 Nabors .24 8103 6.82 6.68 6.69—.12 NokiaCp .17e 6605 6.33 6.31 6.31+.05 Oracle .76f 8264 48.95 48.47 48.92+.68 Pandora 7134 8.19 8.06 8.13+.05 Penney 55773 4.01 3.89 3.93 PetrbrsA 5986 8.19 8.12 8.15—.01 Petrobras 14477 8.52 8.44 8.48 Pfizer 1.28 16352 33.34 33.14 33.17—.08 Potash .40 6745 17.71 17.51 17.63+.11 Primerog 11111 .19 .16 .16—.03 PUVixSTrs 56091 36.39 34.34 34.77—8.32 ProVixSTrs 6707 42.00 40.90 41.09—4.41 PrUCruders 7732 16.47 16.23 16.38+.10 ProShtVxs 20070 78.76 77.03 78.35+6.67 PrUShSPrs 10681 49.24 48.97 49.00—.82 PUShtQQQ 6928 16.06 15.97 15.99—.32 PUShtSPX 13220 14.98 14.84 14.85—.40 RangeRs .08 10528 17.11 16.77 17.09+.28 RegionsFn .36 23046 14.42 14.22 14.41+.34 RiteAid 27188 2.33 2.27 2.28—.03 SpdrDJIA 3.98e 6204 220.05 219.81 219.98+1.28 SpdrGold 8653 122.00 121.69 121.92—.87 S & P500ETF 4.13e 84983 246.25 245.55 246.19+2.07 SpdrLTBd 1.81 5936 41.64 41.54 41.62—.01 SpdrLehHY 2.30 15448 36.99 36.91 36.98+.21 SpdrOGEx .73e 10219 30.63 30.34 30.51+.08 STMicro .40 5984 16.81 16.66 16.74+.12 SnapIncAn 147292 12.08 11.28 12.01+.18 SwstnEngy 10558 5.35 5.26 5.28—.07 SpiritRltC .72 28963 8.46 8.32 8.46+.20 Sprint 13019 8.47 8.36 8.43+.12 Squaren 7921 25.47 25.20 25.37+.55 SPMatls .98e 7088 53.91 53.76 53.85+.37 SPEngy 2.04e 12770 64.25 63.86 64.11+.17 SPDRFncl .46e 46855 25.07 24.92 25.06+.33 SPInds 1.12e 10958 68.47 68.24 68.42+.56 SPTech .78e 16685 57.80 57.50 57.79+.69 SPUtil 1.55e 12487 53.94 53.74 53.85+.11 Sysco 1.32 6914 51.93 50.05 50.81—.77 TaiwSemi .73e 7766 36.06 35.85 35.97—.17 Target 2.48f x7857 55.96 55.40 55.71+.68 TenetHlth 9087 14.19 13.44 13.49—.56 TevaPhrm 1.36e 36795 17.78 17.32 17.41+.11 Transocn 10174 8.42 8.25 8.36+.01 Twitter 17857 16.26 16.01 16.25+.33 USOilFd 22307 10.04 9.98 10.02+.03 USSteel .20 18718 23.65 23.28 23.51+.35 ValeSA .29e 28497 9.81 9.64 9.79+.10 ValeSApf .29e 6285 9.15 9.00 9.12+.11 ValeantPh 16174 14.14 13.92 14.04+.15 VanEGold .12e 35804 22.91 22.72 22.83—.32 VanEJrGld 11770 33.25 32.99 33.15—.48 VangEmg 1.10e 8598 42.82 42.70 42.76+.35 Vereit .55 8317 8.44 8.39 8.43+.10 VerizonCm 2.31 13685 48.61 48.15 48.59+.53 Visa s .66 8266 101.53 100.75 101.42+1.33 VMware 9440 97.09 95.11 96.99+5.04 WalMart 2.04 11942 81.00 80.50 80.90+.50 WeathfIntl 14975 3.98 3.84 3.86—.10 WellsFargo 1.52 16480 52.79 52.34 52.75+.81 WhitingPet 20762 4.78 4.67 4.70—.10 Yamanag .02 9593 2.66 2.61 2.62—.08 ZTOExpn 9937 13.85 13.53 13.76+.51 —————————
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Maikel Franco has been getting on base more consistently when they hit in the eighth spot in the lineup .
After two games as a pinch hitter , Maikel Franco returned to the Phillies ' starting lineup Tuesday in a rare spot : eighth .
Franco then turned in one of their better outings of the season . Not only did they make a game-saving defensive play in the Phillies ' 3-2 win over the Orioles , but they also reached base on three of their four plate appearances , going 2 for 3 with an intentional walk and a run scored . That performance was no coincidence , theorized manager Gabe Kapler , who promptly slotted Franco into the same spot again for Wednesday afternoon 's homestand finale .
“ I actually think hitting eighth is a good place for a power hitter and a good place for a guy who is working on seeing more pitches , for various reasons , ” said Kapler . “ It 's nice to have a guy who can pop a homer right in front of the pitcher , and then secondarily , if a guy is trying to see more pitches , a lot of times they [ will ] because the opposing pitcher is trying to pitch carefully to him . ”
> > READ MORE : J.P. Crawford 's injury gives Maikel Franco another chance
National League-wide statistics back up Kapler 's claim — eighth-spot hitters have walked at a higher rate than seventh-spot hitters this season despite actually batting , on average , 23 points lower .
Franco has n't experienced that effect , at least yet . Both their walks while batting eighth recently have been intentional , and their 6.6 percent walk rate this season remains well below the league average of 8.9 .
But the move does seem to have affected their ability to reach base one way or another . The third baseman has started and hit eighth three times in the past two weeks ( after doing so just three times prior during their career with the Phillies ) . He 's gone 4 for 8 in those games .
Although the Phillies ' pitchers have predictably struggled to convert Franco 's frequent trips to first into tangible runs , the efficient outings have helped the 25-year-old up their batting average from .240 on June 22 to .262 entering Wednesday 's contest .
> > READ MORE : Matt Klentak is finally in a position to buy
Franco said they have n't been thinking much about their spot in the order : they have , after all , batted all over the Phillies ' lineup ; this season he 's made plate appearances at all nine spots . Instead , he 's focusing on simply ensuring he 's in the order at all — something that 's also changed from last weekend 's series vs. the Nationals , in which they started only the Friday opener , to this midweek series vs. Baltimore .
“ I know [ when ] I 'm in the lineup , I 've got an opportunity to do something good for my team , and that 's what I do , ” they said . “ It does n't really matter if I hit at three , at four , at five , or at eight . I just try to be ready … if I 've got a good situation . ”
> > READ MORE : The Flyin ' Hawaiian will officially retire a Phillie next month
OAKLAND — Having survived their Game 7 test in Houston during the Western Conference finals , the Warriors are on the brink of history with a chance to win their third NBA title in four seasons . Oddsmakers are calling this one of the biggest Finals mismatches in history because the supporting cast surrounding LeBron James appears weaker than the Cavaliers teams the Warriors have faced the past three seasons .
But , while many believe the West finals decided the real championship , the Warriors ca n't afford to treat their matchup with the Cavs like an anticlimax when they take the floor for Game 1 Thursday night at Oracle Arena .
Describing what it meant to prevail over the Rockets , who had the best regular-season record , last season 's Finals MVP Kevin Durant said , “ It 's been exciting that we got the opportunity to go through ( Game 7 ) and also get out of it being in the Finals again . But we 're not satisfied . We want to finish the job . ”
Durant scoffed at the notion that a fourth straight Finals matchup between the same two teams , which never has happened in any major American pro sport , might be boring . “ It may not be as suspenseful as a lot of people want it to be or as drama-filled , but that 's what you 've got movies and music for , ” Durant said . “ I do n't feel like you should have any complaints because it 's a great set of players on both teams . ”
The Warriors swept the two-game season series , winning at home on Christmas day and in Cleveland on Martin Luther King Day . That Cavs team already was dramatically different from a year ago because of the offseason departure of free agent Kyrie Irving . But at the February trade deadline , they shipped out six more players and brought in four new faces .
“ It 's a weird kind of dynamic thinking about this is the fourth time in a row we 've played Cleveland in the Finals , ” guard Steph Curry said . “ Obviously , LeBron 's still there , and he 's Mister Everything for them . He 's been playing amazing the whole regular season and especially in these playoffs to will their team back here . . . Everything starts with LeBron and trying to put up as much resistance as you can . ”
The Warriors will be without backup forward Andre Iguodala ( left leg bone bruise ) , who has been their most effective defender against James , for at least Game 1 and maybe beyond . That complicates things for the Warriors , but Curry suggested their triumph over the Rockets actually generated momentum for the Finals .
“ I think you saw that on all our faces after Game 7 of the Houston series where this means a lot to us , ” Curry said . “ There is an appreciation for the difficulty to get back to this stage , let alone try to win four more games and win a championship . We 're living in the moment . ”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A yellow weather warning comes into place across Gloucestershire this morning as the county braces for thunderstorms later on .
Met Office forecasters say the skies will come alive with thunder and lightning from about 4pm and it could last well into the night .
Temperatures in the mid-20°Cs make it a humid day too .
Here is the full forecast for the area .
Today :
Early fog and low cloud will lift to give some sunny spells through the day . There will be some thunderstorms though , with some torrential downpours , and hail and lightning are likely . Maximum temperature 22°C .
Tonight :
The thunderstorms will continue tonight , with the risk of further downpours , hail and lightning . They will ease towards dawn , however , mist , fog and low cloud are also likely overnight . Minimum temperature 13°C .
Friday :
Friday will start cloudy , with some patchy rain . Sunny spells will develop but then there will be the chance of isolated thunderstorms later , most likely in the north and east . Maximum temperature 18°C .
Outlook for Saturday to Monday :
Early mist and fog will clear to sunny spells over the next few days . It should become drier over the weekend , with more in the way of sunshine developing .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
What does the weather warning say ?
To last between 11am and 12am
Thunderstorms are likely to affect southern parts of the UK from late Thursday morning through the rest of the day
What to expect
A new report by the nonpartisan Migration Policy Institute finds the number of undocumented farmworkers dropped over a 14-year period .
Between 2000 and 2014 , the report says undocumented workers in the agricultural sector dropped from 55 percent to 47 percent . The report analyzed data from the U.S. Department of Labor 's National Agricultural Worker Survey and said the labor shift was largely caused by a decline in illegal immigration from Mexico after the 2008 recession .
Politico says that many of the migrant farmworkers now in the United States have been here for some time and have settled with their families . The report also found that U.S. farmworkers are now mostly Mexican-born men , and that half of farmworkers received Medicaid , food stamps or other benefits in 2014 .
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Tampa Bay 29 21 6 2 44 110 74 13-2-1 8-4-1 5-2-0 Toronto 30 19 10 1 39 105 88 9-5-0 10-5-1 5-1-1 Boston 27 14 9 4 32 78 75 9-4-2 5-5-2 1-1-2 Montreal 31 13 14 4 30 85 99 8-7-3 5-7-1 8-1-1 Detroit 29 11 13 5 27 80 97 5-6-4 6-7-1 3-7-0 Florida 29 11 14 4 26 88 104 6-6-3 5-8-1 3-3-1 Ottawa 28 9 12 7 25 77 98 4-5-5 5-7-2 2-2-1 Buffalo 29 7 17 5 19 62 99 3-9-1 4-8-4 2-4-2 Metropolitan Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Columbus 30 19 10 1 39 86 73 11-5-0 8-5-1 6-4-0 Washington 30 18 11 1 37 94 88 12-5-0 6-6-1 5-2-0 New Jersey 29 16 9 4 36 89 91 6-5-2 10-4-2 2-3-0 N.Y. Islanders 29 16 10 3 35 105 99 8-1-2 8-9-1 4-3-1 Pittsburgh 31 16 12 3 35 93 102 10-4-1 6-8-2 4-2-0 N.Y. Rangers 29 16 11 2 34 98 87 12-5-2 4-6-0 5-4-2 Carolina 28 11 10 7 29 78 88 6-4-3 5-6-4 2-3-2 Philadelphia 29 11 11 7 29 83 86 4-6-4 7-5-3 1-0-3 WESTERN CONFERENCE Central Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div St. Louis 30 20 8 2 42 101 76 10-5-0 10-3-2 5-1-1 Nashville 29 18 7 4 40 95 84 11-2-2 7-5-2 8-1-1 Winnipeg 30 17 8 5 39 102 86 10-2-1 7-6-4 5-1-1 Dallas 30 16 13 1 33 89 89 10-4-0 6-9-1 4-8-0 Minnesota 28 14 11 3 31 83 84 8-3-2 6-8-1 4-5-0 Chicago 29 13 11 5 31 87 81 7-5-2 6-6-3 2-5-2 Colorado 28 13 13 2 28 90 94 8-5-1 5-8-1 4-5-1 Pacific Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Los Angeles 31 20 8 3 43 97 68 10-5-2 10-3-1 3-3-2 Vegas 29 19 9 1 39 103 91 11-2-0 8-7-1 9-1-0 San Jose 28 16 10 2 34 76 65 9-6-1 7-4-1 4-1-2 Calgary 30 16 12 2 34 88 94 8-8-0 8-4-2 5-3-0 Vancouver 30 14 12 4 32 81 85 5-6-3 9-6-1 3-5-0 Anaheim 30 12 11 7 31 80 89 7-7-3 5-4-4 3-2-4 Edmonton 29 12 15 2 26 86 98 5-9-0 7-6-2 4-1-0 Arizona 32 7 20 5 19 74 111 3-8-1 4-12-4 1-5-3
NOTE : Two points for a win , one point for overtime loss . Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs .
Saturday 's Games
St. Louis 6 , Detroit 1
Edmonton 6 , Montreal 2
Colorado 7 , Florida 3
Tampa Bay 4 , Winnipeg 3 , OT
Columbus 1 , Arizona 0
Boston 3 , N.Y. Islanders 1
Toronto 4 , Pittsburgh 3
N.Y. Rangers 5 , New Jersey 2
Vegas 5 , Dallas 3
San Jose 5 , Ottawa 0
Calgary 4 , Vancouver 2
Los Angeles 3 , Carolina 2 , OT
Sunday 's Games
Arizona at Chicago , 7 p.m .
Buffalo at St. Louis , 7 p.m .
Edmonton at Toronto , 7 p.m .
Minnesota at San Jose , 9 p.m .
Monday 's Games
Colorado at Pittsburgh , 7 p.m .
Dallas at N.Y. Rangers , 7 p.m .
Washington at N.Y. Islanders , 7 p.m .
Florida at Detroit , 7:30 p.m .
Vancouver at Winnipeg , 8 p.m .
Carolina at Anaheim , 10 p.m .
Tuesday 's Games
Edmonton at Columbus , 7 p.m .
Ottawa at Buffalo , 7 p.m .
Toronto at Philadelphia , 7 p.m .
Colorado at Washington , 7 p.m .
Los Angeles at New Jersey , 7 p.m .
Calgary at Minnesota , 8 p.m .
Tampa Bay at St. Louis , 8 p.m .
Florida at Chicago , 8:30 p.m .
Carolina at Vegas , 10 p.m .
Wednesday 's Games
Dallas at N.Y. Islanders , 7 p.m .
N.Y. Rangers at Ottawa , 7 p.m .
Boston at Detroit , 8 p.m .
Nashville at Vancouver , 10 p.m .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Do you know someone who you think should be an MP ? Then tell them about our BME Inspiration Day taking place in Manchester on Saturday 22 April . Or perhaps you are the person who would enjoy the day !
Inspiration Days are friendly and informal events , designed to give members , especially new members , the opportunity to develop their skills , learn more about becoming active in the party and meet other like-minded people from across the regions .
This day is specifically for anyone who self identifies as an ethnic minority .
The training will cover :
Advice on getting more involved through different party roles such as becoming a Parliamentary candidate
How the Party is organised and including the rights and responsibilities of members
Identifying and developing confident communication skills
Creating a personal action plan
After the training , you will have the opportunity to put your new skills to the test by getting involved in the current Manchester Gorton by-election campaign- giving you hands-on campaign experience !
The day will be held at the Mercure Manchester Piccadilly Hotel . The cost for the day is £10 and includes lunch and refreshments . Spaces are limited , register for your place by emailing [ email protected ] .
If you are a student , unemployed , or unable to afford the fee , please let us know and the £10 fee will be waived .
* Natalie Chindipha has been Diversity & Talent Support Manager since July 2016 . They work within the Diversity Team at LDHQ to support and encourage diversity initiatives across the party .
WACO , Texas ( AP ) - Another double-double for big post Lauren Cox , a standout game on both ends of the court for Juicy Landrum and a 10th straight trip to the NCAA Sweet 16 for Baylor .
Cox had 18 points with 16 rebounds , Landrum had 17 points while helping finally stifle Michigan 's career scoring leader , and the Lady Bears pulled away in an 80-58 win over the Wolverines on Sunday night .
`` This team has gone through a lot of adversity this year and we 've fought through all of it and we 've stayed together , '' said Cox , the 6-foot-4 sophomore post who had their fourth straight double-double . `` So getting to the Sweet 16 is really important for us . ''
The Big 12 champion Lady Bears ( 33-1 finally put Michigan away by scoring 13 consecutive points in the third quarter , going up 57-41 on a driving layup by Kalani Brown that capped the 4 1/2-minute spurt .
Hallie Thome had 22 points , their fourth straight 20-point game for Michigan ( 23-10 ) while Katelynn Flaherty , the career scoring leader , had 18 points on six 3-pointers in their last college game . They combined 30 of Michigan 's 34 first-half points , but had only 10 the rest of the game .
`` That kid ( Landrum ) is coming off screens guarding Flaherty . She 's just a hard kid to guard , '' coach Kim Mulkey said . `` Juicy was tremendous today . They hit big 3s , and took the ball to the rim , and I just thought their defense on that kid , especially in the second half , was big . ''
All five of Baylor starters scored in double figures , but only six players got in the game until Mulkey cleared the bench with 11.8 seconds left in the game .
Freshman Alexis Morris also had 17 points for Baylor . Brown , the 6-7 junior who was the Big 12 Player of the year , had 16 points and with eight rebounds . Dekeiya Cohen had 12 points .
There were four ties and four lead changes before Baylor went ahead to stay on the fifth , a layup by Cox that made it 20-19 at the end of the first quarter . That was during a stretch of eight straight points Cox scored for Baylor , including three straight layups in the first quarter before a short bank shot started the second .
The Wolverines were within 44-41 when Thome made a layup with 7:10 left in the third quarter . They did n't score again until Flaherty 's 3-pointer with 1:53 left .
`` They wore us down for sure . No question about it . I thought we battled and kind of hung tough and really fought , and we tried to rebound in the first half and they really wore us down physically , '' Michigan coach Kim Barnes Arico said . `` Even Katelynn said , I was getting bumped and pushed a number of times where I would probably get foul calls that I did n't get foul calls . ''
BIG PICTURE
Michigan : After three straight WNIT appearances , including an MVP performance as the Wolverines won that championship last year , Flaherty got their only NCAA experience . They had 20 in their win over Northern Colorado on Friday , and leaves Michigan with 2,776 points .
`` I have n't gotten a chance to think about it this whole season when I surpassed those records and what not , '' Flaherty said , eventually fighting back tears . `` I 've made the best decision coming to Michigan . I would never change that . ... I love Hallie and all my teammates . I could n't do it without them . ''
Baylor : The Lady Bears have won 14 straight NCAA Tournament games at home , and swept through first- and second-round games at the Ferrell Center for the sixth year in a row . They opened with a 96-46 win over Grambling State on Friday , when Cox had 30 points and 17 rebounds .
WANT TO GO DEEPER
The Lady Bears made it to the Elite Eight the last four seasons , but their last Final Four was during their 40-0 national championship season in 2012 .
SOME NUMBERS
Baylor had 20 points off 12 Michigan turnovers by halftime . The Lady Bears finished with 28 points off 19 turnovers . ... The Lady Bears had a 50-26 scoring advantage in the paint , and a 49-30 rebounding edge .
DIFFERENT HALF
After making all 9 shots before halftime , Michigan 's 6-5 center Thome , was 2-of-9 after the break .
`` Kalani was challenged at halftime , well , you 've got to go up block the big girl 's shot , '' Mulkey said .
UP NEXT
The Lady Bears are headed to Lexington , Kentucky , to play No . 6 seed Oregon State ( 25-7 ) on Friday night . In the Elite Eight two years ago , Oregon State beat then top-seeded Baylor 60-57 in Dallas , only about 100 miles from the Waco campus .
Up to 185,000 jobs could be put at risk if Ontario 's Liberal government keeps its pledge to increase the minimum wage to $ 15 .
Those are the findings of an “ independent assessment ” of Bill 148 , the Liberal 's Fair Workplaces Better Jobs Act . The bill will hike the minimum wage — currently set to rise with inflation from $ 11.40 an hour to $ 11.60 in October , up to $ 14 on Jan. 1 , 2018 , and $ 15 the following year .
But the according to a study commissioned by Ontario 's Chamber of Commerce , the bill will put jobs at risk and have “ dramatic unintended consequences. ” Chamber vice- president Karl Baldauf said the province needs to slow down and amend its legislation .
“ Should the government move forward with these vast , unprecedented reforms , there will be significant , sudden and sizable uncertainty for jobs and economic growth in Ontario , ” they said . The report also says that Ontario businesses will see a $ 23 billion “ hit ” over the next two years because of the legislation . While the changes wo n't cause mass layoffs , they will kill job growth , said Paul Smetanin , president of the Canadian Centre for Economic Analysis , which conducted the study .
“ The results are not sensationalized , ” Smetanin said . “ We have been conservative in adopting what literature suggests . It pains us to have to deliver such a message . ”
The report also estimates there will be costs for the Ontario government itself . Increased costs associated with the bill will add $ 440 million in debt to the province 's treasury .
“ As I go from community to community , the thing that I 'm hearing over and over again is that these changes are all too much too fast , ” they said .
Labour Minister Kevin Flynn said the government will review the findings the report . It 's one of a “ long list ” of studies on the topic , they added .
“ We recognize there are concerns from the business community , ” they said in a statement . “ We 've worked hard to make sure Ontario 's business climate is competitive , and we are committed to working with the business community to bring forward initiatives that will improve our competitiveness even more .
That being said , we will not back down from our plan to bring fairness to Ontarians . ”
Progressive Conservative labour critic John Yakabuski said the Liberal government needs to conduct its own economic impact study of the new bill .
“ It 'll be a tragedy if all of these 185,000 people are put out of work , ” Yakabuski said in a statement . “ A higher minimum wage does n't help if Ontarians do n't have a job to wake up to in the morning . ”
sjeffords @ postmedia.com
A soon-to-be graduate 's reflection
I 've been staring at this page for a little while now , because up until the second my fingers started typing , I had planned on sticking to the outline and writing this week 's business-student experience on choosing a major . Which , do n't get me wrong , is an important topic , and there is no doubt that one of my next pieces will be singing the LEO department praises , because my experience has been eye-opening and life-changing and lots of other wonderful adjectives , too .
Anyway , I 've been staring at this page after a super-nostalgic week , and I knew that my outline had to be refocused a bit . This week , Delta Sigma Pi ( DSP ) , the first co-ed business fraternity on our campus and my family , helped conduct our semesterly interviews of potential new members ( PNM 's ) since my first semester at Saint Joseph 's University .
This is always one of my favorite weeks of the semester – it is so exciting to see our brothers ' excitement and passion for DSP reflected in our PNM 's , and there 's really no greater feeling than seeing a pledge begin a journey with the organization , and the people , that have come to mean so much over my four years here . And while I love this week , it 's definitely strange to now be the grandma on the side of the interviewing table – I 've done this seven times now , and yet it was nothing short of bizarre to be the one that is getting the “ where do you hope to see DSP go after you leave ? ” question from an interviewee . So while I stew on that one , and make sure I 'm not getting gray hair and reassure myself that the reason I 'm sore is from my yoga practice and not old age , I 'm going to leave you with something short and sweet .
While I could continue to talk about the accounting equation or the great classes and professors I 've had , what I truly think is that more than any of these things , the people that surround you in those classes , or while you 're battling those accounting flashcards , are the most important thing you leave your St. Joe 's experience with .
So , while the semester gets busier , and my LEO Capstone and Business Policy course projects gear up , I 'm telling myself to put the time in , but also to close the books and enjoy those people . And I 'm telling you to do that , too . Be present , be appreciative , and embrace the fact that if the business curriculum was strictly about just that – the curriculum – we 'd all be taking classes on our own , and we 'd probably never see a group project again . And maybe this sounds like a blessing to some , but I do n't know where I 'd be without my people – some of which , I met through the “ dreaded ” group project .
With that being said , I 'm going to go ahead and enjoy them while I have them close . So hey , Delta Sigma Pi , I 'm looking at you – thanks for being there for as long as I 've known – I 'm excited to see what these next 12 weeks hold for us .
Just in few days PokerLion turn into the most prominent online poker website in India . The poker gaming site is committed for just Indian Players . What 's more , now they have launched the android application for the poker players who love to play poker on their Mobile phone . To play poker on PokerLion through your mobile device , follow these simple steps ( if you are already registered with PokerLion , skip to stage 5 , under “ Playing Poker with PokerLion on Your Mobile ” ) :
Creating An PokerLion Account
1 . Open your mobile browser and go to https : //www.pokerlion.com
2 . Go To the link Download PokerLion APP or follow the Link : http : //bit.ly/PokerLionApp
3 . Download the App and Install it . Then open the App on your device . If you have already an account then Log In with your email ID and password .
4 . If you do n't have created yet then click the Sign Up link . Put your email Id , User Name , Password , and create the account . And start Play Poker Online .
Playing Poker With PokerLion At Your Mobile
5 . Log In to your account , go to your Dashboard .
6 . Go to “ Play Poker Now ”
7 . Choose your preferred tournament , Register to the game .
8 . Learn , Play And Earn…Be a Real Poker Lion Only At PokerLion .
PokerLion also introduced some offers to Poker players of India . If you are new to PokerLion then you can grab the opportunity to avail these exciting offers . Some of the offers are :
• Download the APP and get Rupees 500 as welcome Bonus
• Refer a friend and get Rupees 1000 as Referral Bonus
• 50 % Deposit Bonus
• Get a Chance to Participate In Match IPL Season-3
And many more…
Submitted by chucky on Mon , 06/12/2017 - 15:44 .
( NYRR ) - NEW YORK ( June 10 , 2017 ) — Three-time defending TCS New York City Marathon champion , Mary Keitany of Kenya , took their second victory in as many appearances at the NYRR New York Mini 10K on Saturday in Central Park , finishing the race in a blistering time of 31:20 . The 35-year-old , who crossed the line more than 48 seconds ahead of the rest of the field , has now won their last five consecutive New York Road Runners races and will return on November 5 to go for their fourth consecutive TCS New York City Marathon title .
Ethiopia 's Mamitu Daska finished second in 32:09 – their third time making the podium in the event – just two months after taking the title at the UAE Healthy Kidney 10K .
Aliphine Tuliamuk of the U.S. rounded out the top three with their second consecutive podium finish in the event , clocking in at 32:14 . Kenyan-born Tuliamuk obtained their U.S. citizenship in 2016 and in their first year as an American claimed national road titles over 5K , 20K and 25K .
This year 's race began on Central Park West at 61st Street and finished at 67th Street on West Drive , with runners vying first-place prize of $ 10,000 as part of the $ 35,150 prize purse .
In total , 8,419 runners crossed the finish line at this year 's NYRR New York Mini 10K , the world 's first women's-only road race which has brought together generations of women since 1972 . The NYRR New York Mini 10K got its name when race founder Fred Lebow convinced the sponsor to support a six-mile “ mini ” marathon—named for the miniskirt—rather than a full marathon . It was the world 's first road race exclusively for women , with the inaugural race having 78 entrants . The race 's first-ever winner , Jacki Marsh-Dixon , held the finish-line tape at the race 's 46th running on Saturday .
The second edition of the Girls ' Run at the NYRR New York Mini 10K was paced by NYRR Team for Kids Ambassador Tatyana McFadden , one day after they announced she 'll be returning in November in search of their record-breaking sixth win in the wheelchair division of the TCS New York City Marathon . The Girls ' Run was a 1.4-mile race for girls ages 7-18 , and was the final event of the spring NYRR Youth Running Series .
Full results and coverage can be found at www.nyrr.org . Photos from the NYRR New York Mini 10K will be made available shortly at NYRR 's online media center . Caption and credit information is contained in the metadata and in NYRR 's online media center ; credit all photos “ Courtesy of NYRR ” unless otherwise specified . For any specific requests , please email media @ nyrr.org .
{ gallery } 2017_NYC_Mini_Marathon_10k { /gallery }
MSNBC anchor Joy Reid is now claiming that new images of homophobic comments from their now-defunct blog , The Reid Report , were written by nefarious hackers , not them This despite the fact that Reid has already apologized for their past internet homophobia .
Reid 's statement was published as part of an exclusive report by Mediaite on Monday that focused on new anti-LGBTQ blog posts that were discovered by both the media company and Twitter user Jamie Maz through the Wayback Machine , an Internet archiving service .
The 49-year-old has previously apologized for a similar blog post that surfaced in 2017 . At the time , Reid admitted that the initial comments were written by them and that they regretted `` the way I addressed the complex issue of the closet and speculation on a person 's sexual orientation with a mocking tone and sarcasm . It was insensitive , tone deaf and dumb . ''
That particular blog post by Reid referred to former Florida Governor Charlie Crist as `` Miss Charlie '' and made claims that the politician was a closeted gay man . Them apology statement went on to suggest that the posts that surfaced in 2017 did not reflect their current views of the community .
However , since the latest treasure trove of images provided by Maz came to light , Reid has stated that here past remarks were tampered with .
Screenshots taken by Maz show posts of listicles and articles , among other topics , on potentially gay celebrities and Republicans along with a blog defending former NBA player Tim Hardaway 's aggressive anti-gay comments . Other posts also targeted their now-fellow MSNBC anchor Rachel Maddow , who is public about being a lesbian .
— Not a bot ( @ Jamie_Maz ) April 18 , 2018
— Not a bot ( @ Jamie_Maz ) April 18 , 2018
​The journalist told Mediaite that they found out in December that an `` unknown , external party '' had somehow gotten access to the blog and sprinkled in `` offensive and hateful reference that are fabricated and run counter to my personal beliefs and ideology . ''
— Not a bot ( @ Jamie_Maz ) April 18 , 2018​
— Not a bot ( @ Jamie_Maz ) April 18 , 2018
​She continued , adding , `` the manipulated materials seems to be part of an effort to taint my character with false information by distorting a blog that ended a decade ago . ''
— Not a bot ( @ Jamie_Maz ) April 18 , 2018
— Not a bot ( @ Jamie_Maz ) April 18 , 2018
​But Reid still was n't done . After stating that they had worked with a cybersecurity expert and `` notified federal law enforcement officials of the breach , '' Reid said that the allegedly hacked posts simply do `` not represent the original entries . ''
— Not a bot ( @ Jamie_Maz ) April 18 , 2018
— Not a bot ( @ Jamie_Maz ) April 18 , 2018
— Not a bot ( @ Jamie_Maz ) April 18 , 2018
​ '' I hope that whoever corrupted the site recognizes the pain they have caused , not just me , but to my family and communities that I care deeply about : LGBTQ , immigrants , people of color and other marginalized groups . ''
It should be noted that it is unclear when the mysterious hackers would have managed to do the deed , as Reid 's blog site has been shut down for years .
The Wayback Machine released a statement on Tuesday stating that it had been contacted by Reid 's lawyers regarding the alleged fraudulent reports , however , after reviewing its archives the group stated that it had no evidence to indicate their information had been hacked .
`` Her attorneys stated that they did n't know if the alleged insertion happened on the original site or with our archives ( the point at which the manipulation is to have occurred , according to Reid , is still unclear to us ) , '' the statement read . `` When we reviewed the archives , we found nothing to indicate tampering or hacking of the Wayback Machine versions . At least some of the examples of allegedly fraudulent posts provided to us had been archived at different dates and by different entities . ''
`` We let Reid 's lawyers know that the information provided was not sufficient for us to verify claims of manipulation . Consequently , and due to Reid 's being a journalist ( a very high-profile one , at that ) and the journalistic nature of the blog archives , we declined to take down the archives , '' it added .
MSNBC has not released a statement in response to Reid 's allegations .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Grandparents in Cambridge have said they need to pass on invaluable life skills to grandchildren so they do not `` die out '' .
Nearly all of the elderly individuals polled said they had learned far more practical skills in childhood than today 's young people .
Their comments form part of research from retirement housebuilder , McCarthy and Stone , who asked pensioners to reflect their experience of growing up .
According to the poll , 43 per cent of adults in Cambridge aged 60 and above , said it was better being a child 50 years ago , than it is now .
More than 90 per cent said children were much better at making their own entertainment years ago .
Responders said playing outside in the park , sweets costing a penny and having respect for your elders were some of the best things about being a child in the past .
Collecting shells on the beach , playing conkers and reading Enid Blyton books were also listed as cherished memories .
Eight out of ten people polled said that young people had a lot to learn from their elders and over fifty per cent said part of being a grandparent was passing on skills to the next generation .
As a result , a quarter of grandparents revealed they had taught their grandchildren how to polish shoes and bake a Christmas cake .
Other important skills they said were important to develop were good table manners , how to ride a bike , learning to play card games and how to swim .
A third of those questioned also said that their own grandparents had themselves passed on useful life skills and they were keen to continue the tradition .
( Photo : laflor )
Cheryl Bissett , regional sales and marketing director for McCarthy and Stone , said : `` These findings illustrate how things have changed in the last 50 years and how grandparents are shaping their grandchildren 's childhoods by sharing their own experiences of growing up .
`` They also show that practical skills are being passed down through the generations such as baiting a fishing hook and cooking a traditional Sunday roast . By passing on these talents the older generation are ensuring valuable and practical skills wo n't die out . ''
The poll was conducted to mark McCarthy and Stone 's 40th anniversary and partnership with older people 's charity , Royal Voluntary Service .
The findings were released to launch the search for GrandMakers as part of Royal Voluntary Service 's annual GrandFest – a one day festival taking place on June 18 in London .
The event celebrates the passing of skills between generations with over 60 or 70 year old volunteers teaching masterclasses .
TV and radio personality , Gloria Hunniford , is throwing their support behind the search for GrandMakers .
They said : `` Being a grandparent is a truly wonderful and fulfilling experience and passing on practical skills and sharing experience which made my own childhood special has to be one of the most satisfying and enjoyable aspects of spending time with my grandchildren .
`` So many people of my generation would make perfect GrandMakers . We all have different interests , knowledge and skills which have given us great pleasure over the years .
`` GrandFest is a fantastic opportunity to share this expertise with younger people and to inspire the next generation to enjoy these hobbies and experiences . ''
Top 30 skills grandparents in Cambridge say should be passed on to grandchildren
1 . Good table manners
2 . Jigsaw puzzle
3 . Card games
4 . How to plant a seed
5 . Riding a bike
6 . Swimming
7 . Identifying plants and flowers
8 . Skimming a stone
9 . Identifying birds
10 . Making a daisy chain
11 . Dominos
12 . Sewing buttons on
13 . The proper way to lay a table
14 . Knitting
15 . Perfecting a roast dinner
16 . Putting up a tent
17 . Making a perfect pot of tea
18 . How to whistle
19 . How to polish shoes
20 . Clicking your fingers
21 . Baking a Christmas cake
22 . Chess
23 . Making bread
24 . Play a tune on the rim of a wine glass
25 . Building a fire
26 . A good handshake
27 . Preserve or jam making
28 . Baiting a fish hook
29 . Paint your fingers and toenails
30 . Making a toy from wood
Plan for digital technology institute at Bletchley Park is shortlisted for government funding
THE Institute of Digital Technology at Bletchley Park has moved a step closer after the project was shortlisted for government funding .
The group behind the scheme , led by Milton Keynes College , is seeking finance for the project which will see up to 1,000 students and adult learners a year studying to become a new wave of Bletchley Park alumni in a wide range of digital skills .
The project 's key collaborators include recognised experts in education , technology , heritage , automotive and finance with Microsoft , KPMG , Cranfield University , McAfee , Volkswagen Financial Services , Evidence Talks and City & Guilds , as well as the College and the Bletchley Park Trust .
The plan is to restore the currently derelict Block D , creating a centre for the teaching of technical qualifications , apprenticeships , and other training .
Pictured : Milton Keynes College principal and chief executive Dr Julie Mills .
The institute will seek to recruit and train specialists in fields including cybersecurity , network engineering , software engineering , development & testing , applications development , analytics , games development , communications and digital marketing .
Dr Julie Mills , principal and chief executive of Milton Keynes College , said : “ All the partners are delighted that our plans have been approved to go forward to the next stage of the bidding process .
“ We know we have the right plan and we know we can make a significant contribution to the country 's digital future .
“ It 's really encouraging for everyone involved that government can also see the value of the Institute of Digital Technology at Bletchley Park . It is a project worthy of its prestigious and historic location and one which will have huge significance in the future of Milton Keynes and the nation . ”
A recent study from the industry association ISC Squared suggests more than two thirds of UK companies are unable to recruit the specialists they need to defend themselves against digital attacks . The report warns that within two years there will be a global deficit of 1.2 million security professionals .
British industry faces a persistent shortfall of around 40,000 skilled people . 75 % of the members of The British Chambers of Commerce say theylack the staff with the requisite training and ability to meet their digital needs .
The IOT bidding process now enters a second more detailed stage whereby applicants must provide more details of their plans around costings , delivery and value for money . Applicants are being asked to show , “ a robust , credible and viable business plan , ” to ensure tax payer 's money is spent in the most appropriate way .
Dr Mills said : “ Milton Keynes College has already begun discussions with our partners on how best to show the government that the IoT will be a fantastic investment in all our futures . ”
The transformation from code breaking to code writingat the historic location is a perfect fit with the government 's aim to turn the Oxford- Milton Keynes- Cambridge growth corridor into the UK 's Silicon Valley .
The Department for Business , Energy & Industrial Strategypublished a document ( Industrial Strategy : building a Britain fit for the future ) in November which says : “ In the Cambridge-Milton Keynes-Oxford corridor we have agreed an ambitious programme of infrastructure , housing , business investment and development .. Estimates by the National Infrastructure Commission suggest that , with the right actions , annual output of the corridor could increase by £163 billion per annum by 2050 - approximately doubling the growth expected to happen without government intervention ” .
30-05-2018
Uh-Oh !
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information .
If you used an Optimum login , click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account .
If you used a Newsday login , it looks like it 's not connected to an active subscriber account . To verify your subscription information , click the Connect Account button .
Otherwise , click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A solar farm scheme in Soham is generating power and more than a £1 million a year for Cambridgeshire County Council .
From last week the Council owned 60 acre sites near Triangle Farm is began producing enough energy to power around 3,500 homes .
Income from the sale of the electricity will then be used to fund frontline services at the Council .
Once the loan is paid off the Council will move from making £350,000 a year to more than £1 million .
The move is part of the County Council 's drive to find new ways of producing income and renewable energy at a time when Cambridgeshire has the fastest UK population growth .
The site was built , with co-operation from the tenant farmer , on Grade 3 agricultural land , putting it at the lower end of land quality in Cambridgeshire .
The panels are set to remain place for 5 years – but that period could be extended .
Cambridgeshire County Councillor Steve Count , Chairman of the General Purposes Committee , said : “ When I talk to our communities they are rightly keen that we spend our money wisely and by finding a way to create income , these extra millions can be spent on much used frontline services .
“ This County Council project is a great investment as it means we are producing renewable energy and income while reducing the need to either make cuts or ask our residents to make up through taxes . But this is just one example of what we are doing at to make the best use of our assets .
`` For example through the Moblising Local Energy Investment project we have a commitment to invest £28 million in similar projects that help make schools and other public buildings more energy efficient . This is not restricted to solar energy , for example we 've installed new boilers in schools , retrofitted insulation and we are developing a Smart Energy Grid Project for St Ives Park and Ride projects which proposes using battery storage technology and will be the first of its kind at this scale in the country .
`` These measures not just save us money but our partners and schools so they can spend their limited budgets on helping the people of Cambridgeshire . ”
The FBI and Alexandria Police held a joint press conference today on the Congressional shooting .
The FBI confirms that the suspect , James T. Hodgkinson died from multiple gunshot wounds to the torso . Officials are asking for more information as to who Hodgkinson was . The FBI is investigating possible motives , known acquaintances , and their last whereabouts . Officials say they know Hodgkinson was living out of their car .
House Speaker Paul Ryan announced those that were wounded in the shooting during their address to Congress , Wednesday .
The wounded include :
Representative Steve Scalise
Zachary Barth , staff member for Rep. Roger Williams
Matt Mika , director of government relations at Tyson Foods
Special Agent David Bailey , U.S. Capitol Police
Special Agent Crystal Griner , U.S. Capitol Police
Video has been released from a Wednesday morning shooting during a GOP baseball practice that injured multiple people and left the suspected shooter dead .
A press conference is expected to begin about 5:30 p.m . Authorities will provide updates on the shooting .
Mobile users click here to watch .
A video allegedly recorded during the shooting has appeared online . WARNING : Content may be disturbing to viewers .
Mobile users click here to view video .
Several U.S . Congressmen have shared their condolences after House Majority Whip Steve Scalise and two police officers were shot during the Congressional Baseball game for charity .
The Lousiana Congressman was among those that were injured . Scalise is now reported to be in critical condition after surgery .
Senator Bernie Sanders has said that the assailant had reportedly volunteered in their campaign , according to ABC reports . President Donald Trump said during a press conference that the assailant , identified as James T. Hodgkinson , died from their injuries .
Sen. Sanders says suspected shooter reportedly volunteered on their campaign : `` I am sickened by this despicable act ... I condemn this action . '' pic.twitter.com/KDvnKRca8m — ABC News ( @ ABC ) June 14 , 2017
LATEST : Suspect in shooting at GOP baseball practice in Virginia identified as James T. Hodgkinson of Illinois . https : //t.co/WfLYQQkge9 pic.twitter.com/sjueltvavk — ABC News ( @ ABC ) June 14 , 2017
Earlier this morning , two Capitol police officers and House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of Lousiana were reported to be in stable condition , according to the president .
BREAKING : Trump says assailant in Scalise shooting has died , member of congress in stable condition . — The Associated Press ( @ AP ) June 14 , 2017
A statement was also released regarding Steve Scalise condition :
Update on the Condition of Majority Whip Steve Scalise https : //t.co/Lfna1fgHLL pic.twitter.com/BVGXbOKRMY — Rep. Steve Scalise ( @ SteveScalise ) June 14 , 2017
Kevin Brady , East Texas member of congress for Texas 8th District , attended the practice this morning but left practice moments before the shooting began . They released a statement praising the quick action of officers at the scene .
“ The quick action of Majority Whip Steve Scalise 's protection detail saved many lives this morning . I am so grateful for the heroic action of the Capitol Hill Police Force protection detail and pray for the full recovery of my roommate Congressman Steve Scalise and others wounded this morning . ''
Texas Congressman Roger Williams was also at the baseball game . They said one of their legislative correspondents was shot .
I now can confirm that Zack Barth , who is a legislative correspondent in my office , was shot this morning at baseball practice — Rep. Roger Williams ( @ RepRWilliams ) June 14 , 2017
Texas Congressman Joe Barton was at the game and said the shooting lasted 5-10 minutes . Barton was at the game with their son when the shooting happened .
BREAKING : Texas Rep. Joe Barton says the shooting lasted 5-10 minutes , dozens , if not hundreds of shots fired ; ` it was scary ' — The Associated Press ( @ AP ) June 14 , 2017
. @ RepJoeBarton and their sons board the subway in the Capitol after a shooting at the Republican 's baseball practice in Va. # baseballshooting pic.twitter.com/4lrc80frcj — Tom Williams ( @ pennstatetom ) June 14 , 2017
Alabama Congressman Mo Brooks who was at the scene said several people were hit . They also praised the quick action of the two law enforcement officers .
Praying for those injured at this morning 's practice . I 'm especially thankful to the US Capitol Police who risked their lived to protect us . — Mo Brooks ( @ RepMoBrooks ) June 14 , 2017
President Trump expressed their thoughts on the shooting .
Praying for those injured at this morning 's practice . I 'm especially thankful to the US Capitol Police who risked their lived to protect us . — Mo Brooks ( @ RepMoBrooks ) June 14 , 2017
Former Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords issued a statement on the shooting of Congressman Steve Scalise during GOP baseball game .
My heart is with my former colleagues , their families & staff , and the US Capitol Police- public servants and heroes today and every day . — Gabrielle Giffords ( @ GabbyGiffords ) June 14 , 2017
Senator Bernie Sanders asked the public to `` stop the violence '' and wished a full recovery to Scalise .
Our prayers go out for a full recovery of Rep. Scalise , the congressional aides and police who were injured . We 've got to stop the violence . — Bernie Sanders ( @ BernieSanders ) June 14 , 2017
Texas Lt. Gov . Dan Patrick also released a statement on the shooting , saying hatred and violence have no place in society .
`` My prayers are with the victims and their loved ones who were injured in today 's attack at a congressional baseball practice . This hatred and violence has no place in America - it flies in the face of the very democracy our nation is rooted in . I am thankful that the shooter was apprehended by law enforcement quickly , and their deadly intentions were not fully realized , '' Patrick said .
Congressman Louie Gohmert expressed their `` heartfelt prayers '' to those shot Wednesday .
Heartfelt prayers for @ SteveScalise & others shot at the baseball practice today . Thank you to @ CapitolPolice who shot gunman . Heartsick . — Louie Gohmert ( @ replouiegohmert ) June 14 , 2017
Governor Greg Abbott shared their thoughts and prayers for those affected .
Our thoughts & prayers are with all those affected by the tragic shooting in Alexandria , VA. — Gov . Greg Abbott ( @ GovAbbott ) June 14 , 2017
Related links :
+Who is Majority Whip Steve Scalise ?
+GOP baseball shooting : Rep. Scalise among victimes in critical condition
+The Latest : Scalise in critical condition after surgery
+Ohio Congressman at baseball field during shooting , treated injured Representative
+Capitol police hailed as heroes in Virginia shooting
+President Trump speaking on shooting , 'Assailant has died '
+Gunman who shot member of congress had history of anti-GOP activity
Copyright 2017 KLTV . All rights reserved .
President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron during their meeting in the Cabinet Room of the White House in Washington . Picture : Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP
Washington - President Donald Trump on Tuesday said Kim Jong-un wants a historic , high-stakes meeting as soon as possible and suggested the North Korean dictator has been `` very open '' and `` very honourable , '' a sharply different assessment of a leader they once denounced as `` Little Rocket Man . ''
The United States and North Korea have been negotiating a summit between Trump and Kim to be held in May or June to broker a deal on Pyongyang 's nuclear ambitions . Trump , who has struck a decidedly optimistic tone on the situation in recent days , said Tuesday that the United States and North Korea were having `` good discussions . ''
`` We have been told directly that they would like to have the meeting as soon as possible . We think that 's a great thing for the world , '' Trump said at the White House alongside French President Emmanuel Macron . `` Kim Jong-un , they really has been very open and I think very honorable from everything we 're seeing . ''
Trump cautioned that North Korea had not followed through on previous promises , but credited tough steps from their administration — including sanctions and organizing pressure from international allies - for having forced Pyongyang to hold talks . And they again suggested that they would `` leave the table '' if the negotiations were not productive or if North Korea was not operating in good faith .
`` We 'll see where that all goes , '' the president said . `` Maybe it will be wonderful or maybe it wo n't . ''
Trump 's comments came days after a flurry of moves from North Korea that the White House was anxious to promote as signs that its coercion campaign was working . On Saturday , North Korea announced it will close its nuclear testing facility and suspend nuclear and intercontinental ballistic missile tests - a move welcomed by Trump as `` big progress . ''
However , the North stopped short of suggesting it will give up its nuclear weapons - as Trump suggested in a weekend tweet - or scale back its production of missiles and their related components . When pressed Tuesday what they meant by the goal of `` denuclearization , '' Trump said `` It means they get rid of their nukes . Very simple . ''
`` It would be easy for me to make a simple deal and declare victory . I do n't want to do that , '' the president said .
This week , U.S.-allied South Korean President Moon Jae-in and Kim will hold a summit in the demilitarized zone between the Koreas that could lay the ground for Trump 's planned meeting with the North Korean dictator . The leaders of the U.S. and North Korea have never met during six decades of hostility since the Korean War .
The exact date and location of the possible summit has not been determined .
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Monday that the U.S. goal was the complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula . When asked if the president was willing to accept anything short of that goal before lifting sanctions or was willing to go incrementally , they told reporters : `` Certainly no sanctions lifted until we see concrete actions taken by North Korea to denuclearize . ''
Last year , the U.S. spearheaded through the U.N. Security Council the toughest international sanctions yet against North Korea in response to three long-range missile launches and its most powerful nuclear test explosion yet . The Trump administration supplemented those restrictions with unilateral U.S. sanctions against firms that had conducted illicit trade with the North .
This year , Kim has pivoted from confrontation to diplomacy and , according to South Korea and China , has expressed a commitment to denuclearization . There is still uncertainty about what they seek in return .
Trump 's praise for Kim on Tuesday stood in stark contrast to their previous bellicose rhetoric toward the North Korean leader . Beyond dubbing them `` Little Rocket Man '' from the rostrum of the United Nations last fall , Trump has threatened to deliver `` fire and fury '' upon North Korea and taunted Kim on Twitter that their nuclear `` button '' was larger than the one in Pyongyang .
Later Tuesday , Trump sidestepped a question as to why they would use the word `` honourable '' to describe Kim , who has been accused of starving their own people , executing their political opponents and ordering the killing of a member of their own family .
AP
Oops , you have n't selected any newsletters . Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again .
BARCELONA , Spain ( AP ) — Cristiano Ronaldo has been banned for five games after shoving a referee following their red card during Real Madrid 's 3-1 victory over Barcelona in the Spanish Super Cup on Sunday .
The Spanish football federation said on Monday that Ronaldo has been suspended for one game for the red card and four games for pushing referee Ricardo de Burgos Bengoetxea in the back .
Ronaldo will miss Wednesday 's return leg of the Spanish Super Cup in Madrid plus the first four matches of the Spanish league season .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
TACOMA , Wash. -- Fliers of missing 15-year-old Lily Christopherson 's face are plastered all over the South Sound .
And Wednesday night , family and friends were patrolling motels in Tacoma . They 're looking for any information that might lead them to Lily .
Lily 's mother , Lena , reported them missing to the Bonney Lake Police Department on May 9 . Them family says Lily left home after agreeing to meet with someone on social media .
And , according to the Pierce County Prosecutor 's Office , evidence so far indicates she 's been forced into sex trafficking .
“ It 's terrifying . It is terrifying to be in that situation , I know that , ” says Noel Gomez , co-founder of Organization for Prostitution Survivors ( OPS ) .
Noel is a survivor herself ; they were trafficked as a teenager by the boyfriend they trusted .
“ They look for your vulnerabilities and they play on those , ” says Noel .
They say once a predator earns a teenager 's trust , they threaten to take their life .
`` They terrify you , they put the fear of God in you . I mean , this person has the power to decide if you live or you die , ” says Noel .
They say they were able to escape and get help , but it took them a long time to break free .
And that is what they stress -- that these situations are not solved overnight . And that 's why they say it 's so important that we continue to talk about Lily and the investigation and hold out hope .
Friends and family tell me they plan to be back out again searching for Lily on Thursday morning .
ANN ARBOR -- In sports , sometimes a player has to take one for the team . The same appears to be true in the plant world , where reduced individual growth can benefit the broader community .
The findings from the University of Michigan 's Paul Glaum and André Kessler of Cornell University help explain the persistence of some plant communities when theory predicts they should go extinct . The work is scheduled for publication Dec. 11 in Nature Communications .
`` We looked at how chemical defense cues from plants , meant to deter herbivores , can also deter pollinators , '' said Glaum , a doctoral student in the U-M Department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology . `` The surprising model result is that while this can lead to fitness losses for individuals , the population effects can be positive for pollinators and plants under some circumstances . ''
Many plants , including the wild tomato species used in this study , produce chemical compounds to repel insect pests and other hungry herbivores . But those same chemical defenses can reduce the number of visits to the plant by pollinators such as bees , resulting in less pollination of individual plants and decreased growth .
`` Biologists have puzzled over how such a costly defense mechanism can be maintained in these plant populations , '' Glaum said . `` How would a plant population with such a strategy persist ? ''
Glaum and Kessler developed a computer model showing that decreased growth of individual plants can benefit overall populations and community resilience by indirectly controlling herbivore population growth . The results introduce mechanisms of persistence into communities previously found to be prone to extinction in theoretical models .
Tomatoes and other plants produce repellent chemicals called volatile organic compounds in response to herbivore attacks . The presence of these so-called herbivore-induced volatile organic compounds can make the plant less attractive to pollinators , which can reduce pollen deposition and negatively affect individual plants , an effect known as herbivore-induced pollinator limitation .
Previous modeling studies have looked at the direct effects of herbivory on a three-species community : flowering plant , pollinator and herbivore . Some of those studies predicted extinctions because growing herbivore populations would reduce the number of plants , limiting resources available to pollinators . In response , the pollinator population would decline , lowering plant reproduction .
A downward spiral .
But Glaum and Kessler reached a different conclusion when they included herbivore-induced pollinator limitation ( HIPL ) in their model , which allowed them to examine broader , more indirect effects of herbivory on plant population persistence and community dynamics .
`` We show that the inclusion of mechanisms like HIPL into models generates the potential for unexpected population and community-level effects that can reduce the tendency for extinction and actually support community persistence , '' they wrote .
The modeling study suggests that the herbivore-induced release of protective chemical compounds limits population growth of both the pollinator and the flowering plant , thereby temporarily and indirectly restricting the growth of herbivore populations and preventing extinction .
Glaum and Kessler generated the model using data from a series of field experiments on the Pacific slope of the Peruvian Andes conducted by Kessler and their collaborators using the wild tomato species Solanum peruvianum . This plant is subject to attacks by a diverse set of herbivorous insects and is pollinated by wild bees .
The researchers measured both the release of herbivore-induced volatile organic compounds ( HI-VOCs ) by the wild tomato plants and pollinator visits at different levels of herbivory to determine how bee pollination changes as a function of the amount of herbivory experienced by a plant .
In the field , herbivory of the tomato plants was found to significantly lower pollinator visits due to the release of HI-VOCs . However , the modeling study showed that the mutually beneficial relationship between the flowering tomato plant and its bee pollinators -- as well as the overall system -- can persist through higher rates of herbivory than researchers had previously believed .
The work was partially supported by the National Institute of Food and Agriculture , U.S. Department of Agriculture , Multistate Grant under NE-1501 , awarded to the Kessler Lab .
# # #
April 20 NetEnt
* Says revenues for Q1 increased by 15.2 pct to SEK 398 million
* Q1 operating profit amounted to SEK 136 million , an increase of 6.3 pct
* Says for rest of 2017 , we see conditions for continued solid growth
* Reuters poll : Netent Q1 revenues were seen at 401 million SEK , EBIT at 143 million SEK
* Says we foresee an ongoing need to invest during 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
These seven criminals walked free from the court in January for crimes ranging from violence to selling toxic toys .
The courts have handed out suspended sentences and other punishments to offenders who came up before judges this month .
Baseball bat thug
This thug let themselves get “ completely out of control ” and threatened to kill police as well as drive their car at them – but still walked free from prison .
Callum McIntosh , of St Bede 's Crescent in Cambridge , ransacked their ex-partner 's Cambourne house following an argument before screaming and shouting at police and later returning to the house with a baseball bat .
The 26-year-old previously pleaded guilty to affray , dangerous driving , driving while disqualified and also with no insurance . They were sentenced at Cambridge Crown Court on January 18 .
McIntosh was handed a 14-month prison sentence , suspended for two years , together with a 30-day rehabilitation requirement and a three-month curfew .
They were aggressive , shouting at officers and saying they should come out and fight him , the court was told .
Police reinforcements arrived , but McIntosh had managed to escape the scene once again .
Officers arrived at their home in St Bede 's Crescent , where they spotted the same car parked outside . A search of the car revealed a baseball bat in the front foot well of the car .
As they were handed a suspended sentence , they sobbed and said ‘ thank you so much ' .
Teacher glassed in the face
A 23-year-old teacher could be left with permanent scarring after they were glassed in the face in a Cambridge bar , a court heard .
The victim was out with friends at Revolution bar in the early hours of October 22 last year ( 2017 ) when they tried to break up a confrontation between their friend and Samuel Alexander , of Church End , Rampton .
But they were left needing 49 stitches and further surgery after Alexander drunkenly lashed out in a “ moment of madness ” , smashing the glass into their face .
Alexander , also 23 , previously admitted one charge of GBH in relation to the attack and was sentenced at Cambridge Crown Court on January 18 .
Young teacher glassed in face could be permanently scarred after club attack
The mechanics worker was accompanied by their family to court , who became tearful in the public gallery as Alexander was handed a two year prison sentence - suspended for two years .
Cambridge could be losing its magistrates ' court
They were ordered to complete 250 hours of unpaid work , as well as £2,500 in compensation and £400 in court costs .
( Image : Trinity Mirror )
Rogue trader
A Cambridge rogue trader charged an elderly woman thousand to ‘ repair ' their roof – but used gaffer tape and caused more than £14,000 of damage .
Jobie Newland , of Malvern Road , Grays , Essex , was sentenced after pleading guilty to fraud at Peterborough Magistrates ' Court on January 17 following an investigation by Cambridgeshire and Peterborough Trading Standards .
The 28-year-old , previously of Sandy Park in Fen Road , Cambridge , walked free from court after magistrates handed them a nine-week prison sentence , suspended for one year .
This lying rogue trader who stole a couples ' life savings has been ordered to pay it all back
They were also ordered to complete 120 hours of unpaid work and pay £2,000 in compensation to theirs victim .
The case centred on a lady in Cambridge who asked JKJ Property Services to fix their gutters in December 2015 .
( Image : Cambridgeshire County Council )
Newland convinced their victim they also needed ‘ urgent ' repairs to their flat roof , quoting £6,000 to carry out the work .
After the work was complete , the lady noticed water leaking and damage – the court was told .
Newland and their labourer returned twice to fix the roof , but when they could n't get hold of them a third time the lady called in another roofer .
Newland was charged with fraud by false representation under section two of the Fraud Act 2006 .
Extreme pornography headteacher
A former headteacher who possessed extreme pornography and made indecent images of children has avoided jail .
Miraz Triggs , of Ickleton Road , Elmdon , near the Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire border , was charged with three offences of making indecent images of children , possession of extreme pornography , possession of prohibited images of children and distribution of indecent images of children .
The former head of the Da Vinci Studio School of Science and Engineering in Stevenage pleaded guilty to the offences at Colchester Magistrates ' Court on December 19 , last year .
( Image : Twitter / @ Davinci_school )
Triggs was sentenced on January 16 to 18 months imprisonment for making Category A images , 12 months for making Category B images , and six months each for making and distributing Category C images .
Triggs was also a member of staff at the Barnwell Middle School , also in Stevenage . A letter to parents and guardians at Barnwell Middle School said the allegations occurred while they were employed by the school - although there is no suggestion any pupils at the school were involved .
These are the faces of some of the worst paedophiles in Cambridgeshire
They were given a month for possession of prohibited images .
All sentences were suspended for two years .
Triggs was also ordered to carry out 240 hours of unpaid work and pay £425 in court costs .
They are now the subject of a 10-year Sexual Harm Prevention Order , and a 50-day rehabilitation requirement .
Chilli Hut attacker
A man who attacked a Chilli Hut security guard was sentenced this month - and the healthcare assistants who came to the victim 's aid were praised .
Evan Restall , of Lenton Close , Brampton assaulted the guard , who is in their late 40s , in Broadway , Peterborough on April 2 last year .
Restall has pleaded guilty to assault occasioning actual bodily harm ( ABH ) at Cambridge Crown Court .
This monster raped a young girl in their care three times and showed no remorse
The 22-year-old was sentenced to nine months in prison , suspended for 18 months .
They are now also subject to a curfew requiring them to be at their home address on Fridays , Saturdays and Sundays from 8pm to 6am for the next 6 months .
Toxic toy seller
A Cambridge counterfeit toy seller walked free from court after they were caught on eBay selling thousands of ‘ dangerous ' toys which had failed safety tests .
Kwun Ho Chan , of Wensleydale Street , Hartlepool , was handed a six-month prison sentence , suspended for two years , at Cambridge Crown Court on January 16 .
The 28-year-old , who previously lived on Apthorpe Way in Cambridge , was given 250 hours of unpaid work and disqualified as a director for two years .
Chan pleaded guilty to 12 charges relating to counterfeit toys and 13 toy safety failure offences .
Trading standards bosses say that one Big Hero 6 figure was found to contain more than 200 times the legal limit of phthalate - industrial chemicals known to be toxic if ingested .
Dodgy trader tried to stuff £2,000 in underpants when caught selling fake goods at Bourn Market
The director of K & B Station Ltd failed to work with several Port Authorities about unsafe or incorrectly labelled toys .
The charges relate to toys which included Disney 's Frozen , Secret Life of Pets , Despicable Me , Paw Patrol , Pokémon , Hello Kitty , Arsenal , Peppa Pig , Angry Birds and Big Hero 6 .
In October 2016 , the selling name ‘ Kingbox Station ' was identified on eBay after a ‘ Frozen ' doll was purchased and infringed copyright .
A search was carried out at Chan 's former home in Cambridge , and more than 5,000 of counterfeit and potentially unsafe toys were seized .
Chan denied having any other storage facility for the toys – but one was found and it was clear from CCTV it was emptied soon after the house was searched .
Chan was also charged with money laundering under the Proceeds of Crime Act , which will remain on file .
All of their counterfeit and unsafe goods were ordered to be forfeited and destroyed .
By Hayden Wright
A trailer has been released for the next sequence of Carpool Karaoke videos , and the lineup is stellar . The CBS late-night segment will stream on Apple Music in a similar format , but with new guests and even crazier moments behind the wheel . The concept , which has broken YouTube records and dominated social media , remains as simple and delightful as ever . Only this time , a rotating cast of celebrities will replace James Corden .
Related : Adele 's ‘ Carpool Karaoke ' is the Most Popular Viral Video of 2016
Here are the moments we 're most excited for :
Metallica making their headbanging mark on Rihanna 's “ Diamonds ” with Billy Eichner .
John Legend duetting on with Alicia Keys on their breakout hit , “ Falling . ”
Ariana Grande belting the Little Shop of Horrors soundtrack with Seth MacFarlane .
James Corden 's return with Will Smith — they rap the Fresh Prince theme !
Chelsea Handler slinging whiskey and singing Bon Jovi 's “ Living on a Prayer ” with Blake Shelton .
Corden also presides over an epic , R. Kelly-inspired key change for the Carpool Karaoke franchise — there 's a helicopter .
A new installment will drop on Apple Music each week and the premiere is “ coming soon . ”
Watch the preview here :
May 3 Sunoco LP
* Sunoco LP announces first quarter financial and operating results
* Q1 revenue $ 4.4 billion versus I/B/E/S view $ 3.86 billion
* Q1 loss per share $ 0.22
* Q1 earnings per share view $ 0.04 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sunoco LP - executed definitive agreement to divest a majority of company-operated convenience stores to 7-Eleven Inc for $ 3.3 billion
* Says same-store merchandise sales decreased by 1.1 percent during Q1
* Sunoco LP - excluding acquisitions , expects approximately $ 150 million to be spent on growth capital for full year 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division , part of the second-largest U.S. bank 's plan to cut costs .
Reshma Ragoonath
Reshma Ragoonath is a Trinidadian journalist with 16 years media experience with a strong background in print with their most recent stint at The Cayman Reporter . They have a BA in Mass Communications , as well as , an Associate degree in Journalism and Public Relations .
Iizasa Choisai ( 1387-1488 )
Founder of Katori Shinto-ryu , and hence one of the pioneers of traditional Japanese swordsmanship .
Originally printed in Kendo World Issue 1.2 , 2002 .
From the book Kenshi no Meigon , by Tobe Shinjuro . Translated by Alex Bennett .
* * *
hyōhō wa heihō nari
“ The Way of War is the Way of Peace ”
Victory over one 's enemy is superior to killing one 's enemy . The way of war is the way of peace . Strive to attain victory without resorting to violence .
In Japan there is an old saying “ War from the East , Music from the West ” . This is drawing distinction to the sophisticated court culture which was centred in Western Japan during the medieval period , namely Kyoto and the surrounding regions , as opposed to the rough and ready fighters from the Kanto region in the east of Japan ( Azuma no Kuni ) . Eastern Japan is the home of such shrines as the Kashima Jingu , and Katori Jingu , where bushi worshipped the gods of war . Azuma no Kuni is considered to be the birthplace of Japan 's martial culture .
Iizasa Choisai was born in Shimosa ( now known as Chiba Prefecture ) in 1387. they were an avid practitioner of sword and yari techniques from a young age and never failed to shine among their peers through their martial exploits in the many battes they participated . They became so well known that they were even summoned to the capital to serve the Ashikaga Shogun .
This was a time of great turmoil , and the house of Chiba , to which they belonged was destroyed , and its members scattered with the wind . Sensing their vulnerability in the world , Choisai at the tender age of 60 something ventured to the foot of the Katori Shrine and set about reassessing the meaning of hyoho , or martial arts and strategy . Day and night they tempered their mind and body with a harsh regime of self-inflicted training until they saw the inner secret of swordsmanship . They then proceeded to form their own school which they named Tenshin Shoden Katori Shinto-ryu as they interpreted their enlightenment as being a direct transmission from the deity of the Katori Shrine .
The revelation Choisai experienced was the realisation that “ the way of war is the way of peace . That is the way of attaining victory without engaging in combat. ” The term heiho “ way of peace ” is not unusual in other martial traditions . In fact , this concept was aspired to by many warriors , and they were by no means the only foloower of the martial way to reach this revelation . However , their legendary exploits show that they had a profound understanding of what it was meant to win without confrontation .
After they became famous throughout the land for their martial prowess , many a warrior would pay them a visit to try and extract some of their skill and wisdom . Of those travelling swashbucklers , some were determined not so much to learn from him , but to quash the mighty reputation of Choisai thereby enhancing their own . When confronted by such brash challengers , Choisai would quietly retreat to a kumazasa bamboo grove and sit themselves down on top of the stalks ( sasa albo-marginata– a low striped bamboo ) . The bamboo would neither wilt nor buckle , and it seemed as though they were floating above the stalks . Then they would invite the challenger to follow suit and join them on their chair of bamboo . “ If you can do what I am doing , I will take up your challenge for combat ” they would inform their bewildered antagonist . Suspicious , amazed , and frightened , they would retreat losing their will to fight altogether .
Choisai was confident that if they were to fight , they would not lose , but they could not see the point of defeating a foe that was obviously inferior in skill . To do so would only invite enmity , and such bad feeling is something to be avoided . “ Hostility is fired by hostility , and the vicious circle will continue perpetually . It is not until hostility is dispelled that peace will prevail . This is the natural way of things .
In the Shinto-ryu , this concept is still revered as the ‘ bamboo teaching ' ( kumazasa no oshie ) . It is not retreating to avoid a fearsome enemy . After all , who could have been more fearsome than Choisai , one of the most famous warriors of their time ?
There is an interesting anecdote from WWII concerning the famous General Yamamoto Isoroku . They were an advocate of arms reduction , and was against entering into an alliance with Germany and Italy ( Tripartite Pact ) . Because of these attitudes , which ran counter to the prevailing ultra-nationalistic militarist attitudes of the time , they were ostracized by many who accused them of being a coward , weak , and unpatriotic . One day , a group of their colleagues decided to go and confront them openly about their views , and hopefully convince them of the error of their ways . It would n't do to have a general of the Imperial Army going against the grain of populat thought . They entered their quarters only to find them standing on their head . Apparently , they were skilled at the art of head standing , and was able to remain in this awkward position for hours at a time . Their would-be impeachers were gobbed smacked , and timidly retreated not knowing quite how to react to this bizarre display .
General Yamamoto was well aware of their grievances , and did not need to be informed of them any further . It would only end up in them having to reiterate their stance , and such argument would do nothing but create further awkwardness and an air of hostility . Thus , the problem was averted , and no unnecessary enmity resulted . This is the essence of kumazasa no oshie .
Choisai died at the grand old age of 102 , and their tradition was continued by famous warriors such as Matsumoto Bizen-no-Kami , Tsukahara Bokuden , and Kamiizumi Ise-no-Kami . It is still practised to this day at the dojo in Katori , and the bamboo grove at the back is as thick as ever .
LONDON ( AP ) — Manchester United benefited from a controversial red card and an equally debatable goal to beat 10-man West Ham 2-0 in the English Premier League on Monday , earning a sixth successive victory .
Substitute Juan Mata gave United the lead before Zlatan Ibrahimovic secured victory from what clearly appeared to be an offside position , after referee Mike Dean had controversially dismissed Sofiane Feghouli in the opening stages .
Despite its man-advantage , United struggle to break down the home side for long spells and required a number of strong saves from goalkeeper David de Gea to keep West Ham out .
Feghouli , making their first Premier League start for West Ham , was sent off after just 15 minutes for a lunging challenge on Phil Jones , which replays showed to have been a harsh decision .
Advertisement
Manuel Lanzini brought two strong saves from the United keeper before the break , while Michail Antonio was denied by the Spaniard when through one-on-one on the hour mark .
But West Ham was made to pay just three minutes later with Mourinho 's alterations proving crucial as Marcus Rashford beat two defenders before setting up fellow substitute , Mata , to finish from close range .
United wrapped up the victory when Ibrahimovic reacted first as the ball bounced off Ander Herrera to fire low and hard past Randolph from just inside the box , with replays showing the striker had been marginally offside .
United had failed to make inroads until the 35th , when West Ham goalkeeper Darren Randolph produced one of the saves of the season , before Jesse Lingard produced an equally spectacular miss .
Antonio Valencia was set up at the back post after good work from Ibrahmovic and Henrikh Mkhitaryan , but was foiled by the sprawling Randolph , who prevented the ball from crossing their line by the narrowest of margins .
The rebound fell to Lingard with the goal at their mercy , but they could only direct their effort onto the post from two yards ( meters ) out , with West Ham somehow escaping as the ball bounced into Randolph 's hands .
United remains sixth in the table , but has now moved within five points of second-place Liverpool , which was held to a 2-2 draw at Sunderland earlier on Monday .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Andy Dunn did n't start out with an interest in fashion . But they ended up co-founding an online menswear company called that targets customers like him : male shoppers who want a wardrobe of nice-fitting clothes but need help .
The company called Bonobos started out in 2007 with a line of men 's pants — a curved waist band with a flattering fit . They were different from what was out there and were designed by their good friend and now business partner Brian Spaly . Bonobos now has expanded into an array of other products including shirts , ties , belts and jackets . It 's also opening showrooms called Guideshops , where customers try on the clothes with the help of stylists . But there 's no inventory so customers order online at the store and have their clothes delivered to their homes or office a few days later . It now operates more than 30 stores scattered around key cities like Chicago , New York and Atlanta . It plans a total of 100 by 2020 .
However , when Dunn thought of the idea of selling clothes online ten years ago as a Stanford business school graduate , it was seen as crazy . Who would buy clothes online ? But Dunn , with Spaly , whom they met at Stanford , pushed hard , selling pants from cars and going door-to-door . And now , analysts view Bonobos and other similar clothing startups as collective threats to traditional mall-based clothing chains , which have been closing locations as they adjust to shoppers ' shift online .
During an interview with The Associated Press , Dunn spoke about the first moment when they fell in love with a pair of pants designed by Spaly and what 's they learned . Below are the highlights of the interview , edited for length and clarity .
Advertisement
Q : You were n't interested in fashion growing up .
A : I 'm kind of the least likely person that you could imagine being a CEO of a fashion company , and yet at the same time I think it 's almost perfect , because Bonobos is really built to make it easier for guys to get great clothes , and so , in a way I feel like it 's that bad hair commercial . Not only am I the founder , but I 'm also a customer . We built the brand not only for guys who have great fashion sense , but for guys who need a little bit of help . Everything from our customer service ninjas to our Guideshops is built around the idea that it 's not always easy for men to buy clothes .
Q : What opportunity did you see in the direct to consumer men 's fashion industry that no one else seemed to see ?
A : Well , the reality is , it was a hard thing to see . It was 2007 . A lot of people were saying that most folks would n't be buying clothes online . We still were in an era where it was assumed that Amazon would never sell clothes , so the idea not only that you could sell clothes online , but you could actually build a better brand from the ground upstarting with the internet , was kind of a crazy idea .
Lo and behold , five years later not only do we have that experience on the internet , but we 've invented a store model with our Guideshops .
Q : What was your aha moment ?
A : It actually came on a driveway in Atherton , California . We were playing games in the driveway , which is a typical graduate school behavior , having fun , and my co-founder had these amazing turquoise pants that they brought out . I put them on for the first time and I just remember this sense of joy . It was just fun and I had never really thought of wearing pants as fun . It was always something that I did because you 're not allowed to walk outside without pants , but all of a sudden pants were fun .
Q : Can you set the scene around the time you launched ?
A : It was so exciting what was happening in Silicon Valley at that time . Facebook was coming off the ground and Twitter had just been launched . I really wanted to build something on the internet and here 's this guy , my good friend , who 's made a better-fitting men 's pant . The curved waistband , the right fit in the rise , the right fit through the thigh , really confidence inspiring fit , and I thought , ‘ Wait a second , maybe this physical product is actually the internet company that I 've been looking for . ' Maybe by taking this great product and selling it online we can deliver better service , more fit , more size and get out to a much wider group of people than the traditional way retail brands are built . Make it almost instantly available to the whole country .
So here we were running around school having guys try on pants . Guys are like dropping their pants behind parked cars and trees , giving us checks and cash to buy the product . At some point we woke up and we had tens of thousands of dollars from selling pants and that 's when you can kind of humbly say to yourself , ‘ Maybe we 're on to something . '
Q : How do you decide what products to take on next ?
A : We actually got it wrong at first , which is equally helpful in life to getting it right , because you learn acutely and quickly through pain . It tells you what to avoid . What we did was we went from pants into swimsuits . We told ourselves that our joie de vivre in the print energy of the brand was the thing , because we had these really cool prints that we did in the pocket liners . And part of us believed that the design ethos was the most important thing . Our swimsuits bombed . It 's not that we did n't sell any , but we just sold very few .
In fact , for half a decade we had a cave called the swim cave in our offices where we kept the excess inventory of the swimsuits because we did n't have the courage to liquidate it . So we learned that actually design matters , but the design is most important when it runs through a great fit to begin with .
__
This interview was conducted by The Associated Press in collaboration with the mobile video storytellers at VERITE . To view video highlights on the discussion , click here : https : //twitter.com/APBusiness/status/853974256824328192
By : Will Burchfield
@ burchie_kid
Stan Van Gundy knows the importance of star players in today 's NBA and they admit , in this regard , the Pistons have a dearth .
But they are n't sure how to fix it .
“ That 's just not something I can really answer . Most of the stars that teams have in the league have come through the draft . There are obviously exceptions , but not a whole lot . It 's usually high draft picks that turn into stars . We 've got a team that does n't have anybody that was drafted in the top seven in any year on the roster , and it gets difficult , ” Van Gundy told the Jamie and Stoney Show on 97.1 The Ticket .
The Pistons have picked no higher than eighth in the past six years and have n't had a top-five pick since 2003 ( Darko Milicic , second overall ) . Their highest draftees on the current roster are Stanley Johnson ( 2015 , eighth overall ) and Kentavious Caldwell-Pope ( 2013 , eighth overall ) .
Detroit will most likely have the No . 12 pick in the upcoming draft , with a 2.5 percent chance of moving into the top three . Even in a deep draft class , it 's unlikely they 'll land a star player .
“ Trades are your other way , ” Van Gundy said , “ but you 're generally not getting big stars in a trade . Does n't mean you ca n't , it has happened , Boston got Isaiah Thomas and they turned into a star . ”
The Pistons , and Van Gundy especially , are holding out hope that Reggie Jackson can develop in the same manner . They showed promising signs in their first two seasons in Detroit after being acquired from the Thunder , but regressed in their third , hampered by a balky left knee .
“ I think that if you look back two years , Reggie and Isaiah Thomas were on very , very similar levels and then Isaiah really had a great year this year and blossomed , and Reggie , with the injury and everything else , went backward , ” Van Gundy said .
Andre Drummond is another player who has star potential . But after progressing in each of their first four seasons and earning an All-Star selection in 2015-16 , they seemed to plateau in 2016-17 . Their scoring average ( 13.6 ) fell by 2.6 points and their rebounds ( 13.8 ) fell by one .
“ I think if you look , they essentially had almost exactly the same season they had a year ago , ” Van Gundy said . “ It was n't just with Andre , but we needed them to take a step forward . I do n't think they did that , but I do n't think they took the step back that people think they took , either . If you look at the numbers , they really could n't be much more similar , they really had the same year that they had a year ago . We needed them to be better , but it was n't a step back . ”
Van Gundy is trying to emulate the roster construction of the mid-2000s Pistons , who were built around a core of solid players rather than a transcendent superstar or two . Given the current team 's relative youth , they still have faith in this plan .
“ It 's really a tough proposition , getting stars in this league — not easy to do and not easy to become a great team without them . With us , I think it 's more the model of what happened here in 2004 . But even with that , we need some guys to take some steps forward and , quite honestly , we did n't get those steps forward from enough guys this year . We 're still in an age range where we should be able to expect significant improvement and we 're going to need to get that this offseason for us to move forward , ” said Van Gundy .
By The Associated Press
Includes games of Saturday , December 9 , 2017
Team Offense
G Pts Avg Golden State 27 3165 117.2 Houston 24 2746 114.4 Toronto 24 2672 111.3 Cleveland 27 2984 110.5 New Orleans 27 2976 110.2 Indiana 27 2943 109.0 Brooklyn 25 2714 108.6 Philadelphia 26 2814 108.2 Denver 26 2790 107.3 Minnesota 27 2892 107.1 Phoenix 28 2998 107.1 Orlando 28 2995 107.0 Washington 26 2767 106.4 L.A. Lakers 25 2650 106.0 L.A. Clippers 24 2527 105.3 Charlotte 25 2616 104.6 New York 26 2704 104.0 Boston 28 2909 103.9 Milwaukee 25 2597 103.9 Atlanta 26 2692 103.5 Portland 25 2583 103.3 Detroit 26 2682 103.2 Utah 27 2783 103.1 Oklahoma City 25 2544 101.8 San Antonio 27 2741 101.5 Miami 25 2506 100.2 Dallas 27 2702 100.1 Memphis 26 2553 98.2 Chicago 25 2423 96.9 Sacramento 26 2498 96.1
___
Team Defense
G Pts Avg Boston 28 2714 96.9 San Antonio 27 2636 97.6 Oklahoma City 25 2474 99.0 Utah 27 2698 99.9 Portland 25 2530 101.2 Memphis 26 2641 101.6 Detroit 26 2658 102.2 Houston 24 2478 103.2 Dallas 27 2794 103.5 Toronto 24 2484 103.5 Miami 25 2590 103.6 New York 26 2698 103.8 Milwaukee 25 2595 103.8 Washington 26 2704 104.0 Sacramento 26 2742 105.5 Golden State 27 2864 106.1 Minnesota 27 2870 106.3 Chicago 25 2670 106.8 Charlotte 25 2671 106.8 Cleveland 27 2894 107.2 Indiana 27 2902 107.5 Denver 26 2799 107.7 L.A. Clippers 24 2589 107.9 L.A. Lakers 25 2718 108.7 Atlanta 26 2828 108.8 Philadelphia 26 2829 108.8 Orlando 28 3102 110.8 New Orleans 27 2996 111.0 Brooklyn 25 2778 111.1 Phoenix 28 3220 115.0
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
More Videos
1:11 So , you know everything about the Fort Worth Stock Show and Rodeo . Sure about that ?
0:20 Arlington and Grand Prairie police need help identifying two purse snatchers
0:26 OU fraternity sued over injuries to son of former Dallas Cowboys star
1:20 Nervous about jogging after the attacks in Tarrant County ? Keep these safety tips in mind
1:26 Hyperloop One promises travel in a tube at jet speeds . So how do they do it ?
2:48 West side motel owner ordered to clean up or face closure
2:13 Grapevine PD releases new parking lot video to help ID Target man accused of lewd comments
2:06 Grand Prairie wins first place award for parks and recreation programs , beats Arlington
0:47 Need party planning ideas ? Watch the Fort Worth Zoo 's baby ape celebrate their first birthday
0:42 Arlington police need help identifying this man accused of using stolen credit cards
1:21 Where should you go for a drink in the area ? These five places lead Tarrant County in alcohol sales
A group of travellers who have set up in Fulbourn are thought to be the same group who left Stapleford on Sunday ( August 13 ) .
On Friday , around 30 motor-homes and caravans arrived in Stapleford and parked up on the recreation ground . An eviction notice was served , giving them until 5pm on Saturday ( August 12 ) to move on .
Cllr Peter Topping , leader of South Cambridgeshire District Council , said the South Cambs Planning Enforcement team had attended the recreation ground and said they were confident the actions being taken by the parish council were the correct ones .
Now , what is thought to be the same group of travellers has set up on the Ida Darwin site in Fulbourn .
We 'll be keeping you up to date with the latest developments on this story as they happen . See below for all the latest .
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app . It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple 's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
A salad does n't have to be a bowl of cold and common vegetables . Put the iceberg aside and try these warm salads this winter .
Craving warmer weather ? This warm scallop salad has all the flavors of summer .
WASHINGTON — A salad does n't have to be a bowl of cold and common vegetables . Put the iceberg aside and try these warm salads this winter .
Scroll through the gallery above for 10 different warm salad recipes .
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform . Need help ? Email us
comments
Follow @ WTOP on Twitter and like us on Facebook .
© 2017 WTOP . All Rights Reserved .
Ground beef , rice , nacho cheese , sour cream , and crunchy tortilla strips get wrapped in an orangish tortilla and paired with a large packet of exploding candy :
* Spot gold may test support at $ 1,240/oz -analyst * Dollar index steady ahead of Fed meeting * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns : http : //tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl ( Adds MKS comment , updates prices ) By Apeksha Nair Dec 12 ( Reuters ) - Gold was slightly higher on Tuesday , just up from its lowest in nearly five months in the previous session , and ahead of the start of a two-day U.S. Federal Reserve meeting . Spot gold rose 0.2 percent to $ 1,244.74 an ounce by 0736 GMT , after hitting its lowest since July 20 at $ 1240.10 on Monday . U.S. gold futures fell 0.1 percent to $ 1,246.30 an ounce . `` Bullion staged a modest recovery during Asian trade today as demand out of China underpinned price action , '' MKS PAMP trader Sam Laughlin said in a note . Meanwhile , the dollar was slightly weaker versus the yen but held firm near two-week highs versus a basket of major currencies as traders awaited results from the U.S. Fed 's policy meeting for a fresh catalyst . `` I would expect gold to remain offered on any rally and ... to retest its overnight lows around $ 1,240 , '' said Jeffrey Halley , a senior market analyst with OANDA . `` I think that gold has shifted into a new trading range of $ 1,210- $ 1,260 from $ 1,260- $ 1,310 and if the Federal Open Market Committee statement is hawkish gold will come under pressure again . '' At the meeting , which concludes on Wednesday , the U.S. central bank is widely expected to raise benchmark interest rates for the third time this year and comment on the pace of further rate hikes . `` We expect a steady grind lower in gold , at least through Wednesday , '' said INTL FCStone analyst Edward Meir . `` Depending on how hawkish the wording is , gold could drift lower still , as charts do not show any meaningful support at least until $ 1,205- $ 1,210 , '' Meir said . Gold is sensitive to rising U.S. interest rates , as these increase the opportunity cost of holding non-yielding bullion and boost the dollar , in which it is priced . Analysts at Standard Chartered noted that gold would likely recover quickly from its recent lows if the meeting outcome proves to be a dovish hike . Reuters technicals analyst Wang Tao said spot gold may bounce moderately to a resistance at $ 1,250 per ounce , as it has stabilized around a support at $ 1,239 . Among other precious metals , silver rose 0.4 percent to $ 15.77 an ounce . Platinum was up 0.3 percent at $ 887.40 an ounce , while palladium was 0.1 percent lower at $ 1,008.90 an ounce . The platinum discount to palladium widened to around $ 120 last week , the steepest since April 2001 . ( Reporting by Apeksha Nair in BENGALURU ; Editing by Tom Hogue and Subhranshu Sahu )
SEARCH
SEATTLE ( KGTV ) -- Newly released body camera footage shows the moment police officers nabbed a pair of thieves trying to walk out of a Seattle-area Costco carrying $ 2,200 worth of laptops and vacuums .
On March 14 , South Precinct officers responded to a call at about 5:30 p.m. of a shoplift in progress at the Costco , police said . Loss Prevention officers inside the store recognized one of the suspects inside and said they had previously stolen items in the past and run out the fire exit .
Responding Seattle Police Department officers spotted a female driver inside a black Toyota that was backed up to the store 's emergency exit doors . The officers pulled their patrol vehicle in front of the Toyota to prevent it from leaving and contacted the 18-year-old woman , police said .
As police were talking with the woman , they could hear someone attempting to open the doors .
`` Moments later , two suspects , a 30-year-old man and a 21-year-old woman opened the emergency doors and attempted to walk out of the store carrying stolen computers and vacuum cleaners , '' police said .
Officers located a 7″ fixed blade from the male suspect . According to the security personnel , the suspect had carried a large knife in past incidents .
The male suspect was later booked into the King County Jail for investigation of robbery , while the two women were booked for investigation of theft , police said .
Alessandro Dell'Acqua is continuing to shape the image of the Rochas woman with the combination of very feminine silhouettes and rich fabrics .
There was an innocent flair running through the lineup . Organza dresses embellished by plissé and ruffles showed a delicate pattern of lullabies , which also appeared as embroideries on a silk shirt with patch pockets worn with a cardigan and a striped pencil skirt .
Baby blue and white vertical stripes injected a fresh touch on a silk mini tunic dress with a sweet collar and lingerie-inspired details . Its fluid appeal contrasted with the textured jacquard brocade in a micro pattern of buds crafted for a flared midi skirt paired with a coordinated sleeveless top .
While the collection was strong on soft , pastel tones , Dell'Acqua introduced some pops of bright colors , including the deep red of a chic robe coat cinched at the waist with a thin belt , as well as the orange of a trenchcoat and a maxi strapless bustier gown .
See More From the 2018 Resort Collections :
Reem Acra Resort 2018 : Reem Acra 's resort collection was all about clean evening separates and bold colorblocking .
Nicole Miller Resort 2018 : The classic Nicole Miller girl exudes an edgy vibe , and for this resort collection , this was no exception .
Erdem Resort 2018 : The designer drew inspiration from the surrealist paintings of Sylvia Fein to the abstract collages of the German Dada artist Hannah Höch .
RtA Resort 2018 : Eighties ' and Nineties ' influences were mixed and matched in this glamorous resort collection infused with a rock'n'roll appeal .
Tadashi Shoji Resort 2018 : The designer channeled Jane Birkin for a collection of flirty separates and a bohemian spirit .
Erika Cavallini Resort 2018 : Sartorial elements were introduced in this resort collection celebrating an effortless elegance .
Godrej Bellery Road bangalore is a world-class project mutually 2 BHK and 3 BHK apartments to what place you boot perpetually find a wonderful life for thick to crystal ball gazer family . The best part about project is endured of a developer which has got a end of projects in its want across the nation . You can eternally find the amazing fascinate and a handwritinged on the wall of features in these arts and science overall by the whole of world-class amenities in Godrej Bangalore . It has generous corridors and balconies in each coop , along by all of a whale of a walkway and rapid lifts along by all painstaking housekeeping services from professionals .
Sammy 's Dreamland is a Godrej Bellary Bangalore new launch project in Bellary Road Bangalore . It is the most sought-after locality in the city which is growing rapidly with ultimate road connectivity to major IT landmarks like Electronic City , Marathahalli , Koramangala , Outer Ring Road , and Whitefield.The Godrej new launch offers 1 , 2 , 3 and 4-bedroom apartments at best price ranges . In this project , you will be able to access comfortable living for the family . It is going to exceed your expectation at a great location of a good home with world-class infrastructure with vast open spaces and exclusive design .
A pleasant Godrej Bellery Road bangalore Apartments is nothing if you do n't have access to important amenities . Like every other residential apartment , you can have all the important amenities for your overall well-being , good health , and relaxation . Whether you are a yoga lover , sports enthusiast , and whether you are a health freak or love to dip in the pool , there is a huge range of amenities for all of you . It has well-trained staff to help you in well-designed rooftop clubhouse where you can enjoy your weekends and relax in peace . The clubhouse offers luxurious experience and it makes it one of the best gateways for weekend . Apart from the picture-perfect views of serene surroundings , this residential landmark has a range of amenities for posh and modern living .
Major Highlights of Godrej Bellery Road bangalore Apartments
• Godrej BELLARY ROAD , as a result of a okay structure , has great lot advantages , by the whole of three sides unmask area . It has amply ventilated rooms to provide great accommodation . All of these units are hurricane resistant .
• It has amply designed and ventilated flooring .
• The bathrooms have branded un adulterated and household furnishing fittings from Hindware , Jaquar or evocative make .
• Concealed electrical and gift fittings by all of PVC insulated mutually modular switches and copper wires in Godrej Bellary Bangalore .
• All of the vacate and newcomer points have analysis cameras and warranty cabins .
Godrej Bellery Road bangalore is supported to hav8e a quite few time for generally told the renters in the Residential city . Godrej BELLARY ROAD enjoys great connectivity to bodily the practice landmarks savor malls , schools , hospitals , ATMs and banks , and pause stores . Godrej BELLARY ROAD will be offered mutually cycling tracks , gym , yoga play area , jogging concatenate , haicrdresser , old debility area , and stream sidewalk etc . This beautiful launch project is enjoying nimble connectivity . So , spur up and encumber your units today .
With the continuation class all the comforts of home that are accessible in this township , you can absolutely rely on Godrej BELLARY ROAD . You can eternally find several of the world-class all the comforts of home of new times . It has satisfaction area , yoga outshine , and gaming province to hold both kids and adults to dig the best anticipate to the fullest .
For added stake , Godrej Bellery Road bangalore has process management position , bucket of bolt vault position , win clear , refugee management route , and IP based audio tape door phone . For faith in oneself of your kids , it has GEO tags for kids , get monitoring app , kids reliable railing , youngster safety secure kitchen cabinets , pick up latrine seat feign , child okay locks , and shockproof relieve boards . For parents , it has brain child sensor lights , anthropoid medical penetrating alarms , anti-skid tiles in bed and toilet , and handrails in bathrooms . It has put a lid on services by the whole of 24×7 warranty and CCTV review , biometric attain at home and clubhouse and at some future timetually more for security of residents .
Godrej Bellery Road bangalore is met with to have clubhouse and multipurpose mansion in term to threw in one handwritinged on the wall with the members to dig all of your celebrations and festivals . If you comprehend to have outdoor games and you can dig various games , you can by the same token find sports all the comforts of home here . It further has a gym for chutzpah freaks with all the latest equipments for consistent workout .
Godrej Bellery Road bangalore is hard fast in Bangalore which is connected with a free hand to all the profession areas of your city . This area is located completely central rail rapid transit station and landing strip is unattended a few minutes away . Here , residents can decidedly connect with some of the circulating educational institutes and schools to what place they can win quality education .
Godrej Bellery Road bangalore is experienced to be an upmarket motion picture studio where you can find a lot of multispecialty hospitals so you can glut assured in status of whole emergency . For all your by the day needs , you can till death do us part find all the staple in the nearest regions only . Here , you can access every bistro in the close .
We , SRK Residency PVT . LTD. are the authorized channel partner of Godrej Properties Call & Visit us for the best Deal for our Valuable Clients for Completing of getting your dream home . We are the fastest growing company in providing home solutions . We completely understand your home requirements . Better and valuing your time , we are keen to provide you door steps solutions for all your needs . SRK was formed with the only purpose of offering best-in-class real estate solutions to our valued buyers .
Kindly visit www.srkresidency.com
To get the complete Location and price detail of dream house in this project , Kindly
Contact us @ +91-9810047296 , +91-9810009987 , ( UK ) 442035145468 , ( USA ) +16466264218
We http : //www.srkresidency.com deals in Apartments for completing your Dream Homes .
For best offer , Kindly Contact us for apartments in
http : //godrejs-elements.com | http : //godrejmeridien-gurgaon.com | http : //godrejbellaryroad.srkresidency.com | www.srkresidency.com/godrej-golf-links-luxury-villas-in-greater-noida | http : //www.srkresidency.com/godrej-origins-vikhroli-trees-godrej
Booking Starts Now . Call us at +919810047296
Godrej Elements Hinjawadi
Godrej Meridien Gurgaon
Godrej Bellery Road bangalore
Godrej Golf Links
Godrej Origins Vikhroli
PYONGYANG , North Korea ( AP ) — Former NBA star Dennis Rodman , on low-key return to Pyongyang , has given the North Korean sports minister a copy of President Donald Trump 's book “ The Art of the Deal . ”
It was n't signed by Trump , who was Rodman 's boss for two seasons of the “ Celebrity Apprentice ” reality TV show .
Rodman 's arrival on Tuesday came just hours after the North decided to release Otto Warmbier , an American university student who had been imprisoned for 15 years with hard labor for trying to steal a propaganda banner .
Warmbier , who had been confined for 17 months , has apparently fallen into a coma not long after their confinement began . Pyongyang said Thursday saying it decided to let them go for “ humanitarian reasons . ”
Advertisement
Officials in Washington and Pyongyang said Rodman played no role in the release .
A heartbreaking video of an emaciated polar bear is going viral online .
The video , shot by National Geographic photographer Paul Nicklen , was taken in Canada inside the Arctic Circle .
It shows the starving bear struggling to walk , scavenging for anything to eat . Nicklen said they did n't want the bear to die in vain .
In the days since they posted the footage , Nicklen said he 's been asked why they did n't intervene .
“ Of course , that crossed my mind , ” Nicklen told National Geographic . “ But it 's not like I walk around with a tranquilizer gun or 400 pounds of seal meat . ”
Plus , in Canada , feeding polar bears is illegal . That does n't mean Nicklen was n't affected .
“ We stood there crying—filming with tears rolling down our cheeks , ” they said .
The video also has definitely struck a nerve with those who have viewed it , prompting a steady conversation about the sensitive topic of global warming .
Experts say the half-ton bears find large quantities of seals on sea ice . They 're even used to not having food for several months during the summer while they wait for the ice to form again .
But warming temperatures and rising seas have prevented the ice from solidifying , and polar bears are staying longer on the land looking for food , often times with little success , environmentalists say .
“ When scientists say bears are going extinct , I want people to realize what it looks like . Bears are going to starve to death , ” Nicklen told National Geographic . “ This is what a starving bear looks like . ”
Before E3 even got started yesterday , we felt like we had already been through an entire show in and of itself . Press conferences and livestreams from the console makers at Microsoft , Sony , and Nintendo set the agenda for what we 'll see on the Xbox One , PlayStation 4 , and Switch in the coming year . Splashy events from publishers like EA , Bethesda , Ubisoft , and Devolver Digital highlighted countless games that were previously unknown .
Before diving in for actual hands-on time on the show floor , Ars Culture Editor Sam Machkovech and I had a quick chat about what stood out to us in these marketing-focused , hype-soaked , bombastic press conferences . Watch the video above for our full thoughts , but here 's some quick bullet points :
Microsoft : Lots of variety ; 4K needed hands-on time to make an impression ; a few big franchises oddly missing
Sony : Very flashy ; let the games do the talking ; plenty of AAA narrative-driven titles
Nintendo : Tons of fan-service ; Mario Odyssey looks amazing
EA : Solid but unsurprising ; incremental line-up
Ubisoft : Mario and Rabbids looks surprisingly cool ; Beyond Good & Evil 2 was a long-delayed shocker
Bethesda : They made a freaking theme park ; VR Fallout and Doom are intriguing ; Wolfenstein II looks like a worthy sequel
Devolver Digital : The Adult Swim of E3 press conferences
Listing image by Electronic Entertainment Expo
Lots of people today need a brief term loan no less than one or twice in their lives , and several of them either do not possess a buddy or household member to borrow from , or they 'd rather not ask them for enable . Get additional details about https : //binixo.ph
Normally , the only out there option is always to take out what is generally called a ‘ fast cash loan ' , and there are actually numerous varieties of them obtainable for example , payday loans , immediate online payday loans , and instant cash loans etc . but whatever name they go by , they all have a single thing in widespread and that 's that their interest rates are exceptionally high .
You can find several upsides to these loans needless to say , and they may be that virtually everybody can qualify for certainly one of them , they can be applied for on-line , along with the cash extra usually than not arrives inside twenty 4 hours , except in case you request one particular just ahead of a weekend or maybe a public holiday .
It 's typical considering when needing one of these loans to merely feel that the high interest is what it is , and that there is merely no way to keep away from the elevated cost . This is not correct nevertheless , due to the fact the quantity that the borrower may have to spend back , can be lowered merely by following a handful of easy measures .
Probably the most clear 1st step , but typically an overlooked one particular is not to request the loan until the pretty final moment , along with the cause for that is that you are going to start paying interest of probably 20 % per week from the moment you get the money . In the exact same vein , it is best to pay it back as soon as you possibly can , since the final issue that you just want is for the loan to roll over and to have interest added to the interest .
Rather surprisingly , it is very frequent for persons which have poor credit ratings to borrow much more than they essentially need to have when they apply to get a ‘ fast cash loan ' , basically for the reason that they know that their credit wo n't be checked . Regularly , the only accessible selection would be to take out what exactly is commonly generally known as a ‘ fast cash loan ' , and you 'll find various kinds of them readily available for instance , immediate on the internet payday loans , payday loans , and immediate cash loans etc .
Soon after you have figured out the minimum that you can make do with and also you know the latest date that you just must have it by , you 'll want to begin comparing some on the net providers and carefully verify both the rates of interest and the terms on the loan for the reason that they 'll both differ rather lots . Check to see , when the loan is for any fixed term for instance a week or even a month , if there are actually any upfront charges , if there 's a minimum amount which you have to borrow , and final but not least , how lengthy it 'll take for you to obtain your hands around the income .
In conclusion , make certain that a ‘ fast cash loan ' is definitely what you need , and that a distinctive variety of loan would not improve suit your requirements . There are actually quite a few different forms of loans offered and they may all be less costly than a ‘ fast cash loan ' , and quite a few of them will not take a lot longer to method .
If you 're credit rating is reasonably fantastic and you can wait just a couple of days for approval , then take into account that route , and in the event you possess a good revenue and some equity then you 'll save your self many funds and stress by taking out a loan for a couple of thousand dollars that is repayable over a much longer time frame .
When you do not have time , an excellent credit rating or some sort of equity , but you do have a excellent buddy or household member that could assistance , then do look at telling them that you are about to take out a short term loan and inform them what it is going to cost you . The chances are fantastic that they 'll help you , but make certain that you spend them back on time also , due to the fact losing friendship is far worse than losing money .
Following the election of H.B . Charles as the first African American president of the Southern Baptist Convention ( SBC ) Pastors ' Conference , diversity has been among the anticipated emphases at this year 's conference .
BP file photo by Bill Bangham
H.B . Charles , 2018 SBC Pastors ' Conference president and pastor of Shiloh Metropolitan Baptist Church in Jacksonville , Fla. , preaches during the SBC 's 2017 annual meeting in Phoenix .
But Charles says diversity , while important , will be a secondary focus as pastors and their wives gather June 10-11 in Dallas . When selecting speakers to invite , faithfulness in the pastorate was their primary criterion , in keeping with the conference 's “ Fulfill Your Ministry ! ” theme , drawn from 2 Timothy 4:5 .
The racial and age diversity of the speakers – who are black , white and Hispanic – represents that “ God uses different persons , different personalities and different backgrounds , ” said Charles , pastor of Shiloh Metropolitan Baptist Church in Jacksonville , Fla .
Yet “ my first concern was that these men I 've invited are faithful preachers , ” Charles said , “ and that these are men who represent what 2 Timothy 2:15 says : that they rightly handle the Word of Truth . ”
The speakers also all “ share the commonality of having pastors ' hearts and knowing what it is to serve the Lord faithfully in the context in which they are called , ” they said .
Among the speakers is Frank Pomeroy , pastor of First Baptist Church in Sutherland Springs , Texas , who will share their testimony of trusting God after a gunman murdered 26 people , including Pomeroy 's daughter , during one of the church 's worship services last summer .
Along with preaching , the Pastors ' Conference will feature worship and prayer to undergird the ministry of pastors and their wives . The sessions at the Kay Bailey Hutchison Convention Center will be held prior to the SBC 's June 12-13 annual meeting there .
The worship team from Shiloh will lead music in every session , with special musical guests to be announced as the conference approaches . One musical highlight will be a combined performance by the choirs of Shiloh and Bellevue Baptist Church in Memphis-area Cordova , Tenn. , where SBC President Steve Gaines is pastor .
Speakers were not assigned biblical texts , Charles said , but each speaker was asked to address the topic of “ faithfulness in ministry . ”
Speakers for Sunday evening ( June 10 , 6-9 p.m. ) at the Pastors ' Conference will include Juan Sanchez , pastor of High Pointe Baptist Church in Austin , Texas ; James Merritt , pastor of Cross Pointe Church in Duluth , Ga. ; and Tony Evans , pastor of Oak Cliff Bible Fellowship in Dallas .
Monday morning ( June 11 , 9 a.m.-12 p.m. ) will feature messages from Bryan Carter , pastor of Concord Church in Dallas ; Cameron Triggs , pastor of Grace Alive in Orlando , Fla. ; and Jack Graham , pastor of Prestonwood Baptist Church in Plano , Texas .
Monday afternoon ( 1:30-4:30 p.m. ) speakers will include Ray Pritchard , president of Keep Believing Ministries in Dallas ; Pomeroy ; and Robert Smith , Charles T. Carter Baptist Chair of Divinity at Samford University 's Beeson Divinity School in Birmingham , Ala .
Monday evening ( 6-9 p.m. ) speakers will include Daven Watkins , pastor of First Baptist Church in Pelham , Ala. ; Charlie Dates , pastor of Progressive Baptist Church in Chicago ; and J.D . Greear , pastor of The Summit Church in Raleigh-Durham , N.C. , and a candidate for SBC president .
Charles hopes attendees will leave challenged and encouraged to persevere in ministry .
“ You get no credit for how well you start , ” Charles said . “ Anyone can start fast . The question is : Can you finish strong ? ”
The Pastors ' Conference is free and requires no registration . To learn more about this year 's schedule , sponsors and theme , visit sbcpc.net . You can also access information about the conference on Facebook and Twitter .
Childcare for children ages birth through 12 years will be offered during all Pastors ' Conference sessions . Child ages 4-12 may register for a conference provided by Children 's Conferences International at childrensconferences.com .
Southern Baptist Disaster Relief child care volunteers will offer childcare for newborns through age 5 during the Pastors ' Conference .
( EDITOR 'S NOTE – David Roach is chief national correspondent for Baptist Press , the Southern Baptist Convention 's news service . )
A 26-year-old Georgian man , Odysseas Sarides , is wanted by police in connection with a case of robbery , assault and battery , and theft , in Limassol , police said in a statement .
Releasing the suspect 's photo , police urged anyone with any information to contact the Limassol CID on 25805057 , their local police station , or the citizens ' hotline on 1460 .
RACINE , Wisc . - A Wisconsin man is accused of giving a nine-week-old infant vaping liquid .
The product is a mixture of chemicals used in e-cigarettes , which generally contains nicotine .
According to the criminal complaint , when police arrived on the scene , the infant was `` foaming at the mouth '' and appeared to be having a `` seizure . ''
When asked what happened , 30-year-old Dustin Appenzeller , the father of the infant , said they gave the baby `` a couple drops '' of vaping liquid and appeared calm and unconcerned .
During the incident , Appenzeller said , he 'd `` done it before '' and that `` it was fine . ''
The infant was transported to the Children 's Hospital of Wisconsin and treated .
Appenzeller faces a physical abuse to a child charge , which if convicted , carries a maximum sentence of six years in prison .
In the third week of September last year intensive care units across Australia struggled to function after being inundated with patients severely sick with the flu .
Professor David Pilcher at The Alfred hospital in Melbourne was working night shifts that `` shocking '' week and said the ICU was seriously under strain .
`` We had a large number of ventilated patients , we had patients on heart-lung machines , we almost ran out of dialysis machines to treat patients with kidney failure , '' said Prof Pilcher .
It was the busiest ICU they had worked in for years .
A study released on Thursday has now shown ICU admissions in Australia and New Zealand in 2017 peaked at levels not seen since the swine flu pandemic of 2009 .
Researchers at Monash University examined all admissions to 181 ICUs between January 2009 and December 2017 using the The Australian and New Zealand Intensive Care Society ( ANZICS ) Adult Patient Database .
Compared to past seasons , pneumonia and sepsis ICU admissions rose by as much as 50 per cent in 2017 - the highest seen since registry records began in 1993 .
This was the indirect consequence of the flu outbreak , Prof Pilcher said .
`` The intensive care data does n't specifically tell you about flu but what it does tell you about is admissions due to pneumonia and sepsis , severe life-threatening infections , '' they said .
Admissions progressively climbed over the winter period and then peaked the the week beginning September 17 .
`` That climb in admissions and peak exactly matched the flu notifications , '' Prof Pilcher said .
`` Anecdotally the patients that we were seeing coming in and filling up our ICUs , here in Melbourne and in Sydney and elsewhere around Australia , were patients with flu and with infections they got as a consequence of flu , '' they said .
At the peak , pneumonia or sepsis accounted for 16 per cent of all ICU admissions .
In 2017 , a record 1100 influenza-associated deaths were recorded , of which 90 per cent were elderly patients .
The flu virus can directly affect the lungs but also makes the body more vulnerable to other infections .
`` Because you are already sick when you get that infection you are more likely to get sepsis , which is the development of organ failure , '' explained co-author Dr Aidan Burrell .
`` Why one person gets it and another person does n't is difficult to say , '' they said .
But it 's not just old people who are at greater risk , they warned .
`` We saw many young people , particularly here at The Alfred , with very severe sepsis , '' Dr Burrell said .
They hope the study will better prepare ICUs for similar flu seasons and encourage people to get vaccinated .
`` Vaccination is a really important part of prevention of these outbreaks , '' Dr Burrell said .
Staying at home when sick and handwashing are also critical to prevent the spread of flu , they said .
`` If everyone does that we can really prevent another flu season like last year . ''
Why patients still ca n't buy medical marijuana in Philadelphia months after the new law kicked off
Why patients still ca n't buy medical marijuana in Philadelphia months after the new law kicked off Apr 23
The grand opening of one of the 50 Wawas in Florida , this one is one of many in the Orlando area . Gov . Rick Scott is in the center of the photo in the blue shirt .
Lawyers for thousands of former Wawa employees are asking a federal judge to approve a $ 25 million dollar settlement in a class-action lawsuit that claimed the convenience store chain forced ex-workers to sell their Wawa stock back to the company at an unfair price .
Though Wawa is privately held , workers can participate in an employee stock ownership plan ( ESOP ) to save for retirement . The ESOP 's stock holdings are valued at over $ 1 billion , according to the suit , roughly 40 percent of the company .
Greg Pfeifer was hired as a clerk in 1992 and rose through the ranks to work in the corporate center in Wawa , Pa. until leaving the company in 2009 .
Pfiefer , of West Chester , filed the class action suit in 2015 , claiming Wawa forced them to liquidate their stock that year at $ 6,940 per share , several hundred dollars less than the fair-market price .
Pfeifer argued in the suit that the company had promised employees they could hold the stock after leaving Wawa until they retired . They claimed that because Wawa forced them to sell , they lost out on investment gains as the company expanded along the East Coast .
About 2,300 former employees — who were vested in the program and had at least $ 5,000 in the ESOP — qualify as members of the suit . The portion of the $ 25 million each receives will depend on the amount of stock they owned . Pfeifer 's lawyers will be entitled to a maximum $ 5 million of the award , according to court documents .
Attorneys for both sides reached an initial agreement in late December 2017 . Wawa admitted no wrongdoing and said it had settled only to avoid future legal costs .
It was unclear Tuesday why the settlement was under a new review by U.S. District Judge Paul S. Diamond . A hearing has been scheduled for May 1 .
The attorney for the former employees , R. Joseph Barton , declined to comment . A Wawa spokesperson and attorneys for the company did not return calls requesting comment .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CLEVELAND , Ohio -- A man who allegedly killed an elderly father after they had enjoyed an Easter meal with their children -- then posted a video of the killing on Facebook -- is now the subject of a nationwide manhunt , Cleveland police said Monday .
Suspect Steve Stephens , 37 , stands charged with Sunday 's aggravated murder of 74-year-old Robert Godwin , and Cleveland police chief Calvin Williams said law enforcement nationwide are on high alert .
`` This is what we would consider a national search for Steve , '' Williams told reporters Monday afternoon . `` So , we are not going to leave any stone unturned . ''
The suspect 's mother said that when they last saw Stephens on Saturday , they said it would be a miracle if they ever saw them again . They spoke the next day , they said , and they told them they were shooting people because they were angry with their girlfriend .
Appearing alongside a US marshal and an FBI agent , Williams said investigators have searched dozens of locations , `` to no avail , '' and that one of their detectives had spoken to Stephens via cellphone after the killing . They did not elaborate on the call , other than to say the detective attempted to persuade Stephens to surrender .
`` We 're still asking Steve to turn themselves in , but if they do n't , we 'll find him , '' the chief said . `` We 're not going to stop until we find him . ''
They warned any of Stephens ' friends or family members who might assist them while he 's on the lam : `` If you think you 're helping Steve , you 're really not . You 're going to get yourself in trouble . ''
Williams and Cleveland Mayor Frank Jackson again pleaded with Stephens to surrender .
`` Steve , if you 're out there listening , call someone , whether it 's a friend or family member or pastor , '' Williams said .
The police chief said authorities did n't know whether Stephens was still in the Cleveland area . There was no evidence Stephens had left Ohio , Williams said .
Earlier , Cleveland police had urged residents in Pennsylvania , New York , Indiana and Michigan to be on alert .
Though Pennsylvania authorities said early Monday that Stephens ' cellphone had issued a `` ping , '' or a signal , in Erie , Pennsylvania , the Erie Police Department said Monday afternoon it had no knowledge of a ping emitted from its city . Erie is about 100 miles east of Cleveland .
Williams told reporters earlier on Monday they could n't speak to the report of a ping . Stephens ' last known location was the murder scene , they said .
Stephens is a black male who is 6-foot-1 and weighs 244 pounds . They were last seen wearing a dark blue and gray or black striped polo shirt . They were driving a white Ford Fusion with temporary license plates , Cleveland police said .
`` He is considered armed and dangerous , so we want people to be careful out there , '' Williams told reporters Sunday .
On Monday , Jackson announced a $ 50,000 reward for information leading to Stephens ' arrest .
Horrific footage
The investigation and search for Stephens began Sunday after several people reported an alarming Facebook post , Cleveland police union president Steve Loomis said
Stephens uploaded a video to their Facebook page showing a gun pointed at a man 's head . Stephens fires the weapon . The victim recoils and falls to the ground .
The video was posted around 2 p.m. Sunday . Facebook later took it down , calling it prohibited content .
`` We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook and are in touch with law enforcement in emergencies when there are direct threats to physical safety , '' a Facebook spokesperson said in a statement .
Stephens claimed on Facebook that they committed multiple homicides , but police said they had no knowledge of other victims as of 9 a.m . ET Monday . They have many traffic violations but no criminal record , Williams said .
`` Obviously , he 's got deep , deep issues , '' the chief said .
As Cleveland police and the FBI were searching for Stephens on Sunday , more than 300 tips poured into the department , police said .
No confirmed sightings of Stephens were reported as the search moved into Monday .
'If you see me again , it 'll be a miracle '
Stephens ' mother , Maggie Green , said the oldest of their three children came by their house Saturday afternoon .
`` He said this ( was ) the last time I was going to see him , '' recalled Green , 53 .
Green , a former clerk at the Justice Center Complex in Cleveland who is now on disability , said the conversation confused them
`` If you see me again , it 'll be a miracle , '' they quoted them as saying .
On Sunday , Green learned about the shooting when their youngest son told them about the video .
They were `` just dumbfounded '' and called Stephens . They told them they were `` shooting people '' because they were `` mad with their girlfriend '' of about three years , they said , explaining it was a brief phone call because their phone died .
Williams said police have spoken to the woman Stephens was referencing and they are safe and cooperating with the investigation . The woman 's neighbors told CNN that Stephens often stayed at their Twinsburg home with their three young girls . One resident said Stephens was there two days ago fixing the home 's garage .
'We are shocked '
Police have not talked about a possible motive in the shooting . Stephens and Godwin did n't know each other , authorities said .
`` From what we can tell now , it 's just a random person that they picked out . We do n't know why , '' Chief Williams said .
Stephens is employed at Beech Brook , a behavioral health agency in northeastern Ohio that serves children , teenagers and families , according to a spokesperson for the facility .
`` We are shocked and horrified like everyone else , '' said Nancy Kortemeyer . `` To think that one of our employees could do this is awful . ''
Kortemeyer could not provide Stephens ' job title , nor could they say how long he 'd worked at Beech Brook . Stephens ' mother said they were a social worker .
Beech Brook was closed Monday `` for the safety of our employees , '' Kortemeyer said . `` At this point , we 'll just be closing today , but we 'll take it day by day . ''
Victim was ' a good man '
Robert Godwin was walking on the sidewalk when they met Stephens .
They were on their way home from an Easter meal at their children 's home when they were killed , CNN affiliate WOIO reported .
Brenda Haymon , Godwin 's youngest child from their first marriage , said they were a father of 10 .
`` He lived a good life . He 's a man people should model themselves after , '' they said .
One of their sons , Robert Godwin Jr. , told WOIO that their father 's death is n't real to them yet .
`` He is a good guy . ... He 'd give you the shirt off their back , and I 'm not just saying that for these cameras , '' they told the station . `` This man right here was a good man . I hate he 's gone ... I do n't know what I 'm going to do . ''
Williams told reporters that the victim 's family has reported several bogus GoFundMe accounts and asked that people refrain from contributing to any of them until the Godwins send out official details .
More Videos 1:32 The truth about prescription opioids and addiction Pause 1:32 Want an exotic pet in Fort Worth ? The Humane Society of North Texas has you covered 0:31 Tarrant County 's 10 Most Wanted Criminals , December 6 1:06 Video shows drunken driver nearly hit police , bystanders in Texas 0:39 Police find two children and man dead inside North Richland Hills home 2:54 Their nightclub empire made millions because you could buy cocaine in the bathrooms 0:55 Suspect still on the loose in shooting shooting near TCU , one dead 1:37 Shooting near Bluebonnet Circle 1:50 Motel owner dismisses complaint of bed bugs 2:37 In 90 Seconds : Texas Gun Laws Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Odometer headache continues for first-time Fort Worth car buyer . Lee Randolph of Fort Worth bought a used 2004 Honda Accord in 2014 for about $ 12,000 . After finding out the odometer had been tampered with , their troubles just began . Lee Randolph of Fort Worth bought a used 2004 Honda Accord in 2014 for about $ 12,000 . After finding out the odometer had been tampered with , their troubles just began . Joyce Marshall jlmarshall @ star-telegram.com
Lee Randolph of Fort Worth bought a used 2004 Honda Accord in 2014 for about $ 12,000 . After finding out the odometer had been tampered with , their troubles just began . Joyce Marshall jlmarshall @ star-telegram.com
Need a break ? Play a quick game of solitaire or Sudoku . Or take one of our fun quizzes !
In addition to the Nouveau driver crew talking about their Vulkan plans and other open-source work , Nicolai Hähnle of AMD represented the company 's work on their Radeon Linux graphics driver stack ( s ) and the work they have going on for improving their GPU driver support.Hähnle 's presentation wo n't be too surprising if you are a regular Phoronix reader . If not you really should be reading the site daily for staying up to date with all of the Linux graphics news and more ! The milestones talked about include the mainlining of AMDGPU DC , AMDVLK being open-sourced , the new unified AMDGPU-PRO package , OpenGL 4.5 conformance , and zero-day open-source hardware support . There are some nice graphics for those still trying to decipher the Radeon Linux graphics driver stack :
And a visual comparison of the three Radeon Vulkan Linux driver options currently available :
Nicolai did comment on some of the future plans for the official AMDVLK Vulkan driver . Plans include more LLPC ( LLVM ) optimizations for better shader compiler performance , CPU-limited performance optimizations , future GPU support , continued Vulkan support/extensions , Wayland support , and improvements for handling external contributions.The slide deck in full can be found here for those not in attendance at FOSDEM 2018 in Brussels .
Nicolai also had a follow-up presentation on the status of shaders in RadeonSI and their ongoing support for the NIR intermediate representation . The slides do mention `` why NIR '' and more for those frequently debating the merits of this approach in the forums . Nicolai believes the NIR back-end is close to feature parity but more performance work is needed . The Radeon NIR/shader presentation can be checked out here
× Heavy Hearts Observe Flag Day
OLD FORGE — The shooting Wednesday morning near the nation 's capital falls on Flag Day , a day meant to celebrate the red , white , and blue .
People observing the holiday in our area were also focused on the events in Alexandria , Virginia .
The Flag Day ceremony at the Lackawanna County Courthouse was one of many such ceremonies held in our area . They 're meant to honor the flag that unites us as a country .
Some folks celebrating earlier in the day in Old Forge said it felt like more divides us than unites us .
If you want to learn about service and sacrifice look no further than the lobby of Old Forge Manor on Flag Day . An honor guard , including two World War II vets , presided over the special ceremony .
“ That 's a way of expressing your love your country , for your fellow comrade . You can give service where it 's needed . It 's an honor and you feel good doing it , ” said World War II veteran Sam Guernieri .
This annual celebration of the red , white , and blue did n't feel as celebratory coming hours after a gunman opened fire on a group of Republican lawmakers and staff playing baseball near Washington D.C .
Authorities say the shooter could have had political motivations .
“ It 's come to a point where , really , everybody sounds angry . That 's where I think the problem is , ” said World War II veteran Sal Alimo . “ They feel that people in Washington are n't doing their job , period , and they 're frustrated and they take it out on somebody else . ”
“ We lock doors , we bolt the doors , to make sure nobody 's going to come in our home . It 's a very sad thing , but that 's what we have to do these days , ” added Guernieri .
The decorations at Old Forge Manor say , “ United We Stand. ” The folks here say outside these doors , there 's too much focused on what divides us .
“ It 's like a civil war , because you do n't know , you mention something about politics , you do n't know if the other guy is going to go off the deep end and get really angry with you , or whatever , people just fight among themselves , ” said Arlene Skrzysowski , Post 189 Greater Pittston AMVETS .
Many of the people we talked to say they do n't remember a time where political discourse was as emotionally charged as it is now , making community events like this one even more important .
March 28 Western Securities Co. , Ltd. :
* Says to issue 726.8 million shares of common stock , at the price of 6.87 yuan per share to its existing shareholders
* Says shareholders are eligible to purchase up to 2.6 new shares for every 10 shares they hold
* Says the company aims to raise up to 5 billion yuan through the rights issue
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/1ywi12
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
It 's not every day that someone can come along and build a site that earns a number-one overall ranking . However , that should still be your ultimate goal . Use the search engine optimization tips provided to you in this article and you can begin to climb those rankings on your way to that coveted top spot .
If you are trying to draw attention to your site or blog , post comments on the relevant blogs of others . This catches their attention and will at least lead to some traffic . In the best case scenario , you can even end up with a backlink and a recommendation from the other blogger .
When dealing with Meta and title tags on your pages , you have to remember to keep them very unique . In the world of SEO , finding a site that ranks highly without the proper keyword usage is extremely rare , and most of the top-ranking sites constantly change their tags and make them unique to the people who are searching in their particular market .
Add new content to your website in a consistent manner . This will keep your search engine rankings up because it will keep people coming back to your site to see what 's new on your pages . Additionally , new content that is well written with SEO in mind will attract the search engine bots . Adding great content to your website is a win-win proposition all around .
Before hiring an SEO company to represent your business , make sure you ask a lot of questions and what risks may be involved . Take a few days and do your own research . In broad terms , `` shop around '' so you get a sense of what sort of results you should expect from the company you are to deal with .
When you are trying to increase traffic you should avoid any kind of flash . Flash might look good on a website , but it does nothing to increase your search optimization . The problem with this is that you can not link a single page when using flash so try to stay away from it .
Keep the content as your base . The more content you have on your website , the more readers you will gain . No one likes to click on a site and be bombarded with links and advertisements . If you keep your own content front and center , readers will feel much more comfortable on your page and will likely keep coming back for more .
Using strong keywords can be beneficial when it comes to search engine optimization . Using keywords most relevant to your business or product will drive it to the top of different search engines , and help drive people to your site . Using too many keywords may flag you as a spammer so keep it to a few strong relevant keywords .
Create a great resource section to attract visitors and search engines to your site . A well-planned resource section makes your site look professional . It also gives you the appearance of being in a position of authority regarding your chosen subject matter . Keeping the resources updated and uncluttered is also important .
If you plan on utilizing JavaScript in the coding of your site , you should take special care to store the codes in an .JS external file format . This allows the search engine spiders to quickly locate , process and evaluate , how relevant your site content is without having to scan through an entire set of Javascript codes .
If you can , hire an SEO company or consultant to work with your website designer before your site goes up . It 's much easier to create a site that is optimized for certain keywords than it is to modify an existing site . An SEO consultant will have a better idea of how to best manage your website than a novice business owner .
Frames will break your search engine optimization , so do n't use them ! Search engine spiders ca n't view frames as anything more than the frameset code , which does n't tell them where to go . Instead of frames use CSS to lay out your page in a manner that is similar and works in the same manner .
Add your keywords to the anchor text of your included links . Links are another item that the search engines rank higher in importance than regular text . The more places of importance to the engine that you put your keyword , the higher they will value those words in determining where your site should be in the rankings .
People are now using search engine optimization to help them get free ranking on all the major search engines . You would alter your web content to include key components to be sure it is seen by these sites before your competition . You can even use HTML codes in the embedding to help you with SEO .
If you have many videos on your website , it 's best to create a video sitemap with keyword-rich descriptions . This will provide your readers with an index of all the videos on your website , and it will provide search engine spiders with a menu of all the juicy content they can sink their teeth into !
To optimize your site for search engine visibility , make sure to phrase your web addresses in such a way that they contain a lot of key words . website.com/forum ? =323124 wo n't help your ranking at all , whereas website.com/forum/kittens_and_puppies will improve your visibility in searches about kittens and puppies . Always use keywords instead of numbers where possible .
Again , search engine optimization has the potential to provide dramatic results for those willing to take the time to learn and apply its basic tenets . Once the fundamental strategies are mastered , it is possible to achieve tremendous success online . By diligently applying the tips included in this article , you can begin to harness the power of search engine optimization .
Ipswich Mayor Paul Pisasale back when they were excited about the city being named in the top seven smart cities in the world .
ROB Pyne 's explosive dirt file on Paul Pisasale has been slammed from all angles .
On Wednesday the Cairns MP tabled a four-page attack document in parliament alleging the former Ipswich mayor engaged in inappropriate behaviour during their years as a councillor and as mayor .
But key players named in the documents have denied the allegations . One has labelled it `` bullsh * t '' , and Queensland police maintain allegations of leaking had been investigated and dismissed .
The allegations , protected under parliamentary privilege , include :
- Mr Pisasale pressured local shops for free meals , haircuts and electrical goods ;
- They used a `` loophole '' to keep unspent election campaign expenses ;
- Ipswich police communication staffer Cate Carter leaked information to Mr Pisasale and they helped their unsuccessful run for council ;
- Mr Pisasale took public servants out to dinner to find out secrets ;
- Council-run companies were not financially transparent and may be operating while insolvent .
Mr Pyne tabled the documents as part of their ongoing campaign for an independent corruption watchdog to be established to investigate local government corruption .
Mr Pisasale did not respond to a request for comment on the documents , but the Local Government Association of Queensland slammed Mr Pyne .
LGAQ chief Greg Hallam said Mr Pyne 's attacks against local governments were `` completely unacceptable '' .
`` Such an inquiry is simply not warranted given the ongoing Crime and Corruption Commission 's Operation Belcara and other official inquiries which have established that all of Mr Pyne 's allegations - always made under the cover of parliamentary privilege - are without foundation , '' they said .
`` There is a clear pattern to their behaviour , which is completely unacceptable and only serves to devalue the honest and hard-working efforts of the many hundreds of councillors , and many thousands of council staff , across Queensland who continue to strive to do the very best for their local communities . ''
Ipswich City Council on Wednesday night denied the claims , stating all council-run companies are audited annually and published financial information online .
`` The companies report to the council twice a year . No directors are paid for their services . There is full accountability and transparency , '' a spokesperson said .
Ms Carter also denied the allegations they leaked police information to Mr Pisasale , or that they helped them run for council .
The documents alleged Ms Carter would leak Safe City camera footage to Mr Pisasale who would send it to media outlets . Safe City is a council-run CCTV program .
Ms Carter told Fairfax Media the allegations were `` bullsh * t '' . They said knew Mr Pisasale but had never spoken to them about police matters .
`` He 's got their own procedures if they want stuff and the newspapers have got their own procedures if they need stuff . There 's no reason to go through me , '' they said .
A Queensland Police spokesperson said the allegations had already been investigated and not substantiated .
`` A staff member has been the subject of two complaints encompassing several allegations , including the unauthorised access and release of information , '' they said .
`` These allegations have not been in relation to specific raids , arrests or accidents . Following a thorough investigation , the complaints were not substantiated and no further action will be taken . ''
Acting Mayor Paul Tully said Mr Pyne 's actions were `` disgraceful '' and called for them to resign .
`` This is a very low act from the coward 's castle of Parliament , '' they said .
`` There is no evidence that they have provided . It 's just mere innuendo .
`` I think Mr Pyne should consider their position and probably resign . ''
- NewsRegional
If anyone knows how to start their mornings off strong , it 's Kristen Bell .
The Bad Moms actor , 37 , told PEOPLE at the launch of Naked Juice 's # DrinkGoodDoGood campaign that in order to juggle their busy schedule , they need brain food . “ I try to get protein in the morning to start my day and since I 'm vegetarian , I usually do egg whites and feta and hot sauce and avocado , ” said Bell , stressing their love for the spicy condiment .
When it comes to choosing a brand of hot sauce , the co-founder of This Bar Saves Lives goes for “ the hottest one I can find. ” And she 's not alone in their search . Bell 's husband , Dax Shepard , shares the same affinity for hot sauce as them
On a recent episode of First We Feast 's popular Hot Ones Challenge with Sean Evans , Shepard was tasked with eating chicken wings coated in spicy sauces 110 times hotter than a jalapeño and with increasing levels of heat . When they reached the last of the wings , they were one of the first to not only tolerate the spice level with ease , but ask for an additional wing with an extra dab of hot sauce .
WATCH : Buffalo Chicken Lettuce Wraps : A Healthy Dinner That 's Ready in 5 Minutes
After the challenge , Shepard brought home a jar of Hot One 's house sauce for Bell and they were equally enamored . “ When I tasted it , I was like , ‘ This is the best hot sauce because it 's like really , really hot , ' ” they said .
“ We eat a ton of spicy food together so I think that we 're both like numb , ” Bell continued . That or “ maybe my taste buds are dead , ” they said with a laugh .
RELATED : This New Tabasco Sauce Is 20 Times Hotter Than the Original
If Bell does n't start their morning with egg whites doused in the sinus-clearing condiment , they reach for a breakfast burrito loaded with “ anything and everything on it . ”
Want the ultimate dish on the latest celebrity and chef food news , plus exclusive recipes , videos and more ? Click here to subscribe to the People Food newsletter .
And their lunch is similar . “ I like to eat what I call the garbage disposal salad , which is basically everything and anything on a bed of lettuce , ” they said . “ You start with a bed of lettuce and then it 's blueberries and strawberries and pine nuts and yesterday 's mashed potatoes from the steak house that your family went to. ” As for their go-to dressing for the salad ? You guessed it , more hot sauce .
The Palisades High School boys tennis team , which is 17-2 overall and 13-0 in league , defeated Westlake 6-1 on April 9 .
Under Head Coach Bud Kling , the team 's only losses this year have been to Corona Del Mar and Monta Vista during the National Invitational Boys High School Tennis Tournament in Newport Beach last month .
In singles against Westlake , Pali 's No . 1 player Danilo Milic won ( 6-2 , 6-2 ) , No . 2 Atticus Parker won ( 6-1 , 6-1 ) , No . 3 Jack Harrington won ( 6-1,6-1 ) and Nick Arvin won ( 6-0 , 6-2 ) .
The top doubles team of Adam Glickman and Souma Hayakawa won ( 6-3 , 6-3 ) and the No . 2 team of Tomas Huttepain and Matt Weber won ( 10-2 ) . Lucas Trepanier and Aidan Fedorof lost 7-10 , but Coach Kling said , “ They played against a top sin- gles player , who was playing doubles . ”
The Dolphins defeated Loyola 6-1 with the B-team winning 11-7 on April 11 . “ It was a match that was quite competitive and much closer than the score indicated , ” Kling said .
PaliHi completed Western League play on April 12 at Venice , blanking Venice 7-0 . The City Open Division semifinals started April 18 at the Palisades Recreation Center , with the open finals at 11 a.m. on Friday at the Balboa Sports Center .
NASHVILLE — Tennessee quarterback Marcus Mariota will be a game-time decision for Sunday 's matchup against the Dolphins .
Mariota was listed Friday as questionable for the game in Miami after being limited in practice for the third consecutive day with a left hamstring injury suffered last week in a 57-14 loss at Houston .
`` I 've been able to get out there for a little bit , but the majority of practice I do a lot of rehab . My first and foremost goal is to get healthy , and that 's what I 've been working on , '' Mariota said Friday .
Mariota said they need to have some mobility in order to be able to play . The Titans ( 2-2 ) are talking about letting them take part in Saturday 's walk-through . But a final decision might not be reached until 90 minutes before kickoff Sunday when the list of inactives is due .
`` I think if I 'm able to move around and am able to hand the ball off , and am able to drop back , then I 'll definitely play , '' Mariota said . `` It 's a tough decision . It 's a decision that was made this past Sunday in Houston . It 's never easy for an athlete . To that point , I 'm going to do my best to get healthy , and hopefully , I 'll be ready to go . ''
Titans coach Mike Mularkey said they did n't want Mariota doing much in practice , preferring the quarterback to heal up .
`` We 're not putting them to a point where they could make it any worse , so they actually feel pretty good right now , '' Mularkey said .
If Mariota is unable to start , then backup Matt Cassel will start . They took the bulk of the first-team reps in practice this week after struggling last week coming off the bench . Cassel was intercepted twice with one returned for a touchdown and stripped of the ball when sacked .
Brandon Weeden , signed Tuesday as insurance , would be the backup if Mariota does not play .
Both wide receiver Corey Davis and safety Johnathan Cyprien as out again this week . Both players have missed multiple weeks with hamstring injuries of their own .
​The thing with transporting wind turbine parts is that they 're really damn long and at some point , you 're going to have to make a sure turn . Here 's how that works :
If that 's gotten you in the mood for some tractor-trailer magic , this video of a truck driver narrating how they back into a tiny space will be right up your alley :
[ Via Sploid ]
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The mother of a 12-year-old boy is warning other parents to be vigilant this half-term after a 'thief ' took their pocket money .
The woman , who wishes to remain anonymous , said their son was shopping in Cirencester town centre on Tuesday when the incident occurred .
The 38-year-old mum-of-two , who suffers with depression and anxiety , told Gloucestershire Live that they took out £5 from the Santander on Market Place and put the card and cash in their pocket .
After they had been to WH Smith and Poundland , they went to buy lunch at around 1pm when they realised they were both missing .
The Deer Park School pupil retraced their steps and returned to the bank , where they found someone had handed in the card .
However , the cash had disappeared .
`` I am disappointed someone could have seen them drop the note , pick it up and keep it , '' said the local resident .
`` To many £5 is n't a lot . But to a family who have just been switched onto Universal Credit it is .
`` We are £500 a month worse off . ''
Fortunately one of the mother 's relatives works in Cirencester so they were able to give the young boy some emergency funds so they could continue their half-term day out with friends .
At home , life is challenging for him , their mum said , as they are classified as a young carer .
While still attending school , they often help them function day to day battling the debilitating illness .
At one stage , this could have ended in tragedy , as they sought help after a suicide attempt .
`` My son does a lot for me , they remind me to wash and take my tablets at times , '' the mum said .
`` He 's so good to help around the house and they really earns the £5 I give them each week .
`` He has the attitude someone needed it more than him , which is mature , but I feel sad that this is probably not the case .
`` We sometimes have to go to the foodbank and as it 's the holidays , I have to find double the amount of money . My children have free school meals .
`` I hope by reading this someone will think twice about taking someone 's money as they do n't know how much they need it . ''
I have some contacts in Germany that I recently e-mailed when trying to confirm the truth of something I had been told by another source . I had been told that the German government and media are covering up one of the aspects of the Muslim migrant gang rapes of German women and girls that are regularly occurring . I was told that the gang rapes not only included a brutal rape but also a brutal beating after the rape . This in some cases has become public knowledge but my source told me that many of the women were also being mutilated and that that fact was being covered up .
Neither of my contacts was able to verify what I had been told but they both had some interesting things to tell me .
Contact One :
so .. regarding your question : no , I have not heard anything about “ mutilate ” . Yes , there are a lot of rapes and sexual assaults .. so I stopped counting . I guess , if you really watch out for stuff like that , you 'll find some new horror-news nearly every few days .. and of course government policy and mainstream media are trying to cover up all that stuff as good as they can , like for example Silvester in the city Frankfurt .. with up to 900 ( ! ) aggressive Arabs looking out for trouble . humiliating women .. searching for fights .. well . yes .. shit like that happens for sure .. but mutilating ? .. certainly not unimaginable .. but I do n't know ..
Contact Two :
I do not know anything about mutilations . So I will not state if this is true , or if this is wrong . What I can say for sure is that the media AND the officials were downplaying A LOT of what happened in Cologne on New Years Eve 2015/2016 . It 's what we call salami tactics .
To give you an example . The first official police report was that New Year 's eve has been , except for some usual minor disturbances , absolutely peaceful .
An initial press release described the evening as “ relaxed ” before stories of the chaos emerged in local media , and Mr Albers later admitted the “ statement was incorrect ” .
The Chief Constable “ Albers ” was fired later on as a scapegoat . Thanks to social media , the truth could not be suppressed anymore , the first reports in MSM and official reports have been about some gropings at the “ Domplatte ” ( Place in front of the cathedral ) , but for sure NO rapes .
I read the official police report , which was leaked .
…According to a leaked police document…
Authorities now think that on New Year 's Eve , more than 1,200 women were sexually assaulted in various German cities , including more than 600 in Cologne and about 400 in Hamburg . More than 2,000 men were allegedly involved , and 120 suspects — about half of them foreign nationals who had only recently arrived in Germany — have been identified . Only four have been convicted , but more trials are underway . -washingtonpost.com
I saw on Video for example , this one heroic doorman of the DOM Hotel .
And found some other very very credible internal information ( no source here , sorry ! ) that describes two police officers ( one female ) standing helplessly beside a bunch of “ immigrants ” raping a woman . Personal note : They carry a side arm . I wonder what for , if not to prevent capital crime ?
To make this short . After months it was made public that a couple of women ( how much exactly , I do n't know , exact figures seem to be hard to come by ) are pregnant . From rape . As far as I know you do n't get pregnant from some guy slapping you on the ass .
The most non-issue , until today , is the fate of the white males . I know they have been robbed , kicked and worse , when they tried to defend their woman . ( As you may know , we are all unarmed , as the government likes us to be ) but nobody speaks about this because they are just white heterosexual males . Their fate is not worth a single line in the news . One could come to the conclusion that the media decided to cover the assault on the women to prevent anyone from writing about what happened to the men .
MIAMI GARDENS , Fla. ( AP ) — Tom Brady was intercepted twice by Xavien Howard and held without a third-down conversion Monday night , and the Miami Dolphins snapped the New England Patriots ' eight-game winning streak with a surprising 27-20 victory .
The Dolphins ( 6-7 ) were 11-point underdogs at home , but they kept the Patriots ( 10-3 ) from clinching their ninth consecutive AFC East title — at least for another week .
Brady went 24 for 43 for 233 yards and one touchdown . Miami sacked them twice and hit them five times , and held the Patriots to 25 yards rushing . New England was 0 for 11 on third down .
The Dolphins ' Jay Cutler threw for 263 yards and three scores , including two to Jarvis Landry . Kenyan Drake had 114 yards rushing and 79 receiving .
Five teens have been arrested following an incident in St Helens yesterday .
Two 16-year-old boys from Huyton , a 16-year-old boy from Widnes , and two 18-year-olds from St Helens remain in custody after being arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm .
Two boys , aged 16 and 18 , who were treated in hospital following the incident have now been discharged .
Two men were reported to have been injured during an incident in the Lower Hall Street/Standish Street area at around 4.30pm .
An 18-year-old boy was stabbed in the side of the head and one boy , aged 16 was stabbed under their arm . Both have been taken to hospital for treatment and their condition is described as stable .
Further enquiries into the incident are ongoing . Witnesses are being spoken to and CCTV opportunities are being explored .
Anyone who witnessed the incident or saw anything suspicious that could help is asked to contact 101 or call the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously and for free on 0800 555 111 or via their online form : https : //crimestoppers-uk.org/give-information/give-information-online .
Sixteen-year-old Murad Rahimov peered down into a gigantic space they had only dreamed about before : the world 's largest clean room , kept scrupulously free of any dust or contamination , where NASA assembles and tests spacecraft before launch .
Murad 's eyes gleamed and a smile played on their face as they took it all in — the scientists encased in sterile white suits ; the replica of the massive new space telescope , the most powerful ever built , that will study the first galaxies born after the Big Bang .
Murad is obsessed with space . They have been ever since they were three , back in their home country Uzbekistan . Their young imagination was sparked when their aunt gave them a picture book about space , and they could n't stop looking at the images of the solar system . Soon after , they told their parents their dream : They wanted to become an astronaut and work for NASA .
On this recent day , they were getting a private tour of NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Md. , thanks to an NPR listener who heard about Murad 's passion for space in a story that aired earlier this year . In January , NPR profiled the Rahimov family on the day they became naturalized as U.S. citizens . The Rahimovs immigrated to the U.S. from Uzbekistan in 2010 , when Murad was nine . When they first landed in Kansas City , Murad spoke no English . Now , heading into their junior year of high school , he 's on an accelerated track , taking extra classes in the summer and packing their schedule with AP courses .
Listener Aaron Schnittman heard that story on the radio , and their ears perked up when they heard that Murad 's goal is to work for NASA . They emailed NPR that same day , that their brother is a research astronomer working for NASA at Goddard . `` I think it would be a cool follow up to connect the son to my brother and help them make the connections needed to pursue studies in astronomy , '' they wrote .
Cool , indeed . The connection was made , emails were exchanged , and last week , at the invitation of Jeremy Schnittman , Murad and their mother , Limara Rahimova , made the trip to Goddard outside Washington , D.C. Schnittman , an astrophysicist who specializes in black holes , spent several hours showing the Rahimovs the inner workings of the space flight center and sharing their enthusiasm for space science .
Murad was clearly in their element , sporting a t-shirt with a picture of the Millennium Falcon spaceship from Star Wars , and a line from the movie : `` the fastest hunk of junk in the galaxy . ''
They and their mother got to see the giant cryo-vac chamber where spacecraft are tested to find out if they 'll withstand the extreme temperatures of space . They walked inside the acoustic chamber that blasts spacecraft with earsplitting sound to simulate the vibration of launch . They toured the laser lab where scientists are fine-tuning measurements to detect gravitational waves . `` Amazing , '' Murad marveled .
Back in their office , ( `` black hole central , '' as they call it ) Schnittman talked with Murad about their research into how light gets bent around black holes . Naturally , they both share a hero in Albert Einstein , whose photo Schnittman keeps pinned above their desk . `` It 's remarkable , '' Schnittman said . `` It 's over 100 years since Einstein did all of this stuff , and still , everything is Einstein . Einstein , Einstein , Einstein . ''
When Murad mused about the possibilities of time travel , Schnittman sounded optimistic . `` It 's really not that much of a stretch to say that we 're one step closer to time travel , '' they told Murad . `` This is something that Einstein predicted 100 years ago . According to the theory , the equations , time travel should be possible . The trick is just building it and getting it to work , but as far as we can tell , there 's no rule against it . ''
The astrophysicist and the would-be astronaut parted ways with the promise to stay in touch .
Later Murad said they love science because it shows `` the sheer awesomeness , the sheer scale of how insignificant and alone we are in the universe . All these petty fights that people have between themselves , they are just insignificant . When you start thinking about space , you get lost in the vastness of it . That 's what captivates me the most . ''
Now that he 's a U.S. citizen , they believe their dream of becoming an astronaut is more within reach . They and their brother automatically became citizens when their parents did . Murad was at school the day they took the oath : `` I came home and looked at my parents , and felt all this pride , '' they said . `` You could sense that something has changed . They were smiling from ear to ear . ''
For their mother , Limara , becoming a U.S. citizen has grounded them in a new way . `` I felt before like I 'm between countries , '' they said . `` But now I feel like I 'm staying ... both my feet here in this land . ''
Limara works at a school , and each morning they all stand for the pledge of allegiance . Before , they said , `` it did n't touch me . But now , yes ! And I know what each word in the pledge of allegiance means . And it means , for me , a lot . ''
As for Murad ? The rising high school junior has their sights set on going to Cal Tech , and on the Mars mission they dream of one day leading . `` Some people , they tell me to try to get a real job , '' they said , `` of maybe not shooting so high . But nah . I 'm shooting for it . I 'm gon na chase my dreams . ''
Meantime , there 's a celestial show about to happen , one he 's been excited about for years : the total solar eclipse .
Murad 's hometown , Kansas City , is a perfect spot to see it : right in the path of totality .
Next Monday they will be outside , watching in awe as the moon slides over the sun , and dreaming big dreams of space .
By The Associated Press
U.S. stocks rallied Monday as technology companies and banks helped indexes regain a lot of the ground they lost last week , although the calm that has defined the market this year was n't quite restored .
On Monday :
The Standard & Poor 's 500 index rose 24.52 points , or 1 percent , to 2,465.84 .
The Dow Jones industrial average advanced 135.39 points , or 0.6 percent , to 21,993.71 .
The Nasdaq composite surged 83.68 points , or 1.3 percent , to 6,340.23 .
The Russell 2000 index of smaller companies leaped 20.08 points , or 1.5 percent , to 1,394.31 .
For the year :
The S & P 500 is up 227.01 points , or 10.1 percent .
The Dow is up 2,231.11 points , or 11.3 percent .
The Nasdaq is up 957.12 points , or 17.8 percent .
The Russell 2000 is up 37.18 points , or 2.7 percent .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
May 3 Onemain Holdings Inc :
* Onemain Holdings , Inc. reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 earnings per share $ 0.25
* Q1 earnings per share view $ 0.74 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Says net finance receivables reached $ 13.2 billion at March 31 , 2017 , up from $ 13.0 billion at March 31 , 2016
* Says net charge-off ratio was 8.5 % in Q1 of 2017 , up from 7.5 % in prior quarter , and up from 7.5 % in prior year quarter Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Reporting by Prithvi Kanti Bandyopadhyay )
1:22
Dixon 's message for TCU down the stretch : 'We need to prepare to get better '
Straight seam high-frequency erw steel pipe has been continuously improved due to advances in technology for more than ten years , so that its application range has been rapidly expanded . Its main advantages are :
a . It does not add any chemical components during the welding process , and its welding quality depends mainly on the quality of the base metal . In recent years , due to the continuous improvement of the quality of hot rolled coils , the quality of the welds has been improved in the pipe making process . Even if the quality of the welds is slightly insufficient , the quality of the entire steel pipe will not be affected .
b . In recent years , due to the advancement of automation technology , the main parameters of resistance welding can be optimized by computer control , so that the welding quality is greatly improved .
c. Has a small residual stress and a high strength .
d. High geometric accuracy , easy to install on site , butt welds and anti-corrosion construction .
e. Short weld bead , which means improved reliability .
f. It has a price advantage , and its price is much lower than that of straight seam double-sided submerged arc welded steel pipe . However , due to the lack of weld quality in straight seam high-frequency electric resistance welded steel pipes , external anti-corrosion treatment is required .
In recent years , straight seam high-frequency electric resistance welded steel pipes have developed rapidly in China , and can produce DN400 steel pipes .
`` It took me a long time , and many false starts , to find my way to a project where I felt that same synthesis of subject and psychological state again . '' By Gabriel Packard | Published : May 30 , 2018
Fiction writer Téa Obreht rose to prominence at the age of 24 – before she 'd even published their first novel – when they were named one of The New Yorker 's “ 20 Under 40 ” the best young writers . The following year , their debut novel The Tiger 's Wife was published to widespread critical acclaim , winning The Orange Prize ( making Obreht this prize 's youngest-ever recipient ) and being shortlisted for the National Book Award . It was also a New York Times best-seller . The novel is a family saga set in a fictional Baltic state that is recovering from a recent civil war . It weaves together realism and mythic stories in a prose style that is at once dreamy and precise . Obreht is currently working on their second novel , which is set in Wyoming in the 1880s .
What is the most important lesson you 've learned about writing ?
That no amount of knowledge or tenacity or craftsmanship can substitute for the alchemy of working on the right project at the right time . My first book was written in response to the loss of a loved one – a grandfather who had essentially raised me – and eulogized not only a relationship , but also a particular phase of life . It took me a long time , and many false starts , to find my way to a project where I felt that same synthesis of subject and psychological state again . And when they come together , the writing itself changes : It does n't feel like work , it does n't feel like sentences in a holding pattern . It 's just necessity . ( And then it 's revision , of course . )
How has this helped you as a writer ?
I think writers tend to spend a lot of time seeking out a template of reassurance , asking themselves , “ Is this how it 's supposed to go ? ” or “ Did it feel this way before ? ” So any time you can identify a precise aspect of your own process is a small miracle . It was immeasurably helpful to come to terms with the fact that I really do n't believe in a wasted draft . And I tell students this : Even work you consider to be your worst is good for something . Every effort teaches you about your desires and tendencies , or guides you toward some new possibility , or shuts the door on an avenue you mistakenly thought was the right one . It 's a trial and error game , and every line you write – especially those that never make it to the printed page – has value .
Gabriel Packard is the associate director of the creative writing MFA program at Hunter College in New York City .
Lt. Gen. Karl Müller , head of the Luftwaffe , is on their way out the door primarily as a result of their vocal stance that Germany should buy the F-35 Lightning II .
Sputnik previously reported that Müller was on thin ice with German political leaders who apparently preferred that Germany 's air force replace its Panavia Tornado fleet with more European-built fighter jets .
`` Luftwaffe sources tell me , if Germany 's air force chief says ‘ F-35 ' once again , they will likely be fired , '' German defense expert Christian Thiels said in late January , adding that it `` seems political leadership is still leaning towards EU-solution . ''
It 's not clear if Müller once again broadcasted their support for the F-35 , but Jane 's has reported that the general will be dismissed from their position as head of the air force specifically because of their advocacy for the joint strike fighter .
`` The Luftwaffe considers the F-35 's capability as a benchmark for the selection process for the Tornado replacement , and I think I have expressed myself clearly enough as to what the favorite of the air force is , '' Müller told reporters in November 2017 .
German Defense Minister Ursula von der Leyen started their second term March 17 . According to local media , Leyen kicked off the term with a major military reshuffle . In addition to sending Müller into retirement , more than half a dozen high-ranking officials across Germany 's military leadership are being shown the door at the end of May .
— Christian Thiels ( @ ThielsChristian ) March 17 , 2018
​In December , Defense Ministry officials tried to distance themselves from the general 's support for the F-35 , stating that the Eurofighter Typhoon was being considered as the `` primary '' option to replace Germany 's Tornado aircraft fleet .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SAN DIEGO -- A 16-year-old driver who had several marijuana plants in their vehicle was taken into custody after crashing their car during a police chase early Monday .
The teen was taken into custody around 1:30 a.m. at Birchwood Street and Waring Road .
They had passengers inside the car and was reportedly driving recklessly , ran a stop sign and refused to pull over for police .
When police briefly lost sight of the Toyota during the chase , the passengers in the car took off . The driver was spotted a short time later . They spun out , crashed through a fence and was taken into custody .
It 's not clear where the driver is from , but the car had Arizona license plates .
Police are still searching for the passengers in the car .
Uh-Oh !
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information .
If you used an Optimum login , click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account .
If you used a Newsday login , it looks like it 's not connected to an active subscriber account . To verify your subscription information , click the Connect Account button .
Otherwise , click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account .
SEOUL/WASHINGTON : The United States and South Korea will resume joint military drills next month , Seoul and Washington said on Tuesday , exercises that will go ahead despite US President Donald Trump 's planned meeting with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un .
Seoul and Washington said in January they would delay the annual exercises until after the Winter Olympics and Paralympics held in South Korea last month , helping to create conditions for a resumption of talks between South and North Korea . The reclusive North routinely denounces the drills as preparation for war .
The Foal Eagle field exercise is scheduled to begin on April 1 and go on for a month , while the computer-simulated Key Resolve will be held for two weeks starting in mid-April , a South Korean military official told reporters in Seoul on Tuesday . There has been a flurry of diplomatic activity across Asia , the United States and Europe since the North sent delegations to the Winter Olympics , moves that culminated in North Korea 's planned summits with the South and with the United States .
The South Korean and US militaries usually stage the two drills in March for about two months but the period of this year 's field exercise was cut by half , mainly due to the Olympics , said the South Korean official , who asked not to be identified .
The exercises will be of a “ scale similar to that of the previous years ” and are meant “ to improve our readiness against various North Korean threats ” , the official said .
North Korea is pursuing nuclear and missile programs in defiance of UN Security Council sanctions and has made no secret of its plans to develop a missile capable of reaching the US mainland .
Such plans , and the exchange of insults between Kim and Trump , had led to increased fears of confrontation on the Korean peninsula in recent months before the diplomatic contacts . China , North Korea 's main ally , says it is happy to see an easing of tensions .
DEFENCE-ORIENTED '
The Pentagon said the North Korean military had been notified about the schedule for the drills by the United Nations Command . “ Our combined exercises are defence-oriented and there is no reason for North Korea to view them as a provocation , ” Pentagon spokesperson Lieutenant Colonel Christopher Logan said in a statement .
The South Korean official said consultations were underway over whether US strategic assets such as nuclear-powered aircraft carriers or bombers would be deployed for the drills . Logan said the two joint drills would involve about 23,700 US troops and 300,000 South Korean forces . They said they were not in response to any specific North Korean actions or the current situation on the Korean peninsula . The Key Resolve simulated exercises would likely overlap with a summit between the two Koreas , planned for late April , the South Korean official said .
After the postponement of the drills was announced in January , Pyongyang agreed to hold the first official talks with Seoul in more than two years and then sent athletes and officials to the Winter Olympics .
Those talks led to a visit this month by a South Korean delegation to Pyongyang for a meeting with the North Korean leader . Delegation leader Chung Eui-yong , South Korea 's national security adviser , said Kim committed to denuclearization and expressed eagerness to meet Trump as soon as possible , an offer the US president quickly accepted .
Chung said Kim was expected to meet South Korean President Moon Jae-in in April before meeting Trump by the end of May . The two Koreas held working-level talks on Tuesday at the border village of Panmunjom over Seoul 's plan to send an artistic troupe for a concert in Pyongyang . Despite the North 's denunciation of past drills , Chung said Kim understood that the allies must continue their “ routine ” joint military exercises .
Pyongyang has not confirmed the exchange and threatened earlier this month to take “ counteraction ” if the United States and South Korea went ahead with the exercises .
The joint drills ran from March 1-April 30 in 2017 and included the USS Carl Vinson aircraft carrier . A US official , speaking on condition of anonymity , said no US aircraft carriers would take part this year , which they said was according to plan and not related to the political situation .
A dog attack in Bodden Town leaves one man nursing injuries to their arms and legs and one dog dead .
The incident happened Wednesday ( 31 January ) afternoon shortly after 4 p.m.on the Crysdel Road in Bodden Town .
Police said the man was on their way home when they were attacked by two dogs that escaped from a nearby yard .
The man stabbed one of the dogs with a pocket knife during the incident . That dog later died .
The man was treated at the Cayman Islands hospital for bites and later released . Police and Department of Agriculture Animal Control officers are investigating .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Print
TERRE HAUTE , Ind . ( WTHI ) - A local bowling team will spare no competitors as they head to state .
Scroll for more content ...
The Terre Haute North Patriots are getting ready for Saturday competition .
We caught up with the group as they practiced .
They 've made it semi-state the last two years .
They say this year , the team dynamic is a little bit different .
`` This year , we 've been more team-oriented , we 've been working on that , and be more supportive if possible , '' Senior Brendon Cooper said .
The Patriots will be going to Anderson to compete .
By The Associated Press
Nominations for 75th annual Golden Globes coming Monday
Protesters oppose return of disputed art in Catalonia
Q & A : Can a museum sell its art to stay in business ?
‘ Coco ' tops box office again before ‘ Star Wars ' hits
Saudi Arabia to allow movie theaters after decades of ban
US Nobel laureate fears US politics could undermine science
Queens of the Stone Age singer apologizes for concert kick
Early praise for ‘ The Last Jedi ' after elaborate premiere
Could a law to bring down the mob be used in Weinstein case ?
Celebrity publicist Clifford dies during sex crimes sentence
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Best bet : SPECIAL RISK ( 3 )
Best value : TIZ THE LIGHT ( 7 )
FIRST : Frostie Anne has won three of last five and makes first start since reclaimed by Gary Gullo ; more to come . Champagne Ruby consistently delivers strong efforts ; generous price predicted with Finger Lakes running lines . Objective Complete owns speed but makes first dirt start ; demand value .
SECOND : Timeless Beauty tallied solid late-pace figure when second at the mile distance last time . Gangbusters are dueled into defeat when third in same last race as top selection ; very playable . Bird Key is riding a forward line on the numbers and moves to dirt ; do n't ignore .
THIRD : Special Risk notched swift final fraction when a clear-cut maiden winner in last ; pars up . Dynamic War is fleet-footed and returns to dirt ; dangerous . Foreign Affair could be in the garden spot if pace meltdown ensues .
FOURTH : Midnight Sky overcame slow start to win last at Finger Lakes and should offer solid price in compact field . Stone Cold Flirt is speedy and owns fast figures ; big-time player . My Roxy Girl was a determined maiden winner in last ; developing and dangerous .
FIFTH : Angry Moon is speedy , rested and could capitalize on soft lead with aggressive ride . Celtic Chaos packs potent late kick and looms the prime beneficiary if top selection hits the wall in the lane . Lex Vegas is training swiftly for first start since September ; very interesting .
SIXTH : Princess Mikayah wanted no part of grass last time but was a much-improved third on dirt two starts back ; rebounds at a price . Bank Elaboration is fleet-footed and could play out as the speed of the speed ; very dangerous . Got the Gist makes first start for Steve Asmussen and was a fast-figured second in most recent dirt race ; must be factored into the mix .
Subscribe to Sports Now newsletter By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
SEVENTH : Tiz the Light logged rapid late-pace number when breaking maiden Oct. 14 and has trained with a purpose in the interim ; more to give . Play Me a Memory loves the Big A and is working sharply for first start since May ; serious , front-end player . Angel Food visually impressed when a drawing-away winner in debut ; must consider .
EIGHTH : Holland Road visually and numerically impressed when a three-length winner in last start ; more to come in third start of form cycle . Mineralogy is quick from the gate and 1-for-1 on the Big A 's main track ; very playable . Noble and True owns fast figures and is working consistently for first start since June ; worth long look . May Be a Diamond regressed in last start after fast-figured placing in prior ; bounce-back threat .
Final pieces of evidence are expected to be given today in the trial of Ian Stewart who is accused of murdering the children 's author Helen Bailey .
Lawyers will then start to make their closing speeches in the hearing at St Albans Crown Court which is in its sixth week .
The trial has been told that Stewart , of Baldock Road , Royston , the fiancé of the wealthy writer , allegedly slowly drugged them for months before killing them and dumping their body , together with their pet dog , into a hidden underground cesspit at their £1.5 million Royston home .
Stewart denies murder , fraud , preventing a lawful burial and three counts of perverting the course of justice .
The 56-year-old said that two men named just Joe and Nick were responsible for the murder and disposal of Ms Bailey 's body .
They told the court that they initially kept their kidnapping a secret because of threats to Ms Bailey and later their own sons and admitted lying about it .
Stewart also denied reducing Ms Bailey to a state of unconsciousness with Zopiclone before smothering them with a pillow .
Yesterday the court heard how witnesses reported seeing Helen Bailey on the day of their disappearance .
Author , screenwriter and Ashland , Ohio native Ernest Cline will talk about their life and career , followed by a book signing . Cline is the internationally best-selling author of Ready Player One , and the co-screenwriter of the soon-to-be released big budget adaptation , directed by Steven Spielberg . The movie , set in Columbus , Ohio , in the year 2044 , premieres in theaters March 30 , 2018 .
Westerville Public Library presents Ernest Cline , Author Visit : Thursday , March 1 , 2018 at 7 PM .
Seats are first come , first served ( not assigned ) . This ticket includes admission to the presentation and book signing at 7 pm at Villa Milano . ( For handicap-accessible seating or other accommodations , PURCHASE YOUR TICKETS and then call 614-882-7277 ext . 5023 or email programoffice @ westervillelibrary.org . ) Upon arrival , you will receive an event program with a letter on it that corresponds to your place in the book signing line . The earlier you arrive , the earlier you will be released for the book signing . Limit of 3 books per person . Photos are not permitted during the book signing . Please note that book signings take time . These are large events and the author is given the opportunity to interact with guests as they choose . Staff are trained to keep the line moving as efficiently as possible . Restrictions for signing are subject to the author , their management or event circumstances .
Mar 1 , 2018 $ 20
http : //www.sunburynews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/48/2018/02/web1_ErnestCline_1058x692.jpg
Communities can be confident they will be treated with fairness and respect by Northumbria Police , according to the latest independent report into the Force .
Them Majesty 's Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire & Rescue Services ( HMICFRS ) has carried out its annual assessment into police legitimacy – to ensure powers are used fairly and people are treated with respect .
The assessment also looked at how well the Force ensures its workforce behaves ethically and lawfully , and to what extent it treats employees with fairness and respect .
Northumbria Police received an overall rating of good with a number of practices considered outstanding .
The inspection found :
The Force has a clear vision of the values it expects from its officers and staff ;
The Force has outstanding processes in place for external scrutiny of a range of policing activities ;
There are excellent systems for recording complaints and the Force conducts high-quality investigations ;
The Force is outstanding in its wellbeing provision for its staff ;
Leaders in Northumbria Police operate a culture of openness which encourages feedback from all staff who are confident they will be listened to .
Northumbria Police and Crime Commissioner , Dame Vera Baird QC , said : `` Since being elected , improving confidence in policing has been one of my Police and Crime Plan priorities and the way we treat people on a daily basis has a major role to play in this . That is why I am pleased that this latest independent inspection reinforces that Northumbria are committed to treating the communities we serve with fairness and respect .
`` I am pleased the report highlights the excellent systems we have in place for recording and dealing with complaints . This comes after we introduced a Complaints Charter to improve the process and increase satisfaction with how complaints are managed . Our dedicated Complaints Triage team approach has been recognised by the Home Office not only as good practice , but as so impressive that it has been put into legislation . The team resolves many complaints within 24 hours .
`` The few areas that have been identified for improvement have been discussed with the Temporary Chief Constable and I will monitor their action plan that targets these areas . Despite the financial challenges we continue to face , we remain focused on delivering the police and crime plan as set out by local residents . ''
Temporary Chief Constable of Northumbria Police , Winton Keenen , said : `` I welcome this report , which shows our communities they can be confident we will treat them with the fairness and respect they deserve .
`` The inspection report recognises and reinforces the culture that exists within Northumbria Police as being one which promotes the values we must all expect from everyone employed by us . It is a testament to the hard work and dedication of everyone associated with the Force , so many of whom can be relied upon to go the extra mile on a daily basis .
`` We are not complacent and realise we do sometimes get things wrong . That is why I am pleased the report recognises we have a robust system in place to manage and learn from our mistakes . We appreciate there are still areas where we can and will improve and I am determined to ensure the Force continues to move forward to provide the very best service to all of the communities we serve . ''
The inspection made only two recommendations for improvement . These were around ensuring effective systems are in place to manage performance and development , and publishing up-to-date information on gifts , hospitality and business interests .
Steps have already been taken to address both . Records surrounding gifts have always been maintained internally and systems are now in place to publish them online in a timely manner . Improvements have also been made to the Force 's internal development processes , which in turn strengthens the Proud to Protect culture .
In addition , the report states some work is required around stop and search powers , but recognises measures are already in place to address this . Furthermore , all officers have recently completed up-to-date training in this area .
In their first public comments on the nerve agent attack , the Russian president says Moscow is ready to work with the UK government .
A veteran South Carolina teacher was suspended , then resigned after a classroom sex scandal at an Upstate school .
Elizabeth Bennett was an art teacher at Byrnes High School , but they resigned and retired after it was revealed that they were present in the classroom when two students engaged in sexual acts , foxcarolina.com reported .
Bennett was placed on administrative leave on Dec. 8 , 2017 , after the Spartanburg County School District received information about incidents that reportedly occurred multiple times in the back of the classroom , according to wspa.com .
Bennett resigned in January after 24 years of teaching , foxcarolina.com reported .
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Despite Bennett 's decision to resign , the South Carolina State Board of Education voted to suspend their educator certificate for one year , effective May 8 , 2018 , according to the Order of Suspension on ed.sc.gov .
According to the order , if Bennett wishes to return to teaching in 2019 , they must first complete a course on professional boundaries and ethics .
Bennett has no prior history of disciplinary action with the State Board . But the `` unprofessional conduct in failing to supervise students in their classroom '' was enough to merit action , according to the State Board .
Though they chose to resign , effective in March , Bennett told the State Board that they were `` shocked and dismayed '' by the allegations of the students ' sexual acts .
While Bennett said the students were not left alone in the room , they conceded that they could not always see them behind a lab table during `` Power Hour '' — a period of the day where Byrnes High students can receive tutoring , complete homework , eat lunch or participate in clubs or other organizations , wspa.com reported .
Another student reportedly saw the two students engaging in the sexual acts while getting supplies in the back of the room , according to the order .
Because of the suspension of their educator certificate , Bennett can not teach in any South Carolina school district .
By The Associated Press
Baltimore Seattle ab r h bi ab r h bi Beckham ss 5 2 3 1 Segura ss 4 1 1 0 M.Mchdo 3b 5 1 2 4 Alonso 1b 4 0 1 1 Schoop 2b 5 0 2 0 Cano 2b 4 0 1 0 Tejada 2b 0 0 0 0 Cruz dh 4 1 1 1 A.Jones cf 4 1 2 0 K.Sager 3b 2 0 0 0 Gentry ph-cf 0 0 0 0 Vlencia rf 2 0 0 0 Mancini lf 4 1 1 1 Heredia lf-cf 4 0 2 0 Trumbo dh 5 1 1 0 Gamel rf-lf 3 0 0 0 C.Davis 1b 5 2 3 2 Zunino c 4 1 2 1 S.Smith rf 4 2 2 2 J.Dyson cf 1 0 0 0 Rickard rf 1 0 0 0 Espnosa 3b 2 0 0 0 C.Jseph c 5 1 0 1 Totals 43 11 16 11 Totals 34 3 8 3
Baltimore 160 030 100—11 Seattle 100 010 001— 3
E_Beckham ( 15 ) , M.Machado ( 12 ) . DP_Baltimore 1 , Seattle 1 . LOB_Baltimore 7 , Seattle 6 . 2B_A.Jones ( 19 ) , Trumbo ( 20 ) , C.Davis ( 10 ) , Segura ( 22 ) , Alonso ( 18 ) . HR_Beckham ( 16 ) , M.Machado ( 23 ) , Mancini ( 21 ) , S.Smith ( 12 ) , Cruz ( 29 ) , Zunino ( 18 ) .
IP H R ER BB SO Baltimore Gausman W,9-8 7 6 2 2 1 6 Castro 2 2 1 1 1 3 Seattle Gallardo L,5-8 4 9 8 8 1 4 Lawrence 4 7 3 3 1 5 Vieira 1 0 0 0 0 1
Gallardo pitched to 1 batter in the 5th
Umpires_Home , Gary Cederstrom ; First , Gabe Morales ; Second , Adrian Johnson ; Third , Stu Scheuwater .
T_3:06 . A_17,973 ( 47,476 ) .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
LONDON The shape of things
Andreas Gursky , the German photographer famed for their bird's-eye photographs , said : “ I am never interested in the individual. ” Now their admirers can see their exquisitely detailed disinterest in full colour , when the renovated Hayward Gallery reopens with the first major retrospective of their work in Britain . Having dodged demolition in the 1990s , this brutalist landmark will celebrate its 50th anniversary in fine fettle , with 66 restored pyramid rooflights casting the light just right over Gursky 's pictures . January 25th-April 22nd
PARIS Jeunesse Diorée
When Christian Dior released their first fashion collection in 1947 , the modern lines , cinched waists and daring silhouettes – dubbed the New Look – won them instant fame and revitalised the musty world of French couture . A spectacular exhibition in Paris celebrates the 70th anniversary of that launch , interweaving the work of artists from whom Dior drew inspiration – Dalí , Man Ray and Giacometti as well as classical and Renaissance masters – with over 300 haute-couture gowns , atelier toiles , fashion photographs , illustrations and fashion accessories . The colour is dazzling , as are the frocks . Musée des Arts Décoratifs , Paris , until January 7th
New York Artist-tech thinking
In 1977 Beryl Korot , an American video artist , premiered their ground-breaking installation highlighting the links between the designs produced by weavers on traditional looms and computer programming . Them installation is at the heart of “ Thinking Machines : Art and Design in the Computer Age , 1959-1989 ” . Nearly 100 pieces illustrate the ways in which artists , architects and designers engaged with the technology that has reshaped our lives . The smartphone generation may be shocked by examples of early tech , including the first Apple Macs and the enormous CM-2 Supercomputer from 1987 . MOMA , until April 8th
CARTAGENA Classical beauty
Cartagena is the jewel of Colombia 's Caribbean coast . Its old town may hold the continent 's most perfectly preserved colonial architecture . It is a fitting venue for one of South America 's most glittering gatherings of classical musicians . This year , the International Festival of Music focuses on three cornerstones of the classical style : Mozart , Haydn and Beethoven . There will be chamber concerts , recitals and vocal concerts in dramatic venues , from the Santa Clara Chapel to the Adolfo Mejía Theatre . Outside , sultry days give way to cool evenings with an ocean breeze that stirs through streets framed with bougainvillea . The weather in January is reliably glorious . January 5th-16th
NAGALAND Away with the birds
Like the bird itself , the Hornbill Festival of Nagaland presents an eye-popping spectacle . Nagalanders , who live in the valleys and deep jungles of the north-eastern pendant of India , call the rest of the country “ the mainland ” . Fly into Kohima via Kolkata , then head to Kisama to catch this gathering of the state 's 16 Naga tribes . Tour company , the Ultimate Travelling Camp , sets up its luxury tents for the festival , enabling visitors to dance with the birds while lodging in style . The Nagas speak a variety of tongues and pursue enough distinct cultural practices to busy an army of anthropologists . It requires artifice to bring them together , but the result is an otherworldly display of dances and sporting contests , all performed wearing brilliant plumage . A concurrent rock festival lends 20th-century dash . Kisama heritage village , December 1st-10th
Posted 1 hour ago
After being crowned the Luhya spokesperson , ANC leader , Musalia Mudavadi , has been challenged to change their style of politics and take full advantage , of
STARKVILLE , Miss . ( AP ) — Accomplishments have been aplenty for Mississippi State point guard Morgan William .
Fresh off of their winning shot against No . 1 UConn in the Final Four , William walked across the stage at Humphrey Coliseum on Friday and graduated .
William was back on the court Sunday to help the Bulldogs rout Little Rock 86-48 . The senior scored a season-high 16 points .
“ Coach Schaefer has talked about me being more offensive . I 've been trying to score when I 'm open because it 's disrespectful not to guard me , ” William said . “ The first couple of games I was content in passing the ball but now I 'm looking to do both . If they leave me open I have to knock down shots . ”
Teaira McCowan added 13 points and 11 rebounds , and Victoria Vivians had 12 points and 10 rebounds . The Bulldogs ( 9-0 ) have won 31 straight regular-season nonconference games and 30 nonconference home games in a row .
Monique Townson and Kyra Collier each had 11 points for Little Rock ( 3-6 ) , and Teal Battle added 10 .
Mississippi State outscored Little Rock 25-2 in the third quarter , holding the Trojans without a field goal for the final 9 minutes .
That came after the Bulldogs held a comfortable 43-28 lead but Schaefer was n't satisfied . They had a message for their team that did n't involve X 's and O 's .
“ I did n't draw anything on the board . Everything I talked about had to do with their heart , ” Schaefer said . “ When you hold somebody to two points in the third quarter , that 's how it 's supposed to be . I was really proud of how my kids played in the third quarter . ”
The second half belonged to Mississippi State as they would run out to as much as a 42-point lead and cleared the bench to allow 12 difference players to get on the floor with 11 of them hitting the scoring column .
The Trojans ( 3-6 ) were overmatched in every area of the game , being outrebounded 44-28 and turning the ball over 20 times . Mississippi State turned that into 25 points and had 50 points in the paint .
UP NEXT
Little Rock : At Kansas State on Saturday .
Mississippi State : Hosts No . 9 Oregon on Wednesday night .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
The death of teenager Murron McDermid 'appears to be a tragic accident ' , their family say .
The 19-year-old lost their lives after falling from a car park on Longsmith Street in the early hours of Saturday .
Police closed off the scene for investigative work and flowers have since been laid at the scene .
Murron 's family have asked to be left in peace to come to terms with their loss but said via Gloucestershire Police they need time to grieve `` after what appears to be a tragic accident '' .
It comes as friends of the former pupil of Chosen Hill School in Churchdown , The Crypt School in Gloucester and SGS College in Stroud have left touching tributes to them
Emily May Spiller became close to pet lover Murron at the beginning of 2016 and told Gloucestershire Live : `` I remember how they lived and affected everyone around them
`` Friendships can be made in very mysterious ways and meeting Murron when they let me try on their black beanie hat well that was start of an amazing and forever friendship .
`` We both had such a love of laughs and art . Those memories i will keep with me and i cherish those moments full of laughter and giggles when i get sad thinking about them now .
`` We all miss them dearly and hope they are at peace . We have all lost such a beautiful , kind and caring friend . We will all cherish treasure our memories of you forever and always .
`` Heaven has truly gained one bad ass angel . Rock on darling . ''
Others wrote about the loss of the shop worker and artist on Facebook .
Frank John Richards said : `` I went to school with the lovely girl very bubbly girl rip . ''
And Hollie Kavanagh typed : `` So so sad , knowing that someone you saw not long ago is gone . ''
Messages have been left on cards attached to flowers by the car park wall since the weekend incident , which police are not treating as suspicious .
They continue to investigate and officers are preparing a report for the coroner .
Defending U.S. Open champion Dustin Johnson arrived to this year 's event as the proud father of a newborn baby boy , just in time for Father 's Day . Charlie Riedel AP
It has been nearly four decades since ESPN first thought to televise the NFL Draft , a seemingly crazy idea at the time . But as much as it has grown since then , it never has had quite the platform it will enjoy this week : Every round will be shown on broadcast TV .
The first three on Thursday and Friday will be shown on Fox , which will simulcast the NFL Network 's coverage , and the last four on Saturday will be shown on ABC , which will simulcast sister network ESPN 's coverage .
For Fox , the draft comes on the heels of last week 's announcement of a new “ Thursday Night Football ” schedule that will be carried mostly by that network , and which features what is on paper a stronger slate than in recent years .
On which network will you watch the first round of the 2018 # NFLDraft on Thursday night ? — Newsday Sports ( @ NewsdaySports ) April 24 , 2018
All of the above is part of Fox positioning itself as a first among equals on the list of networks that have partnerships with the NFL . Everyone has an important piece , but only Fox has both a Sunday afternoon and prime time package .
Fox Sports president Eric Shanks said the network wants to be “ America 's football authority , ” and that simulcasting the draft , featuring Fox analysts Troy Aikman and Joel Klatt , is part of that .
“ I think it just furthers our commitment to investing in the NFL , ” Shanks said . “ The draft is by far the most unique and popular offseason content in football . . . Being able to have Troy and Joel be part of the draft coverage is something that 's great for Fox and I think it will be great for people watching the draft . ”
The Fox simulcast primarily will feature the familiar faces of the NFL Network , but simply having it on a broadcast network figures to boost the ratings , and likely take a piece out of ESPN 's .
Subscribe to Sports Now newsletter By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
But the draft is a mere appetizer compared to Fox 's excitement over the Thursday package , for which it paid dearly for a five-year deal for 11 games from Weeks 4-15 after NBC and CBS had split the Thursday slate in previous seasons .
The league has been looking to make Thursday games more attractive , and helped by giving Fox a relatively strong lineup . To help the cause , Fox offered to have some games that otherwise would have been Sunday draws move to Thursday .
“ I think that our ability to work with the NFL from a philosophy standpoint was the key thing , ” Shanks said , “ just acknowledging and committing to the fact that Fox is as invested on Thursday as it is on Sunday . We were more than happy to have great games that perform on Thursday that may have been moved from Sunday . ”
Shanks believes there still were plenty of attractive games left for Fox 's Sunday afternoon windows . The 4:25 p.m. Sunday NFL slot on Fox or CBS consistently is the most-viewed television time slot regardless of programming genre or time of day .
Some good Sunday games that would have been regionalized now can be seen nationally , expanding their reach , Shanks said .
“ If you look at some of these games , they would have been probably really good games at 1 o'clock or 4:05 and might not have been able to go more than 20 , 25 percent of the country , ” they said . “ By Fox having the ability to move more games to a prime-time national window , these games just kind of get unlocked . ”
Shanks declined to say who the announcing team for the Thursday night package will be . The No . 1 NFL team of Joe Buck and Aikman is one option , but that could affect their availability for Sunday games .
“ There are a lot of moving pieces and we 're trying to figure out exactly what the right thing to do for all involved is , ” Shanks said . “ It 's not like we 're hiding anything from anybody . We 're just trying to make sure we end up figuring out all the right pieces for the long term for the product that we want to put on the air . “
Fox 's NFL pregame show emanates from Southern California on Sundays , but the Thursday night show will originate in New York , primarily to accommodate the schedule of analyst Michael Strahan . They are a regular on ABC 's “ Good Morning America , ” which is based in New York .
Strahan will be joined by Fox studio colleagues Terry Bradshaw and Howie Long .
“ They all raised their hands and said they wanted to be a part of Thursdays so they could make it as big a success as Fox could possibly make it , and we had to find a way to make that work , ” Shanks said . “ What that meant was something really unique , because Strahan has to get up early for work . So we brought it out to him . ”
Bradshaw and Long did not balk at the complicated travel logistics ?
“ No , not at all , they all called and they all raised their hand to be a part of it , ” Shanks said . “ Actually Terry called me before I could even call them and what I found out was that Terry had already called Howie before they called me to say that they were all in .
“ I was kind of floored and proud that that 's the way the Fox family responded to us getting Thursday , and that 's just the way they are . ”
Fox Sports made its first big splash in 1993 when it stunned the industry by landing what had been CBS ' NFC-heavy package . So Shanks said it only is natural that the network continue to hitch its prospects to the league and sport .
“ We were born to do football , ” they said . “ Fox Sports would n't exist without getting that first NFL deal in '93 . We 're just looking toward the future , and this kind of split in the marketplace between an on-demand marketplace and a live marketplace .
“ We clearly are investing more in live and the NFL being the most important content in media in that live space . Strategically it makes sense for us to want to be the leader in that investment . ”
The military says it foiled an attempt of the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters to occupy the town hall of Datu Paglas town after a 9-hour operation that included air strikes on Tuesday , July 3
Published 3:57 PM , July 04 , 2018
MANILA , Philippines – Clashes between government troops and the separatist Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters ( BIFF ) reached a town center in Maguindanao on Tuesday , July 3 , as the military continues aggressive operations to hunt down groups linked with the Islamic State ( ISIS ) .
The military said it foiled an attempt to occupy the town hall of Datu Paglas town after a 9-hour operation on Tuesday , July 3 , that deployed air force assets for air strikes .
Three soldiers were “ slightly wounded ” due to shrapnel and bullet wounds , the military said .
“ Combined Army and police forces had blocked the attempt of ISIS-inspired terrorist group in occupying the seat of the municipal government here on Tuesday , ” said Lieutenant Colonel Harold M Cabunoc , commanding officer of the 33rd Infantry Battalion that led the operation .
Cabunoc said clashes with the group of BIFF sub-leader Sulaiman Tudon erupted at 5 am on Tuesday .
“ The troops attacked the enemy-held cluster of concrete houses in Sitio Mopac of Barangay Poblacion , an area that is about 500 meters from the municipal hall . Supported by armored vehicles and infantry mortars , the house-to-house close quarter battle lasted about 9 hours in an area that is located in the middle of a rice field , ” Cabunoc said .
“ We confronted enemy snipers and improvised bombs as we seized the areas that are previously occupied by the terrorists . We also wanted to contain the fighting outside of the highly populated area some 500 meters away , ” Cabunoc said .
Leaders of the BIFF , a breakaway faction of the Moro Islamic Liberation Front ( MILF ) , have pledged allegiance to ISIS , based on their video releases .
The group is one of the threats that the government cited when it asked Congress to extend martial law in Mindanao until the end of 2018 . ( READ : End martial law ? Lorenzana warns vs another Marawi ) – Rappler.com
Researchers at Ohio State University have surveyed previous studies to investigate the relationship between traumatic brain injuries and alcohol abuse . They found evidence that traumatic brain injuries in children and adolescents could be a risk-factor for alcohol abuse in later life .
When we think of the link between alcohol and traumatic brain injuries , we probably think of a person 's increased risk of injury while drunk . Alcohol intoxication is indeed a significant risk factor for traumatic brain injuries , and one study has reported that alcohol use is involved in as many as 50 % of emergency department admissions for traumatic brain injuries in the US .
Intriguingly , an animal study conducted by Zachary Weil , a researcher at Ohio State University , made them suspect that the converse might also be true , particularly in young people . `` We recently reported that mice that experience a traumatic brain injury as juveniles drink significantly more alcohol as adults , '' says Weil . `` When we started to look at the human literature it became clear that alcohol and traumatic brain injuries were very connected . There were some hints that brain injuries might actually make someone more susceptible to alcohol abuse . ''
Weil was inspired to look more closely at the past literature , and what they and their team found was recently published in Frontiers in Behavioral Neuroscience . The researchers found that it was difficult to tell if their hypothesis was true in adults . `` So many adults that have brain injuries are already heavy drinkers and therefore it 's really hard to tell for sure if a brain injury has affected their drinking , '' explains Weil .
However , for people who suffer a traumatic brain injury in childhood or adolescence , there was a clearer link to alcohol abuse problems in later life . For example , children under 5 years of age who suffer a traumatic brain injury are over 3.6 times more likely to exhibit substance abuse as teenagers , compared with uninjured children .
So , why would a traumatic brain injury potentially lead to alcohol abuse ? The team found evidence in the literature that brain injury can negatively affect factors that are associated with reducing alcohol abuse . For example , forming stable romantic relationships , getting involved in extracurricular activities and maintaining full-time employment are all associated with a reduced risk of substance abuse , but all are less likely in brain injury survivors .
Traumatic brain injuries can also make people more impulsive and less aware of the consequences of their actions , and there is also evidence that brain injury survivors may use alcohol to help deal with the negative consequences of their injury .
Beyond its psychological effects , traumatic brain injury can cause significant inflammation in the brain . Alcohol also generates neuroinflammation , and evidence from animal studies suggests that this inflammation might drive further drinking .
Finally , traumatic brain injuries can damage specific neurochemical systems in the brain that are vulnerable during childhood development , such as the dopaminergic system . A dysfunctional dopaminergic system is a risk factor for substance abuse , suggesting another potential link between childhood brain injury and alcohol abuse in adulthood .
So , how can we address the problem ? `` This is an important issue because drinking after brain injury is associated with health problems and poorer outcomes . Specifically targeting substance abuse problems in the brain-injured population could do a lot of good , '' says Weil .
The researchers caution that the link between brain injuries and alcohol abuse has not yet been completely established and more work is needed . `` This has not been completely confirmed in humans , but there is a lot of suggestive evidence , '' explains Weil .
# # #
COLUMBUS , Ga.- A pool of more than 40 jurors filled the room for the murder case of Anthony Meredith Monday .
Meredith was shot at Peachtree Mall , Easter weekend last year .
The suspects in the case : alleged gunman Xzavaien Jones , their sister Tekoa Young , and Terrell Mcfarland .
“ Anytime that you have a case that has multiple co-defendants our main aim is to inform the jury , the fact that they need to assess their case by itself . ” says Defense Attorney William Kendrick for Young .
Kendrick explains their comment more in depth to News Three .
“ Any evidence that goes towards her , goes towards them and evidence that does n't go towards her , maybe goes towards their co-defendants and is not considered against her , ” says Young .
We asked Kendrick to explain young 's alleged role in the shooting that was a reported gang retaliation shooting .
“ We 're not at liberty to discuss that far in to it as of yet . Right now we 're just in the middle of Voire Dire…picking the jury , ” says Young .
“ Gotten through jury selection . We should have a jury tomorrow. ” says Mark Shelnutt , a Defense Attorney for Young .
Shelnutt says a group of 12 jurors and two alternates will eventually decide the fate of all three murder suspects .
“ The case is expected to last at least the week possibly can go on to next week…depending on .. you never know depending on how long witnesses take and breaks and that kind of thing , ” says Shelnutt .
Alonza Whitaker is the Chief Assistant District Attorney and Lead Prosecutor .
He 's representing the state .
They explain their role to News Three .
“ To substantiate the indictment that a grand jury handed down , charging these individuals with the crime. ” says Whitaker .
Jury selection is expected to resume at nine a. m. Tuesday morning .
“ Apple is reportedly taking steps to design and manufacture its own display components for the first time , as it looks to reduce its dependence on suppliers such as Samsung Electronics , while keeping its component costs in check , ” Trefis Team writes for Forbes . “ Bloomberg reports that the tech behemoth is using a secret production facility located near its headquarters to make screens that use next-generation MicroLED technology . ”
“ The OLED display module on Apple 's iPhone X , which is sourced from Samsung , is reported to cost as much as $ 110 per unit , up from around $ 40 for the LCD display on the previous generation iPhone 7 , ” Trefis writes . “ Apple has the financial and technical resources to undertake the development of new technology , and this could pay off in the long run . ”
“ Advanced displays are generally a big selling point for modern smartphones , and Apple has so far largely relied on off-the-shelf display components , ” Trefis writes . “ By developing and potentially controlling next generation MicroLED technology , which could make future products thinner , brighter and more battery-efficient , Apple could take on rivals like Samsung more directly , while controlling manufacturing costs and improving its margins . ”
Read more in the full article here .
`` For as hard as they work , they do know how to cultivate real relationships , and I think that was really evident today . '' - Emily Ratajkowski at Jason Wu 's 10th anniversary dinner . # wwdeye ( 📷 : @ joejoegrams )
There was a day ( and it does n't seem that long ago ) that if you wanted to wager a few bucks ( or a few bucks more ) you had to hop a plane and head to Sin City .
Yahoo ! Its Vegas bay ! What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas ( including your money ! ) .
But things have changed . Back in 1989 I was living in Rapid City and that fall Deadwood lit up , there was a gun duel on Main Street one day at noon and just like that ... the one armed bandits were back . Now , that one-arm is largely gone , but the machines ( and tables ) are n't .
These days the nearest casino for most of us is just a short drive away , maybe down the block , maybe down the highway .
And Yankton wants to be your next gaming destination .
Supporters of a proposed casino and entertainment complex in Yankton are bringing their hopes to Pierre .
As it turns out , you ca n't just wake up one day and decide to put a fun , big bright casino in your town . You need lawmakers to put a constitutional amendment on the ballot , in this case the November ballot . A measure introduced this week at the Capitol would ask voters to allow a nonprofit group one gaming license for our friends in southeastern South Dakota .
They say it would allow Yankton to compete with Iowa and Nebraska for tourists as well as conventions .
A coalition of tribes in the area are n't big on the idea . They say the project would threaten the livelihood of South Dakota tribes .
So I guess we can place our bet ... will Yankton get a casino ? Ultimately , if it makes the ballot , voters will decide .
The Associated Press Contributed To This Article
See Also :
Thousands of Long Islanders dressed in red , white and blue packed Port Jefferson 's Main Street Wednesday morning to celebrate at the annual July Fourth parade .
The crowd staked out prime viewing spots along Port Jefferson 's main drag , camping out in beach chairs to watch the cavalcade of floats , vintage Ford Mustangs , marchers from local fire and police departments and even a sleek Batmobile .
Tiny dancers from local troupes entertained the crowd , veterans from various wars marched proudly and children clamored for candy and waved American flags . The procession also featured a Donald Trump impersonator , faux Secret Service agent in tow , who blew kisses to the crowd .
Residents said the parade was an annual tradition about celebrating the nation and the community they live in .
Marty Mockler , who said they were in their 80s , called the parade an essential part of celebrating the Fourth .
“ It 's something I look forward to every year and being with my friends , ” Mockler said . “ It 's everything about what America stands for — unity . ”
Others were seeing the parade for the first time .
Get the Breaking News newsletter ! Get the latest breaking news as it happens . By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
Monica Castro , 27 , of Hampton Bays , said their 1-year-old daughter Avril loved the drum corps and the festive patriotic songs .
“ It 's their first parade , I want to teach them the culture and that way they can start loving their country , ” Castro said .
Seven-year-old Matthew Monserrat , who walked in the nearly two-hour parade with their Boy Scout troop , said they enjoyed smiling at the crowd and waving the flag .
“ I liked supporting the day , ” they said . “ But I was sweating a lot . ”
Their mother , Esther Monserrat , 46 , said for her , July Fourth was about celebrating the positive things the Founding Fathers had hoped for the country upon signing the Declaration of Independence on July 4 , 1776 .
“ It 's about the ideals of equality for all men . . . . Freedom and an opportunity for everyone , ” Monserrat said .
NEW YORK ( AP ) - U.S. stocks are climbing Wednesday morning , recovering most of the ground they lost the day before , as investors hope Italy might be able to avoid a new round of elections . Banks are rising along with bond yields after outsize losses a day ago and energy companies are breaking out of a five-day losing streak as oil prices rise . Smaller companies are surging after they suffered only modest losses the day before .
KEEPING SCORE : The S & P 500 index gained 25 points , or 1 percent , to 2,715 as of 11 a.m. Eastern time . It lost 1.2 percent Tuesday . The Dow Jones industrial average rose 209 points , or 0.9 percent , to 24,570 . The Nasdaq composite added 60 points , or 0.8 percent , to 7,457 . The Russell 2000 index leaped 23 points , or 1.5 percent , to 1,647 , which put the index on pace for another record close .
The Russell fared far better than the rest of the market on Tuesday and has done better than other indexes in recent weeks . It closed at an all-time high on May 21 .
ITALY IN FOCUS : Stocks in the U.S. and Europe sank Tuesday as investors worried that Italy would have new elections in a few months and that the vote would become a referendum on whether Italy , the third-largest economy in Europe , would stay in the euro . On Wednesday , premier-designate Carlo Cottarelli said there were `` new possibilities '' to form a government .
Italy 's FTSE MIB stock index climbed 1.5 percent after a 2.7 percent drop a day earlier . Prices for Italian government bonds also rose , sending yields down following a huge surge the day before .
BONDS : Bond prices fell . The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.84 percent from 2.79 percent .
Interest rates rose and bank stocks recovered some of their losses from the previous day . When rates rise , banks can make more money on mortgages and other types of loans . JPMorgan Chase gained 1.3 percent to $ 107.27 and Bank of America picked up 1.4 percent to $ 53.69 . Both stocks fell about 4 percent Tuesday .
EUROPE : The euro rose to $ 1.1606 from $ 1.1531 a day earlier , which was its lowest level in almost a year . The dollar rose to 108.88 yen from 108.24 yen .
Germany 's DAX climbed 0.4 percent while the FTSE 100 index in Britain rose 0.2 percent . The CAC 40 in France lost 0.6 percent .
EARNINGS : Wall Street continued to pore over quarterly results from retailers . Dick 's Sporting Goods soared 23.9 percent to $ 37.78 after it raised its annual profit forecast . Its first-quarter report was better than expected thanks in part to strong online sales . Printer and PC maker HP also raised its profit projections after its earnings and sales surpassed analyst estimates . HP climbed 3 percent to $ 21.94 . Watchmaker Movado Group rallied 15.7 percent to $ 48.83 .
Clothing company Chico 's FAS plunged 20.7 percent to $ 7.92 after its profit fell short of expectations and luxury retailer Michael Kors dropped 12 percent to $ 60 following a disappointing forecast for the year . Shoe retailer DSW gave up some of its gains from earlier in the year as it lost 9.8 percent to $ 23.52 .
ENERGY : Energy companies rose as U.S. crude oil climbed 1.6 percent to $ 67.81 per barrel in New York . Brent crude , used to price international oils , added 1.6 percent to $ 76.67 a barrel in London .
Exxon Mobil jumped 2.9 percent to $ 80.70 and Chevron rallied 2.2 percent to $ 124.09 .
Oil prices fell 7.6 percent in the last week following reports OPEC countries and Russia might start producing more oils soon . Those countries cut production at the start of 2017 , which helped take U.S. crude from about $ 50 a barrel in late 2016 to more than $ 70 this month . They had agreed to keep production at its current levels until the end of this year , but upheaval in Venezuela and new sanctions on Iran could change their plans .
SURVEY SAYS : Payroll processor ADP said private U.S. businesses added 178,000 jobs in May . That 's a solid number even though it 's not as many jobs as they added over the winter . ADP reported strong hiring in the construction , education and health care fields as well as professional and business services . The federal government will release a jobs report Friday that also includes hiring by government agencies .
ALL 'S WELLCARE : WellCare will pay $ 2.5 billion to become the biggest Medicaid coverage provider in Michigan and Illinois and add a pharmacy benefits management business , following the lead of competitors like UnitedHealth and Cigna . Pharmacy benefit managers run prescription drug coverage and insurers have been building or buy them to improve how they share patient data and manage care . They 're also trying to gain better control of prescription drug costs .
The stock rose 2.8 percent to $ 227.30 .
ASIA : Japan 's Nikkei 225 stock index dropped 1.5 percent and the Kospi of South Korea dropped 2 . The Hang Seng in Hong Kong slipped 1.4 percent .
____
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http : //twitter.com/MarleyJayAP . Their work can be found at https : //apnews.com/search/marley % 20jay
Bundoran 's Sea Sessions have announced their top line up for June this year .
The announcement made this morning includes headliners The Coronas as well as Primal Screen , SIGMA and Mr Scruff .
The festival which runs from June 23-15 includes surfing , skating and BMX competitions as well as Beach Sports , Live Music and plenty of entertainment . It attracts thousands of revellers from across Ireland and further afield .
the festival has won numerous awards for Best festival and Best Music Venue . The festival has also sold out in advance of its dates for the past few years . For more information visit : www.seassessions.com
Further Reading The state of the car computer : Forget horsepower , we want megahertz ! Infotainment systems in new cars are getting too complex , according to a study commissioned by the AAA Foundation . The research , which tested 30 different 2017 model year vehicles , found that many functions—most notably entering a new navigation destination—are so distracting that they should not be performed by the driver while the vehicle is in motion .
So it 's good to know that advanced driver-assistance systems ( ADAS ) , like blind spot monitoring and lane departure warnings , are saving lives , according to the findings of another study , this time from the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety ( IIHS ) . The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration just announced , however , that the number of road deaths in the US has increased for the second year running .
The first study was conducted by David Strayer and colleagues at the University of Utah and is part of a long-running research program funded by the AAA Foundation on distracted driving . The report , which was published this week , sought to answer several questions about current infotainment systems , which it notes are getting ever more complex . Among these were which types of tasks are the most distracting and if it 's more work to interact with controls in the center of the dashboard ( either buttons or a touchscreen , the study did not discriminate ) , controls between the front seats , or voice commands .
Each of the 30 different vehicles was driven by 24 different research participants , each of whom had to perform four different tasks ( audio entertainment , calling and dialing someone on the phone , text messaging , and navigation ) while driving on a residential road . The first two of these were equivalent in cognitive workload , but texting required much more attention , and entering a new navigation destination was the most demanding of all .
It depends on what you do and what you drive
Unsurprisingly , the study found a great deal of variability between different vehicles and even between different models from the same manufacturer . As for which mode of interaction was the most distracting , if you guessed `` poking a screen or buttons on the center of the dashboard , '' it will surprise you to learn this was actually the least demanding . Fiddling with buttons on the center console ( the bit between the driver and front passenger where you also usually find a gear lever ) was the most demanding way of controlling an infotainment system , though only four of the vehicles ( an Audi Q7 , Infiniti Q50 , Mazda 3 , and Nissan Maxima ) actually had their infotainment controls located there .
Interestingly , voice commands kept drivers ' eyes on the road but kept them distracted for longer , offsetting any benefits , thanks to much longer interaction times . If that is n't proof that more OEMs need to copy BMW 's voice command system ( which lets you interrupt ) , then I do n't know what is .
There are a few caveats to this work , most notably the participants ' lack of familiarity with each vehicle and its particular infotainment UI . Although they were given a brief acclimation period in each vehicle before being tested , I 'm not sure they 'd find the same levels of cognitive or visual demand associated with some tasks after a more lengthy period of time to develop muscle memory or find effective shortcuts . For instance , several of the functions tested can usually be controlled via a multifunction steering wheel that keeps the driver 's hands on the wheel ( usually in combination with the main instrument display ) .
As infotainment systems are n't going away any time soon , the report recommends that automakers think long and hard about whether all their infotainment features really need to be available while in motion . It notes that NHTSA guidelines recommend not letting people text , browse the Internet or social media , or enter navigation addresses while they are driving , nor should cars display long messages unrelated to driving . `` Greater consideration should be given to what interactions should be available to the driver when the vehicle is in motion rather than to what features and functions could be available to motorists . With the best intentions , we will put some technology in the car that we think will make the car safer , but people being people will use that technology in ways that we do n't anticipate , '' Strayer said .
ADAS actually works
If you do plan to enter a lot of addresses from a moving car , at least try to do it in one with some good , modern safety features . IIHS ' study found that lane departure warnings reduced the number `` of single-vehicle , sideswipe , and head-on crashes of all severities by 11 percent '' and that injures in those kinds of crashes were down 21 percent . A less rigorous analysis of those types of crashes ( which did n't control for driver demographics because of the smaller sample size ) showed an 86-percent decrease in fatalities when lane departure warning was fitted .
`` This is the first evidence that lane departure warning is working to prevent crashes of passenger vehicles on US roads . Given the large number of fatal crashes that involve unintentional lane departures , technology aimed at preventing them has the potential to save a lot of lives , '' said Jessica Cicchino , IIHS vice president for research . Interestingly , the study notes that these findings are more modest than a pair of earlier works that found lane departure reduced crashes by nearly 50 percent in US truck fleets and injuries in Swedish Volvos by 53 percent . One possible reason for this is that many people disable the system , which nags you when you veer out of your lane .
The study also notes that lane departure warnings then require action by the driver , and more than 30 percent of lane-drift crashes occurred when drivers were incapacitated . That 's reason enough to want some form of lane-keeping assist , and indeed , the NHTSA investigation into a fatal crash in 2016 found that Tesla 's crash rate dropped by 40 percent when it added that function to Autopilot . ( However , it also added automatic emergency braking at the same time , and it 's difficult to tease out the relative contributions of different ADASes . )
Blind spot monitoring was similarly useful , reducing the number of lane-change crashes by 14 percent . If every vehicle on the road was fitted with such systems , we could avoid around 50,000 police-reported crashes each year , according to the study .
Death toll of US roads goes up—again
Unfortunately that is n't the case , and on Friday , the NHTSA published an overview of 2016 's fatal vehicle crashes that makes for depressing reading . For the second time in two years , the death toll on US roads has gone up . In 2016 , 37,461 people died in vehicle crashes , up 5.6 percent from 2015 . Perhaps the sole comforting fact is that the rise in death toll was n't quite as great as the delta between 2014 and 2015 . There were more passenger vehicle occupant deaths and more motorcycle deaths than at any time since 2008 . Pedestrian deaths have n't been this high since 1990 and cyclist deaths since 1991 . While there was a small increase in the number of vehicle miles traveled , the fatality rate increased to 1.18 per 100 million vehicle miles traveled .
People : take care out there .
MADRID — Carme Chacón , Spain 's first female defense minister and a prominent socialist party leader , has died . They were 46 .
The party said in a statement that Chacón died on April 9 from a heart condition they had had since birth .
Chacón helped modernize Spain 's armed forces when they took the helm of the Ministry of Defense in 2008 , in the government of Prime Minister José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero .
Photos of Chacón reviewing the troops while heavily pregnant became a symbol of a new era in Spanish politics .
Spain 's socialist party , or PSOE , said in a statement that Chacón had always been “ at the vanguard ” of the party .
“ Despite their youth , ” the statement said , Chacón had a “ passion to defend the socialist ideals and , with time , they became a very important figure in our party . ”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Before taking charge of the Defense Ministry , they had previously been minister of housing and a national lawmaker .
When Zapatero stepped down in 2011 , they ran for PSOE 's top leadership , although they eventually lost the vote to former Interior Minister Alfredo Pérez Rubalcaba .
Between 2012 and 2016 , they had been in charge of the party 's international relations , before they left politics to join a law firm in Madrid .
Chacón 's body was found by police in their home on April 9 after relatives called emergency services when they could n't reach them They were married and had a young son .
Teeth that establish themselves in awkward positions are an inconvenience . As well as being visually unappealing , they can cause difficulties with oral hygiene because they are tricky to keep clean . When bacteria build up in the hard-to-reach spaces of the mouth , the risk of disease increases . Misaligned bites can make eating an uncomfortable experience and put hazardous strain on the jaw .
[ LONDON , 03/07/2018 ] – Effective methods of solving these problems are available from the Harley Street orthodontist . The Harley Street orthodontist has a range of contemporary solutions can increase the patient 's cosmetic appeal as well as their overall dental experience . Lightweight aligners and braces are considerate of social anxieties , and transparent materials ensure a discreet process .
What can a Harley Street orthodontist do ?
A person 's dental orientation can go awry in many different ways . Seemingly small errors in alignment can put pressure on a person 's feelings about their appearance . The first thing for any potential patient to do is to go and have a consultation with the Harley Street orthodontist . After discussing their oral health history , and what they 'd like to do about their teeth , the Harley Street orthodontist can present the patient with some suitable options .
The Harley Street orthodontist might think Invisible aligners are an appropriate choice . The treatment known as Invisalign requires the patient to wear a series of precision-shaped clear plastic aligners . A set of these appliances will fit comfortably over the patient 's teeth , based on highly detailed measurements taken by the Harley Street orthodontist . The gradually-changing shapes of the aligners slowly pressure the teeth into better orientations , and with no adjustments there are fewer check-ups required with the Harley Street orthodontist . There are no attachments to the teeth , so the patient can take the aligners out of their mouth at mealtimes .
More options
The Harley Street orthodontist might also recommend traditional braces that rely on wires and brackets fixed to the teeth . In some cases , these can be attached to the backs of the teeth , and so remain hidden from view .
Treatment with a Harley Street orthodontist will give the patient a great improvement in their dental health that lasts for a long time after the braces come off .
Contact http : //www.harleystreetdentalclinic.co.uk/ today .
President Donald Trump tweeted this past weekend about Kansas , saying “ The recent Kansas election ( Congress ) was a really big media event , until the Republicans won . Now they play the same game with Georgia-BAD ! ”
A political science professor from Washburn University says that the President is using Twitter in a way no other politician has before .
“ The only question will be if their style in terms of using Twitter is transferable to not only future Presidents but other candidates or other politicians , ” said political scientist Bob Beatty . “ We all know Trump is just a unique politician . In terms of political science and journalists , we 're really trying to figure out , is they just a one-off ? ”
Twitter is such a fast-moving medium that it makes anyone 's statements hard to pin down .
“ Twitter is amazing in terms of non-accountability , ” said Beatty . “ If there 's a tweet that comes out , then the next tweet , the argument is , well , that tweet supersedes it , almost like the first tweet did n't exist if you tweet a lot . The other thing that can happen with celebrities and some politicians is this argument , if it 's a really bad tweet , which is , oh I did n't do that , somebody hacked me or my child got hold of my phone . ”
The President 's tweets also have a way of pushing the narrative along , as well .
“ Sometimes , it 's very strategic , ” said Beatty . “ If there 's some negative news going around involving Trump , then if they tweet something , all of a sudden , that supersedes the negative news . ”
The reason why most politicians do n't use Twitter often may be the same reason that President Trump does use it frequently .
“ I think most politicians , including those in Kansas , consider it just too big of a gamble . Throughout their entire Presidential campaign , Trump was an incredible gambler . Things that looked like they were n't going to work ended up working . ”
Beatty notes that a lot of Trump 's tweets are sort of off-hand comments . That makes it tough for journalists to know whether or not to cover an individual tweet , as traditionally , if the President says it , it 's news , but that may not always be the case with Trump 's Twitter feed .
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump on Monday more strongly condemned the deadly violence and racism that erupted over the weekend in Charlottesville , Virginia .
“ We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred , bigotry and violence . It has no place in America , ” Trump said in a statement broadcast live from the White House .
“ Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs including the KKK , neo-Nazis , white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans , ” the president said .
Trump 's remarks from the White House followed the deadly violence Saturday in Charlottesville where a woman was killed when a car plowed into a group of counter-protesters at rally by white nationalists and others who oppose a plan to remove a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee from a local park .
In the hours after the incident , Trump denounced the conflict broadly , but without pointedly calling out white nationalists .
“ We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred , bigotry and violence on many sides — on many sides , ” Trump said Saturday at an unrelated bill-signing ceremony at their golf course estate in Bedminster , New Jersey .
advertisement | advertise on newsday
James Alex Fields Jr. , 20 , who recently moved to Ohio from Kentucky , was charged with second-degree murder for allegedly driving their car through a crowd of counter-protesters , killing Heather Heyer , 32 .
Two Virginia state troopers also died Saturday when their helicopter crashed during a large-scale police effort to contain the violence .
With the Associated Press
Happiness Courses
Despite common signs of adolescence such as self-determination , rebelliousness , difficult relations with parents and the importance of peer support , teenagers continue to rely heavily on their family . Indeed , when faced with a challenge , many teens turn to their parents , in particular to their mother , according to Arthur Rean , Head of the HSE IOE Laboratory for Prevention of Antisocial Behaviour . A survey of more than 5,500 high school students aged 14 and older in the Central , Volga , Siberian , and Ural Federal Districts confirms that the family is of paramount importance for adolescents . It is the absolute leader among the top five things which the young respondents value most , being mentioned by nearly three-quarters ( 72.5 % ) of the teenagers surveyed , followed by love ( 58.4 % ) , health ( 52.4 % ) , friends and success ( 43.6 % and 36.1 % respectively ) .
'One may wonder if these were just socially acceptable responses , i.e . that the children responded as they thought they were expected to respond ' , Rean comments . 'But first , all of the top five values are pro-social and equal in this respect . Second , the survey was anonymous . The researchers did not ask the children their names . There was no way a completed questionnaire could be attributed to a specific student . Third , it was an online survey in which the respondents interacted only with a computer . And fourth , the significant sample size , which included students from different schools , different regions and different ends of the country , should have levelled off any individual psychological factors ' .
The respondents were also asked a direct question as to whether the family was 'an essential condition for happiness ' , to which 68 % of the adolescents answered positively .
However , the researchers further found that most teenagers did not consider their own family to be a good model to follow .
When asked , 'Would you like your future family to be similar to the one you grew up in ? ' only 42 % of the students answered 'yes ' , while 34 % said they definitely would not want their future family to be like their parents ' and 24 % were not sure . In total , 58 % of young people 'do not consider their current parental family to be a role model ' , Rean notes . ( The respondents were not asked to explain why . )
According to Rean , here lies one of the reasons for young people 's unpreparedness for a married life and high divorce rates in the early years of marriage . Indeed , the teenagers surveyed seem to share this perspective in answering the question as to whether one needs to be specifically prepared for marriage : 66 % believe that they could benefit from education about family relations . They do not necessarily mean that this subject should be taught at school : 38 % believe that classroom lessons could be helpful and the same number disagree . Incidentally , last December , the
Russian Ministry of Education formally raised the possibility of introducing a school-based curriculum in 'family happiness ' .
'It is certainly unlikely that a family happiness course can provide a solution for every problem , but at least it can help address some of them and perhaps quite effectively ' , Rean believes . 'And yet the main role in preparing young people for family life lies with their parental family where they learn the basic patterns of family behaviour . Unfortunately , families today do not always serve as good role models ' . There are other ways to help young people prepare for married life , such as psychological training . However , 'taking a course from a trained psychologist is not really necessary at an early stage of preparation for family life ' , according to the researcher . That said , a relevant school curriculum 'must be informed by substantive knowledge of psychology ' .
Rean leads a team of authors working to design such a curriculum . In particular , its content will focus on preventing and handling family conflicts and on negotiation and listening skills .
Unequal Relations
The survey respondents believe that love , mutual support and the ability to compromise form the foundation of a happy marriage . 'We did not ask the students whether or not these factors are present in their parents ' families ' , Rean explains . 'But we separately examined their attitudes towards their mothers and fathers ' . How much influence the mother and the father have on the child and the parents ' respective roles can shape the child 's perception of the family .
The mother 's influence on their children as they grow is more than double that of the father ; with 57.5 % versus 23.7 % , fathers lag far behind , the researcher notes . The reasons for this may include greater emotional closeness between the mother and their child or the amount of time spent together . Fathers usually spend far less time with their children than mothers - sometimes because of their job if they work in shifts or travel on business , and sometimes due to socio-cultural attitudes . There is still a popular stereotype that childrearing is 'not a man 's business ' .
Grand Portraits of Parents
The adolescents were asked to describe their parents using Rean 's '80 adjectives ' method . The resulting verbal portraits of fathers and mothers came out almost entirely positive , with terms such as kind , reliable , caring , responsible , family-oriented , intelligent and sincere used equally often in regard of both parents . Most descriptors used in the responses reflected emotional and moral qualities . The main difference between the parents was that mothers were mainly characterised via their attitudes towards other people while the fathers ' characteristics tended towards cognitive and authority-related ones .
Mothers were often described as tidy , affectionate and caring . 'For most respondents , their mother is not only an exceptionally positive person but also very altruistic and someone who places other people first ' , the researcher comments . 'This , of course , reflects the mother 's centeredness on their own child and altruistic love for them or her ' . Fathers were frequently described as authoritative , cheerful and wise .
While negative characteristics were extremely rare , fathers were more likely to be portrayed in negative terms . According to Rean , the term 'deceitful ' had the weight of 2 % in the descriptions of mothers and 6 % in those of fathers , and the same was true of the term 'insensitive ' . The reason may be that children set higher standards for fathers or perhaps the child-father relations are often less trusting . One way or another , the theme of fatherhood is one of the most problematic in family sociology today .
Family Framework
The respondents were asked about their attitudes towards unregistered marriage ; 54 % considered cohabitation as something normal , just as most adult Russians , and only 17 % of respondents were strongly against unregistered unions .
As for having children outside marriage , the respondents were less tolerant , with only 35 % finding it normal , the same number opposing it , and 29 % undetermined .
According to Rean , young people , with some reservations , can be described as traditionalists .
'Admittedly , the fact that 54 % of respondents accept cohabitation as normal hardly fits the notion of traditionalism ' , they say . 'Likewise , the fact that a large minority of 35 % consider it normal to have children outside marriage is quite remote from traditional family values . Yet on the other hand , both in the former and particularly in the latter case , young people demonstrate strong pro-family attitudes ' .
Given the millennial history of the institution of the family , expecting a revolutionary change in attitudes would be unrealistic , they continue . 'The role of the family in supporting its members ' economic survival is not as essential today as it used to be , ' they note . 'But its role in providing mutual personal , moral and psychological support remains strong and is almost irreplaceable . Indeed , an individual 's social adaptation and survival in today 's world strongly depends on their family 's ability to fulfil this role ' .
The respondent 's reproductive attitudes reveal that a relative majority ( 49 % ) plan to have two children ( which is typical for older generations as well ) , while 15 % prefer to have just one child . This is consistent with the actual situation , as most Russian families have one or two children .
Quite unexpectedly though , a substantial proportion ( 39 % ) of respondents would like to have three children ( a similar trend was noted by demographers a few years ago ) . If converted into reality , such attitudes would lead to a tangible increase in the country 's population . While having two children in the average family only leads to a simple continuation of the population , having three children will result in a population increase .
But one must keep in mind the difference between the desired and actual number of children in the family . This also concerns those who are currently unwilling to ever become parents . Their attitudes may change with time .
'Generally , school students in Russia expect support from their family but also realise that family relations are not perfect and they may need to learn how to build such relations properly in the future ' , Rean concludes .
# # #
VICTORIA STRAIT , Nunavut ( AP ) — The email arrived in mid-June , seeking to explode any notion that global warming might turn our Arctic expedition into a summer cruise .
“ The most important piece of clothing to pack is good , sturdy and warm boots . There is going to be snow and ice on the deck of the icebreaker , ” it read .
The Associated Press was joining international researchers on a month-long , 10,000 kilometer ( 6,200-mile ) journey to document the impact of climate change on the forbidding ice and frigid waters of the Far North . But once the ship entered the fabled Northwest Passage between the Atlantic and the Pacific , there would be nowhere to stop for supplies and no help for hundreds of miles . So in went the boots : Global warming or not , it was best to come prepared .
If parts of the planet are becoming like a furnace because of global warming , then the Arctic is best described as the world 's air-conditioning unit . The frozen north plays a crucial role in cooling the rest of the planet while reflecting some of the sun 's heat back into space .
But it , too , is beginning to overheat . Last year was the hottest on record in the Arctic . And for several decades , satellite pictures have shown a dramatic decline in Arctic sea ice that is already affecting the lives of humans and animals in the region , from Inuit communities to polar bears .
Scientists say sea ice will largely vanish from the Arctic during the summer within the coming decades . Experts predict that the impact of the melting ice will be felt across the northern hemisphere as far as Florida or France .
“ Things are changing in the Arctic , and that is changing things everywhere else , ” said David ‘ Duke ' Snider , the seasoned mariner responsible for navigating the Finnish icebreaker MSV Nordica .
Researchers on the trip sought a first-hand view of the effects of global warming already seen from space . The ship departed Vancouver in early July and arrived in Nuuk , Greenland on July 29th , the earliest transit ever of a region that is n't usually navigable until later in the year because of ice .
Twelve days after the ship had left Vancouver , the ice appeared out of nowhere .
At first , lone floes bobbed on the waves like mangled lumps of Styrofoam . By the time Nordica reached Point Barrow , on Alaska 's northernmost tip , the sea was swarming with ice .
Snider recalled that when they started guiding ships through Arctic waters more than 30 years ago , the ice pack in mid-July would have stretched 50 miles farther southwest . Back then , a ship also would have encountered much thicker , blueish ice that had survived several summer melts , becoming hard as concrete in the process , they said . They likened this year 's ice to a sea of porridge with a few hard chunks .
The outdoor thermometer indicated a temperature of 47 degrees Fahrenheit ( 8.3 Celsius ) , but in the never-setting sun of an Arctic summer it felt more like 60 F. Days blurred into nights . Even in their bunks , those on board heard the constant churning of ice as the ship plowed through the debris rolling beneath the hull , thundering like hail on a tin roof .
As the icebreaker entered Victoria Strait , deep inside the Northwest Passage , we looked for a shadow moving in the distance or a flash of pale yellow in the expanse of white that would signal the presence of the world 's largest land predator .
At last , a cry went out : “ Nanuq , nanuq ! ”
Maatiusi Manning , an Inuit sailor , had spotted what everyone on board was hoping to see — the first polar bear .
The 1,000-pound predators are at the top of a food chain that 's being pummeled by global warming because of the immediate impact vanishing sea ice has on a range of animals and plants that depend on it .
“ If we continue losing ice , we 're going to lose species with it , ” said Paula von Weller , a field biologist who was on the trip .
No Arctic creature has become more associated with climate change than the polar bear , the poster child of Arctic wildlife . The U.S . Fish and Wildlife Service estimated in January that about 26,000 specimens remain in the wild , and warned that melting sea ice is robbing the bear of its natural hunting ground for seals and other prey .
While some polar bears are expected to follow the retreating ice northward , others will head south , where they will come into greater contact with humans — encounters that are unlikely to end well for the bears .
Some of the animals highly associated with the ice are not going to be able to adapt in a reasonable amount of time to keep up with climate change , Weller said .
“ The walrus , for example , may spend more time on the mainland . They 're very prone to disturbance so that 's not a good place for walrus to be , ” said von Weller .
Research published four years ago rang alarms bells about the future of the red king crab — a big earner for Alaska 's fishing industry — because rising levels of carbon dioxide , a driver of global warming , are making oceans more acidic . Algae that cling to the underside of sea ice are also losing their habitat . If they vanish , copepods , a type of zooplankton that eats algae , will lose their source of food , and the tiny crustaceans in turn are prey for fish , whales and birds .
Meanwhile , as waters warm , orca are traveling further north in search of food . Some wildlife experts predict they will become the main seal predator in the coming decades , replacing polar bears .
Humans are also increasingly venturing into the Arctic in search of untapped deposits of minerals and fossil fuels , and the potential for oil spills is a major cause for concern among environmentalists . The Inuit people in the Clyde River community of Baffin Island also fear that the loud underwater noise caused by seismic blasts of oil companies could disorient marine mammals such as whales and affect the reproductive cycles of fish and shrimp stocks .
However , some say the absence of sea ice for longer periods each summer is not all bad : Boats can supply villages and mines for longer periods of the year .
Nordica reached Nuuk , the capital of Greenland , after 24 days .
And in the end , we did feel the effects of global warming : Those heavy , fur-lined boots never got used .
___
Follow Frank Jordans on Twitter at http : //www.twitter.com/wirereporter
___
Learn more about the Arctic and read dispatches sent by a team of AP journalists as they traveled through the Arctic Circle 's fabled Northwest Passage last month : https : //www.apnews.com/tag/NewArctic .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
In today 's Irish Daily Mirror , comedian Joanne McNally reveals that their male friends ask them to write their wedding speeches to help make them funny . For all of you out there who have a wedding speech to make in the coming weeks….and you are n't friends with well known comedians who can write it for you , we want to help you out .
We want to compile a list of the do 's and don'ts of the best man speech on the show tomorrow . If you have a speech to deliver in the coming days & weeks , we want to know how you are getting on with it . If you 've attended a wedding recently & you heard something that you had n't heard before let us know . If you 've experience of the best man speech and you 'd like to pass on what worked & what did n't – we are all ears ! Also if there are any horror stories that you 've seen or heard , give us the gory details .
53102 for your texts and breakfast @ todayfm.com for your longer stories and on tomorrow 's show we want to reveal a definitive list on the do 's and don'ts of the best man speech .
STOCKTON , Calif. ( AP ) — Kristine Anigwe scored 28 points and hauled in 18 rebounds to lead No . 25 California to a 92-85 win over Pacific on Sunday .
Penina Davidson had their third double-double of the season , a career-high 22 points to go with 10 rebounds , Mikayla Cowling added 15 points and Kianna Smith had 12 for Cal ( 7-2 ) , which shot 52 percent from the field to get its fourth straight win .
The Bears were just 1 of 14 from 3-point range but controlled the glass 45-32 and broke it open with a 23-14 third quarter to lead 69-53 heading into the final 10 minutes .
Pacific ( 4-5 ) dug in , chipping away at the deficit with 3-pointers from Ameela Li and GeAnna Luaulu-Summers , who also had a layup with 2:21 to go that cut the gap to 87-82 . The Tigers again closed to within five on Jenelle Grant 's bucket that made it 89-84 with just under a minute to play but Cal padded its advantage from the free throw line down the stretch .
Luaulu-Summers finished with 18 points , 10 rebounds and 10 assists to lead five Pacific players in double figures . It was the second triple-double of their career .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Italy 's Automobili Turismo e Sport – or ATS – has been around in some form or another since 1962 . In 2016 , the company was somewhat reborn , introducing the track-focused Dieci , which came with a 1.0-liter Honda motorcycle engine producing 190 horsepower ( 141 kilowatts ) . The firm 's latest project , though , promises to be even more powerful than that .
Scheduled to make its debut at the upcoming Salon Privein Oxfordshire , England , ATS will introduce an entirely new supercar built from the ground up . The company is calling it the GT , and apart from a lone , shadowy teaser sketch , we do n't know much else about performance or price .
We do know that the car was designed by chief engineer , Emanuele Bomboi . Just 12 examples of the supercar will be built , each one will use lightweight components like carbon fiber bodywork , and some added carbon fiber touches to the interior and chassis . A special `` Launch Edition '' version will unveil first , and will be limited to just a few examples .
`` This is a pivotal day for ATS and our new supercar , '' said owner Daniele Maritan . `` We use words such as 'challenge , adventure , and passion ' to represent the values that were shared among all the founders of ATS in 1962 . Today , we find the same values in the talented people bringing back this historically important brand . Salon Prive was the obvious destination for us to launch our luxury and historically important supercar this Summer , and we ca n't wait to show it off to the public . ''
No word on pricing or performance just yet , but given the supercar 's exclusive nature , expect an MSRP well into the six-figure range . The new ATS GT will make its debut on August 31 at the Salon Prive . We should know more about the car closer to its official debut .
Source : ATS
WASHINGTON ( AP ) – Americans are preparing to meet the Tuesday deadline for filing their federal income tax returns .
Data from the IRS and the Census Bureau show that three states – Delaware , Minnesota and Massachusetts – on average paid the most per person in federal income , payroll and estate taxes in 2016 .
The three states that paid the least per person are New Mexico , Mississippi and , at No . 50 , West Virginia .
But the residents of the District of Columbia paid more per person than those in any of the states – more than double , in fact .
Why do Washington , D.C. , residents pay so much more ? A fellow at the Tax Policy Center , Roberton Williams , says that 's where the money is , noting a lot of high-income people live in the nation 's capital .
Comments
comments
NEW YORK—As regular readers of Cars Technica know , the auto industry is going full-speed ahead when it comes to self-driving cars . A number of OEMs and their technology company partners have promised us SAE `` level 4 '' self-driving vehicles by 2021 . But not all of these organizations are taking the same road to get there . Some , like Ford and Volvo , have decided to go straight to full autonomy by working on vehicles that wo n't need a human driver at all within specific geofenced areas ( these are vehicles that you or I will use through ride-hailing services ) . Others , notably General Motors and Audi , believe in some degree of returning control to the human driver , who may or may not be giving the road their full attention . At this year 's New York International Auto Show , the former group broke cover with its new Super Cruise system , which will be available on the Cadillac CT6 sedan later this year .
Further Reading Two roads to the same place : 2016 and the future of self-driving cars To be accurate , unlike the system due to appear in Audi 's next A8 flagship , Super Cruise is only a level 2 , not level 3 , autonomy . There are already plenty of level 2 autonomous systems on the market already , typically cars with a combination of adaptive cruise control—which maintains a car 's speed to traffic ahead via the use of radar—and a lane keeping assist that reads the lane markers on the road with an optical sensor and steers to keep the car centered between them . But Super Cruise is closer to level 3 than pretty much every other level 2 system out there , since it combines adaptive cruise control and lane keeping with two notable advances that are going to play a large role in more autonomous cars in the future .
Are you paying attention ?
One of the big challenges with semi-autonomous driving is the need to return control to the human driver in cases where the computers can no longer handle a task . After all , how is a car supposed to know if its driver is paying attention ? Currently , even the excellent semi-autonomous systems from Audi , Tesla , and Volvo all use the same trick ; torque or touch sensors can tell whether the driver has their hands on the steering wheel . Go hands-free for too long—15 seconds in the case of Audi and Volvo , or several minutes for Tesla—and the car alerts the driver and deactivates the lane keeping assist .
That 's because such systems are meant as driver assists , not driver replacements , although in their desire for longer hands-free cruising some Tesla drivers discovered they could spoof this by hanging weights off the steering wheel ( that 's not something we would condone or encourage . Low-speed traffic jam assists , on the other hand , do n't have a time limit for hands-free operation , although they will only work when the car senses it is in heavy traffic . )
Head tracking
Jonathan Gitlin
Cadillac
Cadillac
Further Reading A former Ferrari F1 engineer says gaze tracking is key to self-driving cars The obvious answer to the problem is giving the car a way of detecting if its operator is actually paying attention . In this case , that 's done via head tracking . Dubbed the `` Driver Attention System , '' Cadillac 's solution uses an infrared camera to track a driver 's head position while Super Cruise is active .
Spend too long looking away from the road ahead , and the car will alert you that it 's time to focus on the road . Alerts happen through a series of escalating alerts on the main instrument display , an LED bar set into the steering wheel , and even haptic rumbles from your seat . And since it 's checking ( and asking ) for the driver to keep their eyes on the road , this system ca n't be spoofed like those Tesla ones . Though to note , you can satisfy Super Cruise warnings simply by returning your eyes to the road—no need to grab the wheel .
Ignore all of the car 's alerts , and eventually it will bring the car to a controlled stop with the hazard lights on , alerting the emergency services through OnStar . And unlike Audi 's forthcoming system , Super Cruise will stop the car in the lane it 's in rather than navigating to the shoulder . That particular detail did n't go down very well with NHTSA , which wrote to Cadillac to express its concern . ( Somewhat ironically , the NHTSA lawyer that signed that letter is now working for General Motors , according to Car and Driver . )
Geofencing
The second big improvement Super Cruise adds over extant level 2 systems is that it will only work on divided , limited-access highways . That 's important , because it means Cadillac can feel safe offering the system with the peace of mind of knowing it wo n't be active in a situation outside the parameters for which its sensors have been optimized .
A good example of this are the optical sensors and machine vision algorithms that detect when a car ahead is rapidly slowing , automatically braking if necessary . Automatic emergency braking ( AEB ) is being added as standard equipment by carmakers ahead of a possible mandate by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration . But as we learned from NHTSA 's investigation into a fatal Tesla Model S crash in Florida in May 2016 , AEB systems are only designed to recognize a car from the rear—another vehicle crossing its path perpendicular to the direction of travel wo n't trigger a response .
Further Reading The most detailed maps of the world will be for cars , not humans Similarly , Cadillac has chosen to geofence Super Cruise . That sounds easy , but it 's actually a rather monumental task . To that end , a fleet of Lidar-equipped mapping vehicles has been driving up the length and breadth of the US and Canada—more than 160,000 miles in total . Those vehicles have put together a high-resolution 3D map of the highway network , readable to the Super Cruise-equipped CT6 . Coupled with the car 's accurate GPS system , equipped vehicles know exactly where they are down to a couple of inches .
The CT6 pulls the map from Cadillac 's servers ( updated annually over the air ) . Though since it is n't equipped with a Lidar sensor itself , the car is n't able to upload fresh data itself ; as a result the Lidar-mapping vehicles are still in service to cover roadworks and new building projects .
The map also lets the CT6 `` see '' much farther down the road than traditional optical and radar sensors allow , meaning it can adjust the engine , transmission , and suspension settings to cope with turns and so on .
Super Cruise should be available as an option on the Cadillac CT6 this fall .
Listing image by Jonathan Gitlin
A Democrat candidate for Kansas 2nd District seat in Congress is hearing from Kansas on the potential consequences of the Trump administration 's trade policy .
“ There is a great deal of consternation about the things that are coming from the White House about trade , the possibility of a full-on trade war with China and the effect that could have for people right here in Kansas , ” said candidate Paul Davis . “ We produce more sorghum than any other state in the country . If the Chinese were to put a tariff on sorghum imports from the United States , that would have just a dramatic effect . We 've already seen a great deal of price instability as a result of the talk about this . ”
In addition , proposed soybean tariffs would be hard for the 2nd District as Davis notes that is the District 's top crop .
“ This is something that should concern more than just farmers , ” said Davis . “ Agriculture is the backbone of our economy . If we were to see commodity prices drop significantly as a result of Chinese tariffs or a trade war , we 're going to feel this everywhere . ”
Davis is calling on Kansas current delegation to hold Trump 's feet to the fire on this .
“ We 've got to convince the President that this is the wrong thing to do for agriculture in America , ” said Davis . “ It 's going to really effect the livelihood of many , many people . ”
Davis is running to replace Republican Lynn Jenkins , who is retiring at the end of their term .
Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa seems like a pleasant person , but they remind us of a used car salesperson whenever he 's selling their upcoming budget .
One who does n't want you looking under the hood too closely while he 's making their sales pitch .
On Thursday , Sousa boasted to The Empire Club in Toronto that their fifth budget on April 27 will demonstrate that , `` Ontario is the leanest government with the lowest per-capita spending of any province . ''
Um , that 's been true for Ontario governments going back decades .
Since Ontario has the largest population of any province , it also has the advantage of economies of scale when delivering public services .
The Bill Davis Progressive Conservative government , for example , made exactly the same boast in 1981-82 that Sousa made Thursday .
When the Liberals are in power , they always boast about delivering services at the lowest per-capita cost of any province .
When they 're out of power , they always blame the party in power for not spending enough on government services . ( In fairness , all parties do it . )
What Sousa did n't say is that the Liberals have more than doubled Ontario 's debt to more than $ 300 billion since coming to power in 2003 , which has made Ontario the most indebted sub-sovereign ( non-national ) borrower in the world .
They did n't say the auditor general and Ontario 's Financial Accountability Office have warned the Liberals that they have plunged the province into precarious levels of debt .
Sousa claimed the Liberal scheme to borrow even more money from Ontario taxpayers to subsidize the electricity bills of hydro ratepayers -- even though they 're the same people -- is `` fairer because it does n't ask today 's generation alone to pay the entire freight . ''
That argument turns generations of fiscally prudent thinking -- that you do n't stick future generations with huge bills to pay for today 's services -- on its head .
Finally , Sousa repeated , for the umpteenth time , that this year 's budget will be balanced , later adding along with `` next year and the year after that . ''
Two problems . First , Sousa 's promising to balance a budget that wo n't come down until after the next Ontario election in 2018 .
Second , in 2003 , then Liberal leader Dalton McGuinty promised before the election not to raise our taxes .
And we all remember what happened after they won .
FILE PHOTO - A North Korean flag flies on a mast at the Permanent Mission of North Korea in Geneva October 2 , 2014 . REUTERS/Denis Balibouse/File Photo
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe speaks to reporters at their office in Tokyo on April 5 , 2017 , following North Korea 's latest ballistic missile launch . Mandatory credit Kyodo/via REUTERS
FILE PHOTO - U.S. President Donald Trump shakes hands with their new National Security Adviser Army Lt. Gen. H.R . McMaster after making the announcement at their Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach , Florida U.S. February 20 , 2017 . REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque/File Photo
FILE PHOTOS : A combination of file photos show U.S. President Donald Trump ( L ) in Washington March 1 , 2017 and Japan 's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in Tokyo November 18 , 2014 . REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque/Toru Hanai/File Photos
FILE PHOTO : United States Navy Admiral Scott Swift speaks at a press conference at Joint Base Pearl Harbor Hickam about the multi-national military exercise RIMPAC in Honolulu , Hawaii , July 5 , 2016 . REUTERS/Hugh Gentry
TOKYO/SEOUL Diplomatic and economic measures taken to rein in North Korea 's missile programme have not had the desired effect , a senior U.S. military commander said on Thursday after the North 's latest test triggered a flurry of calls among world leaders .
U.S President Donald Trump led calls with leaders and senior officials from Japan and South Korea on Thursday to discuss the latest provocation from Pyongyang , hours before Trump begins a much-anticipated summit with Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping .
`` Up to this point I think it is fair to say ... that economic and diplomatic efforts have not supported the progress people have been anticipating and looking forward to , '' U.S. Pacific Fleet Commander Admiral Scott Swift said in Tokyo , where they were meeting Japanese Self Defence Force commanders and foreign ministry officials .
North Korea 's nuclear and missile programmes will be high on the agenda when Trump and Xi meet at Trump 's Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida later on Thursday , with anger in Beijing simmering over the deployment of an advanced U.S. anti-missile system in South Korea .
Analysts have said Wednesday 's launch of a ballistic missile from North Korea 's east coast probably took place with the Trump-Xi summit in mind as the reclusive state presses ahead in defiance of United Nations resolutions and sanctions .
In a phone call with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Thursday , Trump again said that all options were on the table when it came to North Korea 's continued missile tests .
Swift said a military response remained among those options .
`` That decision would be up to the president , '' they told reporters . `` The military was always an option . ''
Tensions on the Korean peninsula and the Trump-Xi summit began to worry markets on Thursday , with the dollar and Wall Street shares slipping .
`` The market is only starting to factor in recent developments regarding North Korea , and it now wants to figure out the geopolitical implications of the U.S.-China summit , '' said Shusuke Yamada , a senior strategist at Bank of America Merrill Lynch in Tokyo .
`` DANGEROUS PROVOCATION ''
Abe said the two leaders had agreed that North Korea 's latest ballistic missile launch was `` a dangerous provocation and a serious threat '' .
They told reporters at their Tokyo residence they were watching to see how China would respond to Pyongyang after Xi meets Trump .
The White House said in a statement after the Abe call Trump `` made clear that the United States would continue to strengthen its ability to deter and defend itself and its allies with the full range of its military capabilities '' .
Trump has repeatedly said they want China to do more to exert its economic influence over its unpredictable ally in Pyongyang to restrain its nuclear and missile programmes , but China denies it has any overriding influence on North Korea .
On Sunday , Trump held out the possibility of using trade as a lever to secure Chinese cooperation , while suggesting Washington might deal with Pyongyang 's nuclear and missile programmes on its own if need be .
Any launch of objects using ballistic missile technology is a violation of U.N. Security Council resolutions . The North has defied the ban , saying it infringes on its sovereign rights to self-defence and the pursuit of space exploration .
In another call on Thursday , Trump 's national security adviser H.R . McMaster told their South Korean counterpart that Washington remained committed to the deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) system in South Korea .
South Korea and the United States say the sole purpose of the THAAD system is to defend against missile launches from North Korea but China says the system 's powerful radar could penetrate into its territory .
The United States began deploying the first elements of the THAAD system in South Korea last month , despite angry opposition from China .
South Korean officials said McMaster discussed the North 's latest missile launch and the Trump-Xi summit in a call with their counterpart in Seoul , Kim Kwan-jin .
`` Both sides agreed to pursue ... plans in order to substantially strengthen the international community 's sanctions and pressure on North Korea , '' South Korea 's presidential Blue House said in a statement .
`` ... both agreed to push forward the deployment of THAAD by U.S. forces in Korea , '' it said .
U.S. officials said the missile launched on Wednesday appeared to be a liquid-fuelled , extended-range Scud missile that only travelled a fraction of its range before spinning out of control .
They said it flew about 60 km ( 40 miles ) from its launch site near Sinpo , a port city on the North 's east coast where a submarine base is located .
As well as a growing list of ballistic missile launches , North Korea has also conducted two nuclear weapons tests since January 2016 .
( For a graphic on North Korea 's missile launches , see : tmsnrt.rs/2m9l4oj )
( Story refiles to correct spelling of Bank of America Merrill Lynch strategist 's first name to Shusuke , paragraph 10 . )
( Additional reporting by William Mallard , Kiyoshi Takenaka and Shinichi Saoshiro in TOKYO Eric Beech in WASHINGTON ; Editing by Paul Tait )
Whaleoil Backchat is brought to you by use coupon code WHALE OIL to get 10 % off e-cigarettes and e-liquids
Good evening , welcome to Whaleoil Backchat .
You do n't have to stay “ on topic ” in these posts like you do in all others . Feel free to share your own stories , discuss other news or catch up with friends . If you have n't tried it before , signing up for a Disqus account is free , quick , and it is easy .
New commenters should familiarise themselves with our Commenting and Moderation rules . Thank you .
> > Trouble commenting on Whaleoil ? Read this first . You can receive free help . Do not email via the Contact Page
Beneath Caesar Mavratsas ' rumpled tweed jacket beat a big , brave and generous heart .
These qualities , together with their keen intellect and good sense of humour , made them hugely popular with students and colleagues at the University of Cyprus where they served in the department of social and political sciences for the last 23 years .
The university has been flying its flag at half-mast since they passed away on Wednesday at the age of just 54 after a long illness .
Tributes and condolences poured in on social media from their colleagues and students , as well as from across the ‘ green line ' where they had many contacts in the Turkish Cypriot academic community .
Their work focused on sociological analysis of Greek Cypriot political culture , identity and nationalism . Their findings and methods were often controversial . They were brave enough to solicit the views of Turkish Cypriots for their work at a time when many still regarded this as a taboo .
This was especially so during the 1990s when civil society was in its infancy and checkpoints across the island 's divide had yet to open , which meant there was very little contact between Greek and Turkish Cypriots .
Mavratsas often faced harsh and unfair criticism but was never cowed by it . As a staunch supporter of the island 's reunification , they even put themselves more in the public eye by becoming writing columns for pro-settlement newspapers such as Politis .
“ Caesar broke down how the Cyprus problem has overshadowed Cypriot society and politics , and their work did a great deal to expose the culture of corporate clientelism , ” said Antonis Ellinas , associate professor of political science at UCy .
Another associate professor in the department of social and political sciences at UCy , Maria Hadjipavlou , said Caesar 's “ authenticity ” attracted students .
Because they trusted them and they were easy-going and mild-mannered , they could enjoy real intellectual debate , feeling comfortable enough to challenge and disagree with him , which they welcomed .
Post-graduate students were grateful for their generosity and dedication – they spent long hours helping and mentoring them .
Originally from Famagusta , Mavratsas went to Boston University in the US on a Fulbright scholarship to study sociology . They were granted a second scholarship to do their PhD , which they completed at the same university in 1993 .
Cypriot friends who studied there at the same time and stayed close when all returned home remember their life-long love of opera , classical music and film . They were also known for their sense of humour .
Mavratsas wrote several well-regarded books on Cypriot society and published many articles in Cypriot , Greek , British , American , Canadian and French academic journals .
They were due to celebrate their 25th wedding anniversary later this month with their wife Valerie , a Greek American , whom they met in Cyprus after returning from their studies in the US . They are also survived by their son , Vasilis , who graduated from Rice University in Texas in May .
Dean Elgar 's century and a quickfire unbeaten 68 from Quinton de Kock lifted South Africa to 297 for six on the opening day of the second test against Sri Lanka at Newlands on Monday .
Elgar scored a career-high 129 and shared a 103-run partnership with De Kock to lift the home side into a handy position after they had struggled early on .
The opener went past their previous top test score and their ton came up off 186 balls before they were caught by wicketkeeper Kusal Mendis off Suranga Lakmal half an hour before the close .
De Kock , whose runs came off 90 balls , will resume with nightwatchman Kyle Abbott unbeaten on 16 .
Teenager Lahiru Kumara claimed three wickets , including two in the same over , after they were brought into the side following Sri Lanka 's 206-run defeat in the first test in Port Elizabeth .
But the touring side will feel they did not take full advantage of the seamer-friendly track as they took as many wickets in the second two sessions as they had before lunch when South Africa were teetering on 69-3 after losing the toss and being put into bat .
There was an immediate breakthrough before the home team had scored a run with Stephen Cook , who made a century and was named man of the match in the first test , out to the fourth ball of the game . They pushed at a rising delivery from Lakmal and got a faint edge to Mendis .
The 19-year-old Kumara dismissed Hashim Amla and JP Duminy in the same over just before lunch .
Amla , continuing their indifferent form , was clean bowled for 29 and five balls later Duminy gloved a quick leg-side delivery to be caught for a duck after an acrobatic leap by Mendis .
In the second session , captain Faf du Plessis was the only wicket to fall , making 38 in a 76-run partnership with Elgar that launched South Africa 's fightback . They were caught at first slip by Angelo Mathews off the left-arm spin of Rangana Herath .
After tea , Temba Bavuma , who twice went out cheaply in the first test , was caught for 10 trying to flick a delivery over the field but taken at square leg by Upul Tharanga off Kumara .
Elgar followed with a thick edge off the second new ball but not before seeing their team into a relatively strong position .
Erik Karlsson is the latest member of the Ottawa Senators to go under the knife .
The Senators ' captain , who played through the postseason with two hairline fractures in their foot , had surgery in Charlotte , N.C. Wednesday to repair torn tendons in their left foot . The recovery time is four months and the Senators are hopeful he 'll be ready in time to start next season .
Karlsson , a finalist for the Norris Trophy as the NHL 's top defenceman , is scheduled to attend the awards show next week in Las Vegas and this injury was discovered after testing following the season . Karlsson is trying to capture the third Norris Trophy of their career .
“ The tears , which occurred during this year 's Stanley Cup playoffs , were found during an MRI as part of an extensive medical evaluation following the season , ” said GM Pierre Dorion in a statement Wednesday night .
“ The recovery from this surgery is expected to take approximately four months . This timeline leaves us hopeful that Erik will be fully recovered and healthy to start the 2017-18 regular season . ”
A four-month timeline should have them ready just in time for the start of the year . The players will likely report to camp in mid-September , but Karlsson has shown in the past he 's a fast healer . They suffered an Achilles injury to their left foot in February , 2013 and was supposed to be out the rest of the season . They returned to play that year .
Last week , winger Derick Brassard had surgery on their shoulder to repair a torn labrum and it 's possible they could miss the start of the season .
bgarrioch @ postmedia.com
Twitter : @ sungarrioch
0:38 Vintage Packard pulled from lagoon at Concours Pause
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America 's Team ?
4:04 Talkin ' Cowboys : Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
1:12 Man 's best friend also becomes man 's best colleague
0:24 Fire engulfs vacant house on Fort Worth Avenue
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
amtrak upgrade Mark Yachmetz , Amtrak 's vice president for Northeast Corridor business development , describes improvements planned for carpeting , seat cushions and lighting in 450 cars such as the one they are standing in Nov. 13 , 2017 , in Washington 's Union Station . 01 / 19 Mark Yachmetz , Amtrak 's vice president for Northeast Corridor business development , describes improvements planned for carpeting , seat cushions and lighting in 450 cars such as the one they are standing in Nov. 13 , 2017 , in Washington 's Union Station . 01 / 19
The name “ Acela ” was created by blending the words “ acceleration ” and “ excellence. ” The 20 Acela Express trainsets were designed and manufactured by a consortium of Bombardier and Alstom . Each includes six passenger cars between two power cars at each end – such as the one shown here . The power cars have 6,169 horsepower and are capable of reaching speeds of 150 mph over current Northeast Corridor infrastructure . With tilt technology , the passenger cars maintain higher speeds through curves by leaning into them .
Matt Donnelly , Amtrak
Amtrak passengers in Acela 's first class section will no longer have to fight for a prime seat .
The train service is now offering assigned seating in the first class section of its Acela Express train , which operates on the popular Northeast Corridor .
Customers will be able to select their seats ahead of time . They have the option of single or double seats , a window or an aisle , or a two- or four-person conference table .
Amtrak will evaluate the program before deciding on expanding seat assignments to more routes .
“ By reducing the anxiety and stress of boarding , we 're making the onboarding process easier , while continuing to ensure the safety of our customers , ” Tim Griffin , Amtrak 's chief marketing officer , said in a written statement . “ Customers have long requested assigned seats on trains , allowing families , friends and colleagues to sit together . ”
The practice of assigning seats on long-distance trains is common in Europe and Asia , but Amtrak has always had a first-come first-served policy . That practice has at times resulted in passengers not being able to find seats during holiday and other peak seasons .
Amtrak 's new CEO Richard Anderson , who began Jan. 1 , was previously CEO of Delta Air Line . Amtrak , which is federally subsidized , has been adopting services that airlines have been introducing in recent years , such as Wi-Fi and outlets at every seat .
As for the seat assignments , customers can modify their assigned seat any time prior to boarding via Amtrak.com , Amtrak 's mobile app or with a ticket agent . There are no fees for reserving or modifying a seat . If the customer does not show up after two hours , the seat will be given away .
Crossing the country by Amtrak Amtrak 's California Zephyr in Emeryville , Calif. , on Feb. 14 , 2018 . The Zephyr is rightly regarded as Amtrak 's most scenic train across the Sierras and Rocky Mountains . 01 / 35 Amtraks California Zephyr in Emeryville , Calif. , on Feb. 14 , 2018 . The Zephyr is rightly regarded as Amtrak 's most scenic train across the Sierras and Rocky Mountains . 01 / 35
Amtrak interiors through the years In connection with the start of Amtrak service in May 1971 , the company handpicked approximately 1,200 cars from a total pool of 3,000 held by the two dozen predecessor railroads that had handed over their passenger service obligations to Amtrak . Many of these inherited cars wore various paint schemes , which is why these early years are sometimes referred to as Amtrak 's `` Rainbow Era . '' 01 / 18 In connection with the start of Amtrak service in May 1971 , the company handpicked approximately 1,200 cars from a total pool of 3,000 held by the two dozen predecessor railroads that had handed over their passenger service obligations to Amtrak . Many of these inherited cars wore various paint schemes , which is why these early years are sometimes referred to as Amtrak 's `` Rainbow Era . '' 01 / 18
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
PORT ELGIN -
The Winterhawks broke out for five goals and snapped a two-game losing streak with a convincing 5-1 decision over Shelburne Muskies Dec 8 in Port Elgin .
Richard Harris made their first start in the Winterhawks net since the inaugural 2007/08 season and was greeted by their team , the Saugeen Shores Storm Peewee A/E squad who carried the Bruce Telecom flags around the arena .
Although adrenaline may have unsettled Harris , initially as they needed their posts to make a couple saves and survived a few goal mouth scrambles early on , but settled in quickly to keep the Muskies off the board .
The Winterhawks were all over the Muskies but both goalies were tough to beat until Nick Quaid stepped in off the point at 18:05 and snapped a shot over the shoulder of Davey to make it 1-0 Winterhawks who outshot Shelburne 20-6 in the opening frame .
Early in the second period , Bryan Kazarian made it 2-0 Winterhawks when they lead a 2-on-1 rush into the Muskies zone and snapped the puck past Davey , with assists to Chris Minard and Alex Kuntz .
Seconds later it was 2-1 when Kris Dobinson sent the puck through traffic in front , past Davey 's glove .
Shelburne pressed for the equalizer , but Harris aside all 14 shots in the second period .
The Winterhawks turned up the heat striking three times , led by Curtis Johnston who notched their second goal of the season at 3:41 , banging home a loose puck in the slot . Trent Hawke and Josh Hopkin had the assists .
Hopkin made it 4-1 at 9:38 when they sent a shot from the point through a crowd and past Davey , with assists from Kazarian and Minard .
Miles MacLean rounded out the scoring , taking a pass on the rush from Connor Patton , to put a snap shot past Davey to make it 5-1 Winterhawks .
Harris made 29 saves for the win , picking up the Wismer House player of the game honours , and was mobbed by a huge crowd of fans after the game .
The win moves the Winterhawks to 5-5-1 on the season , and they face their biggest test of the season , as the undefeated defending champion Clinton Radars come to The Plex Dec. 15 with at 8:30 p.m. puck drop .
A Brief History of Babel
Borders , windows .
Sound .
Trudging up the steps , I am winded after six flights ,
my words smothered in the breathing .
The Gate of God proffers no favors .
When the spirit gives me utterance , what shall I say ?
Curiously , no direct link exists between Babel and babble .
A collective aphasia could explain the disruption . One 's
inability to mouth the proper word , another 's
fluency impeded by context .
A stairway terminating in clouds .
Syllable by twisted syllable , dispersed .
Separated in symbols .
And then ,
writing .
To see the sunrise from behind a tree , you must face
east : higashi , or , a discrete way of seeing
the structure of language unfold .
Two characters , layered . One
thought . Direction .
Connotation . The sun 's
ascent viewed through branches
as through the frame
of a glassless
window .
Complexity in simplicity .
Or the opposite .
I have no desire to touch heaven , but my tongues reach where they will .
Who can know what we say to God , but God ?
And the breeze winding through , carrying fragments .
My poem , “ A Brief History of Babel , ” was drafted during the August 2015 Tupelo Press 30-30 challenge , and was subsequently published at Bonnie McClellan 's International Poetry Month celebration in February 2017 .
Samsung has been reportedly working on the in-display fingerprint reader for quite some time . Previously the company was said to introduce the tech with its Galaxy Note 9 . But new reports claim that the idea was dropped due to technical issues .
Recent reports hint that Samsung will be bringing the new tech with flagship Galaxy S10 next year . The smartphone will be company 's 10th anniversary Galaxy S flagship , so expect some top-end device .
According to a new report from South Korea , the in-display fingerprint sensor for the S10 is almost `` confirmed . '' The new smartphone will have an ultrasonic display-based fingerprint sensor and will be supplied by Qualcomm .
Earlier , it was reported that Samsung will make the final decision whether or not it will introduce the tech with S10 . The reports may be an indication that the company has finally made its decision . The display panel will be supplied by Samsung Display whereas Qualcomm is said to be supplying the ultrasonic fingerprint sensor .
This is the first time Qualcomm has been reported to supply sensors to a major OEM . The ultrasonic sensor will be more accurate compared to the optical in-display sensor seen on the few smartphones currently . It works by transmitting an ultrasonic pulse against the finger to map the pores and ridges that are unique to each fingerprint . The sensor collects additional depth data for accurate 3D reproduction of the fingerprint make it even more secure .
The Galaxy S10 as we know , wo n't see the light of day before 2019 . It is believed that the smartphone will be launched at the Consumer Electronics Show 2019 in January . This could be because the company plans to launch its foldable smartphone at MWC 2019 in February .
Apart from that , Samsung will soon be unveiling its Galaxy Note 9 phablet to the world . As the launch time is inching closer , the leaks and rumors are pouring in at an alarming rate . Now a new video showing a screen guard build for Galaxy Note 9 hints at a larger iris scanner .
The new scanner might be an upgraded version and might improve the authentication process . Samsung has n't changed the top bezel arrangement since last year and Note 9 will be another one of its products to sport an iris scanner .
Samsung will also be launching a Lite version of the Galaxy S9 . The device with model number SM-G8850 was recently certified by TENAA . As for the specifications , the smartphone is said to feature a 5.8-inch display with QHD+ resolution of 1440 x 2960 pixels . It will be powered by a Snapdragon 660 chipset backed by 4GB/6GB of RAM . There are also reports that the device will be called Samsung Dream-Lite but that 's not certain . Also , there is no word on when to expect the launch of the phone .
On Friday , the FCC approved Google 's application to use its Project Loon balloons to give emergency cell service to Puerto Rico — 83 percent of which still lacks cell coverage . Creative Commons
Provided to YouTube by Universal Music Group North America
Meeting On Termini 's Corner · Roland Kirk
Rahsaan : The Complete Mercury Recordings Of Roland Kirk
℗ 1962 The Verve Music Group , a Division of UMG Recordings , Inc .
Released on : 1990-01-01
Producer : Jack Tracy
Piano : Andrew Hill
Double Bass : Vernon Martin
Drums : Henry Duncan
Author , Composer : Roland Kirk
Music Publisher : Unichappell Music , Inc .
Auto-generated by YouTube .
3 July 2018 — Instagram is one of the biggest and most efficient platforms to use in order to grow your business and boost your sales . If you are not using it to your advantage today then you are deliberately refusing to sell to more than 500 million people on the internet , who are devoted to consuming beautiful visual content and who want to engage with talented content creators . The days when Instagram was thought to be the place destined to beauty bloggers and fitness models are long gone . The platform has expanded developing huge communities of people with various interests who are hungry to consume content and spend their money on attractive things or services . What do you need in order to be a success on Instagram ?
Well , you do n't need anything except a good eye for content and a lot of free time to follow people who engage with the hashtags relevant to you . Or do you ? In reality , serious Instagram business is conducted via using third party services like Instagram services who automate the process for you and follow exact instructions . Incentafan is one of them . It is a free Instagram followers service that runs in the background for the time you set it to run and follows people or likes content in dependence to the instructions you have set up .
For example if your business has amassed quite a following it is evident that you will need to engage with them in some way or another besides responding to their requests and queries . A good way to do that is to set the Instagram followers service to comment their pictures in order to remind them about your brand or enable it to dispense Instagram likes . Let it do that for your audience of several thousand Instagram followers and voila , you have them coming back to you and who knows , maybe ordering something again if they did n't do that for a long time .
About company :
Another good way to use the bot is to set it to follow people who are following the hashtags that are relevant to you . Instagram is very much a follow for follow community where the best way to get noticed is to get into someone 's notification bar after you have followed them . This way the people you have followed will check your account out and may as well follow you back . That is one of the best ways to get long term real followers on Instagram for your brands . Moreover , the people that do that , do it because they display a genuine interest for what you do or provide which turns them into great potential customers .
Finally , if you found this piece helpful , do n't forget to share it with your friends who might servicereciate it , and let them know about the capabilities of this great Instagram followers service .
Company Name : Incentafan
Website : https : //www.incentafan.com/
Craigslist
Did you forget a birthday ? Is Valentines day coming up too quick for ya ? If you need a gift quick , then there is no better place to look than Craigslist . Even better it is full of stuff people are just giving away . For free !
I was poking around Craigslist recently ( because I have that kind of time ) and after checking if anyone had missed my connections , I found a bunch of stuff that people are just giving away in South Dakota . All sorts of awesome stuff . Like a broken washer and dryer , or stuff to burn . But , if you need some gift ideas , here 's my to five .
The establishment wing of the Republican Party is reportedly being hit by a surging revolt from their donors — from whom the establishment gets its financial lifeblood — amid the failure of GOP leadership to get its agenda through Congress .
According to Politico , mega-donor Thomas Wachtell urged Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R-KY ) to “ just do something ” at a recent L.A. dinner . McConnell reportedly responded by noting that passing legislation takes time , but such a plea was not greeted favorably by attendees .
advertisement
“ You 're never going to get a more sympathetic Republican than I am , ” Wachtell said , noting they had stopped giving money to the Senate GOP . “ But I 'm sick and tired of nothing happening . ”
McConnell has been the focus of donor and conservative anger mainly because it is in their chamber when legislation has been stalling or dying outright . Most significantly , the promise to repeal Obamacare — a plank of the Republican platform since the law was passed — has been killed in the Senate twice .
Tax reform , another key agenda item , looks uncertain and is well behind schedule partly because of the failure to repeal and replace Obamacare . The only major item that looks like it may pass by year 's end is a “ comprehensive immigration reform ” bill that includes amnesty for illegal immigrants brought to the country illegally — precisely what Trump voters voted against in 2016 .
The donors ' frustration has long been shared by President Trump , who over the summer ditched McConnell and their counterpart in the House , Speaker Paul Ryan ( R-WI ) , to work with Democratic leaders Sen. Chuck Schumer ( D-NY ) and Rep. Nancy Pelosi ( D-CA ) to make a deal on raising the debt ceilings .
McConnell was also dealt a serious defeat at the state level when establishment-backed Sen. Luther Strange ( R-AL ) was beaten in the Alabama Senate primary by Judge Roy Moore — despite Strange outspending Moore by as much as 10-1 .
But as McConnell and their allies find themselves unable to set the legislative agenda , despite controlling both chambers of Congress and the White House , Politico reports that more and more donors are keeping hold of their cash until they see results . This could seriously hurt the establishment of needed cash as they prepare for the 2018 midterms , where they may also see a wave of conservative challengers to their favored candidates .
Sen. Thom Tillis ( R-SC ) , who oversees fundraising for the National Republican Senatorial Committee , told colleagues that donations had tanked after the failure to repeal Obamacare .
Bruce Rastetter , an Iowa donor and agribusiness mogul , reportedly told Iowa Sens . Chuck Grassley and Joni Ernst that they were not donating “ unless they pass new legislation or get new leadership . ”
Roy Bailey , a Dallas-based GOP bundler put the dilemma for donors simply : “ I think major donors are tired of writing checks to a do-nothing Congress . ”
That anger at leadership has also spread to top administration officials . On Tuesday , chief of staff to Vice President Mike Pence , Nick Ayers , reportedly told donors that a “ purge ” was needed of GOP leaders who are working against the president 's agenda .
Ayers petitioned the donors at the meeting to form a coalition of donors to offer an ultimatum to McConnell and their allies : get President Donald Trump 's agenda through by year 's end or “ we 're going out , we 're recruiting opponents , we 're maxing out to their campaigns , and we 're funding super PACs to defeat all of you . ”
Adam Shaw is a Breitbart News politics reporter based in New York . Follow Adam on Twitter : @ AdamShawNY .
Samsung Electronics Co 's sponsorship of the equestrian athlete daughter of a long-time friend of President Park Geun-Hye has helped to land South Korea 's top company in the centre of the country 's influence-peddling scandal .
Samsung agreed last year to pay $ 18 million to Core Sports International GmbH , a consulting firm controlled by Park 's friend Choi Soon-sil , who is in jail and faces charges of abuse of power and fraud in a criminal trial that began this month .
A South Korean court has also issued an arrest warrant for Choi 's Germany-based horse-riding daughter , 20-year-old Chung Yoo-ra – who has been the main beneficiary of the sponsorship – for alleged criminal interference related to their academic record , and other unspecified charges .
The sponsorship deal is being examined by prosecutors as they try to ascertain whether Samsung , which was also funding and chairing the Korea Equestrian Federation ( KEF ) , sought favours from Choi and President Park in return for funding initiatives backed by them . In particular , they are looking at whether favours included the National Pension Service ' support for Samsung 's founding family in a shareholder vote last year .
“ A crucial part of our investigation is to look into why Samsung and the KEF supported Choi Soon-sil and their daughter Chung Yoo-ra and transferred funds to companies set up by Choi or involved with Choi , ” an official at the special prosecutor 's team told a news agency . They declined to be identified because they are not authorised to speak with the media .
Park has been impeached by parliament over their role in a wide-ranging influence-peddling scandal linked to Choi , and now awaits a Constitutional Court review of that decision , which if upheld would make them the first democratically-elected South Korean leader to leave office in disgrace .
The last thing a patient already coping with cancer needs is an ER visit that could have been prevented .
Consider a man—we 'll call them Mr. Jones—newly diagnosed with advanced lung cancer . In their first month , they start chemotherapy . Within days , their nausea is overwhelming . They call their clinic and gets the lunch hour voicemail : “ If this is an emergency , call 911. ” They try their anti-nausea medications but ca n't keep them down . So they drive themselves to the emergency department . From there , Mr. Jones is admitted to the hospital , where they remain for 3 days so their doctors can stabilize the effects of their nausea and dehydration—a debilitating conclusion to a life-altering month .
We have seen this happen all too often . We can do better .
Acute hospitalizations are the single largest driver of differences in how doctors care for patients with cancer and account for nearly half of spending on cancer care . Many hospitalizations—like Mr. Jones'—are preventable . And once discharged , a patient is often admitted again : more than one in four patients having cancer treatment are readmitted with 30 days .
The Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services ( CMS ) recently proposed a new measure that seeks to reduce hospitalizations for cancer patients getting chemotherapy . In short , if a patient receiving chemotherapy is hospitalized for one of 10 conditions ( including nausea and fever ) within 30 days of treatment , the hospital 's Medicare reimbursement could suffer . However , no one knows the best approaches to prevent unnecessary hospitalizations .
We published a study today that takes an exhaustive look at ways to reduce unnecessary hospitalizations for patients with cancer . We examined guidelines , demonstration projects , and dozens of studies . Based on our review , we propose five strategies that represent state-of-the-art cancer care .
First , we should identify patients at high risk of preventable hospitalizations to ensure that the patients with the highest need get the most support . Big data approaches may be able to determine which patients are at the highest risk for complications from treatment , prompting early intervention . For example , by using predictive analytics to risk-stratify patients with heart failure , one group reduced hospital readmissions by nearly 20 % .
Second , we should enhance access and care coordination so that patients can get the care they need when they need it . Technology has great potential in this area . Telemonitoring and other ‘ connected health ' approaches may be helpful to monitor patients closely when they are at home , catching potential problems earlier . For example , a group of researchers finds that the simple act of prompting patients getting chemotherapy to report their symptoms to their doctors electronically between visits helped patients not only feel much better and require fewer hospitalizations , but also live longer .
Third , we should standardize clinical pathways so that patients get the best treatment for their symptoms every time . One group learned that using standardized treatment protocols for common symptoms within the practice could reduce preventable hospitalizations by half .
Fourth , we should develop urgent cancer care tactics , which will allow us to become better at addressing the urgent needs of patients that arise outside of the standard office visit . One medical group adjusted its clinic schedule to create dedicated daily appointment slots for urgent visits . This simple intervention cut hospitalizations for symptom management by nearly a third .
And lastly , we should employ early palliative care , which has been shown to improve both quality and duration of life . One study found that patients with end-stage lung cancer who received early palliative care had less depression , reported higher quality of life , and lived significantly longer , despite receiving less aggressive end-of-life care .
While these may seem simple and straightforward , health care systems have only recently begun to appreciate how important even small changes can be . Imagine Mr. Jones ' care if they had access to text message tools that would have allowed them to report symptoms sooner—and allowed their care team to know they were at higher risk of needing emergency care . With this proactive approach , they could have had access to stronger medications to manage their nausea sooner , dictated by an evidence-based care pathway . And if they still needed emergency care ? They could have gone to their oncologist 's office if the schedule had spots reserved for such visits—or even an urgent care center with particular expertise in treating cancer patients—rather than the general emergency department .
In short , the cancer care system could have anticipated Mr. Jones ' needs more effectively . This is n't just about reducing unnecessary hospitalizations—it 's about listening to our patients , trying to foresee their needs , and making what is inevitably a difficult period a little more tolerable .
Nathan Handley is a medical oncology fellow at Penn Medicine and student at The Wharton School of The University of Pennsylvania . Lynn Schuchter is Chief of the Division of Hematology-Oncology at The University of Pennsylvania . Justin Bekelman is a radiation oncologist and leads a research program in cancer care innovation at the Abramson Cancer Center at the University of Pennsylvania .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Police have launched an investigation after a child was hit by an officer 's taser probes . The incident happened 2 February during a career fair at Edna Moyle Primary School in North Side . Police , in a statement , said , “ During a demonstration of police equipment , the probes on a taser were accidentally released , breaking the skin on a child at the demonstration . The child was treated on-site and did not require further medical treatment . To be clear , there was no electrical discharge of the taser during this accident . ” The RCIPS said the incident has been referred to the Professional Standards Unit .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Print
Beverly , MA , April 17 , 2017 - Mitral regurgitation can occur in up to 50 % of patients with ischemic heart disease and even mild ischemic mitral regurgitation ( IMR ) has been linked to increased long-term mortality . How best to treat IMR is controversial , in part , because of the fragility and complexity of the patients , difficulty of grading IMR , the variety of medical and surgical options , and lack of long-term quality studies . Noting that other guidelines generally do not focus on optimal surgical approaches to IMR , the AATS enlisted a group of experts to create a consensus document to provide clinicians with their recommendations based on their opinions and the best available evidence . The Guidelines are published in The Journal of Thoracic and Cardiovascular Surgery , the official publication of the American Association for Thoracic Surgery ( AATS ) .
`` We acknowledge that ischemic MR remains a challenging situation for the clinician and surgeon . However , emerging data has provided an opportunity for more guided recommendations for this patient population . These Guidelines will continue to evolve as more data is reported in the future , '' commented Irving L. Kron , MD , Professor of Surgery at the University of Virginia School of Medicine and chair of the AATS IMR Consensus Guidelines Writing Committee .
An example of what the Guidelines offer is a section on whether to repair or replace the mitral valve in severe IMR - a very controversial issue . While guidelines from the American Heart Association/American College of Cardiology and the European Society of Cardiology/European Association for CardioThoracic Surgery recommend mitral valve surgery for patients with severe IMR who remain symptomatic despite optimal medical treatment , they `` provide no guidance in selecting MV replacement versus MV repair , '' explained Dr. Kron .
These new Guidelines suggest that replacement for patients with severe IMR who have a basal aneurysm ( dyskinesis ) , significant echocardiographic evidence of leaflet tethering , or moderate to severe left ventricular remodeling ( left ventricular end-diastolic diameter > 65mm ) is a reasonable therapy . Repair , rather than replacement , can also be considered for those who do not have a basal aneurysm/dyskinesis , significant leaflet tethering , or severe LV enlargement .
For patients with moderate IMR , these guidelines say MV repair can be considered at the time of coronary artery bypass grafting . Coronary bypass alone is usually sufficient . Additional sections of the document are devoted to optimizing IMR imaging and whether to use percutaneous transcatheter MV repair .
Mitral regurgitation is blood leakage through the mitral valve into the left atrium . It can be the result of damage to the valve itself or ischemic damage to left ventricular heart muscle , for example following myocardial infarction . IMR can lead to elevated left atrial blood pressure and volume , pulmonary hypertension , and fluid build-up in the lungs . Patients with IMR can experience chest pain and palpitations , shortness of breath , fatigue , weakness , lightheadedness , and swelling of the ankles , feet , and abdomen , and the possibility of heart failure , atrial fibrillation , and death .
`` These Guidelines reflect the efforts of a panel of experts , drawing on expert opinion among other modalities , and are based on what we know at this time , '' remarked Dr. Kron . `` There is no doubt that the Guidelines will continue to evolve as reports of longer-term follow-up emerge . ''
# # #
[ India ] , June 15 ( ANI ) : With Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh ( RSS ) Chief Mohan Bhagwat 's name being speculated as the next Presidential candidate , the Congress Party on Thursday while downplaying the same stated that no names have been finalised so far .
`` The deliberations are still underway with regards to the presidential polls . The Shiv Sena and BJP , being two faces of one coin , share the same agenda . No names have been finalised so far . At present , the only focus of the Opposition is to fight the elections as one single unit , rather than individual political parties , '' Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharge told ANI .
Earlier on Wednesday , the Opposition leaders held a meeting at the Parliament to discuss the road to the presidential polls . Stressing on the importance of deliberating before reaching a consensus , senior advocate KTS Tulsi said it is essential to consider the opinion of all political factions , before arriving at a decision . `` The election is not a mere formality ; opinions of all parties should be taken into account . I hope they arrive at a consensus , '' they said . Meanwhile , Union Ministers Rajnath Singh and M. Venkaiah Naidu will meet Congress president Sonia Gandhi and CPI ( M ) general secretary Sitaram Yechury on Friday to discuss matters related to next month 's presidential election . Both have already spoken to Nationalist Congress Party 's Praful Patel and Bahujan Samaj Party 's Satish Mishra . Recently , Sonia Gandhi met various leaders from opposition parties to give a tough fight to the ruling National Democratic Alliance ( NDA ) Government 's candidate for the post of President . Earlier this week , BJP president Amit Shah had formed a three-member committee , consisting of Union Ministers Rajnath Singh , M. Venkaiah Naidu and Finance Minister Arun Jaitley for consultations with the opposition over likely candidates for president . As President Pranab Mukherjee 's term comes to an end on July 24 , the Presidential election will be held on July 17 . The Election Commission said the last date of nomination is June 28 and the counting of votes will be taken up on July 20 . President Mukherjee will demit office on July 25 and Vice President Hamid Ansari will complete their second tenure in August . ( ANI )
U.S. stocks fell as concerns over increased regulation for large tech companies was spearheaded by a plunge in Facebook shares . Aleksandra Michalska reports .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
When Dr Alex Bruna was a teenager , their father asked them a heartbreaking question that would change the course of their life .
They had a rare type of leukemia and their prescribed treatments were not working , instead making them feel very ill .
Turning to their daughter they asked : `` Do n't they know what to give me ? ''
Juan Carlos lived with the disease for nine years before they died aged just 48 , leaving Alex determined to find an answer to their question .
( Image : Alex Bruna )
`` I was with them alone when they asked me that question , '' explained Alex , now a cancer research specialist .
`` I said ' I do n't know and you just have to keep fighting ' . It 's quite discouraging and frustrating to be in that position . You do n't want to let go . ''
Alex was just 13 when their dad was first diagnosed and watched them endure about eight types of treatment .
`` They were trying to help them but the treatments they received almost killed them a couple of times , '' they said .
“ It made me realise that treatments are not always beneficial and can cause harm . And for some people those treatments worked , but not for my dad .
`` From that I understood some people with the same type of cancer will live and some will not . I wanted to understand why that was . ''
`` It was the starting point where I became a scientist where I became who I am . ''
( Image : Alex Bruna )
Originally from Spain , Alex has made Cambridge their home . They live in the city with their two sons .
Now working at the forefront of personalised cancer treatment research , Alex credits their father as the inspiration for them forging their career as a scientist .
`` He taught me to be a fighter . They were fighting the disease really well and I thought I should be the same , '' they said .
`` What we learnt from that is strength rather than weakness they coped with that in a very heroic way .
“ Since then a good friend of mine died of Gliobastoma , there were no options for him .
`` My best friend was diagnosed with breast cancer – 10 years ago they would 've been told to go home and make a will – but they knew that Herceptin was the right drug for them
`` This has shown me again how important personalised treatment is – how we must find the right treatment for each patient . ''
( Image : Mark Hewlwtt )
Alex is based at the CRUK Cambridge Institute in Professor Carlos Caldas ' lab .
The lab made a major breakthrough in recent years , discovering that breast cancer has at least 10 different genetic subtypes - each subtype has a distinctive genetic and molecular fingerprint and each has different weak spots which can be targeted .
Alex 's research project is also pioneering . Them team take samples of tumours and run tests on them in the lab to help predict what drugs would work best for each patient .
They credited the hard work of their team , patient participation and cross-disciplinary working between researchers and other scientists for continued progress in improved cancer treatments .
`` Cancer changes through time , '' they explained . `` Its a moving target . We do n't just want to give the right treatment now , we want to predict what happens when the patient comes back with recurrences .
`` We want to understand the evolution , how tumours evolve . ''
( Image : Mark Hewlett )
Alex said patients could help researchers and feel part of shaping their own treatment by volunteering to contribute samples of their tumours .
`` We now tell them you can help us by giving a bit of your tumour , by considering to be part of this trial .
`` The more you help us the more we can understand and help you back . ''
Alex also fundraises for Cancer Research UK . In June they scaled the Cavall Bernat mountain , in Barcelona , in just over three hours . It was a daredevil 240 metre climbdown and Alex raised over £1,400 .
( Image : Mark Hewlett )
On Sunday ( July 8 ) they will take on the 10K Race for Life in Cambridge , joining thousands of other women and children to raise money for cancer research .
Alex said : “ I have run Race for Life in the past a number of times , I did it when my sons were very young and in their pushchairs .
`` It is an overwhelming and emotional day . You see the back signs and why people take part .
I wear my , ' I 'm a scientist top ' , people will stop and talk to me , tell me - well done . It really gets to me , I find it very emotional . ''
Reflecting on where their life has lead since their father asked them that powerful question all those years ago , Alex said : `` I wish I could tell them I did it , at least I 'm trying . ''
To support Alex , visit : https : //fundraise.cancerresearchuk.org/page/dreambig-climbing-challenge .
To sign up for Race for Life , which starts and finishes on Cambridge 's Jesus Green , visit : raceforlife.org .
Mount Pleasant Academy won the all Jamaican battle Saturday ( 30 June ) with a 3-0 victory over Cavalier Soccer Club in the Cayman Airways Under-13 Youth Cup finale .
In the first half , an eager clearance attempt by the Cavalier goalkeeper nearing the edge of the box saw Deandre Jackson gather a lose ball to chip it up and over the defense for an early 1-0 lead .
Tournament Most Valuable Player Jalon Lopez later extended the lead to 2-0 . A final goal from Romario Gibbs sealed the game for the Jamaicans . Head Coach Vanie Clarke says the team demonstrated a resilient effort .
“ We did n't come here expecting to necessarily win , but we always knew the work we were putting in would prove the worth of it . As they grew through the tournament , they started feeling more positive about themselves , they started feeling stronger and every challenge that they faced , they overcame them . ”
Cavalier 's Jhmar Brown won the Golden Boot with eight goals over the six-day tournament .
In the third place game , an impressive performance by the tournament 's top goalkeeper , Golden Glove winner Kyle Durham helped lead Central Brooklyn Soccer Club of the United States to a win in penalty kicks over Harbour View Football Club of Jamaica . Durham allowed just two goals in the group stage , with just two goals allowed against eventual winner Mount Pleasant Academy in Friday 's ( 29 June ) 2-1 semifinal loss .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Print
mind ) tend to belittle the serious nature of the true crimes of violence involving force and physical harm . The latter rightfully deserve society 's attention and remedy .
Sue 's right about the unpleasant stuff that goes on when men decide that a “ move ” is in order . Increase the physical distance , ( move off ) . Look them straight in the eye and say , “ I do n't think that 's funny. ” But leave the high-road indignation to what matters .
Julia Whitcombe
Palisades News welcomes all letters , which may be emailed to letters @ palisadesnews.com . Please include a name , address and telephone number so we may reach you . Letters do not necessarily reflect the viewpoint of the Palisades News .
NAPA , Calif. — Tyler Duncan chipped in from the fringe for eagle on the par-5 18th hole Friday to take the second-round lead in the season-opening Safeway Open .
Making their second career PGA Tour start , Duncan shot a 6-under 66 for a one-stroke lead over defending champion Brendan Steele at Silverado Resort and Spa .
Duncan , the Web.com Tour graduate who shared the first-round lead with Steele and Tom Hoge , also had seven birdies and three bogeys to reach 13-under 131 .
`` It 's crazy , it 's nothing I could have ever dreamed of , '' said Duncan , whose only other PGA Tour event was as a regional qualifier in the 2015 U.S. Open . `` I do n't think it 's sunk in yet , to be honest . It 's something I 've dreamed about for a long time . I 'm just happy to be playing here and to be in the lead is something special . ''
Steele had six birdies and a bogey in a 67 . He 's 30 under is their past six rounds in the event .
`` It was really a solid day , very similar to yesterday , '' Steele said . `` I hit a lot of good shots , rolled and a lot of good putts and was able to watch Chesson go crazy . ''
Chesson Hadley , who began the second round seven shots behind the leaders , broke the course record with a career-best 61 to get within two strokes . They parred the final two holes .
`` It 's just one of those days everything was going my way , '' said Hadley , the 2014 Puerto Rico Open winner who regained their tour card through the Web.com Tour . `` I was hitting great shots , good putts and got some good breaks . When you get that of momentum , things just go your way .
They had an eagle , 10 birdies and a bogey . Their previous career best was a 64 in the opening round of the 2015 AT & T Pebble Beach Pro-Am .
Graham DeLaet of Weyburn , Sask. , is five shots back after a second round 67 . Nick Taylor ( 68 ) of Abbotsford , B.C. , and Corey Conners ( 69 ) of Listowel , Ont. , are five under while Ben Silverman ( 71 ) of Thornhill , Ont. , is 3 under and David Hearn ( 72 ) of Brantford , Ont. , is 1 under .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A seven-year-old fatally injured by an out-of-control bouncy castle was pulled out by a fairground worker in charge of the inflatable .
Fairground worker William Thurston , 28 , described the moment they found Summer Grant in court today ( April 24 ) .
Thurston and their wife Shelby , 25 , are both charged with manslaughter by gross negligence after the bouncy castle Summer was in was blown away by a gust of wind .
The little girl suffered severe injuries when the Circus Superdome rolled away with them inside at Harlow Town Park on March 26 , 2016 .
( Image : SWNS )
DC Paul Kenney , of the Major Crime Office in Harlow , took to the stand to read out both defendants ' police interviews the day after the incident .
William Thurston told police they heard a scream , before seeing the inflatable lift up from the ground .
They said : “ I heard a scream . There were maybe ten people stood in the vicinity . I just heard people scream . I looked and saw what was happening .
“ I just saw the front corner of the dome begin to lift by about a foot . I ran towards it . It went through the caravans and went out of sight for what felt like forever . It was probably seconds
“ By this time , there were maybe 15 people running .
“ I did not know that someone was inside until we were running and someone shouted there is someone inside . At that point it was going straight but the front corner was lifting a little bit . ”
The inflatable dome took off and landed around 300 metres down the bottom of the hill , crashing into the fence at nearby Pets Corner .
“ It had come to a stop at the bottom of the park , ” said William Thurston . “ It was the right way over and as I came up to it , it still looked intact and what it should look like .
“ I opened the emergency exit and I shouted inside . I did not get a response and saw a girl lying six feet from me . My first instinct was to run in and grab them
“ I brought them out and put them in the recovery position . They were breathing and blinking . It seemed like a minute or 30 seconds later , the ambulance was there and then the paramedics . ”
Shelby and William Thurston : The charges in full On March 26 , 2016 , seven-year-old Summer Grant was playing on the Circus SuperDome inflatable in Harlow when it was swept away ‘ some distance ' . Following the incident , they suffered serious injuries and was rushed to Princess Alexandra Hospital . The young girl , from Norwich , died a few hours later . Two self-employed fairground employees , Shelby Thurston , 25 , and their husband William , 28 , are charged with manslaughter by gross negligence and breaches of the Health and Safety at Work Act . Here are the charges in full : Count 1 : Shelby Thurston and William Thurston are charged with manslaughter- unlawful killing of Summer Grant by gross negligence in a breach of your duty to take reasonable care to ensure the inflatable ( Circus SuperDome Inflatable ) was adequately anchored to the ground and to monitor the weather conditions and ensure they were suitable for the inflatable to be in use
Count 2 : Shelby Thurston is charged with failure to discharge a duty under section 3 of the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974 being a self employed person- you failed to ensure the safety of those not in your employment including Summer Grant
Count 3 : William Thurston is charged with failure to discharge a duty under section 3 of the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974 being a self employed person- you failed to ensure the safety of those not in your employment including Summer Grant
The couple both told police how they had planned to take down the inflatable dome after seeing the weather was due to get worse .
Shelby Thurston said they were letting Summer , from Norwich , play on the bouncy castle for a few more minutes .
As William Thurston had begun to deflate a larger inflatable slide , a “ freak ” gust of wind blew the dome , with the seven-year-old inside , away .
“ William said : ‘ Shall we take this one [ the Dome ] down too ? ' ” said Shelby Thurston . “ I said we should and it was better to be safe than sorry . I said : 'Get that one down [ the slide ] , and let this girl finish their last couple of minutes . '
“ There was no wind . That 's why I 'm so shocked . It just came out of nowhere , like a tornado type wind . It just came out of nowhere and carried it away .
“ Just a major gust of wind came out of nowhere and I tried to grab hold of it , just instinct I suppose . Obviously , it was not going to hold and it just slid away from me . It slid back towards the caravans . ”
The trial continues .
With a wave of films , television series and art show championing “ gender fluidity ” — and catwalks awash with “ gender neutral ” models and clothes — the old dividing line between the sexes is being increasingly called into question . But as the blurring of boundaries has gone from the margins to be a progressive cause , the political temperature of the debate has risen sharply .
Gender fluidity has become a hot-button issue in the culture wars between liberals and conservatives , often reduced to newspaper stories over “ which bathroom somebody chooses , ” said Johanna Burton , curator of the exhibition “ Trigger : gender as a tool and a weapon ” which has just opened at New York 's New Museum .
“ It is very much an exciting moment , but also a scary moment politically… Gender is in the forefront of people 's thoughts right now , ” they added .
“ I think people have considered the limits of the binary construction of gender for a very long time , but only recently has it made the newspapers every day . ”
No one has put gender issues out there more than Bruce Jenner , the former decathlete and erstwhile member of the Kardashian clan , whose transition to becoming Caitlyn in 2015 pushed the subject into the mainstream .
Time and National Geographic magazines have both devoted their covers to the transgender debate .
And later this month Conde Nast , the publishers of GQ , Vogue and Vanity Fair , will launch a new glossy magazine aimed at LBGTQ people ( lesbian , bisexual , gay , transgender and questioning ) .
Hollywood too has played a part . First , the Wachowski brothers , creators of “ The Matrix ” movie franchise , became the Wachowski sisters and then they cast transgender actor Jamie Clayton as a hacker in their hit Netflix series “ Sense8 ” .
One of the first places trans issues stepped out of the shadows was on stage . And next year 's Avignon festival in France , the world 's biggest theatre gathering , will be on the theme of “ gender , trans identity and transsexuality ” .
“ Gender does n't exist anymore , ” according to Guram Gvasalia , the business brain behind fashion 's ultra-hip label of the moment , Vetements , whose collections are all mixed .
“ Man or woman , we can choose what we want to be , ” insisted Gvasalia , whose brother Demna Gvasalia designs for both the label and Balenciaga , where they have carried on the relaxed attitude to gender .
On the catwalks of Paris , New York and Milan , brands now regularly show “ mixed ” collections and many market their clothes as “ gender fluid ” .
Philosopher Thierry Hoquet calls this the “ Conchita Wurst phenomenon ” , after the bearded Austrian drag queen who won the Eurovision Song Contest in 2014 .
“ Today some people mix masculine and feminine characteristics , and they do not need to be coherent , ” they said .
While the author of the book “ Sexus Nullus ” claimed these “ gender pirates ” are very rare , they believe they are also very influential .
But this new emerging reality is not to everyone 's taste . “ There is a political battle being waged right now on the territory of gender , ” said the American historian Joan W. Scott , a specialist in women 's history and gender studies .
“ The ‘ forces of order ' and ‘ anti-gender ' groups — the Vatican , religious fundamentalists , populists , nationalists , even some in the centre and on the left — have organised to stop the spread of the idea that gender is fluid or flexible and always mutable , ” they said .
US President Donald Trump was quick to realise it was a hot-button issue which could shore up their conservative base .
They banned transgender people from serving in the US Army in August and insisted on calling trans whistleblower Chelsea Manning a “ he ” .
In France , large protests against the legalisation of gay marriage in 2013 included slogans like “ Hands off our stereotypes ! ” They also spawned a movement to protect “ traditional family values ” and roles which later helped fuel a furore over false claims that a “ theory of gender ” was being taught in schools .
French sociologist Marie Duru-Bellat said that while trans issues have been embraced in the arts world , in society at large “ there has been a hardening of attitudes ” , and a reinforcing of the idea of an uncrossable divide between men and women .
They said some Catholic groups are holding “ masculinity support ” workshops and pointed to how gender stereotypes are still very strong among children .
“ There are a lot of people for whom equality is about men and women complementing each other , ” said the academic , who wrote “ La Tyrannie du Genre ” ( The Tyranny of Gender ) .
“ So for them , you can not touch traditional gender models . ”
In 2006 , a group of farmers gathered in York for a discussion about on-farm research projects for the coming year . They were looking at ways to reduce input costs without affecting yield . One question asked was ; “ What is the effect of seeding rates on soybean yields ? ” To look at the question , several farmers chose to try a project with four seeding rates ( 90K , 120K , 150K , and 180K seeds/acre ) in 30-inch row spacing .
Ten years later , the research continues with the same results : reducing soybean seeding rates from 180,000 or 150,000 seeds/acre to 120,000 seeds/acre does n't statistically reduce yields in 30-inch rows in silty clay loam and silt loam soils in south-central and southeastern Nebraska . Results of 16 studies showed for seeding rates of 180K , 150K , and 120K seeds per acre , average yields were 66.9 , 66.5 , and 66.2 bu/ac , respectively , which is not statistically different .
Surveys conducted via CropWatch ( website ) and at pesticide trainings found most Nebraska farmers planting an average 150,000 seeds/acre . Our recommendation , based on our research , is to consider reducing the soybean seeding rate to 120,000 seeds per acre and aiming for a final plant stand of 100,000 plants per acre .
Economically , if you dropped your seeding rate from 150,000 to 120,000 seeds per acre , you would save $ 10.69/acre ( Assuming a $ 60/bag seed cost at 140,000 seeds ) .
The same question , regarding the effect of reduced populations on soybean yields , exists today for farmers switching to narrow-row soybeans . In 2016 , two on-farm research studies were conducted in Richardson and Washington counties with 15-inch row soybeans .
Seeding rates of 90K , 120K , 150K , and 180K seeds/acre were planted in the Washington County field with non-significant yield differences of 76 , 77 , 77 , and 76 bu/ac respectively with the 90K rate resulting in the highest marginal net return . The farmer was able to achieve 91 % or greater of original planted stand .
Seeding rates of 116K , 130K , 160K , and 185K were planted in the Richardson County field . There were no statistical yield differences between 185K , 160K , and 130K seeding rates in this study with yields of 68 , 68 , and 67 bu/ac respectively . The 116K seeded rate resulted in a yield of 66 bu/ac . Heavy crusting affected final plant populations in the field , resulting in final stands of 87,667 , 99,417 , 113,667 , and 126,333 and for seeding rates of 116K , 130K , 160K , and 185K , respectively . The 116K seeding rate resulted in the highest marginal net return for this study .
Let 's be clear about the bottom line here – Nebraska research shows reducing the soybean seeding rate from 150,000 to 120,000 seeds/acre can result in a $ 10.69/acre savings without affecting yield .
For more information or assistance , please contact Allan Vyhnalek , Extension Educator , Nebraska Extension in Platte County . Phone : 402-563-4901 or e-mail avyhnalek2 @ unl.edu .
NEW YORK The U.S. economy is on track to expand at a 0.9 percent annualized pace in the first quarter following the release of data on consumer spending and income in February , the Atlanta Federal Reserve 's GDP Now forecast model showed on Friday .
The latest first-quarter gross domestic product estimate was slower than the 1.0 percent growth rate calculated on March 24 , the Atlanta Fed said on its website .
Earlier Friday , the Commerce Department said consumer spending , which accounts for more than two-thirds of U.S. economic activity , edged up 0.1 percent . That was the smallest increase since August and was weaker than a 0.2 percent rise in January .
The Atlanta Fed said its latest forecast on first-quarter real consumer spending growth fell to 0.8 percent from 1.4 percent .
On the other hand , the regional central bank 's latest estimate on the drag from the trade deficit to first-quarter GDP fell to 0.16 percentage point from 0.49 percentage point .
( Reporting by Richard Leong ; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama )
Harvey Weinstein wo n't testify before the New York grand jury that 's weighing whether to indict them on rape and other sex charges .
A statement issued through a spokesperson Wednesday says Weinstein 's lawyers decided there was n't enough time to prepare them to testify . They say they learned the specific charges and the accusers ' identities only after turning themselves on Friday , with a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon to testify or not .
They say their request for more time was denied .
Prosecutors have n't immediately commented .
Weinstein faces rape and criminal sex act charges involving two women in New York . Dozens more women have accused them of sexual misconduct ranging from harassment to assault in various locales .
The 66-year-old former movie mogul has consistently denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex .
A new study , led by the University of Bristol , has shed new light on the origin , timing and habitat in which the chloroplast first evolved .
The Earth 's biosphere is fuelled by photosynthesis . During this fundamental process algae and plants capture sunlight and transform carbon dioxide into carbohydrates , splitting water and releasing oxygen . Photosynthesis takes place in green specialised subunits within a cell known as chloroplasts .
Scientists have known that algae and land plants evolved after a more complex organism with a nucleus known knows as eukaryotes ; this ancient eukaryote swallowed a photosynthesising bacteria are commonly known as blue-green algae or cyanobacterium .
While , it is accepted that cyanobacteria , are the ancestors of the chloroplast , it is unclear which of the cyanobacteria are the closest related to the chloroplast , when this association first appeared in geological terms , and in which type of habitat this association first took place . This new study shows that the chloroplast lineage split from their closest cyanobacterial ancestor more than 2.1 billion years ago in low salinity environments .
It took another 200 million years for the chloroplast and the eukaryotic host to be intimately associated into a symbiotic relationship . This evolutionary study also revealed that marine algae groups diversified much later on at around 800 -- 750 million years ago .
The study 's lead author , Dr Patricia Sanchez-Baracaldo , a Royal Society Research Fellow at the University of Bristol 's School of Geographical Sciences , said : `` The results of this study imply that complex organisms such as algae first evolved in freshwater environments , and later colonised marine environments -- these results also have huge implications to understanding the carbon cycle .
`` Genomic data and sophisticated evolutionary methods can now be used to draw a more complete picture of early life on land ; complementing what has been previously inferred from the fossil record . ''
Professor Davide Pisani from the Schools of Biological and Earth Sciences said : `` Our planet is a beautiful place and it exists in such a sharp contrast with the rest of the solar system . Think about those beautiful satellite pictures where you see the green of the forests and the blue/green tone of the water .
`` Well , Earth was not like that before photosynthesis . Before photosynthesis it was an alien place , inhabitable by humans . Here we made some big steps to clarify how Earth become the planet we know today , and I think that that is just wonderful . ''
# # #
'Tama po 'iyon nagiging wasteful tayo dun because mabagal din ang kilos namin , so meron din kaming kasalanan dun , ' says Senate President Aquilino Pimentel III
Published 6:52 PM , August 14 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines – Senate President Aquilino Pimentel III said the government has no option but to waste money after Congress ' late action on proposals to postpone the 2017 barangay and Sangguniang Kabataang elections to next year .
The Commission on Elections earlier asked Congress to pass the measure mid-August before they start printing ballots worth P1 billion , according to Comelec spokesperson James Jimenez . ( READ : Are we postponing barangay and SK elections or not ? P500M is at stake )
But Pimentel said the Senate would finish the bill by September or a month before the October 2017 local elections . A counterpart bill in the House of Representatives is already pending on second reading .
Asked about it , Pimentel said nothing could be done to avoid the waste of government funds . They admitted Congress was at fault for acting late on the measures .
“ Wala tayong magagawa . ( We ca n't do anything about it . ) Comelec must not assume that there is going to be changes in the law . They should act according to what is the law today . Tama po 'yon nagiging wasteful tayo dun because mabagal din ang kilos namin , so meron din kaming kasalanan dun ( That 's right , we are being wasteful because we were slow in acting on it . So we are also at fault here ) , ” Pimentel told reporters on Monday , August 14 .
It was President Rodrigo Duterte who called for the delay of the local polls anew and instead appoint officers-in-charge – a move earlier opposed by legislators . This , the President said , would stop narco-politicians from staying in power . ( READ : Senators to block law allowing Duterte to delay polls , appoint OICs )
As a compromise , Pimentel said they would now push for a measure that would delay the elections to 2018 with current barangay officials remaining as holdovers .
“ I do n't forsee that to be controversial , nagawa na namin un e , ” Pimentel said .
On top of this , Pimentel said they would include a provision that would require Malacañang to file charges against barangay officials in the drug list .
“ Kung ipopostpone din naman natin with holdover para less controversy , hihingi kami ng corresponding action sa executive branch to act on their list , which they are using , ” they said . ( Since we 're postponing it with holdovers , to lessen the controversy , we will ask a corresponding action from the executive branch to act on their list , which they are using . )
On August 9 , Comelec already started printing official ballots for the October 23 , 2017 barangay and Sangguniang Kabataan ( SK or youth council ) elections .
A total of 77 million ballots will be printed – 56 million for the barangay polls and nearly 21 million ballots for SK voters . – Rappler.com
Attention all Bay Area Power Line readers : As Ed Sullivan used to say , this week I 've got “ a really big show ” for you . This Wednesday and Thursday I am executing an Inchon landing behind the lines , with a two-day program starting with a late afternoon ( 5 pm ) lecture on “ The Metaphysics of Free Speech ” from Harvey Mansfield , Harvard 's most well-known conservative . ( Click the link to get location and RSVP information . )
Then on Thursday afternoon starting at 1 pm , I 'm hosting two panels about current free speech controversies and the problem of intellectual diversity ( or lack thereof ) on campus today . Here are the descriptions and personnel appearing on the panels :
Panel 1 ( 1 – 2:50 pm ) : The Blurred Lines Over Free Speech , Hate Speech , and Academic Freedom
In recent years college campuses have been at a boil not seen since the 1960s , over issues of identity , safety and security , and the acceptable limits of provocative speech acts . Administrators here and elsewhere are struggling to find a stable policy that honors the traditions of academic freedom as well as the laws protecting free speech . This panel will deliberate about several flash points , including Title IX , hate speech , and the limits of campus expression .
Panelists :
Larry Alexander , University of San Diego School of Law
, University of San Diego School of Law Shep Melnick , Boston College
, Boston College Lindsay Shepherd , Laurier University
, Laurier University George Thomas , Claremont McKenna College
Larry Alexander , you may recall , is the co-author along with Penn 's Amy Wax of an op-ed article about bourgeois values in the 1950s that sent the left into a bender , and Lindsay Shepherd is the young Canadian graduate student who had to submit to a Maoist re-education session for the thoughtcrime of showing a five-minute video of Jordan Peterson in one of their classes . Shep Melnick has a new book coming out about Title IX , and George Thomas will present findings of a recent survey of student attitudes about free speech issues .
Panel 2 ( 3:10 – 5:00 pm ) : Is Intellectual Diversity Essential to Academic Excellence ?
Does the current understanding of “ diversity ” actually generate narrow conformity ? The number of conservative academics in the social sciences and humanities has been in steep decline over the last 25 years , and some research suggests the trend of increasing homogeneity may be contributing to campus polarization and ideological isolation .
Panelists :
Joshua Dunn , University of Colorado at Colorado Springs
, University of Colorado at Colorado Springs April Kelly-Woessner , Elizabethtown College
, Elizabethtown College Steve Teles , Johns Hopkins University
All of these events are free and open to the public , and are being held in the Banatao Auditorium in the Sutardja Dai Hall on the north side of campus off Hearst Street . The weather forecast is ugly for Wednesday and Thursday unfortunately , but it would be great to have some Power Liners there to assist in the invasion . I 'm thinking it 's the start of a new free speech movement .
0:37 Obama lights National Christmas Tree for final time Pause
5:48 Dave Barry 's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
1:32 Dallas Police warn against celebrating with gunfire
2:51 DACA holder voices their fears with a Trump administration
1:19 Ezekiel Elliott focused on wins , not records
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this
1:12 Man 's best friend also becomes man 's best colleague
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America 's Team ?
Lubna Ziauddin
Staff Writer
If there 's one accomplishment I wish I could put on my resume , it would be my ability to binge on Netflix . Binging takes a lot of determination , patience , and stamina and once you start a binge , you can never go back . With as much experience as I have , here are my top 5 best binge-worthy shows on Netflix .
# 5- Gossip Girl
If there 's one show probably every girl has watched , it 's Gossip Girl . The dramatic lives of Serena , Blair , Nate , Chuck , ( and let 's not forget ) Dan , have us wishing we were living on the upper east side , and Ivy bound like New York 's social elite . Every Thanksgiving episode will have you shook , as well as every messy love triangle . By the end of this binge , you 'll be ending all your posts with , xoxo- gossip girl .
# 4- Gilmore Girls
Gilmore Girls will also have you feeling happy . Following the lives of not only a single mother and their daughter , but along with everyone else in the small town of Stars Hollow , you develop almost this sort of bond with the characters . From watching Rory start Chilton all the way to their graduating from college it really is the perfect show about love , friendship , and family .
# 3- House
As someone who just could n't deal with Grey 's Anatomy , House was one of my favorite hospital shows . I felt the need to binge not because of the drama between the characters , but rather the cases . Each medical mystery which seemed so complicated at first ended up having the simplest of solutions and as each episode went on I felt that I had enough knowledge to wear the white coat myself and solve these cases along with the rest of the team .
# 2- White Collar
While this show seems boring and almost predictable at first , you 'll fall in love with Neil Caffrey . Their charm will captivate you to never want to stop watching , and always impressed with just how clever they really are . It 's different to see a criminal working on the other side…or is he ?
# 1-Friends
Hands down probably THE best show to ever binge is Friends . What makes Friends such a great show is that you could start from any episode and you would n't feel lost . While many are bothered by the lack of plot buildup in the show , I always felt that it was the best part . Every episode seemed to be just another day in the life of Ross , Joey , Rachel , Monica , Chandler , and Phoebe . It 's so ordinary yet so satisfy to keep watching . The more you binge the more involved you feel in these characters ' lives and you just want to never stop . Trust me , the series finale really did have me saying , “ now what do I do with my life ? ”
Bloom Energy Server selected by Korea South-East Power for Bundang power plant
Bloom Energy announced the selection of its 8,350kW ( 8.35MW ) Bloom Energy Server , an innovative and clean electricity generation system , by South Korea 's Korea South-East Power Corporation .
The selection follows an open bid for the Bundang combined thermal power plant , in which Bloom Energy Japan jointly participated with SK Engineering & Construction .
The Bloom Energy Server is a breakthrough solid oxide fuel cell technology that generates clean electricity at over 60 % efficiency during initial performance . Bloom Energy Servers have been installed in many locations that require uninterrupted power supply such as data centers , manufacturing operations , communications , and facilities with high energy loads , including refrigeration and critical services in the United States .
For the Bundang Power Plant project , the capacity of the Bloom Energy Server will be 8.350kW and all the produced electricity will be sold to households and enterprises by KOEN .
In South Korea , all power companies with more than 500MW of generation capacity are obligated to produce a certain percentage of electricity by renewable and new energy sources , including fuel cells , under the Renewable Portfolio Standard ( RPS ) system . KOEN is installing Bloom Energy Servers to meet their RPS target .
The Bundang Power Plant project will be the very first installation case of industrial and commercial solid oxide fuel cell ( SOFC ) in South Korea and the system will be utilizing natural gas from existing infrastructure .
Source : Company Press Release
By
A new family entertainment complex featuring an indoor trampoline park is coming to Eastern Kentucky . A group of four partners from Bell and Knox counties will be opening Air Raid Trampoline Park early next year in London near Exit 41 off of Interstate 75 . Those involved include Jeff Bowling , Jerry Shoffner , Tim Bargo and Mike Taylor . All four are parents . In addition to the trampoline park , the planned 30,000 square foot facility will have climbing walls , dodgeball courts , a basketball court and a Ninja Warrior obstacle course as well as toddler areas , party rooms for birthdays and special events and a food court . There will be an arcade area and a second level viewing area for parents with free high speed Internet . In addition to providing entertainment , Air Raid Trampoline Park will have approximately 50 job positions to fill . There will be a few full-time positions will many more part-time opportunities for young people in the area .
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today !
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
“ We wanted to bring this Park to London because we recognized that we had to travel several hours for this type of entertainment for our own children , ” Taylor said . “ Finding new locations and fun atmospheres for birthday parties in our area is a challenge , we want to provide the best location for parties and special events that can be found in all of Eastern Kentucky . ”
“ We want to give this area the things they 've got in bigger cities like Knoxville and Lexington . We do n't have any trampoline parks in this area , so it 's something to do and it 's good exercise for the kids , ” Bowling said . “ It 's going to be top notch when we get done with it . We 're building the building from scratch and designing everything around it , it 's going to be pretty slick . ”
Taylor added that the facility will have some of the latest and most up to date equipment of any trampoline park in the country .
“ We will have a trampoline park that will be as nice and fun for all ages as you will find anywhere . We will have something for everyone from toddlers to adults , ” they said .
Groundbreaking at the site will take place in a few weeks and plans are for the park to open in early 2018 . The park will be located within walking distance of many restaurants and new hotels and will be convenient with several major roadways , including I-75 .
“ We look forward to working with all the schools , churches , and special groups to provide great fun in a clean exciting environment , ” Taylor said . “ We are very excited about London and its continuing efforts to grow as a city and bring new opportunities to Eastern Kentucky . The leadership in London has been very helpful in our efforts up to this point . ”
WEST LAFAYETTE , Ind . ( AP ) — Carsen Edwards helped Matt Painter reach a coaching milestone .
The sophomore guard scored a career-high 27 points and No . 21 Purdue beat IUPUI 86-61 on Sunday night for Painter 's 300th victory .
“ When you ca n't make a jumper , just go to the basket , ” Edwards said . “ That 's what I was trying to do because I could n't get a jumper to fall so I thought if I 'd attack the basket , I 'd get fouled and make some lay-ups , so I just tried to keep attacking . ”
Isaac Haas added 14 points and six rebounds , and Vincent Edwards had 12 points and 12 rebounds to help the Boilermakers ( 10-2 ) win their sixth straight game .
Maurice Kirby had 16 points for IUPUI ( 2-6 ) , and Jaylen Minnett added 12 points . The Jaguars who have lost four straight .
Purdue closed out the first half on a 6-0 spurt , capped by P.J . Thompson 's 3-pointer just before the buzzer that made it 40-31 . The Boilermakers opened the second with a 14-0 run , including seven straight points by Carsen Edwards .
Haas ' layup with 16:31 to play put Purdue ahead 54-31 — before IUPUI finally scored again on a lay-up by Kirby .
The Jaguars got off to a good start , though , and took an early lead . Nick Rogers made a 3-pointer and D.J . McCall scored a lay-up — both off Purdue turnovers — and by halftime , IUPUI had 13 points off eight turnovers .
“ Tonight we made a couple poor decisions to start the game and it kind of set the tone for them , ” Painter said . “ They made a couple nice plays . ”
CLINE FROM BEHIND THE LINE
Ryan Cline is starting to get in a little bit of a rhythm . After a slow start to the season , the junior guard is a combined 10-of-16 from the field and 8-of-12 from 3-point range . They finished with nine points on 3-of-5 shooting , all from 3-point range , with two big 3s coming late in the first half when the Boilermakers pulled away .
‘ TIS THE SEASON FOR WINNING
The Boilermakers have won 13 straight games in the month of December . The last loss in December came against Butler in the annual Crossroads Classic on Dec. 19 , 2015 .
BIG PICTURE
IUPUI : They 're 0-3 in the short series with Purdue . Against Big Ten opponents , the Jaguars ' last win came against Northwestern , 56-53 on Nov. 27 , 2002 .
Purdue : After Thursday 's win over Valparaiso , IUPUI was the second of a three-game stretch against in-state opponents . The Boilermakers have won five straight against teams from Indiana and has n't lost to an in-state team since Feb. 20 , 2016 .
UP NEXT
IUPUI is off this week before heading to Washington State on Saturday for the second game three straight games on the road .
Purdue is off this week until a matchup with Butler in the Crossroads Classic at Bankers Life Fieldhouse in Indianapolis .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Before Jahlil Okafor reached the NBA , they lived life as something of a golden child , ranking as the No . 1 high school recruit in the nation , then earning player of the year honors while leading Duke to the NCAA championship as a first-year student and then making the NBA all-rookie team after the 76ers drafted them No . 3 overall in 2015 .
But after suffering a right knee injury on Feb. 28 , 2016 that required arthroscopic surgery , Okafor 's star fell precipitously . The 6-11 center struggled with knee pain that limited them to 50 games last season , and they fell out of favor with 76ers coach Brett Brown , who used them in two games for a total of 25 minutes this season . Their request for a trade was granted Thursday when the Nets acquired him .
“ It was very exciting for me and my entire family , ” Okafor said on Monday at their introductory news conference . “ I feel like I was dreaming . It finally happened , and I 'm in a great city . ”
Describing this season with the 76ers , Okafor added , “ It was just tough . I was a part of the team , but I was n't at the same time . I was working on being traded , so I 'm happy to be here and have a new page in life . ”
Okafor was accompanied by shooting guard Nik Stauskas , who had a similar experience with the 76ers , suffering an ankle injury , falling out of the rotation and playing in only six games . “ I 'm just happy with the new change of scenery , ” Stauskas said . “ I get a chance to kind of press the reset button . ”
The Nets were off on Sunday after returning from their trip to Mexico , but Okafor and Stauskas visited the training facility and were surprised to find coach Kenny Atkinson taking a hands-on approach during their workout . “ To see the head coach out there working with me , helping me shoot , running with me , guarding me a few times , it was different , ” said Okafor , who has lost 20 pounds on a vegan diet and says their knee is pain-free . “ I enjoyed it . ”
Stauskas had a similar reaction . “ I love coach Brown , but it was definitely a different vibe in Philly . For Kenny to spend an hour on the court taking us through drills , it was eye-opening because that 's not something we were used to in Philly . ”
Okafor arrives packing considerable baggage . As a rookie , they famously are caught on camera in a fight outside a nightclub and they were pulled over for driving at 108 miles per hour on the Ben Franklin Bridge .
Subscribe to Sports Now newsletter By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
Asked what they might change to improve their chance for success , Okafor said , “ I would n't change anything I did in Philly . Everything happens for a reason , and I 'm happy with everything I experienced — the highs and the lows . I learned a ton from being there , and I 'm going to try [ using it ] to help me be successful here . ”
No longer the golden child , Okafor is a talented 21-year-old eager to embrace their second chance . “ I have a chip on my shoulder , ” Okafor said . “ This is the first time where people are against me , in a sense , because I 've always been the hyped-up guy . It 's something new for me , so I 'm glad that I am experiencing it . ”
It 's uncertain whether either will play when the Nets face Washington Tuesday night at Barclays Center , but Okafor said , “ I 'm definitely ready , and I 'm tired of sitting . ”
The Port of Long Beach is one of the biggest ports in the country . It and its neighbor , the Port of Los Angeles , handle 390 billion dollars worth of goods every year .
And business has boomed as the economy has improved . U.S. consumers bought more stuff ; ships started getting bigger to meet demand ; the Port of Long Beach invested billions .
Seventy percent of the ships that dock at the port come from China . So talk of a trade war has everybody 's attention down on the docks .
Music by Drop Electric . Find us : Twitter/ Facebook .
Subscribe to our show on Apple Podcasts , PocketCasts and NPR One .
MOGADISHU , Somalia ( AP ) — A Somali police officer says a suicide bomber detonated an explosives-laden vehicle at a security checkpoint near Mogadishu 's international airport , killing at least three people .
Capt . Mohamed Hussein says the bomb detonated Monday as security forces were searching cars at the checkpoint , a few hundred meters ( yards ) from the main base of the African Union peacekeeping mission .
The checkpoint is close to United Nations offices and the Peace Hotel , which is often frequented by foreigners and officials . The powerful blast blew roofs off nearby buildings .
A second blast and heavy gunfire could be heard at the checkpoint after the attack , but there were no immediate details .
The al-Qaida-linked Islamic extremist group al-Shabab , which often carries out such attacks , quickly claimed responsibility for Monday 's attack through its radio arm , Andalus .
Despite being ousted from most of its key strongholds across large parts of south and central Somalia , the homegrown group continues to wage deadly attacks across the country .
Somalia 's capital has seen frequent bomb attacks at hotels and military checkpoints . In July , two al-Shabab suicide bombers detonated explosives-laden cars outside the office of the U.N. 's mine-clearing agency and an army checkpoint near the African Union 's main base , killing 13 .
The assaults have threatened this Horn of Africa nation 's attempts to rebuild from decades of chaos . The country 's presidential election , a key step toward recovery , already has been delayed multiple times because of security and other concerns .
There should be zero tolerance for pot use by drivers or their passengers , a new report by the Canadian Mental Health Association Ontario branch recommends .
The report , Cannabis Legalization and Regulation , also says that all marijuana revenue should go to fund mental health and addiction services , and that the minimum age to purchase the product should be 19 years old .
“ The risk is that legalization of cannabis may lead to an increase in use among Ontarians , ” Camille Quenneville , CEO of CMHA Ontario , said in a statement Monday . “ When taken together , our recommendations can minimize the harms associated with cannabis use and support a public health approach to this issue . ”
As the Justin Trudeau government gets set to legalize pot by July 2018 , CMHA Ontario prepared a report for the provincial government with recommendations on how to go forward .
The report says marijuana legalization should be viewed through a public health lens .
CMHA Ontario anticipates an increased need for mental health and addiction support services with legal pot , especially for youth and heavy consumers “ ranging from brief interventions for at-risk users to more intensive interventions , ” as well as extensive public education campaigns .
The “ most concerning ” issue is driving high , with data already showing that an estimated 10.4 million vehicle trips a year involve a motorist that had used marijuana , the report says .
Testing for drug-impaired driving may not accurately reflect the level of impairment , it says .
“ Because the technology to detect an individual 's level of impairment due to cannabis is still in development at this time , CMHA Ontario recommends a zero-tolerance policy for cannabis consumption in any motorized vehicle in order to ensure road safety during this time of transition , ” the report says . “ A zero-tolerance policy would include both the driver of the motorized vehicle , and any passengers in the car . It is important that a clear message be sent to the public as soon as possible regarding zero tolerance for impaired driving due to cannabis use . ”
While the Canadian Medical Association , which represents the nation 's doctors , called for a minimum legal pot-buying age of 21 , CMHA Ontario suggested the lower age of 19 .
“ Frequent cannabis use can harm a developing brain and there is no evidence that supports a specific age when cannabis use is safe for young people , ” the report says . “ However , there are concerns that a higher minimum age may contribute to young people accessing cannabis from illegal sources . Establishing a higher minimum age standard will be less effective in undermining the black market , and may leave youth both criminalized and reliant on it . ”
aartuso @ postmedia.com
By : Will Burchfield
@ burchie_kid
Ford Field was rocking on Sunday night , with over 66,000 fans crammed into the stadium to watch the Lions take on the Packers . The noise appeared to make things difficult at times for Green Bay 's offense , evidenced by four false start penalties .
But the Packers suggested otherwise .
“ I think the defense was crossing the line of scrimmage , which made us move , ” said left tackle David Bakhtiari .
“ Some of us think they crossed the line of scrimmage on certain plays and that would trigger us to jump , ” they added . “ Not to discredit the crowd noise , it was extremely loud throughout most of the game . ”
Right guard TJ Lang agreed .
“ Honestly a couple of the false starts , we thought the defense had jumped across the line and we moved , reacted . Just close calls on that , ” Lang said . “ It is what it is . ”
The Packers were hit with two false start penalties in the first half and two in the second . Two of the infractions were called on right tackle Bryan Bulaga , while left guard Lane Taylor and Bakhtiari were each flagged twice .
Often times , Green Bay 's offensive linemen ended up pointing at their counterparts in blue , as if to say it was the Lions who were guilty . Detroit 's defense was not called for offsides a single time .
“ I think on two of 'em we felt like they jumped . It was just too close to call , they ended up calling it on us , ” Lang said . “ Just trying to get a free play there on hard counts . Couple of them we had miscommunications , guys thinking it was a different count than what it was .
“ I mean , it was definitely loud . I 've played eight games here now and that 's the loudest I 've ever heard this stadium . So it was a good mix of that and a couple miscommunications . ”
Asked if any Lions ' linemen in particular were jumping the snap , Bakhtiari said , “ I think it was across the board , to be honest . ”
The Packers prepared for the Ford Field crowd all week by blasting music during practice and walk-throughs . Part of their game plan was to try to eliminate , or at least subdue , the hometown fans .
“ I think the biggest thing was we wanted to get out to a fast start , go down and score early , kind of get the crowd out of it , ” Lang said . “ I think our first three drives we kind of stalled out , did n't score any points and they just kind of feed off that so it was definitely loud after that .
“ But I think in the second half when we came out first series , scored in the third quarter , kept driving the ball , moving the ball well , I think you could hear it kind of quiet down . We had a little bit of momentum , it usually takes the fans out of the game . ”
The Packers outscored the Lions 21-10 in the second half , 21-3 excluding a garbage-time touchdown . By the end of the game , it was the visiting fans who were making the most noise , with chants of “ Go-Pack-Go ! ” ringing across the stadium .
As loud as the Lions ' fans were early on , Lang said the noise did n't quite measure up to other places he 's played .
“ I do n't think it was as consistently loud as some other stadiums . Seattle kind of sticks out , Minnesota was a loud one earlier this year , opening night at their new stadium .
“ But yeah , their fans showed up…It was difficult . They definitely made it really tough on us as far as our adjustments and communication at the line . ”
The announced crowd of 66,345 was about 1,500 shy of the Ford Field record . That was set in 2011 , when 67,861 fans watched the Lions take down the Bears on Monday Night Football .
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) — Cam Gallagher hit a grand slam for their first career home run and second big league hit , leading the Kansas City Royals past the Oakland Athletics 6-2 on Monday night .
Gallagher 's shot into the left-field seats in the sixth inning marked the first grand slam by a Royals rookie since Paulo Orlando connected in the first game of a doubleheader against Tampa Bay on July 7 , 2015 .
Jake Junis ( 5-2 ) , recalled for their seventh stint with Kansas City this season , allowed two runs and four hits in six innings with two strikeouts and no walks .
The Royals moved into a second-place tie with the idle Twins , five games back of AL Central-leading Cleveland .
Alcides Escobar singled to load the bases in the sixth , and is 10 for 21 since an 0-for-21 stretch .
Royals center fielder Lorenzo Cain robbed Boog Powell of a likely extra-base hit in the third with a great catch crashing into the wall .
Whit Merrifield hit an infield single to begin the game against A 's starter Jharel Cotton ( 5-10 ) and then stole their 20th base .
Cotton came off the disabled list July 30 from a right thumb blister and has an 8.71 ERA in four starts since . Their winless stretch reached five starts and they are 0-3 since a victory at the White Sox on June 23 .
The right-hander was tagged for six runs and eight hits in six innings . They dropped to 1-7 in nine night starts and 2-6 in 10 home outings .
BIG CHECK
Gallagher 's grand slam earned Tim Brown of Shawnee , Kansas , $ 25,000 as part of the “ Sonic Slam ” inning promotion .
SMALL CROWD
Oakland drew just 9,848 fans to the Coliseum for its second-smallest crowd of the season behind a July 17 game against Tampa Bay that attracted 9,736 .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Royals : C Salvador Perez , on the disabled list since Aug. 5 with a strained muscle on the right side of their ribcage , caught a bullpen and also hit off a tee for 10-15 swings at what they estimated was 30 to 40 percent effort and had no pain . “ I feel pretty good , ” Perez said about their first tee session . “ The worst part of this thing is hitting. ” Perez wo n't predict a timetable for their return , saying : “ I do n't want to get hurt again . If I get hurt again I think I 'm done for the season . I have to be smart . ”
Athletics : C Josh Phegley is scheduled to travel Tuesday and play Wednesday for Triple-A Nashville at Tacoma in a rehab game as they return from a strained left oblique that landed them on the disabled list July 25 . … RHP Bobby Wahl underwent thoracic outlet surgery to alleviate shoulder problems . The procedure was done in Dallas , and Wahl is scheduled to return to Oakland on Thursday and begin rehabbing .
UP NEXT
Royals : RHP Jason Hammel ( 5-9 , 4.68 ERA ) , who spent the second half of the 2014 season with Oakland , has allowed three or fewer runs in seven straight starts with just one win to show for it . They have a two-start winless stretch and just one victory in their last six outings .
Athletics : RHP Chris Smith ( 0-2 , 5.29 ) makes their seventh appearance and sixth career start still searching for their first victory since one win with Boston in 2008 .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
You guys , I did n't think we could do it either . I did n't think we could make a vegan mozzarella that stretches , browns , and melts just like real mozzarella without the use of cashews , but I 'm here to report that we 've done just that . Please hold your applause for the end , thank you .
If you 've tasted a few vegan mozzarellas , you 've likely come across Miyoko 's Vegan Mozzarella , which is the best freaking mozzarella on the market . The only problem for some is that it contains cashews & for those eating a lectin-free diet , cashews are one of the things that are to be avoided . Unfortunately , they 're also used in almost every vegan cheese recipe .
I tried subsisting blanched almonds for cashews , but they do n't become as creamy – oh well , that experiment landed us with Vegan Ricotta Cheese , which is pretty fire too . But I still had to find a substitute if I wanted to nail the texture of a good vegan mozzarella , so I went to my thought dungeon and started thinking . Before long I thought : “ why not use coconut butter ? ” Like cashews , coconut butter is light in color , relatively light in flavor , and costs similarly to cashews ( thankfully not as expensive as Macadamia nuts or something like that ) .
Anyhow , I plugged the coconut butter in the place of cashews in Miyoko 's vegan mozzarella recipe , which can be found here , along with a few other substitutions & alterations , and eureka ! Not only had we achieved a nut-free vegan mozzarella , we achieved an overall damn good cheese .
Move out the way cashews , we 've got a vegan cheese that anyone can eat .
This mozzarella :
Is quick & easy to make ( for a cheese at least )
Stretches
Browns
Is salty & subtly tangy
Is soft
Melts
Hope you all enjoy this recipe ! We made this one for Bianca , who sent an email to us about a month ago requesting a thick , vegan mozzarella and an all American style cheese pizza ( I 'm sure you can guess what 's next ) . If you have a recipe you 'd like us to recreate to fit your current diet , let us know via this page ; we 're always creating the recommendations our followers recommend us !
If you like what your taste buds are tellin ' ya , leave behind a nice rating , share your thoughts with us in the comments , or show us your creations by tagging @ noeggsorham on Instagram .
Go Forth & Be Cheesy ,
Ryan
Nut-Free Vegan Mozzarella ( lectin-free & gluten-free ) Salty & lightly tangy mozzarella that stretches , browns , and melts . Ingredients 1/2 c coconut butter *
* 1/2 c full-fat coconut milk
2 tbsp water
3/4 tsp salt
1 probiotic capsule *
1/2 c water
1 tbsp agar-agar *
1 tbsp tapioca starch Directions In a mini food processor or personal-sized blender , blend together coconut butter , coconut milk , 2 tbsp water , and salt until creamy . Transfer to a clean mason jar . Stir in the powder from one probiotic capsule until no clumps remain . Then cover top of jar with a sheet of paper towel or cheesecloth and place on the outer rim of the mason jar lid . Allow to ferment at room temperature until lightly tangy , 4-6 hours . Once coconut mixture is tangy , combine 1/2 c water , agar agar , and tapioca starch together in a small pot . Bring to a boil – whisking constantly – over medium heat . Once the mixture bubbles and becomes extremely thick and stretchy , turn the heat down to low and cook for 2 more minutes , stirring constantly with a wooden spoon ( the wooden spoon will clump up at this point ) . Add coconut mixture into pot with agar agar mixture and stir until completely smooth . Fill a large mixing bowl full of heavily iced water . Fill up a 1/3 cup measuring tool with mixture from the pot and drop it into the ice water . Repeat for rest of mixture ; should create about 3 balls . Allow to chill in ice water for 15 minutes then remove using your hands and form it into a ball shape . Repeat for other balls . Cover each individual ball with plastic wrap or keep 'em in an airtight container for at least an hour before using . Keep in the fridge for up to a week . Note : If you 'd like to grate the cheese , place in in the freezer for 20 minutes before grating it . * Recipe adapted from Miyoko 's vegan mozzarella recipe ; thank you for making the most ingenious vegan cheeses ever Miyoko ! * To ensure coconut butter is loose , place your jar in a bowl of hot tap water for 10-15 minutes , changing out the water with freshly hot water as needed . * For your probiotic capsule , you do n't need anything fancy , just a vegetarian strand of probiotics inside a capsule . No superfoods or anything else required . * Agar-agar may sound freaky , but it 's actually a form of Red algae extract that 's acquired via boiling the algae . Agar-agar is essentially a 1:1 vegetarian gelatin replacement .
Advertisements
Photo : Stephane Mignon/Flickr
The French are once again voting for their favourite village in the country and the short-list has been released . Here are the 13 that really merit a visit this summer .
Viewers of the programme `` Village préféré des Français '' are once again being asked to decide which is their favourite village in France .
But instead if choosing one , we think you 'd better off visiting all 13 , although they are spread far and wide so it might take you a while , but they are well worth the detour .
Here 's the list :
La Roque-Gageac
Nestled at the foot of a cliff , the picturesque village of La Roque-Gageac in the Nouvelle-Acquitaine region of southwestern France commands spectacular views of the Dordogne river .
Photo : Stephane Mignon/Flickr
Lagrasse
This medieval village in the Aude department of southern France is renowned for its beautiful centre , as well as a stunning abbey . Surrounded by hills , it 's the perfect picture postcard French village .
Photo : Mike Prince Flickr
Kaysersberg
Despite being small , a walk around the village of Kaysersberg in Alsace , north east of France offers an impressive collection of architectural styles . The main sites include the Church of Sainte Croix dating back to 1230 , the Oberhof Chapel from 1391 and the Chapel of Saint-Alexis from the 16th century .
Photo : Allan Harris/Flickr
Beze
The historical village of Beze in the Côte d'Or department of eastern France has a rich history that includes being chosen as a location for a monastery by a duke as early as the year 630 .
Photo : Village website
Gargilesse-Dampierre
Undoubtedly one of France 's most beautiful villages , Gargilesse-Dampierre in the Indre department of central France is known for attracting artists and writers , including literary legend George Sand , with its unique charms .
Photo : Daniel Jolivet/Flickr
La Garde-Adhémar
The pretty village of La Garde-Adhémar in the Drome department in southeastern France owes its aesthetic appeal in part to the white stone used to build it . Add to this its spectacular views over the Rhone valley and you have a perfect French village .
Photo : Daniel Culsan/WikiCommons
Piriac-sur-Mer
This stunning village is located on the peninsular of Guerande in the Pays de la Loire department of western France . The website France Voyage says Piriac is “ a very charming fishing port that has won over such famous French writers as Flaubert and Zola . The beautiful granite houses lining the port add to its authenticity . ”
Saint-Valery-sur-Somme
The medieval village of Saint-Valery-sur-Somme that stands on a limestone promontory on the mouth of the River Somme in northern France , is already a member of the “ Most Beautiful Detours in France ” network . Visitors will fall for the ancient cobbled streets lined with flowers and be impressed by the remains of the medieval ramparts and towers around the village .
Sant'Antonino
This village , is one of the oldest on the island of Corsica , with history dating back to the 9th century . It stands at 500m above sea level just north east of the port town of Calvi and is billed as the “ most beautiful village in northern Corsica ” . “ Because of its dramatic situation clinging around the top of a hill the village is sometimes referred to as the 'Eagles Nest ' , ” says the site Corsica Travel Guide .
Moncontour
( Photo : Mifinn )
The historic Moncontour , near the town of Saint-Brieuc in northern Brittanyis perfectly picturesque andcrowned by its highly decorative church . It 's surrounded by impressive ramparts dating back to the 13th and 14th centuries .
Montchauvet
The village of Montchauvet to the west of Paris is still home to its medieval bridge , fortified gate , and a historic church . A British bomber was shot down here during World War Two , the crew are buried in the village cemetery .
Loumarin
Loumarin is a peaceful village nestled in the middle of vineyards , olive groves and almond trees in the Luberon part of Provence , southern France . It is home to a stunning belfry , a Roman church and a Renaissance château . It 's also famous for its market .
Belleme
Bordering one of the country 's most beautiful forests , the medieval village of Belleme in the Orne department in northwestern France is ideally placed . While at its centre , you can explore its prettily coloured historic buildings .
Photo : Tourisme Pays Bellemois/Wikicommons
There was never any doubt in the minds of hit-machine , filmmaker Rohit Shetty and Bollywood superstar Ajay Devgn that they would arrive with their laugh-a-riot Golmaal Again on Diwali 2017 .
It so happens that Golmaal , now in its fourth part is one of Bollywood 's most successful franchises and has a huge demand with audience across segments , especially children . Naturally , Rohit has been inundated with messages from the distribution and exhibition circles on whether the film was keeping its date with the festival of lights again .
Golmaal gang – Ajay Devgn , Arshad Warsi , Tusshar Kapoor , Shreyas Talpade and Kunal Kemmu has been now joined by Parineeti Chopra , Tabu , Neil Nitin Mukesh . A trade source said , “ Part 2 and 3 , i.e . Golmaal Returns and Golmaal 3 were both Diwali releases and they rocked the box-office . This film is ideal for Diwali and a family audience . And when Rohit mounted the film on the floors this March , they knew they were going to keep their date with Diwali . ''
Of course , there has been constant speculation on whether it made sense for Golmaal Again to clash with the Rajinikanth-Akshay Kumar starrer Enthiran ( Tamil ) that is also being simultaneously released in Hindi as 2.0 . And off-late it also seemed like the box-office window was becoming over-crowded because Aamir Khan has decided to push their next home-production Secret Superstar to October .
However , the people , who are associated with Golmaal , always knew that their original date of release would be Diwali . They were the first to announce that they were coming and in their minds , they never did doubt whether they would stake their claim to the festival weekend or not .
Shibasish Sarkar , Chief Operating Officer of Reliance Entertainment , the studio which is jointly producing the film with Rohit Shetty , stated that , “ Golmaal Again , one of the most successful franchises of Indian film industry has created huge curiosity and demand among the exhibitors and distributors of the country . On their demand , we decided for a wide scale release in the Diwali weekend of 2017 , which will be apt for families and children in the festival period . ”
Pati Mestas was a firecracker . Candice Bowers a tough-minded mom . Hannah Ahlers their family 's sunshine .
The victims of Sunday 's mass shooting at a Las Vegas concert lived their lives with passion and a love of country music .
Some families took comfort knowing the victims spent their last hours dancing to their favorite songs . Others grappled with harrowing thoughts about the night of terror .
Here are stories about some of the people who did n't make it out alive .
A TOUGH , DEVOTED SINGLE MOTHER OF THREE
Candice Bowers of Garden Grove , California , was a tough-minded single mother of three with a loud , infectious laugh . Them family said they worked as a waiter and was spending some much-needed time off at the concert . The huge Jason Aldean fan was very excited to be there .
They were also celebrating a personal milestone : Bowers had just finished a yearslong process to adopt a 2-year-old daughter .
`` That was just done , and it was a big accomplishment to get through the adoption process , '' said Michelle Bolks , Bowers ' aunt .
Bowers also had a 20-year-old son and a 16-year-old daughter .
`` She had a bit of a rough upbringing , but as soon as babies came into their life they stepped up and stepped forward and never looked back . They did this all by themselves and took this little one in and was doing it again , '' Bolks said .
COLLEGE REMEMBERS HONOR SOCIETY STUDENT
Known for their warmth and adventuresome spirit , Jordyn Rivera was in their fourth year at California State University , San Bernardino , where they made an impression on everyone from students to the president .
University President Tomas Morales said they got to know Rivera last summer in London during a summertime program for study abroad .
`` As one of their faculty members noted , we will remember and treasure them for their warmth , optimism , energy , and kindness , '' they wrote in a message to faculty and staff .
A native of the Los Angeles suburb of La Verne , Rivera , 21 , was studying health care management . Fellow members of an honor society are now raising money to pay their funeral expenses .
THREE CALIFORNIA CHILDREN LOSE MOM
Keri Lynn Galvan was at the Route 91 Harvest music festival with their husband , Justin , when they were killed by a gunman 's rain of bullets , their sister , Lindsey Poole , wrote in a statement . Them husband survived .
`` She was senselessly murdered on October 1st , 2017 while enjoying a night out with their husband and friends , '' Poole wrote .
The 31-year-old mother from Thousand Oaks , California , leaves behind children ages 10 , 4 and 2 .
Galvan 's days `` started and ended with doing everything in their power to be a wonderful mother , '' Poole wrote .
'OUR FIRECRACKER IS GONE '
The first time Alexis Magana drove over to their friend Brandon Mestas ' house , they asked how to find it .
`` Oh , you 'll know , '' they told them `` It 's the one blasting country . ''
It was Brandon 's mom , Pati Mestas , who was the household 's country music fanatic . Pati Mestas , 67 , of California , died in Las Vegas while listening to that favorite music . Magana remembered them as someone who was `` fearless and bold '' and always welcoming , from that first day they met .
`` She really was a firecracker , '' Magana wrote to The Associated Press in a Facebook message . `` I just never dreamed she 'd be taken from us in an instant . Our firecracker is gone and now it 's just dark . ''
Brandon Mestas , 33 , wrote on their Facebook page that their mother surely enjoyed themselves in their final moments .
`` She left this world surrounded by friends , singing and dancing with thousands of people . If I had to write the script myself , I could not have done a better job , '' they wrote .
ONE OF THE FIRST TO DIE
Brett Schwanbeck was hit almost immediately when the first shots were fired , their niece Carla Dawn wrote in an online fundraising page .
Schwanbeck , 61 , had been at the concert with their fiance , Anna . They found refuge in a dumpster as the shots kept coming , then ran back to Schwanbeck and begged for people to help them as soon as the shooting stopped , Dawn wrote .
Schwanbeck was rushed to a hospital , where they fought their injuries for two days before dying Tuesday .
Their niece described them someone who `` would drive 500 miles to help you if you needed it . ''
STUDENT WAS CELEBRATING BIRTHDAY
It was a weekend of birthday celebrations for Austin Meyer , 24 , in Las Vegas .
Meyer , an automotive student at Truckee Meadows Community College in Nevada , was attending the concert with their fiance , Dana Getreu .
Meyer dreamed of opening their own repair shop and starting a family , their sister , Veronica Meyer , told KSBW News .
`` Austin was a joy to be around . They always had a smile on their face , was ( witty ) and was always making people laugh , '' they said .
MOM WAS 'BEAUTIFUL INSIDE AND OUT '
Hannah Ahlers , a mother of three , was with their husband of 17 years when they were killed at the concert , according to the newspaper in Redlands , California , where they grew up .
Them father-in-law , Dave Ahlers , told the Redlands Daily Facts that they were a `` great mom and family person . ''
Ahlers lived in Beaumont with their husband , Brian Ahlers , and three children , ages 3 , 11 and 14 . They were a stay-at-home mom and `` amazing at it , '' Brian Ahlers said in a statement to the newspaper .
`` Beautiful inside and out , '' they said .
Them brother , Lance Miller , agreed .
`` She was our sunshine , '' Miller told the newspaper .
SEATTLE WOMAN LOVED COUNTRY MUSIC
Carrie Parsons was a huge fan of country singer Eric Church .
`` Night made ! '' they posted Saturday on Facebook after seeing the singer at the Las Vegas country festival .
Parsons , of Seattle , was one of the people who died when shots rang out at the Jason Aldean performance on Sunday night .
`` I feel peace knowing they were living life until their last moments , '' their friend Carolyn Farmer wrote in a social media post sharing Parson 's comments about the Church show .
Parsons was a staffing manager at the recruiting company Ajilon in Seattle , according to their LinkedIn page .
FRIENDS DIED AT CONCERT TOGETHER
Austin Davis , 29 , `` had this unbelievable superpower of making everyone they knew and loved feel like he 'd catch a speeding bullet out of the air for them , '' friend Katelyn Hood told The Associated Press in a Facebook message .
Davis was the only child of their parents , Lori and Gary Davis . The family was so close that Davis built their house on their property in Riverside , California , so they would never be far away .
`` He was their protector , '' said Hood , who named Davis as their son 's godfather .
Davis also left behind their girlfriend of nine years , whom they met in high school . They were at the concert with a family friend , Thomas Day Jr. , who also died .
They worked as a pipe fitter , loved watching their friends ' dogs — especially German Shepherds — and always made sure their friends ' had smiles on their faces .
`` Austin was Austin and no one could change him , '' Hood said . `` He stood firm on their beliefs because they knew they were raised right . ''
___
Associated Press writers Jay Reeves in Birmingham , Alabama ; Don Babwin in Chicago ; Julie Watson in San Diego , California ; Jason Dearen in Gainesville , Florida ; Lindsay Whitehurst in Salt Lake City ; Kathleen Ronayne in Sacramento , California ; and researchers Jennifer Farrar , Rhonda Shafner , Randy Herschaft and Monika Mathur contributed to this report .
___
For complete coverage of the Las Vegas shooting , click here : https : //apnews.com/tag/LasVegasmassshooting
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS — Law enforcement reports that the suspect that fired at a Republican staffers and Congressmen at baseball practice Wednesday morning is a man from Illinois . The suspect is identified as James T. Hodgkinson , 66 , of Belleville , IL . The shooter 's injuries were described as serious . President Donald Trump says that Hodgkinson has died .
Hodgkinson owned a home inspection business . Their license expired in November 2016 and was not renewed , state records show .
Belleville police and the FBI are at Hodgkinson 's home in rural Belleville Wednesday morning . They are telling media to standby for an update . They are asking reporters to remain at a distance as they investigate .
The Washington Post talked to an acquaintance of Hodgkinson . They tell them that they went to Iowa to campaign for Senator Bernie Sanders 's presidential campaign . Hodgkinson is described as a `` passionate progressive '' and showed no signs of violence .
Sen. Bernie Sanders issued this statement about the shooting : “ Our prayers go out for a full recovery of Rep. Scalise , the congressional aides and police officers who were injured . We 've got to stop the violence . ”
The St. Clair County prosecutor says Hodgkinson has an arrest record . It is not very extensive . They were involved a shoving match . The 2006 case was dismissed after the alleged victim did n't show up for the court hearing . In 2011 they were also involved in a traffic accident .
According to @ ILSecOfState # AlexandriaShooting suspect James T. Hodgkinson dissolved their Belleville , IL based inspection business in Dec.'16 pic.twitter.com/AACk4g0S2T — Mike Colombo ( @ Mike_Colombo ) June 14 , 2017
Rep. Steve Scalise , a congressional staffer and members of the congressional police force were shot Wednesday morning in Alexandria , Virginia , in what sources are calling an apparent `` deliberate attack . ''
Scalise , the third ranking member of House Republican leadership as the majority whip , appeared to have been shot in the hip and it appeared two Capitol Hill police agents were shot , according to Rep. Mo Brooks , who told CNN they were on deck when the shooting occurred .
As of 9:45 a.m . ET , Scalise was in stable condition but undergoing surgery , according to a statement from their office .
`` Prior to entering surgery , the whip was in good spirits and spoke to their wife by phone , '' the statement said . `` He is grateful for the brave actions of U.S. Capitol Police , first responders and colleagues . ''
The shooting took place at a practice for the GOP congressional baseball team .
In a statement , Texas Rep. Roger Williams , one of the team 's coaches , said one of their staff members was shot during the incident and is receiving medical attention . There was no information on the staffer 's injuries .
According to both congressional and law enforcement sources , the shooting appears to be a `` deliberate attack . ''
Two law enforcement sources told CNN the shooter , who is in police custody , has been taken to a hospital .
Members of Congress were practicing for a game that was scheduled for Thursday night at Nationals Park . It was not immediately clear whether it would go on as scheduled . The annual game has been played since 1909 .
Lawmakers describe a chaotic scene
Lawmakers who spoke at the scene to reporters described a normal morning practice , at a field where they 've practiced for years , when all of a sudden shots rang out . Lawmakers , staff members and even the young son of one of the members ran for cover , jumping into dugouts and over fences to avoid the gunshots .
Members described Scalise dragging themselves roughly 15 yards away from second base , where they had been playing , and lying there until the shooter was neutralized , at which point some of them ran to assist them and apply pressure to the wound until they could be evacuated . Once they were able , Sen. Jeff Flake said they and Rep. Brad Wenstrup , who is a physician , went out to where Scalise was lying to apply pressure to the wound . Scalise was coherent the whole time , Flake said .
Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul told CNN `` it would have been a massacre '' without Capitol Hill Police .
`` Nobody would have survived without the Capitol Hill police , '' Paul said on CNN . `` It would have been a massacre without them . ''
`` We had nothing but baseball bats to fight back against a rifle with , '' Brooks said .
Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake added that they saw a member of Scalise 's security detail return fire on the gunman for what felt like 10 minutes , even though the police officer was wounded in the leg .
`` 50 ( shots ) would be an understatement , I 'm quite sure , '' Flake said when asked about the total amount of gunfire , including police returning fire .
Flake said two members of Scalise 's security detail were wounded , and another man was wounded in the chest .
Brooks said the shooter appeared to be a white male but added that `` I saw them for a second or two . '' They said the shooter was behind the third base dugout and did n't say anything .
`` The gun was a semiautomatic , '' Brooks said , adding that they were sure it was a rifle but unsure what kind . `` It continued to fire at different people . You can imagine , all the people on the field scatter . ''
Capitol Hill increases security , cancels events
The news of the shooting reverberated on Capitol Hill , where security was increased and regular proceedings were canceled or postponed .
The House decided to not hold any votes on legislation Wednesday , and many hearings were delayed . The House Natural Resources Federal Lands Subcommittee also canceled a scheduled meeting to debate gun legislation .
Capitol Hill Police notified congressional offices that the security presence on the Hill would be increased `` out of an abundance of caution . ''
President Donald Trump also canceled an afternoon event at the Department of Labor .
Virginia Rep. Dave Brat told CNN that they learned of the news in the gym , and that members were all standing by for more information as the news unfolded .
The Sergeant at Arms of the House of Representatives , Paul Irving , is scheduled to brief House members on Capitol Hill in the 11 a.m . ET hour .
Trump tweets on the incident
The President is monitoring the situation , the White House said in a statement .
`` The Vice President and I are aware of the shooting incident in Virginia and are monitoring developments closely , '' Trump said in a statement . `` We are deeply saddened by this tragedy . Our thoughts and prayers are with the members of Congress , their staffs , Capitol Police , first responders , and all others affected . ''
Trump subsequently tweeted , `` Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana , a true friend and patriot , was badly injured but will fully recover . Our thoughts and prayers are with him . ''
House Speaker Paul Ryan and Republican Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy are safe on Capitol Hill and receiving updates , aides tell CNN . Neither was at the practice .
Scalise is the first member of Congress to be shot since former Arizona Rep. Gabby Giffords was shot in January 2011 . Giffords was shot in the head by Jared Lee Loughner at a `` Congress On Your Corner '' event at a Tucson grocery store . Giffords , who authorities said was the main target of the shooting , survived the attack but six others were killed and an additional 12 were injured .
Loughner pleaded guilty in 2012 and was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole .
You had to wonder how director Sean Baker would follow up their shot-on-an-iPhone , transgender-prostitute comedy Tangerine if they ever got a hold of enough cash to pay for a star and a Steadicam . Their extraordinary , almost-homeless-family dramedy , The Florida Project , provides the exhilarating answer .
It 's set in a pastel Orlando that feels spiritually far removed from all things Disney — call it a `` less magical kingdom . '' This sun-baked , off-ramp wasteland boasts brightly colored motels with knock-off mouse house names like Futureland Inn and Magic Castle . Built decades ago for budget-minded tourists , they 're now filled with itinerant families who pay $ 35 a night to live in purple-stuccoed splendor .
These surroundings may be dreary for the adults who live there , but for 6-year-old Moonee ( Brooklynn Prince ) and their buddies Scooty ( Christopher Rivera ) and Jancey ( Valeria Cotto ) , they 're just the place to run wild — really , wild — without the benefit of Mickey , Goofy and other theme park mascots . Who needs organized attractions when you have sunshine , pals and all the time in the world ?
Moonee is their little gang 's irrepressible ringleader — champion windshield spitter , ice cream grifter extraordinaire , leader of expeditions to bring dead fish back to life in the motel pool . She 's adorably unstoppable .
Moonie 's mom , Halley ( Bria Vinaite ) , seems barely more mature than their daughter . They have green-streaked hair and is unable to hold a job even at the local strip club . She 's not really cut out to be a mother , though they make a general stab at being responsible by selling perfume ( and sometimes their body ) to tourists so they can pay their rent .
Halley means well , even if they ca n't follow through . That 's enough to bring out the parental side of the Magic Castle 's curmudgeonly , long-suffering resident manager ( Willem Dafoe ) , who rides herd over unruly tenants — and the occasional wayward egret — with almost alarming finesse .
This is Vinaite 's acting debut , and a striking one at that . Director Sean Baker found them on Instagram — they were following their account to show actors the qualities they wanted in the character . When they could n't find those qualities with established actors , they asked if Vinaite wanted to audition . They turned out to be a fascinating find — a fine complement to Prince 's tiny dynamo , who has the whole film riding on their tiny shoulders for quite a while .
The Florida Project takes its title from the Disney organization 's in-house name for Disney World when it was still just a stack of blueprints on Uncle Walt 's desk in California . But there 's an unspoken irony in calling the film The Florida Project , since the motels Moonie plays in have themselves devolved into housing projects .
That makes them fertile ground for Baker , whose reputation-making Tangerine took place in an equally down-at-heels neighborhood in Los Angeles two years ago . Happily , the director 's aesthetic has n't been wrecked by theirs now having the money to pay for 35 mm cameras . Everything that was wonderful last time is even better here , from first-time performers who light up the screen to dialogue that is profane and very funny for a while , then turns resonant and wrenching .
Baker has imbued this whole terrific movie with a child 's sense of discovery — the sort that can turn a decrepit , pastel corner of Orlando into a vibrant cinematic playground .
Academics who deal even once with “ predatory ” publishers of fake science news may join a suckers list that is passed around by scammers , a Citizen experiment has shown .
It 's a surprising development from an experiment that began as a look at shady conferences , organized to fleece junior academics . ( Researchers pay fees in the $ 1,000 range in the hope that attending will help their careers , but the content is worthless . )
To test some conferences , we submitted a ridiculous piece of research claiming that birds live at the bottom of the ocean . Robins , for heaven 's sake . And roadrunners . We sent a second submission about flying pigs , dressed up in science language .
OMICS International of India , organizers of 3,000 conferences a year , told us that sure , we could present both papers , for a fee .
So , point made . OMICS was exposed as an operator of shady conferences , and we thought it would all die down .
But the predatory science industry was n't done yet . Suddenly , everybody wants a piece of the action on ocean-bottom birds . It 's evidence that once you deal with a predatory publisher , your name and contact information will be used by others .
Here 's one offer we received after applying to the OMICS conference :
“ Greetings !
“ Hope you are doing good . We found your abstract entitled ‘ Strategies for remediation of benthic and pelagic species dependent on coral reefs : Cases of T. migratorius and G. californianus ' presented in 2nd International Conference on Bioscience & 5th International Conference on Integrative Biology . We would like to Publish your full length article in our Medical & Clinical Research . If you are interested , I would appreciate receiving your submission on or before 15th July 2017 . Kindly send your article to editor @ medclinres.net . ”
For clarity , “ benthic ” and “ pelagic ” refer to things underwater . T. migratorius is a robin , and G. californianus is the roadrunner . I like roadrunners .
But even if these underwater birds existed , why would a journal called Medical and Clinical Research care ? And how did they get my contact information , which was not on the abstract ?
Soon another unsolicited invitation arrived , from a different journal but every bit as shady :
“ The Heartiest greetings from the Journal of Quality in Primary Health Care ! !
“ We came through your abstract entitled ‘ Strategies for remediation of benthic and pelagic species dependent on coral reefs'…
“ If you are interested , I would like to invite you to contribute the full length paper for publication in our Quality in Primary Health Care . ”
And here are two more cases , with a different strategy . One says :
“ Dear Dr. Thomas Spears1 ( sic ) ,
“ If you have n't replied me kindly have a look on this gentle reminder . I am writing in regard to your work entitled ‘ VEGF proliferation in cardiac cells contributes to vascular declension : lessons from the Ruskin experience ' , we have contacted you regarding the submission of your work to Journal of Integrative Cardiology… ”
A second shady journal also wrote praising the same paper and asking for further submissions .
Just one problem : There 's no such paper . I did submit such an article in 2015 to test whether a website ( now closed ) was fake or legitimate , and when they accepted the junk submission I did n't pay up . The submission was never published . So how do these other publishers know about it ? Also , why do these two scammers and others like them call me Dr. Spears1 ?
( The most obvious explanation for the misspelling of my name is that they 're referencing my Twitter username — @ TomSpears1 – which only further proves the ineptitude of these predatory publishers , as my Twitter bio clearly states that I 'm a reporter … not a doctor . )
What 's clear is that even my unpublished submissions are getting passed around and around , with the misspelled name included .
The conclusion : If you deal with these scammers once , you paint a target on your back for a long time .
tspears @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/TomSpears1
80 % 80 Wonderful This trips back to Liverpool in the 60s is great fun and packed with nostalgia . 8
Jukebox musicals about the careers of 1960s singers and bands have become increasingly popular in recent years . Cilla , based on the life of the late Cilla Black , is one of the most recent to grace the stage . Beginning at the end of 1962 , Black ( Kara Lily Hayworth ) themselves is revealed in a spotlight . It 's not only their music we relive though . Growing up in Liverpool , Black famously got their start through the Beatles . Rather than a show which solely focused on Black herself , Cilla is a celebration of the 60s pop and the music scene in Liverpool .
As is expected of the jukebox style , and indeed of any musical , the music drives the performance , and Cilla is no exception to this rule . Hayworth has a stunning singing voice , and delivers an incredibly powerful performance as Black . Standing in the spotlight , they shine like a true star , much like Cilla herself . However , the real scene-stealers are the Beatles , played by Bill Caple , Joshua Gannon , Michael Hawkins and Alex Harford . Whenever they are present , your eyes are immediately drawn to them ; their sound , their look and even their iconic ‘ head bobbles ' make you believe you could be seeing the real deal up on stage . The music in this production truly transports you right back into the 60s . Even better , the soundtrack is played primarily by a selection of the actors . Seeing instruments played live on stage in a show focused on singers and bands is particularly satisfying to see , as it makes the performance feel all the more genuine .
The book , written by Jeff Pope , and the acting are almost on par with the music and vocals . Andrew Lancel and Carl Au ( playing Black 's manager , Brian Epstein , and eventual husband , Bobby Willis , respectively ) give especially truthful performances , tugging the audience 's heart strings when life does n't quite go their way . Epstein really becomes a character of tragedy during the second act , in the events leading up to the manager 's overdose in 1967 : a heart-breaking moment within the show . Lancel 's portrayal is spectacular , taking Epstein 's unexpectedly complex character arc and filling the audience with pity as they watch this ultimately broken man .
There is something wonderfully authentic about Cilla . The simplistic brick wall set , combined with the Scouse accents , evokes a home-grown atmosphere : something which could make you proud to feel British . Additionally , it is great fun to look back at such a brilliant decade for British culture – the clothes , the music , the Beatles , Abbey Road Studios . These elements are thrown at us in a fairly brash manner , with the music being belted out as though you are in a rock concert rather than a theatre . At times , the combination of the loud music and bright stage lights can feel a little overwhelming . Yet the main question to consider with this musical , where the vast majority of the audience know of the real-life events being dramatised , is doing it hold the audience 's interest ? I think this can be answered by the entire audience up on its feet dancing along to the joyful finale performed by the whole case , every single person having a brilliant night out . Whether you are a fan of Black herself , the Beatles , or just the 60s in general , Cilla is well worth a watch .
Cilla plays at the Mayflower Theatre , Southampton , until Saturday 7 October .
By The Associated Press
All Times Eastern Eastern Conference Atlantic Division GP W L OL SOL Pts GF GA Providence 24 16 6 2 0 34 72 59 Charlotte 25 16 8 0 1 33 93 72 WB/Scranton 23 14 7 1 1 30 81 69 Lehigh Valley 26 15 8 1 2 33 95 88 Bridgeport 24 12 10 1 1 26 75 70 Hershey 27 12 12 0 3 27 75 89 Hartford 27 10 12 3 2 25 74 96 Springfield 28 10 17 1 0 21 77 90 North Division GP W L OL SOL Pts GF GA Toronto 25 20 5 0 0 40 83 47 Rochester 25 14 5 3 3 34 85 75 Syracuse 25 13 9 1 2 29 82 73 Utica 24 10 10 3 1 24 68 77 Laval 27 10 11 4 2 26 82 97 Belleville 25 10 12 0 3 23 68 91 Binghamton 24 8 13 3 0 19 62 83 Western Conference Central Division GP W L OL SOL Pts GF GA Manitoba 26 18 5 1 2 39 99 57 Rockford 25 15 9 1 0 31 84 71 Iowa 25 12 8 5 0 29 77 78 Milwaukee 24 12 11 1 0 25 67 75 Cleveland 21 8 9 2 2 20 44 64 Grand Rapids 25 9 13 0 3 21 74 84 Chicago 24 7 12 4 1 19 64 76 Pacific Division GP W L OL SOL Pts GF GA Stockton 22 14 6 0 2 30 77 54 Tucson 20 12 5 2 1 27 68 55 Texas 26 16 9 0 1 33 80 86 San Antonio 25 13 10 2 0 28 81 79 Ontario 21 10 10 0 1 21 48 50 San Diego 22 10 11 1 0 21 69 80 San Jose 20 9 10 0 1 19 50 60 Bakersfield 23 9 11 3 0 21 61 70
NOTE : Two points are awarded for a win , one point for an overtime or shootout loss .
___
Saturday 's Games
Chicago 3 , Cleveland 0
Toronto 5 , Laval 2
Milwaukee 4 , Manitoba 3 , SO
Hershey 4 , Lehigh Valley 2
Syracuse 6 , Belleville 0
Rockford 7 , Grand Rapids 2
Springfield 4 , Bridgeport 3
Charlotte 7 , Binghamton 1
Providence 3 , Utica 2 , OT
Hartford 3 , Rochester 2 , SO
San Diego 4 , Iowa 3 , OT
San Antonio 5 , Bakersfield 2
Texas 4 , Ontario 2
Stockton 5 , Tucson 2
Sunday 's Games
Rochester 4 , Bridgeport 1
Manitoba 6 , Milwaukee 1
Providence 4 , Utica 3 , OT
Ontario 3 , San Antonio 2 , OT
WB/Scranton 4 , Hershey 1
Hartford 5 , Springfield 3
Iowa 2 , Grand Rapids 1
Monday 's Games
No games scheduled
Tuesday 's Games
Lehigh Valley at Charlotte , 7 p.m .
Chicago at Rockford , 8 p.m .
San Jose at Tucson , 9:05 p.m .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
First fire of GE 9HA gas turbine starts at 1.1GW Bhikki power plant in Pakistan
GE and Harbin Electric International Company ( HEI ) have started the first fire of an advanced GE 9HA gas turbine , which was installed at the 1.1GW Bhikki power plant in Punjab , Pakistan .
It is the first turbine to be installed at the combined-cycle plant with a capacity to generate 385MW of power .
The first fire , which follows several months of installation and commissioning works , is said to be a critical test where the gas turbine is switched on and run on fuel at the site .
Punjab Chief Minister Mian Muhammad Shehbaz Sharif said : “ First fire of gas turbine 1 is a significant milestone towards the completion of the Bhikki project , a key initiative undertaken by the Government of Punjab to provide reliable , uninterrupted power to citizens .
“ GE 's HA gas turbines have set industry benchmarks in the cost-effective conversion of fuel to electricity , and we are delighted to adopt this leading technology in Pakistan . ”
Said to be one of the most efficient power plants in the country , the 1,180MW Bhikki facility is expected to contribute to Pakistan 's effort to meet an estimated 5GW energy shortfall .
In 2015 , GE won a contract from HEI to provide two 9HA.01 gas turbines and associated equipment for the Bhikki power plant .
Harbin is providing engineering , procurement and construction services for the power plant , which is designed to help address power crises in the country .
The project is expected to generate enough power for approximately 2.5 million Pakistani homes . It will also help the country meet its goals under Vision 2025 to provide electricity access to over 90 % of the population .
GE Gas Power Systems – Projects , in the Middle East , North Africa , Pakistan and India president and CEO Mohamad Ali said : “ GE has invested almost $ 2bn in the development of our HA technology , and our turbine provides a powerful combination of the highest efficiency and superior operational flexibility , leading the industry in total life cycle value . ”
GE said that the 9HA is the first such gas turbine to be operational in the Middle East , North Africa , Turkey and South Asia region .
Image : A GE-built 9HA.01 gas turbine . Photo : courtesy of General Electric .
Mar-a-Lago , President Trump 's private club and winter White House in Palm Beach , Fla. , is a casual place . And so , it seems , are any official records of those who visits them there .
There `` is no system for keeping track of presidential visitors at Mar-a-Lago , as there is at the White House complex , '' Special Agent Kim Campbell said in a legal filing . They said the Secret Service conducted a lengthy search , only to find `` there is no grouping , listing , or set of records that would reflect presidential visitors at Mar-a-Lago . ''
That 's hard to believe , said Noah Bookbinder , executive director of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , a group suing for the records .
Minus any records of presidential visitors , Bookbinder said , `` it suggests Mar-a-Lago members and their guests could have access without any sort of vetting or accountability . ''
The club doubled its membership initiation fee this year to $ 200,000 .
Campbell said the latest search turned up a `` few scattered pieces of Mar-a-Lago presidential visitor information found in paper or electronic documents . ''
Government lawyers filed their statement Wednesday in response to Freedom of Information lawsuit , filed by CREW , the National Security Archive and the Knight First Amendment Institute at Columbia University .
The lawsuit so far has produced just 22 names — Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's traveling party on their official visit in February .
Then-President Barack Obama began routinely releasing White House visitor logs in 2009 , after CREW sued . Obama set exceptions for national security or a `` necessarily confidential nature , '' like meeting with nominees .
Trump stopped the White House disclosures . Administration lawyers argue that records on presidential visitors should be broadly exempt from the Freedom of Information Act .
In the Mar-a-Lago case , Bookbinder said , `` It appears they 're saying they found stuff but these things are not covered by FOIA . ''
CREW and the other plaintiffs plan to file their response in a few days .
The Space Suit helps in directing the flight path by transmitting its thrust vector to provide directional control . Based on technology , the market is segmented into flex nozzle , gimbal nozzle , rotating nozzle , thrusters and others . In 2016 , among various technology , flex nozzle segment is expected to dominate the market for Space Suit market followed by rotating nozzle and anticipated to be the same in the near future . Increased use in the flex nozzles in missiles and satellite launchers is one of the major factor fueling the market for the Space Suit market for the coming years .
Based on application , the market is segmented into satellites , missiles , launch vehicles and fighter aircraft . Among various application , in 2016 , fighter aircraft is expected to dominate the market for Space Suit followed by satellites and anticipated to be the same during the forecast period of 2017 – 2025 . The rise in acquisition of fight aircraft in developing countries such as India and China among others is one of the major factor boosting the demand of fighter aircraft segment in the market .
Read Report Overview https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/space-suit-market.html
Based on system , the market is segmented into wide thrust vector injection system , thrust vector actuation system and thrust vector thruster system . In 2016 , among various system , thrust vector actuation system is expected to be the largest market followed by wide thrust vector injection system . Increasing demand for thrust vector actuation system in defense sector is one of the major factor boosting the market for the Space Suit in the coming years .
Based on end user , the market is segmented into defense and space agencies . In 2016 , defense is expected to dominate the market for the Space Suit followed by space agencies . Rise in demand for fighter aircraft to gain benefit over aerial opponents is one of the key factor boosting the demand for defense segment in Space Suit market during the forecast period .
Get an exclusive brochure of this report https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=27383
The geographical split of the market includes North America , Asia-Pacific , Europe , Latin America and Middle East and Africa . In 2016 , North America is anticipated to be the key market trailed by Europe . The U.S. is estimated to be the key market of the North America as well as globally . Increase in number of satellite launches and launch vehicles is one of the major factor boosting the market for the Space Suit market . Increasing spending on space exploration programs is another major factor boosting the market in North America region .
Europe is expected to follow North America . The U.K. and Germany is expected to be the key market for the Space Suit market in Europe . Asia Pacific is expected to grow at a high CAGR for the forecast period of 2017 – 2025 . China is expected to be the major market for the Space Suit in Asia Pacific . In addition , India is expected to grow at a high CAGR in Asia Pacific region .
Download Table Of Content https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=T & rep_id=27383
Factors such as increase in production of missiles and development programs and increased need for super-maneuverable fighter aircraft among others are the boosting the market for the Space Suit in India as well as Asia Pacific . However , increasing trend of reusing launch boosters and vehicles is acting as a restraining factor for the Space Suit market in Asia Pacific as well as globally . Middle East and Africa is expected to grow at a health rate for the forecast period . Saudi Arabia and UAE is expected to be the major market for the Space Suit in the Middle East and Africa region .
The major players in the market are Honeywell International , Inc. ( United States ) , Moog , Inc. ( United States ) , Woodward , Inc. ( United States ) , Jansen Aircraft Systems Control , Inc. ( United States ) , BAE Systems ( United Kingdom ) , Wickman Spacecraft & Propulsion Company ( United States ) , Parker Hannifin , Inc. ( United States ) , Sierra Nevada Corporation ( United States ) , Dynetics , Inc. ( United States ) , and SABCA ( Belgium ) .
Tasmanian has welcomed news it will receive an extra $ 112 million over eight years under an overhaul of GST funding to be announced by federal Treasurer Scott Morrison .
State and territory governments will receive a series of funding boosts totalling $ 5.2 billion over the eight years to 2026-27 , with the Turnbull government promising none will be worse off because of the changes .
`` On face value , the federal government 's proposal delivers on its commitment that Tasmania would not be one dollar worse off , '' Tasmanian Premier Will Hodgman said in a statement on Thursday .
`` Based on the federal government 's modelling , Tasmania may well receive additional funding under the proposal of $ 112 million over the next eight years with the potential for additional increased funding in perpetuity . ''
Mr Hodgman said their government would now conduct a detailed assessment of the proposal .
`` The Tasmanian Government wo n't accept the proposal if it 's not in Tasmania 's best interests , '' they said .
State and territory treasurers will meet in September to discuss the plan , with a final agreement expected by the end of 2018 .
Still no resolution in the Peanuts liquor licensing debacle .
Commerce Minister Hon . Joey Hew said legal advice is being sought on how best to deal with the liquor license .
Last month an internal audit into the Red Bay gas station license grant found that the then board acted outside its authority and it also noted that unlawful changes were made to official documents to grant the license when the license was initially rejected .
Minister Hew said the new board is considering its next move .
“ We are working with the applicant . The new board is taking their time in ensuring that they follow all the protocols , processes and they are getting all the advice they need to go forward , ” Mr. Hew said .
Late last month the gas station 's license came up before the board for renewal . It was deferred .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Print
0:16 RAW : Richland receiver or Birdville defender . Who gets the jump ball ? Pause
0:13 RAW : Bad blood boiling at Duncanville-Cedar Hill game
0:27 RAW : Trinity INT ends Carroll 's opening drive
2:41 Plastic surgeon details surgery plan for patient who wants to look like Melania Trump
1:32 Body found inside a vacant home in southwest Fort Worth
0:42 Arlington police need help identifying this man accused of using stolen credit cards
2:13 Grapevine PD releases new parking lot video to help ID Target man accused of lewd comments
1:14 New Dickies Arena takes shape at Will Rogers
0:26 OU fraternity sued over injuries to son of former Dallas Cowboys star
Probiotics Chewables Market is expected to grow at a significant CAGR in the upcoming years as the scope and its applications are rising enormously across the globe . The Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations ( FAO ) and the World Health Organization ( WHO ) define Probiotics as live microorganisms which when administered in suitable amounts confer a health benefit on the host . Chewable probiotic are dietary supplements that balance intestinal microflora and support overall immune and digestive health by promoting the growth of certain friendly bacteria . It contains strains that support the health of both upper and lower digestive system .
View Full Report with TOC @ https : //www.millioninsights.com/industry-reports/probiotics-chewables-market
The Key Factor That Drives the Growth of Probiotics Chewables Market Research Report by Trends , Applications , Analysis , Growth , and Forecast : 2017 to 2026
Top Key Manufacturers of Probiotics Chewables market are : -
Jarrow Formulas
Rainbow Light
Culturelle
Aqua Flora
Olly
Airborne
Natrol
American Health
Probiotics Chewables Market by Product Type :
Digestive Support
Immune Support
Probiotics Chewables Market by Applications :
Child
Adult
Geographical Analysis of Probiotics Chewables Market : -
North America
Europe
China
Japan
Southeast Asia
India
These chewable probiotics are suitable for all age group . There are numerous benefits of chewable probiotics like supporting healthy intestinal motility , addressing gastric distress , and supporting healthy immune function . Probiotics chewables market is segmented based on product types , end users , and region . Product types such as Immune Support , Digestive Support , and others classify Probiotics chewables market . End users into Children Use and Adults Use classify the market .
Probiotics chewables market is segmented geographically Americas ( North America , Latin America ) , Europe ( Eastern Europe , Western Europe ) , Asia Pacific , Latin America , Middle East and Africa . Globally , Europe accounts for the largest market share of Probiotics Capsules Market and are estimated to lead the overall market in the upcoming years . The reason being , high demand for probiotic dietary supplements and presence of key manufacturers in this region . North America and Asia Pacific follow suit .
Request a Sample Copy of This Report @ https : //www.millioninsights.com/industry-reports/probiotics-chewables-market/request-sample
Get in touch
At A Million Insights , we work with the aim to reach the highest levels of customer satisfaction . Our representatives strive to understand diverse client requirements and cater to the same with the most innovative and functional solutions .
Contact Person :
Ryan Manuel
Research Support Specialist , USA
Email : ryan @ millioninsights.com
A Million Insights
Office No . 302 , 3rd Floor , Manikchand Galleria ,
Model Colony , Shivaji Nagar , Pune , MH , 411016 India
tel : 91-20-65300184
Email : sales @ millioninsights.com
Visit Our Blog : www.millioninsights.blogspot.com
The top selling online Boutique Company , The southern Honey officially announce 15 % sale on all its Boutique products to encourage women to buy Boutique items at affordable price .
Jill Tanner , The famous Fashion Designer and the owner of Southern Honey Boutique officially stated that , “ The Biggest online Boutique sale has been waiting for Women ” and added that it means a lot , Our primary intention behind offering such biggest discount on our fashionable items is to offer branded items at affordable prices to cut the women expense drastically .
This sale is being offered on our various fashionable Branded items like Trendy Women 's clothes , Branded Shoes , Professional attire , Casual chic and other fashionable accessories .
Apart from these , Online Coupon code has been also availed on Southern Honey online Boutique Store to access this offer .
They said that Fashion World has always been a glamorous lure for women , That is why , in such blind rush of fashion , mostly Women would be squandered and spend the money beyond their reach . Thus , Southern Honey has been coming up with such biggest sale with a motive of ‘ Cut the unnecessary Expense '
Contact Details
www.southernhoney.com
southernhoney2018 @ gmail.com
By The Associated Press
SPRINGFIELD , Mass . ( AP ) — A Massachusetts police department is investigating a Facebook comment purportedly made by an officer “ mocking ” the violence in Charlottesville , Virginia , that killed one person and injured at least 19 others .
Springfield Police Commissioner John Barbieri says they received a complaint about the comment Sunday and opened an internal investigation .
Democratic Mayor Domenic Sarno later released a statement saying “ There is no place for this in our society , let alone from a Springfield Police Officer . ”
Officials say the matter will be taken before a police review board if the investigation finds the officer did make the comment .
James Alex Fields Jr. is accused of driving through a crowd of people protesting a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville on Saturday , killing a 32-year-old woman .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
With massive wildfires burning out of control throughout the West , there is growing concern about the trouble that fireworks could cause on the Fourth of July .
As a precaution , towns like Carefree , Arizona , have cancelled their fireworks shows . But Carefree 's mayor found a way to make sure the show goes on -- by lighting the sky with drones .
CBS News
`` Well , they described it and they sent us a video and we said , 'Let 's do it , ' '' Mayor Les Peterson said .
Call it fireworks without the fire : dazzling displays made up of hundreds of tiny drones carrying LED lights .
Natalie Cheung helped put on Intel 's Super Bowl halftime drone show in 2017 with Lady Gaga . The whole display was programmed on a computer .
`` We know exactly what 's going to happen to our drones at every frame and second , '' Cheung said .
That technology also found its way to this year 's Olympics and music festivals like Coachella . But during wildfire season in the West , they 're increasingly being used as an alternative to Fourth of July fireworks , which last year sparked 869 wildfires in California alone , the highest number in five years .
One of the drone shows this year is taking place at Travis Air Force Base in northern California , not far from acres of burning brush .
Uh-Oh !
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information .
If you used an Optimum login , click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account .
If you used a Newsday login , it looks like it 's not connected to an active subscriber account . To verify your subscription information , click the Connect Account button .
Otherwise , click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account .
China : Steel play a crucial part in our lives , it is used in various electricity power line towers , utensils , gas pipelines , tools , machinery , weapons and many other things which make our lives comfortable . It is multi-functional and most flexible of all the metals . It is better in many ways and is used more widely than any other metal , it is also very convenient to use it , and its advantages are undoubtedly evident to all . It can be said that steel is the backbone of the developed economies . It has many positive characteristics like it is weldable , cold and hot formable , suitable machinability , corrosion resistant , tough and wear resistant .
It requires low production cost than other materials ; it is environment-friendly and can also be recycled . The production of steel is 20 times higher than the output of all non-ferrous metals . With the high demand for steel items , several companies have emerged in last few years . Shanghai Metal Corporation is a leading manufacturing organization in Shanghai , China . It produces products different type of products including steel and which are essential for various industries .
The company makes the custom steel structure with the in-house steel fabrication , steel detailing and field installation . It provides technologically advanced products and stock steel , or structural repair needs to fabricate or design building projects requirements like columns , beams , solar array support frames , awnings , ladders and many more . For the government sector or contractors , it fabricates items like perforated casings , tanks , crossover platforms , access ladders , catwalks and many more .
The company manufactures light steel frame ; these have a variety of uses . These are a site is ready to assemble kits ; all the components are drilled , labeled , punched , marked and require screwing . These are available in a variety of unique and different foundation types . Light steel frame homes are also available , which are built with perfection and they are indistinguishable from traditional mortar or brick house .
The organization is also involved in light steel construction ; it has various advantages . It can be useful for the job sites which are difficult to reach ; it can reduce the time dramatically . These frames are far better than wooden structures , as they are dimensionally stable and it is less susceptible to weather , it is also resistant to vermin and pests . It is low cost with unlimited designs . Maximum producers of light steel frames make frames according to the specification of the customer , which means every profile is cut to size , with screw holes and service holes .
About Shanghai Metal Corporation :
Shanghai Metal Corporation was founded in 1980 , Shanghai , China . Since then it is known for manufacturing products like machinery , mechanical products , medical , construction , containers and many more . To acquire enhanced details , visit their website .
Contact :
Person : Shanghai Metal
Company : Shanghai Metal Corporation
Add : 20 Floor , Yuan Mansion , 738 Dongfang Road , Shanghai , China
Tel : 8621-58309368
Site : www.shanghaimetal.com
Email : sales @ shanghaimetal.com
In the Alabama Republican Senate race , every candidate wants to be just like Donald Trump .
But in Tuesday 's primary , the leading candidate sounds and acts more like the president , while it 's the incumbent , an appointed senator just fighting to make it into a likely runoff , who has Trump 's actual blessing — but also the curse of being Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell 's favorite candidate .
That 's the conundrum of the Republican contest , largely seen as a three-way race between front-runner Roy Moore , a controversial former Alabama Supreme Court chief justice ; Sen. Luther Strange , appointed back in February to fill the seat of now-Attorney General Jeff Sessions ; and Rep. Mo Brooks , who 's seized on an anti-McConnell platform as the president 's attacks against the Senate 's top Republican have intensified recently .
Moore has consistently polled atop the field , and looks likely to claim a spot in a probable September runoff . Their ads sound downright Trumpian , promising to `` drain the swamp '' and taking a swipe at D.C. elites .
Moore is well-known throughout the state — and the country — too . They first gained national notoriety when they refused to remove a monument of the Ten Commandments from a state judicial building despite a federal court order ; Moore themselves was then removed from their position as chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court in 2003 . They won election to the same post again in 2012 , but was then suspended after they ordered judges to enforce the state 's ban on same-sex marriage despite the Supreme Court 's 2015 decision in favor of gay marriage nationwide under the federal Constitution . They resigned earlier this year to challenge Strange .
To state observers , it 's not surprising that Moore has been able to build a strong following and even expand beyond what might be their typical conservative base in the state .
`` Alabama voters supported Trump because they spoke their mind and said all the things they had been thinking about government , '' said Brent Buchanan , a GOP strategist and pollster in the state . `` Out of all the candidates , Roy Moore has some of those similar characteristics . You may not agree with all of their policy or personal preferences , but you know that Roy Moore is going to do what Roy Moore believes . ''
That 's why it was so , well , strange last week when Trump tweeted out their support for Strange , saying the incumbent has their `` complete and total endorsement ! ''
The senator has benefited from millions of dollars in ads from the McConnell-aligned Senate Leadership Fund super PAC . The very next day after endorsing Strange , Trump started going on Twitter tirades against the GOP Senate leader for failing to pass a bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act .
Strange has tried to prove their loyalty to the president ever since they were appointed under less than auspicious circumstances . As Alabama 's attorney general , Strange was investigating then-Gov . Robert Bentley for misuse of their office amid a sex scandal when Bentley chose Strange to replace Sessions . Facing impeachment , Bentley eventually resigned , and the new governor , Kay Ivey , moved up the date for the special election to replace Sessions long-term .
Polling done in the wake of Trump 's surprise endorsement showed that the president 's blessing had done little — yet — to move the needle toward Strange . One by cygnal , Buchanan 's firm , conducted partly after the endorsement , showed Moore still with a lead and high favorables , Strange remained static and it was Brooks who took a hit .
Buchanan said the Trump endorsement could help Strange turn out some who were less likely to vote on Tuesday , which could be key in what 's already expected to be a very low-turnout affair .
And the pro-Trump America First Action super PAC also announced late Friday it would be spending up to $ 200,000 on digital ads targeting Trump voters to encourage them to come out for Strange .
However , although he 's slipping in polling , Brooks is hoping to turn McConnell 's fervent support for Strange into a last-ditch way to get into the likely runoff against Moore . He 's hitched a `` Ditch Mitch '' banner to their campaign bus in the final days , and in their closing ad they echo Trump 's frustration with McConnell 's inability to push through an Obamacare repeal .
`` McConnell and Strange are weak , but together we can be strong , '' Brooks says . `` Mr. President , is n't it time we tell McConnell and Strange , 'You 're fired ? ' ''
Ultimately , the Huntsville-area member of congress has n't had the resources the other two candidates have had , and they have n't been elected statewide before like Moore and Strange . And , perhaps most damaging , they were certainly no fan of Trump during the GOP presidential primaries last year , during which they supported Texas Sen. Ted Cruz . McConnell 's super PAC has pointed that out in ads , saying Brooks sided with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-Calif. , and Sen. Elizabeth Warren , D-Mass .
If Strange does fall short of the runoff , University of Alabama political science professor emeritus William Stewart , a longtime political observer in the state , said that 's a big problem for McConnell . And , if Strange does make it to the likely September runoff , expect that to be a big point Moore can use against Strange , too .
`` The McConnell support for Strange will not be helpful because McConnell , as the president says , has n't been successful at pushing through the president 's agenda , `` Stewart said . `` If Strange does n't make the runoff , that 's a definite blow to McConnell , '' more so than Trump .
Polling shows Moore is still the favorite against Strange in a runoff , and that 's where the McConnell ties could be the most deadly — and place the president in a more precarious spot given their surprising endorsement . Stewart said it would be interesting to watch how much Trump puts their muscle behind Strange later , and something like traveling to Alabama — one of Trump 's best states in 2016 — for a rally on the senator 's behalf would certainly give Strange a boost .
No matter who wins the GOP nomination though , they 'll be the heavy favorite in the December general election , even if it 's the more controversial Moore . Democrats are expected to nominate Doug Jones , a former U.S. attorney , though they could face a runoff against the aptly-named Robert Kennedy Jr. , a Naval veteran who is not related to the famous Democratic political family .
If Moore is the GOP nominee , it will be interesting to watch whether the Democrats can make it even a mildly competitive contest — something Stewart , the former University of Alabama professor , said is doubtful , and is emblematic of the problems the party faces overall in the South .
`` Right now the Democratic Party is very impotent here , '' Stewart said . `` I think whomever the Republicans choose as their nominee will be the winner . ''
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) — The St. Louis Blues have placed forward Jaden Schwartz on injured reserve with a right ankle injury , and they will re-evaluate in six weeks .
The Blues made the move Sunday , hours ahead of their game against the Sabres . Schwartz suffered the injury during the Blues ' 6-1 win in Detroit on Saturday . They were tied for ninth in the NHL with 35 points ( 14 goals , 21 assists ) and ranked second with a plus-23 rating through 30 games for the Central Division-leading Blues .
St. Louis also recalled forward Ivan Barbashev from the American Hockey League affiliate in Chicago . They have 12 points ( five goals , seven assists ) in 36 career NHL regular-season games .
___
More AP NHL : https : //apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
WASHINGTON — The Fairfax County police have a detailed description of the man they said abducted and tried to sexually assault a woman in Reston on Monday — they also know what the suspect 's car may look like .
The attack occurred about 2:30 p.m. on North Shore Drive off Wiehle Avenue , police said .
A 22-year-old woman told the police they were walking near the Tall Oaks Shopping Center when a man approached them from behind , dragged them into the woods and began trying to remove their clothes . They left suddenly .
The man was seen driving a Hyundai that is either gray or silver . The license plate might begin with the letter V .
The suspect is described as Hispanic , with a full beard , in their late 20s to mid-30s . They were wearing shorts , a red baseball cap and a gray shirt with red letters .
The police are asking anyone with information about the attack or suspect to call 703-691-2131 .
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @ WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others .
© 2017 WTOP . All Rights Reserved .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It goes without saying that the vast majority of Gypsies and Travellers who have a nomadic way of life are law abiding people .
But there are a small minority who do n't follow the rules and set up unauthorised encampments .
It can be incredibly frustrating for residents living nearby who seem to think that the police and local council are n't doing enough to progress the issue , so we 've produced a guide .
What happens when gypsies and travellers visit the neighbourhood ?
Cambridge City Council has a lot of information and advice on the topic for residents , as well as landowners .
They say most of the time , Gypsies and Travellers like to keep themselves to themselves .
In some situations - such as a wedding or funeral , if a relative is in hospital , or if they have broken down - they may stop closer to residential areas .
I have seen Gypsies or Travellers camping on council-owned land
When this happens , the council in question should consider each case individually .
Generally , the site is visited by the council who do their best to make sure the gypsies or travellers keep the area clean and tidy .
This sometimes means refuse collection facilities may be provided by the council .
Councils ca n't remove unauthorised encampments from their land immediately , as they have to follow national legislation and guidelines .
They have to be able to show the gypsies or travellers are on the land without consent , look into the general health and welfare of the travellers and their children 's education , and they have to comply with the Human Rights Acts 1998 .
Following this procedure will allow the council to obtain authority from the courts to order the gypsies or travellers to leave the site .
What should I do if I think an encampment is unauthorised ?
The best thing to do is to contact the relevant council . They can only take action if the land being occupied is owned by them , but are able to notify landlords and advise them on what to do .
How long does it take for travellers to be moved on ?
This depends on the individual situation .
Councils have to follow the procedures outlined above and have to wait for a court hearing date to be set .
Cambridge City Council do n't specify a time frame on their website .
Can the court refuse to grant the council an order to move gypsies or travellers on ?
Yes . If there is an unavoidable reason for the Gypsies or Travellers to stay on the site , or if the court believes we have failed to make adequate enquiries regarding the general health and welfare of the Gypsies or Travellers . We must try to find out this information before going to court .
Can the police do anything ?
The police will visit any sites reported to them but trespassing is a civil offence and not a criminal offence .
This means preventing trespass and removing trespassers is the responsibility of the landowner - not the police .
Of course , if criminal activity has happened on land occupied by travellers , the police have the power to move them .
What if travellers have set up camp on my land ?
If you are the landowner , the first thing to do is to talk to them to make it clear that it is actually your land .
Ask why they are there and how long they hope to stay . Assess if they are causing a disturbance .
If the encampment has spread onto a right of way or highway , you should contact Cambridgeshire County Council .
It 's also a good idea to tell your solicitor and ask about likely legal costs .
Bear in mind travellers and gypsies face a lot of intolerance and prejudice and may be cautious about talking openly .
If negotiations are n't going well , leave discussions for the time being and get advice from your solicitor .
Is it OK to let them stay if there are n't any problems ?
Yes , short term occupation is absolutely fine .
Long-term occupation will need planning permission from your council .
What if I need to reclaim possession of my land ?
This is where your solicitor plays a key role , and will probably tell you the problem can be resolved in the civil courts under the Civil Procedure Rules .
This involves asking trespassers to leave , issuing and serving a court summons , seeking a possession order in court , serving the order , and if necessary executing a warrant for possession with county court bailiffs .
Where can I find out more ?
Your local council should have information readily available to residents .
We advise checking their website or giving them a call .
Cambridge City Council has plenty of information and advice if your home town or village becomes a stopover for gypsies or travellers .
Cambridgeshire County Council also has a useful web page on travellers .
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app . It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple 's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
BARCELONA , Spain ( AP ) - David Goffin saved a match point to defeat Marcel Granollers of Spain 4-6 , 7-6 ( 2 ) , 6-2 Tuesday in the second round of the Barcelona Open .
Goffin was down 5-1 in the second set before recovering to reach the third round for the second consecutive year in Barcelona .
The fourth-seeded Belgian will play either Leonardo Mayer of Argentina or Karen Khachanov of Russia .
Ecuador Open champion Roberto Carballes Baena of Spain defeated Andreas Haider-Maurer of Austria 6-2 , 6-4 to set up a second-round encounter with 10-time champion Rafael Nadal .
Sixth-seeded Novak Djokovic will play their second-round match against Slovak Martin Klizan , who defeated Argentine Federico Delbonis 6-3 , 6-7 ( 5 ) , 6-4 .
Tour veteran Feliciano Lopez of Spain defeated Dusan Lajovic of Serbia 6-4 , 2-6 , 6-4 in a second-round match , while Malek Jaziri of Tunisia beat American Ernesto Escobedo 6-4 , 6-3 .
Clogherhead native Andrew Christopher Dunne has taken their experience of growing up in a Louth fishing village as their inspiration for their marine-themed garden at this year 's Bloom festival .
The Sustainable Seafood Garden which features at Ireland 's largest garden festival includes plants and trees found along Ireland 's coastal areas , including wildflowers , ferns and grasses .
Andrew Christopher Dunne
The centrepiece of the garden includes a large water feature with shimmering fish sculptures and an ‘ upcycled ' fishing boat where some of Ireland 's leading fishmongers and chefs will be showcasing sustainably sourced seafood throughout the five-day event . The garden also includes furniture and features made from recycled materials .
The garden 's designer Andrew Christopher Dunne spoke of their Louth inspiration for the garden : “ When I was commissioned by Bord Iascaigh Mhara to design this marine-themed garden , I visited my local pier in Clogherhead . I was struck by how fortunate I am to live on an island that 's surrounded by clean , pure waters and of the long tradition of fishing in Ireland . This garden tells the story of Irish seafood from tide to table and the people and industries that support it . ”
Former winners of the BIM Young Fishmonger of the Year Award , George and Anne Stephens and Scott Smullen from Dunnes Stores in Cornelscourt , Dublin is among the fishmongers who will be demonstrating ways in which to prepare sustainably sourced Irish seafood on board the boat in the garden . TV chef and author , Fiona Uyema will also be featuring Japanese themed Irish seafood dishes .
Visitors to the show can learn how Irish seafood is being sustainably produced to help protect fish stocks , protect the marine environment and sustain and develop fisheries-dependent coastal communities throughout Ireland .
Bord Iascaigh Mhara ( BIM ) , Ireland 's seafood development agency , has sponsored this year 's first ever marine-themed garden at Bloom .
In addition to the garden , BIM will also have fun activities for children in its exhibition area , that will include a life-size shark that has been made entirely from plastics collected from local shores and a short film presented by an animated character called Professor O'Mara who explains how fish and shellfish are farmed around our coast .
Bloom opens its gates on Thursday 31st May at 9am and runs until the 4th of June .
A Civil War-period carte-de-visite album with 48 photographs , including a previously unrecorded image of Harriet Tubman , is up for auction at Swann Auction , as seen in this undated handout photo . Swann Auction Galleries/Handout via REUTERS
NEW YORK A photograph of Harriet Tubman , believed to be the earliest-known image of the anti-slavery crusader and showing them as younger than they are normally depicted , will go up for auction in New York on Thursday .
The photograph , previously unseen by scholars , shows Tubman in their late 40s , wearing an intricately decorated blouse and voluminous skirt , and sitting in a chair , leaning one arm on its back .
`` It 's quite remarkable : This is what they looked like in their prime Civil War period when they were working as a spy for Lincoln , '' Wyatt Day , the specialist organizing the sale at Swann Auction Galleries , said in a telephone interview .
They noted the photograph was taken about three years after the American Civil War ended in 1865 . `` All of the images show them as an older woman , maybe in their 70s . They look a bit tired , and here they look vibrant and strong . ''
Kate Clifford Larson , a historian and Tubman biographer , said the photograph , which was brought to Swann last year after being purchased at auction by a collector of vintage photos about 10 years ago , could help the public `` reimagine '' Tubman .
`` There are so many details about it that are thrilling , '' they said in a phone interview . `` She 's so much younger and she 's dressed so beautifully , so it helps us look at them in a different way . ''
Tubman , who escaped from slavery in Maryland when they were in their 20s , later led dozens of black slaves to freedom using the Underground Railroad and became a Union Army spy during the Civil War and women 's suffragist .
The U.S. Treasury Department said last year it planned to put them on the face of the $ 20 bill , replacing former President Andrew Jackson , making them the first African-American so honored .
The photograph for auction is in the form of a carte de visite , a 19th-century custom in which people would leave photos of themselves as a calling card .
It appears in a carte-de-visite album compiled by the Quaker abolitionist Emily Howland . The album is estimated to sell for $ 20,000 to $ 30,000 , the gallery said .
Day said research had shown the photographer Benjamin F. Powelson , who made Tubman 's carte de visite , only spent time near Tubman 's home in Auburn in upstate New York from 1868 to 1869 , when Tubman was about 48 .
( Reporting by Jonathan Allen ; Editing by Peter Cooney )
The high school sports season is on the verge of ending and Brandon Valley and Bon Homme/Scotland have added another title to their trophy case .
Saturday afternoon and evening saw an impressive performance by the Brandon Valley Lynx in the state A high school baseball tournament . The Lynx , who entered the tournament as the 5th seed , appeared to have an uphill battle having to face the defending champion Roosevelt Rough Riders in the first game of the day . Faced with Roosevelt having bases loaded and a chance to win in the 7th , the Lynx held strong and managed to get Roosevelt 's Gus Radel to pop out to secure the 5-2 victory .
Standing in front of a Lynx championship was fellow ESD member Pierre . The Lynx won their first ever state baseball championship by defeating the Governors 5-2 .
Class B wrapped up a bit delayed on Tuesday night following a quick rain shower at Sioux Falls Stadium , but it was Bon Homme/Scotland who powered their way to a 7-5 win over West Central . Much like Brandon Valley 's semifinal victory over Roosevelt , Bon Homme/Scotland was able to hold off a bases loaded situation for West Central in the 7th inning to secure their first Class B baseball title since 2011 .
A new fossil from Africa , published in the peer-reviewed journal PeerJ by Italian paleontologists , represents a small juvenile individual of the huge sail-backed Spinosaurus
Spinosaurus is the longest , and among the largest predatory dinosaurs , and possesses many adaptations for a semiaquatic lifestyle . A tiny claw phalanx of the foot , discovered in Cretaceous-aged sandstones of the Sahara , shows a peculiar shape compatible with an early juvenile Spinosaurus . As reported in PeerJ - the Journal of Life & Environmental Sciences , the fossil is from the smallest known individual of this giant , sail-backed theropod . The findings suggest the small specimen retains the same locomotor adaptations as the large version - such as traversing soft substrates or paddling - during the entire lifespan .
Collected in Morocco in 1999 , a 21 mm-long pedal ungual phalanx ( a phalanx supporting a claw of the foot ) remained unnoticed in the Paleontological Collection of the Natural History Museum of Milan , until the recent discovery ( 2014 ) of a new partial skeleton of Spinosaurus aegyptiacus , that preserves an almost complete right foot with peculiar morphology in the phalanges .
The striking similarities with the claw phalanges of the foot of Spinosaurus allowed palaeontologists Simone Maganuco and Cristiano Dal Sasso to identify the tiny bone to a very small and young specimen of the sail-backed Spinosaurus , the smallest individual reported up to today . `` Besides the rarity of the fossils belonging to juvenile theropod dinosaurs , and the rarity of Spinosaurus bones , this finding is even more remarkable if we consider the dramatic size attained by some large specimens of Spinosaurus , which are possibly the longest , and among the largest predatory dinosaurs ever found '' - says Maganuco .
Assuming the juveniles looked like smaller versions of the adults , the 21 mm-long claw phalanx from this small specimen would pertain to an early juvenile individual , 1.78 m-long , only just a little bit longer than the estimated length of the sole head of the largest adult Spinosaurus known to date , which is also housed at the Natural History Museum of Milan .
According to recent studies , the broader than deep unguals in Spinosaurus with their flat plantar surface are reminiscent of the flattened pedal shape of shorebirds that do not perch , and the whole foot may have been adapted to traversing soft substrates or webbed for paddling . `` This find indicates that in Spinosaurus the foot of early juveniles had the same locomotor adaptations observed in large individuals , that were probably achieved early in ontogeny and retained for the entire lifespan '' , remarks co-author Cristiano Dal Sasso .
# # #
Full Media Pack including article pdf and images : https : / / drive . google . com/ drive/ folders/ 1sC4W3EVBdgXtCOPV-woyr6HuZ4iX0XYL ? usp= sharing
EMBARGOED until 30 May 2018 : 7 am EST ; 12 midday UK local time ; 11 am GMT ( i.e . the date of publication )
Link to the Published Version of the article ( quote this link in your story - the link will ONLY work after the embargo lifts ) : https : / / peerj . com/ articles/ 4785/ your readers will be able to freely access this article at this URL .
About :
PeerJ is an Open Access publisher of two peer-reviewed journals and a preprint server . PeerJ 's mission is to help the world efficiently publish its knowledge . All works published by PeerJ are Open Access and published using a Creative Commons license ( CC-BY 4.0 ) . PeerJ is based in San Diego , CA and the UK and can be accessed at peerj.com
PeerJ is the peer-reviewed journal for Biology , Medicine and Environmental Sciences . PeerJ has recently added 15 areas in environmental science subject areas , including Natural Resource Management , Climate Change Biology , and Environmental Impacts . peerj.com/environmental-sciences
PeerJ has an Editorial Board of over 1,900 respected academics , including 5 Nobel Laureates . PeerJ was the recipient of the 2013 ALPSP Award for Publishing Innovation . PeerJ Media Resources ( including logos ) can be found at : peerj.com/about/press
Media Contacts
For the authors :
Simone Maganuco simonemaganuco @ iol.it +393471868851
Cristiano Dal Sasso cdalsasso @ yahoo.com
For PeerJ : email : press @ peerj.com , https : / / peerj . com/ about/ press/
Mercedes-AMG Petronas Formula One Team driver Lewis Hamilton says the W08 felt like it was back to normal again during Friday practice for the Japanese Grand Prix , and they are confident of having a strong race at the Suzuka International Racing Course this weekend .
The Free Practice 1 session was completed under dry conditions , with Hamilton finishing second fastest , 0.211 seconds off the pace of Scuderia Ferrari driver Sebastian Vettel , and the Brit was pretty happy with the session overall .
“ It 's been an interesting day ; the car is feeling much better than it was in Malaysia . I 'm glad that we had the dry session for FP1 . ”
Free Practice 2 was a different story however , with the majority of the session a washout as the predictable rain fell throughout the first hour .
Many drivers chose not to take to the track , but Hamilton felt it would be useful considering the Mercedes had not performed as well in wet conditions in Malaysia .
“ In FP2 , there was a lot of rain , but it felt really important to go out and assess the track and see how the car was feeling as the car was not good in the wet in Malaysia . The car feels back to normal , so I 'm ready to race .
The Brit also gave a nod to the fans , who patiently sat waiting in the rain , and felt they deserved to see some action at least .
“ The fans are pretty special here – to be out there in the rain , waiting for us to go out through the whole of FP2 .
“ That 's also another reason I wanted to go out and at least give them a little bit of a show . So hopefully at least they got to see something as not many cars went out . ”
On paper , promoter Bob Arum put together a fight that very well could have been one for the ages . Never before had a pair of two-time Olympic gold medalists met inside a professional ring . Vasily Lomachenko and Guillermo Rigondeaux are two of the most technically astute fighters in the game . When Arum made the fight , the boxing world paid attention .
But , as often happens in sports , once the bell rang , reality set in . That piece of paper ? It was shredded by Lomachenko . On Saturday night , at Madison Square Garden 's Theater , Lomachenko dominated Rigondeaux in every facet of the fight , scoring a sixth-round TKO to retain their WBO super featherweight title . It was the fourth consecutive contest in which Lomachenko 's opponent surrendered on the stool , rather than continue absorbing punishment .
Rigondeaux , who left Cuba in 2009 , was unbeaten in 17 pro fights . Although they were the WBA and WBO 122-pound champion , they moved up two weight classes to challenge Lomachenko . They insisted that the weight would not matter and their pedigree seemed to support their confidence .
Not only was Lomachenko too big , they were superior in every aspect of the fight . They hit Rigondeaux often , from all angles , forcing the Cuban champion to hold repeatedly . Lomachenko also was as fast , or faster , something Rigondeaux likely never considered . Rigondeaux , a clever counterpuncher , is used to fighting at a certain pace , finding temporary moments of calm while they picked opponents apart . There were no such pauses on Saturday night . Lomachenko never slowed down and never stopped pressuring Rigondeaux .
The Ukrainian fighter was in such control that they seemed to be attacking Rigondeaux with the comfort of hitting a double-end bag in the gym . Even on those few occasions when Rigondeaux would land a hard left hand , it was not enough to even momentarily discourage Lomachenko .
“ He 'll take anybody , ” Arum said of Lomachenko after the Rigondeaux fight . He 'll go to 135 pounds , and he 'll make a joke of [ world champion Jorge ] Linares . He 'll make a joke of [ Mikey ] Garcia . They 're really good fighters , but this guy is super special . You 've never seen anything like this . Maybe he 'll go to 140 , I do n't know . He 's going to do this to everybody .
“ I 've been around great fighters , Leonard , Hagler , Floyd , Pacquiao , ” said Arum . “ I 've never seen a fighter like this , even Ali . ”
Given Lomachenko 's dominance and Arum 's confidence , here are some possible opponents for Lomachenko in 2018 .
Subscribe to Sports Now newsletter By clicking Sign up , you agree to our privacy policy .
Mikey Garcia ( 37-0 )
The one fight that would excite boxing fans the most . Garcia completely outclassed Adrien Broner at Barclays Center in July . But that fight was at 140 pounds , which might be a bit too far of a reach right now for Lomachenko . Garcia used to fight for Top Rank , but after a long legal battle , now fights for PBC . Although Arum did n't think so , that 's another possible obstacle to making this fight .
Jorge Linares ( 43-3 )
The WBA lightweight champion makes sense if Lomachenko is going to continue their climb in weight . Linares is probably the best 135-pounder in the world and has faced quality opposition for much of their career . The one weakness is that all three of Linares ' career losses have come via stoppage .
Orlando Salido ( 44-14-4 )
They handed Lomachenko their only pro loss . This fight may be appealing for the revenge factor , Salido was stopped in Las Vegas on the same night Lomachenko defeated Rigondeaux . Given their last performance , putting them in with Lomachenko now would appear to be a mismatch .
Miguel Berchelt ( 32-1 )
If a unification bout interests Lomachenko , than WBC super featherweight champion Berchelt is the most likely choice . He 's in their prime at 26 and can punch , scoring 28 knockouts in 33 fights .
Gervonta Davis ( 19-0 )
This fight also would be a favorite among fans . Davis has had some high-profile wins on Showtime and is the crown jewel of Floyd Mayweather Jr. 's growing stable of fighters . Davis is an explosive puncher , scoring 18 knockouts in their 19 wins . Davis was stripped of their IBF 130-pound belt for failing to make weight in their last fight , so the lightweight division appears to be in their future . He 's a Mayweather-PBC fighter , which could make a fight difficult from a political perspective .
INDIANAPOLIS ( AP ) — Frank Gore watched as the referees huddled in the snow .
All Indianapolis Colts coach Chuck Pagano wanted was an explanation .
Now , there 's no time to fret .
One day after a go-ahead 2-point conversion was negated by an offensive pass interference call , thawed out players and coaches returned to work and tried to turn the page on yet another befuddling loss .
Advertisement
“ Really , really hard for me to get over there . I 've seen some coaches try that of late and it did n't bode so well . And that 's with no weather , ” Pagano said , again using humor to combat the mounting frustration . “ It was a long ways away . I could n't get anybody 's attention . ”
For the Colts ( 3-10 ) , it 's been tough .
Andrew Luck has n't played a snap since undergoing surgery on their throwing shoulder .
On Monday , Pagano confirmed the star quarterback continues to rehab in Europe as team doctors stay in contact with Luck through emails and text messages .
Center Ryan Kelly , Indy 's first-round pick in 2016 , missed the first four games this season with a broken foot and the past two with a concussion . Safety Malik Hooker , this season 's first-round pick , sustained a season-ending knee injury in Week 7 .
Only two defenses have allowed more yards than the Colts and only one has allowed more points .
With those numbers , Indy has predictably blown six leads — four in which it had double-digit leads in the second half .
But the latest blow really stung .
After Jacoby Brissett 's successful conversion pass to Jack Doyle appeared to give the Colts an 8-7 lead with 1:16 left in regulation , Indy thought it finally succeeded in turning the corner .
Instead a late flag was thrown , the play was negated and Adam Vinatieri had to make a 43-yard extra point in blizzard conditions just to tie the score . Then they lost 13-7 in overtime . The impact was still being felt 24 hours later .
“ I 'm still trying to thaw out a little bit , ” rookie running back and Florida native Marlon Mack said . “ I 'm still a little cold . ”
The biggest issue might be recovery time .
Pagano said the weather conditions probably took more out of their players than normal and that some had “ dead legs , ” hardly an ideal situation for a team facing a Thursday night home game against Denver ( 4-9 ) . Even Gore , who had a career-high 36 carries , acknowledged he 'd play it safe this week .
“ I 'll try to give my legs some rest this week , ” the 34-year-old running back said . “ I 'll get some massages at the hotel or whatever I need . ”
Of course the best remedy for all of this would be a win .
Still , it would only provide solace in an already lost season .
The four-game losing streak is the longest in Pagano 's six-year tenure with the Colts .
Indy has been eliminated from playoff contention and the three-year postseason drought is the franchise 's longest since a seven-year run from 1988-94 .
Logically , the focus turns to Pagano 's future in Indianapolis for the third straight year .
“ You know what you got into . It 's all I 've known forever , ” they said . “ The shelf life for these jobs is not long . You know what I mean ? ”
When asked about being one of the league 's longest-tenured coaches , Pagano quipped : “ I 'm the grandfather of the ( AFC ) South . ”
But if the Colts can finish strong , it would at least help them cope with the looming long , busy offseason .
“ No , we 're not making the playoffs , but there are still games to be played and plays to be made , ” rookie cornerback Quincy Wilson said . “ And that 's what we 're going out there to do . ”
NOTES : Kelly and cornerback Rashaan Melvin ( hand ) both practiced Monday . Kelly has n't been cleared to play yet . Melvin worked with a club cast on their injured hand . … Receiver Donte Moncrief is listed week to week with an injured ankle .
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
The gruesome killing of an elderly woman , who was murdered by a 34-year-old local , has shocked villagers . They were discovered sucking blood from their cut throat with a pot of blood nearby , but fled the scene .
In a Zimbabwean village , the police have arrested a man suspected of killing an elderly woman and sucking their blood . As Chronicale , a local outlet , reported , the 34-year-old local , Cristopher Sibanda , attacked the victim on their way from a local hospital in broad daylight , hitting their several times with a log and cutting them throat .
Passers-by reportedly discovered them by the road near the hospital , allegedly sucking the victim 's blood . They tried to detain the man , but they fled the scene . A pot with some blood , presumably from the victim 's wound , was found nearby .
READ MORE : WATCH 'Vampire Deer ' Expose Its Fangs in the Russian Far East
After the gruesome discovery , the villagers launched a manhunt , eventually catching the perpetrator and bringing them to the local police . The police officers confirmed that they were detained and in custody .
A representative of the local community , Edward Marijeni , shocked by the killing , said that they had known Sibanda “ sometimes seemed to lose their mind , ” but they had never been violent . They also had n't undergone treatment for any mental health condition , according to the locals .
On February 13 , the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un was killed at an airport in Malaysia .
Kim Jong-nam , aged 45 , was the eldest son of North Korea 's late leader Kim Jong-il and actor Sung Hae-rim . Before they left the country for Macau , they were considered the main candidate for succeeding Kim Jong-il .
Speculation has been rife as to the identity of Kim Jong-nam 's assassin . South Korea 's TV Chosun , a cable-TV network , reported that Kim had allegedly been killed by two unidentified women with poisoned needles . Citing South Korean government sources , the women were reportedly North Korean operatives who remained at large after fleeing the scene in a taxi .
However , the stories remain unconfirmed , and Ba Dianjun of Jilin University 's Northeast Asia Institute told Sputnik that such hypotheses are irresponsible given the circumstances .
`` Most of the reports agreed that what happened has some relation to North Korea , for two reasons . Firstly , there had been a previous attempt on their life . Secondly , Kim Jong-nam could have represented a 'political threat ' to Kim Jong-un . A lot of South Korean media in particular support this view . So far , the cause of death has not been revealed , so it would be irresponsible to put forward any hypotheses . ''
Also on Monday , North Korea announced it had successfully test-fired a new type of medium- to long-range ballistic missile the previous day .
According to North Korea 's KCNA news agency , Kim Jong-un attended the launch of the Pukguksong-2 , a new type of strategic weapon capable of carrying a nuclear warhead .
`` North Korea has recently achieved a breakthrough in nuclear weaponry and successfully tested a ballistic missile . This , in turn , is bringing the country to a point where the US will lose patience . ''
`` As soon as the truth is revealed , it will have a strong influence on the political situation in North Korea , as well as relations with neighboring states , '' Ba said .
© AP Photo/ JoongAng Sunday via JoongAng Ilbo , Shin In-seop South Korea Holds Security Meeting Over Death of Kim Jong-un 's Half-Brother
The analyst said that such reports seek to put the focus on China-North Korea relations , because of a theory that Kim Jong-nam was seen by Beijing as an alternative North Korean leader .
`` A lot of media reports , especially in Japan and South Korea , are focusing on the relations between China and North Korea . After all , Kim Jong-nam spent most of their time in Macau . Now there is even a theory that they were a kind of 'second choice ' for China , so that if necessary it would be possible to use Kim Jong-nam to create a new order in North Korea . ''
`` On the contrary , I believe that the death of Kim Jong-nam demonstrates that China has no such plans . If China had such intentions , Kim Jong-nam would have been 'under supervision ' in terms of their travel abroad and could not have just leave the country . In addition , measures to ensure their safety would have been very strictly observed . ''
`` These kinds of reports have the effect of focusing on China-North Korea relations , and draw attention to China . In the current situation , when a new government is in power in the US , when the THAAD missile defense system is in the process of deployment , the West has a strategic plan to alter China-North Korea relations and the promotion of these reports only disconnects the countries , '' Ba said .
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we 'll keep you up to speed !
UPDATE 1-Qatar signs $ 12 bln deal to buy F-15 jets from U.S .
June 14 Qatar 's Ministry of Defense said on Wednesday the country signed a deal to buy F-15 fighter jets from the United States for $ 12 billion .
45 young Aussies and New Zealanders managed to escape from a bus before it exploded into flames
The long-awaited House Intelligence Committee memo on “ Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act Abuses at the Department of Justice and the Federal Bureau of Investigation ” has been released . Here it is :
And here are some salient points :
* The FISA warrants that are the subject of the memo all relate to Carter Page . The original warrant was sought on October 21 , 2016 , and the memo says that there were three renewals , which apparently occur every 90 days . This would appear to take the surveillance well past the presidential election , and beyond President Trump 's inauguration . The memo does not explain this aspect of the timing . The FISA applications were signed by some familiar names : James Comey signed three , and Andrew McCabe , Sally Yates and Rod Rosenstein all signed one or more .
* The fake “ dossier ” compiled by Christopher Steele with the assistance of unknown Russians “ formed an essential part of the Carter Page FISA application. ” In fact , McCabe testified before the committee that no FISA warrant would have been sought without the fake dossier . Steele was paid over $ 160,000 by the Democratic National Committee and the Hillary Clinton campaign to come up with derogatory information–true or false , apparently–on Donald Trump .
* DOJ and FBI failed to mention in their FISA application that it was based on opposition research paid for by the Clinton campaign and the DNC , even though this apparently was known to the FBI . The application apparently tried to mislead the FISA court by saying that Steele “ was working for a named U.S. person ” –the memo does n't tell us who that person was–but not disclosing Fusion GPS or Glenn Simpson , let alone Hillary Clinton and the DNC . This appears to be a deliberate deception of the court .
* In addition to Steele 's fake dossier , the FISA application cited an article about Carter Page that appeared on Yahoo News . The application “ assessed ” that this corroborating account did not originate with Christopher Steele . In fact , it did : Steele themselves leaked the information to Yahoo News .
* The memo casually notes that “ the FBI had separately authorized payment to Steele for the same information. ” This is news to me . It has been reported that Steele sought funding from the FBI , but I believe prior reports have been to the effect that the Bureau refused . Was the FBI paying Steele , known to be working for the Hillary Clinton campaign ?
* Steele was terminated as an FBI source for leaking to news outlets about their relationship with the Bureau . The memo says that Steele should have been terminated for the same reason in September , before the first FISA application , because of other news media contacts , “ but Steele improperly concealed from and lied to the FBI about those contacts . ”
* Bruce Ohr 's involvement is even worse than we thought . In September 2016 , according to the FBI 's files , Steele told Ohr that they “ was desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about them not being president. ” The FBI hid this from the FISA court . Not only that , Ohr 's wife went to work for Fusion GPS and was part of the opposition research effort against candidate Trump . “ Ohr later provided the FBI with all of their wife 's opposition research , paid for by the DNC and Clinton campaign via Fusion GPS . The Ohrs ' relationship with Steele and Fusion GPS was inexplicably concealed from the FISC . ”
* At the time of the FBI 's initial application for a FISA warrant in October , its effort to corroborate Steele 's report was in its “ infancy , ” according to the Bureau . Subsequently , an FBI report characterized Steele 's dossier as “ only minimally corroborated. ” Nonetheless , in January 2017 James Comey purported to “ brief ” president-elect Trump on the contents of Steele 's fake report , at which time the report was leaked to the press .
* The memo ends with a brief reference to George Papadopoulos , who had a slight relationship to Trump 's campaign . FBI agent Peter Strzok opened a counterintelligence investigation into Papadopoulos in July 2016 .
The Intelligence Committee memo obviously outlines a major scandal that indicts principal figures in the FBI , including James Comey , Andrew McCabe , and Sally Yates and Rod Rosenstein , unless the latter two officials were unaware of the fraud that was being perpetrated on the federal court . Whether some of those involved should go to prison would require a careful examination of relevant federal statutes .
The memo leaves much unsaid . The timing is unclear , at least to me . It sounds as though the FBI continued to renew its FISA warrant long after it had terminated its relationship with Steele and knew , or should have known , that their information was bogus . Why ? Did the FBI tell the FISA court in these renewal applications that it had terminated its relationship with Steele , or that it had been unable to corroborate their claims ? Presumably not .
Also , we do n't know what was done with the information that was collected about Carter Page–and , of course , about anyone with whom they communicated . This is where the enormous number of “ unmasking ” requests by Obama officials like Susan Rice come in . Did the Obama administration use the ill-gotten FISA warrants to spy , not only on Carter Page , but on others who had some relationship with Trump , or even Trump himself ? Did the Obama administration pass information obtained from improper surveillance on to the Clinton campaign , or leak it to the press after the election ?
The Intelligence Committee memo is a major step forward , but we have not yet gotten to the bottom of what happened in the heavily-politicized Department of Justice and FBI .
KILLERS OF THE FLOWER MOON : The Osage Murders and the Birth of the FBI , by David Grann . Doubleday , 338 pp. , $ 28.95 .
The Osage Indians called the murder spree the Reign of Terror . In the early 1920s , some two dozen men and women of the Oklahoma tribe were killed . Well-meaning whites who tried to bring justice to the Osage also were killed . Only the intervention of the FBI and its hard-charging new director , J. Edgar Hoover , ended the crime wave and brought the perpetrators to justice .
In “ Killers of the Flower Moon : The Osage Murders and the Birth of the FBI , ” David Grann , a staff writer at The New Yorker and author of “ The Lost City of Z , ” brings their acclaimed storytelling powers to this sinister true story of corruption , death , secrets and shadows . Grann 's reporting and archival sleuthing ballast a powerful account , which , at its best , evokes the noirish worlds of the movies “ Chinatown ” and “ L.A . Confidential . ”
Like the water in “ Chinatown , ” another precious commodity — oil — prompted the bad deeds here . The rocky , barren terrain of northeastern Oklahoma , where the Osage were pushed by the U.S. government in the 19th century , actually sat atop a vast reservoir of oil , which by the early '20s had made the tribe fantastically rich . And , as Grann reveals , targets for murder .
Among them was the family of Mollie Burkhart , whose mother , Lizzie , was poisoned . Then their sisters perished : Anna Brown was found shot to death in 1921 , and the house of Rita Smith and their husband was bombed in 1923 . Corrupt local authorities made little headway . Bad police work — botched autopsies , lost evidence , buried leads — was a deliberate strategy , Grann suggests , to shield the killers .
The Osage implored the federal government to intervene . The initial FBI investigation faltered until Hoover , fearful of a scandal and looking to expand their power , brought in Tom White , a former Texas Ranger whose skills proved vital to the investigation . White found themselves up against a mountain of hearsay and misinformation , “ his work more akin to espionage than to criminal investigation. ” The dearth of concrete evidence left many cases unsolved . But White 's team of undercover operatives , with the help of criminal informants , homed in on the murders of Brown and Smith .
What White discovered was troubling , and pointed directly to Mollie 's own husband , Ernest , a white man .
Grann does an admirable job explaining the fiendish complexities and racial undertones of what happened , and the role oil played in the plot Ernest and their brother , Bryan , concocted with their powerful rancher uncle , William Hale , the “ King of the Osage Hills , ” who posed as a friend of the Indians .
advertisement | advertise on newsday
In reality , they were a monster . Hale commissioned the killings of Mollie 's family in an attempt to direct their oil rights , which could only be inherited , into Mollie 's possession , and thus to Ernest on their death . Hale also was implicated in several other murders .
The resulting trials were headline-makers . But this is only the beginning of Grann 's revelations . With the convictions of Ernest Burkhart and Hale , the FBI considered the Osage matter , which Hoover used to show off the prowess of the bureau in its first major homicide investigation , closed . But for the Osage themselves , questions remained .
The last section of “ Killers of the Flower Moon ” is a haunting exploration of the legacy of these crimes , and a first-person account of Grann 's encounters with Mollie 's granddaughter and other tribe members , as well as their exacting , even fanatical , research . As Grann discovers a pattern of mysterious deaths that extends far beyond the official tally , a sense of creeping dread takes hold of the reader and never lets go .
It was all mixed up with the murk of the so-called “ Indian business. ” The federal government exercised tyrannical control , down to the penny , over how the Osage spent their funds . Guardians — prominent white citizens , ranchers , politicians and lawyers , men like William Hale — oversaw a system that left some of its wards in dire need . ‘ Your money draws 'em and you 're absolutely helpless , ” one Osage told a reporter in the '20s . “ They have all the law and all the machinery on their side . ”
Grann 's closing pages are gripping — and downright frightening . Poring over ledgers and other records , Grann finds an unnaturally high rate of death among the Osage . Some died from natural causes ; but many more , the author very plausibly argues , by nefarious means . Hale “ might have led the bloodiest and longest killing spree . But there were countless other killings . . . [ that ] were never investigated or even classified as homicides. ” In “ Killers of the Flower Moon , ” malevolence itself stalks the land .
Dreams of a deep U.S. Open Cup run came crashing down in California 's capitol city .
Real Salt Lake , which featured several second-string players and several Real Monarchs call-ups , lost in its 2017 Open Cup debut Wednesday night 3-1 against USL side Sacramento Republic FC . Struggles in RSL 's regular-season form bled into Open Cup play , even after head coach Mike Petke voiced warnings this week of MLS clubs often being upset early in the tournament .
Turns out , RSL is the latest victim .
Trevin Caesar gave Sacramento its first lead of the match in the 28th minute . A long cross from James Kiffie soared over players in the box , but Sacramento 's Danny Barrera headed the ball across the face of goal before it went out . The ball squirted through traffic to an unmarked Caesar whose right-footed shot hit the back of the net .
As Bill Monaghan prepares to become the first coach to lead West Perth in 200 matches , they tell The WAFL Show of the tough call they need to make about their future and identifies the best player at the club in their time .
VICTORIA — A former Olympic rower who mysteriously disappeared for nearly 18 months has been sentenced to 13 months in jail after pleading guilty to fraud .
Harold Backer pleaded guilty Wednesday in Victoria provincial court to a single charge of fraud over $ 5,000 .
The three-time Olympian had been facing two charges of fraud over $ 5,000 and had pleaded not guilty on both counts .
Judge Carmen Rogers also gave the former investment dealer three years of probation . In an agreed statement of facts , Backer promised to pay restitution of $ 161,900 to five people .
By The Associated Press
tx <
$ vscores1 <
Sunday 's Women 's Basketball Scores
By The Associated Press
EAST
Binghamton 67 , NJIT 36 <
Brown 83 , Colgate 73 <
Delaware 84 , Delaware St. 49 <
Hartford 59 , Bryant 47 <
LIU Brooklyn 72 , Lehigh 69 <
Rutgers 101 , Fairleigh Dickinson 35 <
Seton Hall 73 , Boston College 53 <
UMass 81 , St. Peter 's 65 <
Villanova 69 , Temple 65 <
Wagner 60 , Longwood 43 <
West Virginia 101 , Coppin St. 43 <
MORE
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
KARACHI : Former federal minister and senior leader of the Pakistan People 's Party ( PPP ) Dr Asim Hussain returned to Karachi from London on Friday , where they had gone for medical treatment last month .
“ Nawaz Sharif ! The war that you are raging with our military leadership is not good for Pakistan , ” Dr Asim , who was released in May after being held in the custody of Sindh Rangers and law enforcement agencies for 19 months , warned the ousted prime minister and president of the ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz ( PML-N ) .
“ The military leadership belongs to Pakistan . It belongs to the nation and is from among the people . We are standing with the military leadership . We will protect every inch [ of the country ] . Move away from this war , otherwise the nation and the PPP will make an example out of you , ” they said .
“ They used to say that Dr Asim will run away , but Dr Asim belongs to the PPP . They are not among those who run away , ” they said . “ Nawaz Sharif , I want to tell you that you and your family can run away , but we will not leave Pakistan . ”
The former minister also accused Sharif of “ breaking ” Pakistan and attempting to carve out “ Greater Punjab ” , so that they could “ own ” it .
“ Our co-chairperson has also mentioned this and we are sure that they [ Sharif ] wants to do this , ” they said , answering a question on whether they thought Sharif actually wanted to create a ‘ Greater Punjab ' .
PARIS ( AP ) — French baby milk maker Lactalis has ordered a global recall of millions of products over fears of salmonella bacteria contamination .
The company , one of the largest dairy groups in the world , said it has been warned by health authorities in France that 26 infants have become sick since Dec. 1 .
Company spokesperson Michel Nalet told The Associated Press on Monday that the “ precautionary ” recall both in France and abroad affects “ several million ” products made since mid-February .
Lactalis said in a statement it is “ sincerely sorry for the concern generated by the situation and expresses its compassion and support to the families whose children fell ill . ”
The company said a possible source of the outbreak has been identified in a tower used to dry out the milk at a production site in May . Disinfection and cleaning measures have been put in place at the suspected site in western France .
The health scare started earlier this month when Lactalis was told that 20 infants under six months of age had been diagnosed with salmonella infection . The company ordered a first recall that has been extended to more products at the request of French authorities following new cases of infections .
Lactalis employs 75,000 people in 85 countries , with a turnover of 17 billion euros ( $ 20 billion ) .
The symptoms of salmonella infection include abdominal cramps , diarrhea and fever .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Hazara community leader says number much higher than that
At least 509 Hazaraz were killed and 627 were injured in terror-related incidents in Quetta during the last five years , said a report of the National Commission for Human Rights ( NCHR ) on Monday .
The report titled ‘ Understanding the Agonies of Ethnic Hazaraz ' based on the data shared by the Balochistan home department lists the incidents of attacks on the Hazara community from January 2012 to Dec 2017 .
However , regional head of Hazara Democratic Party ( HDP ) contradicts the NHCR report , saying the actual figure is much higher than the one quoted in the report . “ More than 200 Hazaraz were killed only in two suicide attacks in this period , ” Bostan Ali Kishmand said .
According to the NHCR report , suicide attacks , targeted killings , and bomb blasts have adversely affected the daily life , education , and business activities of the ethnic community in Quetta .
Target killings forced Hazara students to abandon their education , an NHCR official said .
Regarding the security of the community , the report , however , mentions that 19 platoons of Frontier Corps were deployed at Marri Abad and Hazara Town—the areas where Hazara community largely reside— for the protection of the community .
Moreover , law enforcement officials continue to provide security to thousands of Shia pilgrims travelling from Quetta to Taftan in the aftermath of repeated acts of terrorism , read the NCHR report .
The report ruled out any conflict of the community with Baloch and Pashtun communities in the region . It quoted a National Party senator , Kabir Muhammad Shahi , saying that “ there has been no issue of Balochs or Pashtuns with Hazaraz in Balochistan ” .
Similarly , the report also quoted Pakhtunkhwa Milli Awami Party ( PkMAP ) Senator Usman Kakar , who said , Pashtuns have always helped the Hazara community and would do continue to do so .
The report highlighted the role of media towards the persecution of the Hazara community in Balochistan . The respondents in the report said that international media is more supportive rather than national media .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The American workplace is grueling , stressful and surprisingly hostile .
So concludes an in-depth study of 3,066 U.S. workers by the Rand Corp. , Harvard Medical School and the University of California , Los Angeles . Among the findings :
Nearly one in five workers — a share the study calls “ disturbingly high ” — say they face a hostile or threatening environment at work , which can include sexual harassment and bullying . Workers who have to face customers endure a disproportionate share of abuse .
Nearly 55 percent say they face “ unpleasant and potentially hazardous ” conditions .
Nearly three quarters say they spend at least a fourth of their time on the job in “ intense or repetitive physical ” labor . “ I was surprised at how physically demanding jobs were , ” says lead author Nicole Maestas , a Harvard Medical School economist .
Telecommuting is rare : 78 percent say they are required to be present in their workplace during working hours .
Only 38 percent say their jobs offer good prospects for advancement . And the older they get , the less optimistic they become .
About half say they work on their own time to meet the demands of their job .
“ Wow — ( work ) is pretty taxing place for many people , ” Maestas says . “ I was surprised by how pressured and hectic the workplace is . ”
In many cases , less-educated workers endure tougher working conditions . For example , fewer than half of men without college degrees can take a break whenever they want to , compared to more than 76 percent of men with college degrees . Likewise , nearly 68 percent of men without degrees spend at least a fourth of their time moving heavy loads .
Maestas wonders whether toxic working conditions are keeping Americans out of the labor force . The percentage of Americans who are working or looking for work — 62.9 percent in July — has not returned to pre-recession levels and is well below its 2000 peak of 67.3 percent .
The unemployment rate is at a 16-year low , and many employers complain they ca n't fill jobs .
“ There 's a message for employers here , ” Maestas says . “ Working conditions really do matter . ”
Not everything about American workplaces is grim . Workers enjoy considerable autonomy : more than 80 percent say they get to solve problems and try out their own ideas . Moreover , 58 percent say their bosses are supportive , and 56 percent say they have good friends at work .
The first-time survey of Americans ages 25-71 was carried out in 2015 . It is similar to a long-running European survey , and researchers plan to conduct another survey next year and eventually to draw comparisons between U.S. and European working conditions .
1:23
Frank Martin says there are different ways to be a leader . Who will step forward ?
LANDOVER , Md . ( AP ) — There they were on a late November afternoon , seemingly headed in opposite directions : Aaron Rodgers and the Green Bay Packers were 4-6 and losers of four games in a row ; Kirk Cousins and the Washington Redskins were 6-3-1 and winners of six of eight .
Right after the Packers were beaten by the Redskins by 18 points in Week 11 , Rodgers insisted , bereft of much supporting evidence , “ I 'm very optimistic . ”
Turned out they knew what they were talking about .
And Cousins declared , “ It 's great to be playing the way we 're playing . ”
Advertisement
Turned out it did n't last .
Since then ? The Packers ( 10-6 ) reeled off six consecutive victories , with Rodgers throwing 15 TD passes and zero interceptions , capped by a 31-24 win at the Detroit Lions on Sunday night to win the NFC North . The Redskins ( 8-7-1 ) lost four of their last six games , capped by an inexplicably listless 19-10 defeat against the visiting , nothing-at-stake-for-them New York Giants to blow a playoff berth .
“ Just have to find a way to get it done . That 's what good teams do , ” Washington defensive end Chris Baker said in a quiet locker room . “ We just were n't good enough this year . ”
With so much at stake , the Redskins were flat as can be against the Giants , who already were locked into the NFC 's No . 5 seed . Washington looked like the team with nothing to play for , trailing 10-0 at halftime . After tying it at 10-all , then falling behind 13-10 , the Redskins let their last real chance slip away when Cousins was intercepted by Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie for the second time .
“ I 'm going to go into this offseason with a hunger that has always been there , ” Cousins vowed after throwing two picks against New York , “ but certainly , when the season ends this way , it will be there and it will be strong . ”
The playoffs begin next weekend without the Redskins :
— Saturday : Raiders at Texans , Lions at Seahawks .
— Sunday : Dolphins at Steelers , Giants at Packers .
Awaiting the winners of those games will be the top seeds : No . 1 Patriots and No . 2 Chiefs in the AFC , No . 1 Cowboys and No . 2 Falcons in the NFC .
In case you missed it , here are the other top topics after the NFL season 's last regular-season Sunday :
MVP ?
Rodgers could wind up as the MVP , as could Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott or Falcons QB Matt Ryan . But given that the main story line heading into the season involved Tom Brady 's four-game “ Deflategate ” suspension , it somehow would be fitting for them to wind up with the honor . They finished off the best TD-INT rate for a season in NFL history — 28-2 — as the Patriots ( 14-2 ) beat Miami 35-14 . Plus , Brady tied Peyton Manning 's career record of 51 games with three or more touchdown passes and zero interceptions .
SEE YA
More coaches on the way out : Chip Kelly ( San Francisco ) and Mike McCoy ( San Diego ) were fired , while Gary Kubiak resigned because of health concerns one year after leading Denver to a Super Bowl championship . Adds those openings to earlier exits of Jeff Fisher in Los Angeles , Gus Bradley in Jacksonville , and Rex Ryan in Buffalo .
ROMO RETURNS
Playing in the regular season for the first time in more than a year , Tony Romo threw a TD pass in limited duty in place of the man who replaced them as Dallas ' QB , Dak Prescott . The Cowboys lost 27-13 to the Eagles in a completely meaningless game , while Romo got a brief chance to show they could help in the postseason if needed .
QB TROUBLE
Could be quite a quarterback matchup when Oakland plays at Houston in the playoffs . That 's because the Raiders , already without Derek Carr because of a broken leg , saw backup Matt McGloin hurt their shoulder injury in Sunday 's 24-6 loss at the Broncos , leaving rookie Connor Cook — they of zero NFL starts — under center . And the Texans , who recently benched expensive free agent Brock Osweiler for Tom Savage , are n't sure which will play next week . Savage started Houston 's 24-17 loss at Tennessee , left to be evaluated for a concussion after a QB sneak , returned after being cleared , then was held out again in the second half .
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Howard Fendrich on Twitter : http : //twitter.com/HowardFendrich
At St. Clare Parish 's blood drive on Sunday , dozens rolled up a sleeve to help save a life .
Online entertainment ticketing platform BookMyShow has been touted as one of the best apps of 2017 on both Google PlayStore and on Apple 's App Store .
Parikshit Dar , Director , BookMyShow said , `` At its heart , BookMyShow is a simple product that provides a simple solution to pertinent problems that users like you and I face related to entertainment experiences . In all our endeavors , we continue to identify and solve these problems to create an unmatched experience for our users . We are absolutely thrilled that our efforts this year have not just beloved by our users but also recognized by both Google and Apple . ''
BookMyShow , with its mobile-first approach , continues to drive over 75 percent of total transactions through mobile ( apps and mobile web ) .
On Apple 's App Store , BookMyShow featured in their Best of 2017 list in its Trends of the Year section that featured App Store editors ' most download-worthy games and apps globally based on topics and trends that were popular on the App store throughout the year . BookMyShow was recognized as an app which helps people get more done each day through time-saving personal services that continue to evolve .
BookMyShow continued to seamlessly handle thousands of booking requests at once for mega concerts like Ed Sheeran Live in Mumbai , tickets for which were sold out in a matter of 48 minutes !
BookMyShow improved the post-purchase experience of the users by engaging with them through video and audio content ( Jukebox ) hosted on BookMyShow . The discovery of experiences was also made easier with an introduction of many new filters and improved search option , it added .
The ticketing app focused on improving user experience on its platform and some major visible innovations included the rollout of Jukebox- BookMyShow 's audio entertainment service , becoming the first Indian entertainment ticketing player to be a part of WhatsApp for Business pilot wherein WhatsApp replaced SMS as a ticket confirmation channel and rolling out the app in additional vernacular languages taking the total regional language count to 8 .
National Liberation Army of Colombia ( ELN ) Colombian President Postponing Historic Talks With ELN Rebels Until Hostage Released
MOSCOW ( Sputnik ) — According to the ministry 's statement , the army was conducting an operation in the town of Montecristo , located in northern Colombia .
`` The ELN continued to infringe international human rights with the continued forced recruitment of underage recruits , '' the statement quoted by BBC news said .
On Saturday , the ELN released business person Octavio Figueroa , held in captivity since March 2016 .
ELN is the second-largest rebel group in Colombia after the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia — People 's Army ( FARC ) , fighting against the government for many decades . The Colombian authorities have repeatedly tried to launch talks with the rebel group , however , all attempts failed .
In early December 2016 , the Colombian government said that peace talks with ELN would be postponed till January 10 .
WILSON , N.C. ( AP ) - The family of a Pennsylvania woman is seeking the public 's help after they disappeared after a stay at a North Carolina motel .
The Wilson Times reports local police say 32-year-old Sianeh Togbah Sherman stayed at a Sleep Inn near Interstate 95 on April 9 . Family members say they were last in contact with them on April 10 , and said they were in good spirits . The family says they were pursuing a modeling career .
Sherman is the mother of a 3-year-old and a 5-year-old . They are from Atglen , about 55 miles ( 88 km ) west of Philadelphia .
Officers found Sherman 's belongings in the hotel room . Police say Sherman was driving a 2005 Volkswagen Touraeg with a Pennsylvania license plate .
Wilson police are working with the Pennsylvania State Police in the case .
___
Information from : The Wilson Daily Times , http : //www.wilsondaily.com
The Cayman Islands Airports Authority ( CIAA ) told Cayman 27 disability access features are incorporated in its newly-opened ticketing area .
Airports Authority CEO Albert Anderson said the new airport took wheelchair accessibility to account with one simple , but much-appreciated feature built in to the check-in counter itself .
“ The regular counter height is for those of us who are not disabled but we also were very careful to install the lower counter height for people who may be in wheelchairs or not able to reach the higher counter , so that was a big consideration for us in the design phase , ” said Mr. Anderson .
They said the airport is also adding signage to highlight its accessible amenities , these will include braille signs for the restrooms .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Print
The term artificial flavor refers to a material which adds flavor and taste to the food product , and which is derived from different sources . The flavors industry has achieved remarkable growth in the beverages and processed food segment in the past few years . This has brought about positive changes to the vegetable and fruit ingredients market growth . Beverages and food ( which differs according to the provinces ) play an important role in the processed food industry . Flavors can be mainly classified as synthetic and natural flavors . Natural flavors are manufactured from edible substances such as vegetables , fruits , and leaves , and synthetic flavors are manufactured from inedible substances such as petroleum and are processed in labs to create flavors through different chemicals .
Any substance or food has a sensory impression called as Flavor , which is determined by senses of smell and taste . The natural identical flavoring is less expensive and great opportunity for manufactures of flavors . With the rise of food industry and restaurants , the flavors sales has increased in the food sector .
Request For Report Brochure For Latest Industry Insights @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=34457
The food flavor market thrives on different factors such as increasing demand for natural and clean-label products ( due to adulteration of food and harmful effects of adulterated food on the human body ) . Artificial flavors are made of harmful chemicals , these chemicals have ill effect on human body , the products should be made considering health benefits and maintaining the taste of the food product . The major factor restraining the food flavor market is lacking stability and higher cost . Flavors made of natural ingredients are expensive because of their quality and the products used to prepare them . However , this market has opportunities for growth during the forecast period , in terms of new source of raw materials , Greenfield ventures in Asia Pacific and Latin America , and increasing number of color shades and multifunctional flavors , maintaining the taste and quality of the flavors used . Yet , this market still has to deal with challenges related to lack of transparency in patent protection laws .
Flavors have major share in the food industry , and are at the threshold of remarkable growth . The market can be characterized as technical , innovative , and specialized in nature . Growth of the flavors market is driven by changed lifestyle of consumers , higher demand for food which is convenient , and development of the global beverage industry in terms of safe and packaging logistics , for example , self-chilling beverage cans . However , raw material prices , bargaining power of suppliers and customers , price pressure , and high entry barriers on manufacturers hampers market growth . Small-scale industries expanding by developing technical service centers and facilities in various regions provide opportunities for growth of the market . This growth strategy is crucial for smaller companies , enabling them to expand their technical capability through precise research and development infrastructure provided by key players in the industry .
Obtain Report Details @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/food-flavors-market.html
The food flavor market is segmented by type , application , and region . Segmentation of the market by type includes caramel , carotenoids , anthocyanins , natural extracts , aroma chemicals , and essential oils and other types . These flavors are used for various purposes and in various sectors of the food industry , in beverages such as soft drinks and artificial juices , in bakeries , confectionery , dairy and frozen products , meat products , and savories and snacks , for example instant noodles , soups , salad , condiments , dressings , and sauces and chips . Furthermore , the market is segmented by regions into North America , Europe , Asia Pacific , South America , and Middle Eas & Africa .
Key players in the food flavor market are Archer Daniels Midland Company , Royal DSM N.V. , Kerry Group PLC , FMC Corporation , International Flavors & Fragrances Inc , Symrise AG , Sensient Technologies Corporation , Takasago International Corporation , Givaudan SA , and Chr . Hansen Holding A/S .
MOSCOW ( Sputnik ) — The migration process in France should be controlled due to economic and social situation in the country , presidential candidate and former Prime Minister Francois Fillon said Tuesday .
`` Migration should be regulated , because our economic and social situation does not allow us to accept as many people as want to come to us , '' Fillon told Europe1 radio , adding that , in particular , it was necessary to take in foreign students and doctors .
The candidate offered to introduce an annual parliamentary vote , which will decide on the migrant quota .
Fillon stressed that not migration , but the abandoning of national interests poses a threat to the identity of France .
`` If we are proud of our identity , if we defend it , if we protect our history , it simplifies the process of integration of the foreigners , '' Fillon concluded .
According to the recent polls , Fillon 's support rate amounts to some 19.5 percent , falling behind independent candidate Emmanuel Macron 's 23 percent and far-right candidate Marine Le Pen 's 22.5 percent .
LONDON ( AP ) - Prince Charles says it is a `` great joy '' to be a grandfather once again , issuing a statement to express their pleasure with the arrival of a boy to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge .
The 8-pound , 7-ounce ( 3.8 kilogram ) boy was born Monday morning . The new prince is fifth in line to the throne and is a younger brother to 4-year-old Prince George and Princess Charlotte , who turns 3 next week .
Charles said in a statement Tuesday that `` it is a great joy to have another grandchild , the only trouble is I do n't know how I am going to keep up with them . ''
The birth is being marked by bell ringing at Westminster Abbey and a gun salute in London 's Hyde Park .
Posted 7 hours ago
Deputy President William Ruto has urged communities living along the Elgeyo-Marakwet and West Pokot border to maintain peace as they usher in the New
To Damien Nelson , the spring of 2018 means more than just looking forward to graduation . The senior sprinter has a chance to do what 's never been done before . According to the Montana High School Association , nobody in Class AA has ever three-peated in the 100 meter dash .
`` I figure why not ? It 's my last year , put it all out there , '' Damien said .
`` He 's been a leader . They were kind of thrust into the role as a sophomore , '' explained Rustlers head track and field coach Mike Henneberg . `` There are not many sophomore boys that are 100 meter champs . ''
Over the course of their career , he 's only gotten faster - holding a PR of 10.7 seconds .
`` Winning the championship , how young they are , was pretty impressive and they carried that through their junior year and hopefully their senior year , '' said teammate Tucker Greenwell .
`` He 's had to grow up quick but they did and he 's handled it well , '' Coach Henneberg added .
This season wo n't be the last the Treasure State will see of Damien . Come this fall , he 'll put on their football pads to join the MSU-Northern Lights .
`` It really felt like a place of family , '' Damien explained . `` It feels like they take care of you and they really do care about who they have down there . ''
But for now - he 'll work to uphold their reputation of speed and determination .
`` He 's the fastest kid in the state , '' Greenwell said . `` He 's gon na be again this year . ''
`` I hope that they see their work ethic and see their commitment to the program , '' Coach Henneberg mentioned . `` I hope that they look at their attitude and remember that they were always a positive kid and was someone who was always very dependable and that you could count on . ''
Sam Adamson at The Pint Shop in Cambridge
The Duchess and Duke of Cambridge at Easter
Best fish and chip shops in Cambridge
Five adorable dogs looking for a home
We take a look around the new Stir bakery
Ben Blowes is running the London Marathon with a
What are the healthiest Easter eggs out there ?
Food hygiene inspections : what you need to know
Twelve of our favourite villages in Cambridgeshire
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Most buskers provide a soundtrack during the rush-hour commute or while you 're shopping in the busy streets of Cambridge , playing a guitar or singing , but others have taken to doing it in a more unusual way .
As summer approaches , more unique buskers , along with street performers , start emerging in a bid to entertain passers-by .
They vary each year but they 're not too hard to come by in the city .
Here 's our pick of the ones to keep an eye our for .
1 . Charlie Cavey
Charlie , or the 'bin man ' as people tend to call him , has been busking for about 16 years and is something of an institution in Cambridge .
The 36-year-old squeezes themselves into a tiny , bespoke , metal bin to sing and play their guitar .
Based in Trumpington Street , Charlie attracts crowds of people who are almost always shocked to discover them there .
And he 's actually good too , typically playing 20 minute sets about six times a day .
2 . Bryan Bryn
Labelled as 'Britain 's the most tuneless busker ' or 'crazy saw man ' , 82-year-old Bryan travels from their home in Ely to Cambridge to perform their street shows .
Bryan , who can usually be found in Market Street , plays an old saw with a nail and sings sea shanties and folk songs .
The former carpenter , who has been playing the saw for years , tends to earn about £10 in an afternoon .
`` I know it 's more usual to play the saw like a violin with a bow - but I use an old nail to bang it instead , '' they said .
3 . Ray Brennan
Irishman Ray could be Cambridge 's answer to Ronan Hardiman , who - if you do n't know - is famous for their soundtracks to Michael Flatley 's show Lord of the Dance .
The 58-year-old plays country , folk-esque songs with their guitar while playing a cow bell and other percussive instruments with their feet .
Catch them down Garret Hostel Lane or outside the clubs late at night , where I 'm sure he 'll provide a more than adequate alternative to the sweet sounds of Beyonce .
4 . Pete the Harpist
( Photo : Tom Webb )
You 're not often blessed with the uplifting , soft sound of a harp on the streets - but you are in Cambridge .
He 's not seen as regularly anymore , but you may find them in Trinity Street or Sidney Street .
5 . Siana C-R
If you 're looking for a hula-hoop expert , then look no further . University student Siana C-R is coming back to the city this summer .
Siana can be spotted wandering around the city with their hula-hoops and dancing to other performer 's music .
It 's difficult to pin-point their exact location , but Sidney Street would be a good bet .
6 . The Antipoet
Punk pairing Paul Eccentric and Ian Newman are described as 'prolific propagators and propagandists ' for poetry .
Armed with a double bass and leather skirts , the band 's songs could be summed up by their most famous lyrics - `` I like girls but I look a bit like one . ''
Like Siana , it will be difficult to pin-point their exact location , but they will be performing at this year 's Strawberry Fair .
7 . Titti Mastria
If you were a painter , normally you 'd use a paint brush . Titti uses their entire body , and dances while they do it .
Based in Italy , Titti the action painter will be travelling to Cambridge for the Strawberry Fair .
While they usually perform in the streets in their home country , it 's not certain whether she 'll be paying a visit to the city centre - yet .
8 . Phat Bollard
Six-piece band Phat Bollard are unusual in many ways - not just because one member plays a single string on top of a box .
The travelling Cornish group plays satirical music and they 're incredible .
The band may be visiting Cambridge in early June , so keep your eyes pealed .
Do you know of any unusual buskers coming to the town this summer ? Send us an email at newsdesk @ cambridge-news.co.uk .
Heading into Sunday 's Super Bowl , there is n't many Patriots and Eagles fans can agree on -- except when it comes to `` This Is Us . ''
Scroll for more content ...
As supporters of these two football teams await a bitter fight for victory , those who also happen to be fans of the NBC drama know that the episode set to premiere following the game will be a ringer .
Show creator Dan Fogelman has promised the episode will answer all the questions that have been lingering in the minds of loyal viewers about the death of Pearson family patriarch Jack ( Milo Ventimiglia ) .
The series has made the character 's demise something of a mystery , hinting only over the last two seasons Jack 's death occurs while their children are in their teen years and that it involves a house fire .
Jack 's children are played in their adult years by Sterling K. Brown , Chrissy Metz and Justin Hartley . Mandy Moore plays their mother , Rebecca .
Some are not prepared for receiving all the answers they 've been waiting for , especially after what could be an emotionally taxing football game .
Philadelphia native and Eagles fan Lewis Dacosta III , 43 , does n't plan to watch `` This Is Us , '' a show they call their weekly `` cleansing of emotions , '' after their Super Bowl cookout . When they do watch the big episode , they plan to do so alone , they tell CNN .
Ditto for Jack Ruiz of Lancaster , Pennsylvania . On Sunday , the 33-year-old is hosting a Super Bowl party , and though they joke that he 's looking forward to celebrating a win in front of the Patriots fans in their family , they know that whether their beloved Eagles win or lose , `` I wo n't be ready for the death of Jack . ''
Katy Nasiff , a Patriots fan from Gilbert , Arizona , will have their mom and dad to lean on during the episode . The 22-year-old has elaborate plans that , by their account , include yelling at the TV , dramatic tweeting and `` a lot of chocolate . ''
`` This big episode airing after the Super Bowl could go two different ways . One , the Patriots could win and everyone in my house goes from screaming and yelling to bawling . Or , the Patriots could lose and then watching Jack die will let us cry everything out , '' they told CNN . `` It could be cathartic . ''
`` This Is Us '' scored the coveted post-Super Bowl spot back in May 2017 , just months after wrapping its much-hailed first-year student season .
The show , a heart-tugging , multigenerational drama about a family 's past and present , was a natural pick for NBC .
The Emmy and Golden Globe-nominated drama has been one of NBC 's most successful scripted launches in years , yielding impressive ratings for the broadcast network , both in overnights and delayed viewing .
The most recent episode of the series marked the biggest L+7 rating ( a term used to describe the total number of live viewers , plus seven days of delayed viewing ) of any broadcast network in more than two years , growing by over 7.1 million viewers for a total of 16.6 million .
Chelsea Miller , 29 of York , Pennsylvania , usually watches each episode twice per week -- once by themselves and once with their mother . On Sunday , the Eagles fan plans to stay at their mother 's house to watch `` This Is Us '' and is preparing for any outcome .
`` I will say I was not thrilled about the episode airing after the Super Bowl at first , '' they said . `` I keep saying I 'm either going to be really happy and the show is going to bring me down or I 'm already going to be upset and that episode will just make it worse . I 'm definitely hoping for the first option though , # FlyEaglesFly ! ''
Hamilton , New Jersey , native Natalie DeAngelo is keeping their plans fluid . She 'll only intend to watch `` This Is Us '' after the Super Bowl `` if my mental and emotional state can take it , '' they said .
For the game , she 'll be at their family 's favorite pub in town , wearing the exact same outfit they did during the playoffs and carrying the blanket they cuddled during them , too . She 's superstitious .
`` Honestly , I think I 'm going to take a half day at work on Monday and go in at 1 p.m. '' they said . `` I might need to sleep in a little bit . ''
Narratively , the timing of the show 's big episode could n't have worked out better .
Jack and Rebecca 's love for the Pittsburg Steelers has been a plot point of the show since early in its run , and it 's been made clear that their love for football was passed on to their children .
Moreover , the fire that is believed to be responsible or related to Jack 's death occurs after the family goes to bed on Super Bowl Sunday . The show 's most recent episode revolved around the events of that day .
The connection was not lost on DeAngelo , who has a theory -- but not about Jack 's death .
`` I 'd like to think that Jack and Rebecca would be supporting the Eagles in this Super Bowl , considering they support a fellow Pennsylvania team and the Patriots are a conference rival to the Steelers , '' they said .
`` This Is Us '' airs immediately following the Super Bowl postgame show . DVRing viewers are advised to plan accordingly , should the game run long .
Fostoria
miscellaneous
Tuesday :
• Caller advised of a female subject who appeared to be passed out in a vehicle on West Tiffin Street with a baby in the backseat . Officer spoke to subject who was just texting ; they were in the residence and everything was OK .
• Complainant reported a bunch of juveniles is playing in the roadway at Sycamore and South Wood streets . Juveniles were gone upon officers arrival ; would check back the following day in case they were students waiting on a bus .
• Caller advised of a canine running around on North Countyline Street . Officer was unable to catch the dog ; problem is ongoing and the dog warden was notified .
• Caller stated they were washing their vehicle at a Plaza Drive car wash and their vehicle became scratched . Officer advised the vehicle was larger than what was recommended ; advised of options .
Monday :
• Complainant requested an officer to a South Countyline Street address regarding harassing text messages ; upon callback , the complainant advised it was their mother-in-law messing around .
• Caller reported juveniles entered a vacant North Poplar Street residence . Officer spoke with juveniles and noted the door was not able to be secured and windows were busted out ; a message was left for the zoning department .
• A Maple Street caller complained of loud music coming from a North Main Street location ; stated it had been going on for five hours . Officer spoke with subject about ordinance and the music was turned off .
• Officer assisted in a vehicle unlock on South Main Street .
• Complainant advised of a canine wrapped around a post on North Union Street that had been there for several hours with no food or water . Officer was unable to contact the owner ; a message was left for the humane society .
• Caller requested to speak to an officer regarding a female subject who came into their place of employment on East Lytle Street and threw pop all over them Charges are pending .
• Subject came on station requesting to speak to an officer in reference to their juvenile daughter missing ; incident was canceled as the daughter was located .
• An East Crocker Street complainant reported their husband was attacking their juvenile son . Caller and child were transported to another location ; male subject was intoxicated and there were conflicting stories .
fire runs
Monday :
• EMS was requested for a female subject having seizure in the 200 block of South Main Street at 2:18 p.m .
• Squad was dispatched at 9:08 p.m. for a male subject who was bleeding in the 300 block of West Culbertson Street .
Seneca County
miscellaneous
Tuesday :
• Deputies met with New Riegel Police Department regarding a letter they received from an out-of-state individual .
Monday :
• Caller advised of a disabled vehicle at South County Road 7 and West U.S. 224 ; stated it was a bad spot . Deputy unable to locate .
• Findlay Police Department requested deputies make contact with a subject at a West County Road 59 address . No one was home ; deputy left a note on the door .
Comments
comments
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Two further incidents on the A14 are causing delays for drivers in both directions .
Earlier a lorry left the westbound carriageway near Bar Hill , prompting drivers to slow down and look at it as they passed .
Now two other incidents are compounding the queues , at Fenstanton and between Histon and Milton .
At Fenstanton , a lorry broke down eastbound near junction 27 , with tailbacks of up to four miles reported .
Between Histon and Milton , a single vehicle has been involved in an accident westbound , partially blocking one lane . No-one is reported to have been badly hurt .
Cambridgeshire County Council 's travel news service reported queues were not being helped by onlookers looking at the lorry in Bar Hill .
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app . It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple 's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
The night before the murders , they said , they went to see Culleton , who they claim to have dated , at their cottage on Kamaniskeg Lake , where they said they and their new boyfriend laughed at him .
Then they returned to their home , about 24 kilometres away in Palmer Rapids , Ont. , and drank rye with a neighbour while they discussed the Bible , before falling asleep on the couch .
The next morning , they borrowed a friend 's car , stopped for gas and then drove back to Culleton 's cottage .
`` I remember thinking that God is really helping me because when I went to Carol 's , Carol walked right outside , '' they say , so quietly it is at times difficult to hear , with long pauses between sentences .
`` And then I asked her , I said , 'Why do you hate me , why are you doing this to me ? ' And then they closed the door , I was right there , and then I broke the window with my elbow and I reached in and I unlocked the door . And they said , 'This is n't you , Basil , this is not you ' . ''
They said Culleton then told them a man was coming over to fix the electricity and they told them they were lying .
`` There was a , a cable , a TV coil , I picked it up and I hit them with it and I wrapped it around their head . They just kept saying 'this is not you Basil , this is not you . ' And then , then I walked around the cottage . ''
They said they found their purse and took their keys and phone and car . They threw the phone out the window as they drove so nobody could see the text message conversation they 'd had .
They drove to Kuzyk 's house , about 20 kilometres away in Wilno , Ont. , and they too walked outside before going back into their home after seeing him . They followed .
`` I asked Anastasia 'why did you lie in court ? ' and they said ' I did n't , ' and the gun went off . Because it 's just lying . ''
They said God then told them to get back in the car so they did and drove to Warmerdam 's home , about 30 kilometres west in Cormac , Ont .
`` What happened ? I just drove in , walked in the door , they were sitting there , they went around the corner , I followed them Boom . That was it and I walked out . It was funny , like I was n't even pulling the trigger on the gun , the gun was just going off . Boop . ''
Borutski at one point said the Bible makes a distinction between killing and murder and only murder is wrong because it is taking the life of someone who is innocent . That 's why , they said , they did n't shoot themselves that day , because it would have been like murdering himself .
They said that throughout much of the day they experienced an out-of-body experience and described themselves repeatedly as a `` zombie . ''
The trial resumes Tuesday .
The Canadian Press
Supercars driver Chaz Mostert ( C ) has won pole position for their team for the Bathurst 12 Hour race .
Supercars driver Chaz Mostert ( C ) has won pole position for their team for the Bathurst 12 Hour race .
Chaz Mostert has ended a golden Audi run by stealing pole position for Sunday 's Bathurst 12 Hour race .
The Supercars young gun edged out South African Kelvin Van der Linde 's Audi R8 by two tenths of a second in Saturday 's top-10 shootout , becoming the first driver of the weekend to break into 2m:01s barrier .
Mostert has declared their team every chance of claiming the race for BMW Team Schnitzer 26 years since they last visited Mount Panorama .
The German squad 's history spans 50 years , with DTM titles accompanied by world , European , British , Italian , Japanese and Asia-Pacific touring car crowns , and success in a string of major sportscar races .
Charly Lamm 's outfit last visited Australia in 1987 to contest the Bathurst round of the World Touring Car Championship . Mostert is teamed up in the factory team with Brazilian Augusto Farfus and German BMW works driver Marco Wittmann .
`` It 's pretty surreal ... for me it 's probably one of the best pole positions I 've ever had , '' Mostert said .
`` There were some pretty quick Audis so I knew we had to step it up . To do it here amongst all of this amazing talent is unreal . I am just the Aussie bogan having a go . ''
Starting on the front row of the grid gives Mostert and their teammates a key advantage with the race set to start in darkness at 5:45am .
`` It reduces the risk completely , '' Mostert said . `` In the dark here with the lights and stuff , the risk is much higher to end up out of the race . ''
The Audi of Van der Linde , Garth Tander and Frederic Vervisch had been dominant after the early practice form of Farfus in the BMW .
`` I have a theory that when the weekend starts well , you can really keep the momentum going , '' Van der Linde said . `` We have every chance tomorrow . We have a good car and a good team . ''
Reigning Supercars champion Jamie Whincup had a tough day in the Mercedes-AMG and will start from 16th on the grid .
Lee Holdsworth became a casualty in qualifying when they spun their Audi R8 on the way up the mountain , causing a lengthy red flag . Despite the heavy crash , the team has declared the car a starter for Sunday , starting from 20th on the grid .
Home Trust needed a big shot in the arm and it got two . Last month Warren Buffett came to the company 's rescue with a pivotal investment and credibility boost . And last week Home revealed the man tasked with leading the company back to profitability , its new CEO Yousry Bissada . ( More on that )
We had a chat with Yousry on Friday . I asked the questions you 'd probably ask if you were a shareholder or broker . Without any further buildup , here is that interview :
* * * * * * *
Rob : Thanks for the time , Yousry . So is this the first time you 've run a public company ?
Yousry : Yes it is . I worked for public companies…Davis and Henderson was public , TD was public , CIBC was public , but it 's the first time I 'm in this particular seat .
Rob : Have you had a chance to speak with Warren Buffett yet ?
Yousry : I have n't talked to Warren but I 've talked to Ted Weschler , who 's one of [ Berkshire Hathaway 's ] top two guys . Absolutely genuine good people who are very much behind this company , who stress regulatory compliance…Ted expressed that there 's a very important role in the Canadian marketplace to provide homes to people who ca n't otherwise [ qualify ] , so it was a terrific call . But you should also know there are other very major shareholders . I spoke to some of them and again , very much the same themes : let 's do the right thing ; let 's build the company the right way .
Rob : Anyone putting money into a company that 's had issues with fraud is likely concerned about clamping down on that sort of thing ? What 's the plan to address that ?
Yousry : I do n't start until August 3rd [ so ] I do n't want to start speculating [ on management 's plans ] . The B20 guidelines for example , there 's a team assessing it for Home . Until they do , I do n't want to say things that are incorrect about what might change in terms of products , policies , etc . The goal is to get Home to be as capable and as full-product as is possible within the risk and regulatory guidelines that we have .
Rob : Let me ask you from a personal standpoint . What is your tolerance for fraud ?
Yousry : Zero . None . I 've met the management team ever so briefly and made that statement clear . We have to be completely 100 % within the guidelines and that is one of our key pillars . The other pillar I 've talked about in the press—you might have seen in The Globe—is getting the right culture in the company . Getting people that are very customer focused , who understand the value of mortgage brokers to our life , understand the value of deposit brokers to our life . Treat them very well . Be very , very culturally focused . When it comes to risk management [ and ] regulatory risk , [ I have ] zero tolerance for anything that 's not within those guidelines .
Rob : So , clearly , rogue brokers are a small , small fraction of brokers out there , but they exist . We all know it . How concerned are you about those brokers who do n't follow the rules when it comes to documentation or whatever ? How much of a risk going forward are brokers like that ? Have we come to a point where the whole industry is just so intolerant of this activity , knowing what it can do , that the procedures and safeguards are just that much better today than they used to be ?
Yousry : Look , I ca n't speak on behalf of all lenders but at Home , we 're going to come up with…minimum standards of documentation and minimum standards of guidelines , and for us that will be what you 've got to [ abide by ] to deal with Home , because the facts have shown there is no other way but to comply by the rules…What other lenders are going to do , I do n't know…but certainly you and I know this , we 've been in the broker business for a long time . The rules and the guidelines are tougher than they were 10 years ago and tougher than the 10 years before that . I believe since 2008 , and I ca n't prove this Rob , you might be able to , but since 2008 there 's been more regulatory changes than in the prior 30 years .
Rob : Totally agree . Given the reputational challenges that Home 's gone through , why did you want to take this job ?
Yousry : I felt—and I think a lot of people in the mortgage industry shared this with me—that the nucleus of this company is there . It 's a great company….the core is there . The mortgage book is still performing extremely well . The people are very good . I like this kind of challenges…I seem to join transformation-type companies that want to go from point A to point B and it looks like an uphill line as opposed to a flat line . Kanetix was like that . Filogix was like that . Paradigm from opening day was like that . Street Capital , I was on the board [ from the beginning ] , was like that , TD merging with Canada Trust , and CIBC—it wanted to become number one in customer service when I first joined . It was in last place back then . FirstLine , an innovator in MBS and innovator in being one of the first companies in Canada to deal solely with brokers . It 's all been about taking something that is raw with a market opportunity and creating excellence to meet those opportunities . So Home ticked all those boxes . I was very interested from the second I heard they were looking for a CEO .
Rob : I mean , a guy with your skills could go a lot of places and make easier money , right ? I mean , it 's safe to say that the more challenges that you 've got to deal with the more reward and upside there is ?
Yousry : Yeah . I guess reward and upsides come with any job and are tied to how big the job is . That was not my driver . My driver is…I thought Home had a great product . I thought I have the skills to do that , given my mortgage experience in transformation and Fintech…Fintech and digital are going to be part of everybody 's life whether they like it or not . I thought I could bring that to Home . It 's an exciting job . I do n't know of a more exciting job in the mortgage industry right now and I never feared a challenge…I feel I 've gotten great support from the mortgage industry in terms of “ I 'm the guy for the job , ” and I want to go out and prove that and make people in the mortgage industry successful with Home again , because of that .
Rob : What are your top objectives in the next year with Home ?
Yousry : You and I know digital is going to be a way that consumers are going to choose either to gather information and/or to buy . As Home gets to the point where we can look at those kinds of strategies , I would like to use digital and Fintech to , first of all , service our suppliers , mortgage brokers and deposit brokers…and [ develop ] rich in content for consumers trying to find out about mortgages . The more information brokers can get off their phone , the more information depositors can get off their phone , [ the better ] . It 's [ about ] looking at the entire digital world and how it 's shaping and to try to make Home ready for that . Everybody has to be ready for it . I think any CEO now that does n't have Fintech and digital on their radar , is hiding in the old world . That is a massive part of the strategy but job one is to put us in a place where we can go and look at these things . Job one 's just to get back to being a full time and strong player in the industry .
Rob : How much is funding and solidifying additional funding sources a priority ?
Yousry : It 's another thing I 've got to look at [ and ] I do have capital market experience…We 've got to look at all of the options…What this translates to is the ability to give more choices to brokers and…securitization and the ability to have different securitizations opens up products and opens up the ability for mortgage brokers… [ history has shown ] when you 've got a lot of capital market capability you 've had successful lenders , and when you have successful lenders you have market share increases for brokers . They 're all 100 % directly related .
Rob : Obviously , rebuilding the deposits , like the high interest savings accounts and GICs , has got to be a top priority . Is that safe to say ?
Yousry : For sure . I want to get out to the deposit agents who I dealt with many years ago . Some of the players are still there , some are not , but for sure . It 's about going out and communicating what we 're doing and gain their faith back so that they 're comfortable…because it 's obviously one of the key funding strategies for Home . It was in the past . It will continue to be in the future , so we need to make sure we 're on the right path .
[ Laura Lepore , AVP Investor Relations , tell us Home is working to build a “ multi-pronged approach to funding strategy , ” adding it is “ keenly focused on the GIC market…because GICs are longer term and is how Home Capital matches funding with [ its mortgage ] book . ”
Rob : I have no doubt Home will regain much of its deposits in time , but if deposits do n't come back fast enough , is there a plan B ? Are there other ways to fund Home 's non-prime mortgages ?
Yousry : It 's hard to give answers to these unless you know the magnitude of how much do n't come back , how much do come back . We just had [ an internal ] discussion on other capital market capabilities . There are commitment lines , as you know , [ Home has ] been very public about that . We have lines that can be used instead of deposits—not our deepest source of funding but they are available to us . There are ways to mitigate [ deposits ] but…how fast people come back will drive different strategies…At the end of the day for brokers , it does n't matter how Home funds [ a mortgage ] . We just have to have a competitive product , competitive on price as best as we can , and competitive on features…
Rob : There 's been some speculation that maybe the company needs to change its brand name . Has there been any talk about that , or are you guys just going to run with Home Trust ?
Yousry : I have n't heard speculation yet but my reaction is I love the name . Home . Home Capital…I was starting a new company and someone came up with this idea , Home Trust , Home Bank , I 'd love it . Is it tainted so badly in the industry ? Unless I see facts I do n't really know…but I love the name .
Rob : Let 's talk volume bonus . I think management cut the volume bonus , perhaps to preserve funds ? Is there any talk about when brokers can expect to see the volume bonus come back ?
Yousry : I have not even opened that…Let me assess and I can give you more commentary . What I 've said to the rest of the press , Rob , and I 've got to say to you as well , I will make more comments after a quarter of being in here…I will either have a plan and I can discuss the plan or I will have a better timeframe for when the plan will be complete . And this falls in that category . As you can imagine , there are a lot of decisions that have to be made rapidly so I 've got to get in here and understand all the issues , prioritize them and get the whole team working on the same issues .
Rob : I think it was BNN the other day that made a comment that you do n't have enough risk management experience . What would you say to that ?
Yousry : First of all , I do have risk management experience . At TD , I had to have risk management… [ and ] CIBC [ and ] First Line . When I was on the board of Canadiana or Paradigm as risk chairperson , risk management was an important part of the governance of the board . Most recently I was on the board of Equity Trust . At Equity risk management was key to governance…so I have exposure from that level . But we have really good people here that worry about this all day . That 's what they do for a living and once I get in , if we need to shore up more , we will . If we 've got the right team , we wo n't . I do n't like to contradict anybody 's point of view . My style is , build the operation , build the company and let that talk for itself .
Rob : Do you think that Home Capital ever gets back to the mortgage origination volumes it once had ?
Yousry : I hope it exceeds them . It wo n't be the day after I show up , but the goal is to bring this back to where it belongs , and the example of what to do in alternative lending , to be what everybody else aspires to be .
Rob : Do you have any sense for how long that could take ? I honestly believe Home can do it but I just do n't know how long it will take . Are we talking a process of years to get back to what Home Capital used to do in mortgage originations ?
Yousry : This is where that plan comes in Rob , one a quarter from now . I 'll either have a better answer for you a quarter from now , or will have a better timeline to have an answer for you . As you can imagine , I 've met the board . I 've been interviewed . The board 's went through a rigorous process before picking me but I have n't [ started yet ] . I have n't had an opportunity to sit down and look at any part of the business yet , and that will happen as soon as I get here [ August 3 ] .
Rob : We 'll look forward to circling back for an update next quarter . Thanks again for the chat , Yousry . I know I speak for all brokers in wishing you and Home 's team the best in the quarters ahead .
Yousry : Thanks , Rob .
COVER IMAGE : The Canadian Press / Frank Gunn – Photo kindly provided by Home Trust for editorial use .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
March has brought us one blast of snow after another and more could hit us in a couple days .
It 's not the stuff spring is made of .
We head Back Down The Pennsylvania Road with Mike Stevens to 2006 , another year in which spring sputtered to a start .
Marshall Police Department says a new kind of credit card skimmer has been found in the city , visually undetectable to consumers . They say they have found three in the city so far . They shared tips for keeping your money safe , as well .
The release about these skimmers follows :
The Marshall Police Department is again warning the public about gas pump skimmers after three devices were recovered from a local gas station .
MPD detectives are currently checking other gas stations within the city for more potential skimming devices . Unlike previous advisories , these recent skimming devices are placed inside the pump itself instead of on the outside of the machine and are completely undetectable by consumers . Here are some tips of protection against gas pump skimmers :
Go inside the store to pay for gas , preferably with cash .
If you must pay at the pump , run your card as credit , NOT debit .
Purchase a gas card to use at the pumps . Criminals generally do not use the gas cards because they can only get gas instead of money from them .
Do n't rely on the security tape at the pump , these criminals have the security tape to put on the pumps .
Keep a close watch on your bank account and notify your bank immediately if you notice any suspicious activity on your account .
The exact location at which the skimmers were found is not being released , as to not hinder the business . The business was not involved in the crime and has taken all of the necessary precautions to prevent it from happening again .
The business has also already contacted the banks and is fully cooperating with police during this investigation .
Anyone with questions about this type of crime or anyone who needs to report a potential skimming device , please call the Marshall Police Department at 903-935-4575 or Detective Farnham at 903-935-4539 .
NEW YORK - ( AP ) -- Watching NFL football games on your phone used to be mainly limited to Verizon customers . Soon anyone will be able to watch football games on the go for free on Yahoo 's app , now that Verizon owns Yahoo .
But people who want to watch football through online-TV services like Sling or YouTube TV will have more problems . An NFL game on ESPN will still be blocked on the app on a phone -- and starting next season , on tablets as well , for some games , said Brian Angiolet , Verizon 's global chief media and content officer .
Verizon 's five-year deal with the NFL takes effect in January , in time for playoffs . Games will stream on the Yahoo Sports app ; Yahoo.com on mobile ( but not Yahoo.com on computers ) ; Verizon 's little-known video app , go90 ; and the NFL mobile app .
Verizon bought Yahoo in June and AOL in 2015 and wants to combine the two to build a digital ad business to rival Facebook and Google . It hopes adding more sports streaming will help grow the audience for its media business . `` Sports is the first major pillar in Verizon 's strategy . The NFL is a marquee piece of content , '' Angiolet said . Verizon will be able to sell some digital ads during games .
The NFL has had a partnership with Verizon since 2010 and has been experimenting with other ways to televise its games besides broadcast and cable TV . Amazon this year has 10 Thursday night games and a Christmas game .
0:49 Traits of a good drill instructor Pause
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook 's old lake front house
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview : 3 storylines for 2017
4:07 Gamecocks react after loss to UConn
1:23 Gamecock baseball coach Chad Holbrook sold their house , here 's what it looks like
2:09 Your rights when confronted by immigration enforcement officials
1:00 Attorney on possible illegal immigration enforcement activity in Beaufort County
1:08 President Trump nominates Neil Gorsuch for SCOTUS justice
MAKE IT A DOUBLE : Carolina Herrera has bolstered the ranks with two key hires .
Lisa Arnold has joined the company as vice president of retail and Thea Terenik is on board as vice president of global merchandising . Both executives are based in the company 's New York office and report to Emilie Rubinfeld , president of Carolina Herrera Ltd .
Arnold will handle all aspects of Carolina Herrera New York 's global retail presence with an emphasis on delivering best-in-class client service . They join the team with considerable experience in the luxury sector , most recently having spent six years at Chanel overseeing its East Coast retail division . During their career , Arnold has also held retail leadership positions at Roger Vivier , Dior and Ralph Lauren .
Terenik joins the company from Calvin Klein , where they were in charge of merchandising for both men 's and women 's ready-to-wear at Calvin Klein Collection . Prior to that , they worked in merchandising at Alexander Wang and Barneys New York . In the role of vice president of global merchandising , Terenik will head up Carolina Herrera New York 's global brand positioning and product strategy within the luxury ready-to-wear and bridal market . They have been tasked with teaming with the design team to maximize the house 's New York-based atelier and strong branding that has been rooted in the company 's heritage . Bolstering global distribution is one of their aims .
“ We are focused on building a strong and dynamic team to lead this organization and brand to reach its full potential , ” Rubinfeld said . “ Lisa and Thea are two incredibly talented executives who possess the creativity and vision to make their mark at Carolina Herrera ; additionally , they share a passion and enthusiasm for this very special brand . ”
Last week Carolina Herrera introduced another new fan of the brand — Maria Borges , who joined the ranks of Grace Elizabeth and Lily Aldridge modeling in the fall campaign shot by Mario Testino .
Ashfield Harmony 's Christmas concert will take place at The Hill Methodist Church , Kirkby-in-Ashfield on Friday , December 15 , starting at 7pm .
This is a family evening of Christmas music sung by this local , 40-strong singing group , and includes carols for everyone to join in .
Admission is free and refreshments are included at the end of the evening too .
There will also be a chance to hear Reach Out and Lend a Helping Hand , the song written by local musician , Chris Lawry , for the Framework charity , and involving many local schools and choirs , currently making a bid for the top of the charts .
This should be a wonderful way to start your Christmas festivities so do n't miss this evening .
The Premier admits many local cable providers are not meeting their requirements to offer free over the air television broadcasts to viewers . Instead of enforcing the requirement , however , they say regulator OfReg aims to get rid of it altogether .
According to current regulations , local cable providers are supposed to offer free over the air content .
“ One of the great challenges and why they have n't complied for all these years is the cost of providing the local content is just astronomical in the grand scheme of things , ” Premier Hon . Alden McLaughlin told the Legislative Assembly last week . “ So it 's still very much in the early stages but what OfReg is working on is moving everybody to the modern DTV platform . And from there it should be much easier to provide both local content and free broadcasting . ”
DTV refers to the digital television standard that is fast replacing analog television signals .
The Premier made the comments in response to a question from Bodden Town West MLA Chris Saunders , who lamented in the LA that many in Cayman will be unable to watch the World Cup for free .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Print
Brock Marshall has been identified as the victim of a horror crash on Thursday .
A TALENTED young football player found out they were selected to represent Ipswich shortly before being seriously injured in a horror crash .
Identified as one of the Fassifern Bombers rising stars in the Under 19s competition this year , Bruklan was selected in the Ipswich Diggers junior representative side .
The Diggers take on representative teams from Brisbane and the Gold Coast , with players selected from the carnival to be part of the south-east Queensland squad .
Bruklan , known as Brock or BJ by their friends , was placed in an induced coma and had part of their arm amputated after their ute collided with a truck , on Thursday .
Their family took to social media again yesterday to update the community on Bruklan 's progress .
`` Last night BJ continued to awaken from the induced coma and this morning started to react to stimulus and move their head , legs and ( right ) shoulder which indicates they may not have nerve damage or paralysis in those limbs , '' their stepfather Darren Ashworth wrote .
The 18-year-old 's mother Tracey Ashworth said football was their son 's `` whole life '' .
UPDATE : Injured teen 's family 'overwhelmed ' by support
Sending their well wishes to Bruklan and their family , Fassifern Bombers president Kent West said the club would rally behind the young football player .
`` I rang the family on Friday morning just to let them know that everyone at the club were all thinking of them at this time , '' Mr West said .
`` We wish the family all the best and we 'll just have to wait and see what we can do for them . ''
READ MORE : Man suffers life-threatening injuries as ute and truck collide
Some of the club 's members will only find out of the incident when they return to training tonight after the Easter break .
The Bombers are known as a close-knit family of players , coaches , volunteers and committee members and say they are ready to lend their support in any way possible .
`` We 've got a committee meeting ( tonight ) , '' Mr West said .
`` It 's too early to say what we 'll do as a club but we 'll be looking into ways we can help out .
`` I 'm sure the family want some privacy . It 's times like these where you do n't want 20 people turning up at the hospital . ''
Donations can be made to the family through an online fundraising page , which has already received $ 5224 in less than 24 hours .
DUBAI , United Arab Emirates ( AP ) — A deal between the United States and Qatar for F-15 fighter jets and a visit to Doha by two American warships on Thursday showed the vital military links Washington maintains with a country now in a dispute with several other Arab nations .
Qatar remains the home of some 10,000 American troops at a major U.S. military base in the Mideast . So far , the dispute between Doha and nations led by Saudi Arabia has yet to shake that partnership , though cracks are showing in responses from President Donald Trump and their administration .
Meanwhile , the United Nations agency overseeing global air travel has acknowledged receiving complaints from Qatar about other nations cutting off flying routes for its long-haul state carrier , Qatar Airways . Those cuts have seen global air travel disrupted and threatened the airline 's revenues .
In Washington , Qatari Defense Minister Khalid bin Mohammed al-Attiyah met Wednesday with U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and signed a deal for F-15 fighter jets it described as being worth $ 12 billion .
Advertisement
“ Qatar and the United States have solidified their military cooperation by having fought together side by side for many years now in an effort to eradicate terrorism and promote a future of dignity and prosperity , ” al-Attiyah said in a statement .
The U.S. military announced a similar $ 21.1 billion deal in November for 72 F-15QA fighter jets for Qatar in the waning days of the Obama administration . It was n't immediately clear if the two deals were one in the same . Qatari officials did not immediately respond to questions Thursday , though a State Department official connected the two sales .
The signing comes as Mattis has offered their support to Qatar in the past . Mattis formerly oversaw the U.S. military 's Central Command , whose forward operating base is at the vast al-Udeid Air Base in Qatar . That base serves an important role in managing the fight against the Islamic State group in Iraq and Syria , as well as war in Afghanistan .
The State Department official , speaking to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity to discuss an internal matter publicly , said the sale will take years to complete .
Meanwhile , the USS Chinook , a coastal patrol ship , and U.S. Coast Guard Cutter Baranof both were in Doha on Thursday , said Cmdr . Bill Urban of the U.S. Navy 's Bahrain-based 5th Fleet . They called the trip a “ routine port visit , ” though Qatar 's state-run news agency described the presence as being part of a “ joint exercise ” with the Qatari navy .
“ U.S . 5th Fleet ships conduct similar port visits throughout the region as part of our normal operations , ” Urban told the AP .
The crisis between Qatar and its Arab neighbors , all U.S. allies , has put America in a delicate situation . Mattis has described Qatar as “ moving in the right direction , ” while U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said called for Arab Gulf nations to remain united .
Trump , meanwhile , repeatedly has accused Qatar of funding terrorist groups , one of the main allegations levied by Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , Egypt and Bahrain when they initially cut diplomatic ties on June 5 .
Qatar long has been trying to secure its relations with the U.S. , whether through hosting the American military base or an office for the Taliban , said David B. Roberts , an assistant professor at King 's College London who recently wrote the book “ Qatar : Securing the Global Ambitions of a City-State . ”
The recent mixed message from the Trump administration , however , has it working even harder , they said .
“ Qatar long has wanted to make itself a particularly important ally for America where it can , ” Roberts said . “ It has been a bit of a pain at times in other things … but the American angle has often been very important . ”
The crisis has seen Saudi Arabia cut off its land border with Qatar , the host of the 2022 FIFA World Cup .
After an initial run on grocery stores by nervous residents , Qatar has organized dairy shipments from Turkey while Shiite power Iran also has begun shipping in food . Qatar 's ties with Iran , with whom it shares a major offshore natural gas field , is another criticism of the Arab countries .
Doha also has begun running cargo shipments from ports in Oman after seeing its sea routes to the UAE 's major ports cut off . But its cutoff air travel routes remain problematic .
Typically , Qatar Airways flights West flew over Saudi Arabia . But with that airspace now closed off , the airline is flying longer routes over Iran and Turkey . Its regional feeder flights in Saudi Arabia and the UAE also have been cut off .
Qatar has filed complaints to the Montreal-based International Civil Aviation Organization , a U.N. agency , calling the Arab nations ' refusal to let it fly through their airspace illegal . In a statement , the organization said it would host ministers and senior officials from Qatar , Saudi Arabia , Egypt , the UAE and Bahrain on Thursday .
“ For now , we are working to bring these states together towards a solution which satisfies both their current regional concerns and the global needs and expectations of passengers and shippers , ” the statement said .
However , it remains unclear how the organization that does n't issue binding rules could force the Arab nations to reopen their airspace to Qatar .
“ If I was betting now , I would suggest this is going to go on for a very long time , ” Roberts said of the crisis .
___
Associated Press writer Josh Lederman in Washington contributed to this report .
___
Follow Jon Gambrell on Twitter at https : //twitter.com/jongambrellAP . Their work can be found at http : //apne.ws/2galNpz .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Boots , Waitrose and Sainsbury 's urgently recalled some food products earlier this week .
The Food Standards Agency says that anyone who bought the items should not eat them and instead return them to the shops where they bought them .
The latest alerts include a fruit compote , ginger and a health supplement .
Boots Pineapple and Berry Compote
Boots is recalling a product called Delicious Pineapple and Berry Compote because it does not list a key ingredient on the label .
The compote contains milk and this means the product is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents .
No other Boots products are known to be affected , the Nottingham Post reported .
The Food Standards Agency advises that if you bought the product and have an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents , do not eat it .
It advises returning it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund .
Boots has contacted the relevant allergy support organisations , which will tell their members about the recall .
The company has also issued a point-of-sale notice to its customers . These notices explain to customers why the product is being recalled and tell them what to do if they have bought the product .
Product : Delicious Pineapple and Berry Compote
Pack size : 110g
Use-by date : up to and including January 30
Item Code : 80-61-068
Sushigari ginger
A range of ginger has been pulled from shelves at Waitrose and Sainsbury 's stores as some jars may contain pieces of glass .
The Sushigari product is sold through kiosks at some stores by Sushi Daily .
The Food Standards Agency says the product may contain small pieces of glass - which makes this product unsafe to eat and presents a safety risk .
Notices have been placed in stores .
A Sushi Daily spokesperson said : `` As a precautionary measure , we are asking customers who have purchased this product not to consume it but return it to their nearest store , where they will receive a full refund .
`` For any questions regarding this recall , please contact Sushi Daily directly by calling their help line on 0203 006 7896 .
`` No other Sushi Daily products have been affected and Sushi Daily would like to apologise to their customers for the inconvenience this will cause . ''
Product : Sushi Daily Sushigari
Jar size : 140g
Best before : 02/06/2018
Batch code : 18081
Optima Glucosamine tablets and Omega Choice 3-6-9 capsules
The Food Standards Agency has recalled Optima Glucosamine tablets and Omega Choice 3-6-9 capsules , on sale at health food shops .
It confirms that Optima Consumer Healthcare Limited is recalling Optima Glucosamine tablets , which contain fish , molluscs and crustaceans , and Omega Choice 3-6-9 capsules , which contain sesame and soya .
The allergens are not correctly identified on the label and are a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy to fish , molluscs , crustaceans , sesame or soya .
No other Optima Consumer Healthcare Limited products are known to be affected .
The advice is that if you have bought the products and have an allergy to fish and/or molluscs and/or crustaceans and/or sesame and/or soya do not eat them .
Instead return them to the store from where they were bought for a full refund .
Optima Consumer Healthcare Limited has been advised to contact allergy support organisations which will tell their members about the recall . The company has also issued a point-of-sale notice to its customers .
Product : Optima Glucosamine Complex
Pack size : 30 , 60 and 90 Tablets
Best before : All dates and batch codes
Product : Optima Omega Choice 3-6-9
Pack size : 120 capsules
Best before : All dates and batch codes 07515
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app .
It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple 's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
Interest rates reached a milestone Tuesday and the stock market frowned .
Tuesday morning , for the first time in four years , the rate on the 10-year U.S. government note topped 3 percent before falling back a bit . The bond market move contributed to a sharp sell-off in stocks , as investors wondered whether the long-running bull market might be at a pivot point .
The Dow Jones industrial average swung more than 750 points in the trading day . The key stock index closed down 425 points , or about 1.7 percent . The S & P 500 index lost 1.3 percent for the day .
The rate on the benchmark Treasury note is a key metric in determining many consumer and business interest rates . For instance , the recent rise in the 10-year government yields has coincided with an uptick in 30-year-mortgage rates .
The 3 percent rate level sends a number of crosscurrents through the financial markets , both positive and negative .
The rate increase is partly a response to swelling government debt and to rising commodity prices , including oil , which puts upward pressure on inflation , says Brad McMillan , the chief investment officer at Commonwealth Financial Network .
The rate move also gives stock investors worries that the higher yields make bonds a more attractive investment , undermining stock prices , they say . `` So investors who might have gone into stocks to try and get their target return now have the choice of going into bonds , '' McMillan says .
But they say the increase in interest rates back toward more normal levels also suggests investors have more confidence the economy is likely to continue to grow for some time .
`` In many respects the fact that interest rates are now moving back into a normal range is not a sign of trouble . It 's a sign of success , '' McMillan says . `` I mean , this is exactly where we 've wanted to get to since the [ financial ] crisis — back to a more normal environment . ''
Even with the 10-year note 's move to the 3 percent level , interest rates remain historically low for this point in an economic expansion .
The Federal Reserve has been trying to move rates higher . But the effort has been slowed by stubbornly quiescent inflation , which has remained below the central bank 's target level . The higher 10-year yield suggests inflation may be finally headed toward the Fed 's target .
Residents who fled fighting return to the city center of Afrin , northwestern Syria , Monday , March 19 , 2018 , a day after Turkish troops and allied Free Syrian Army fighters took the control of the area . Turkey 's President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said Monday following victory in Syria 's Afrin region , their country will expand its military operations into other Kurdish-held areas in Syria as well as in Iraq 's Sinjar region . ( Hasan KÄ±rmÄ±zitaÅŸ/DHA-Depo Photos via AP )
Residents who fled fighting return to the city center of Afrin , northwestern Syria , Monday , March 19 , 2018 , a day after Turkish troops and allied Free Syrian Army fighters took the control of the area . Turkey 's President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said Monday following victory in Syria 's Afrin region , their country will expand its military operations into other Kurdish-held areas in Syria as well as in Iraq 's Sinjar region . ( Hasan KÄ±rmÄ±zitaÅŸ/DHA-Depo Photos via AP )
BEIRUT ( AP ) - Turkey 's president vowed Monday to keep up the pressure against a U.S.-backed Syrian Kurdish militia after their troops captured the Syrian town of Afrin , threatening to expand the military offensive into other Kurdish-held areas across northern Syria and even into neighboring Iraq .
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan appeared set on forcing Washington to reconsider its partnership with the Syrian Kurdish fighters , the main U.S. ally in the fight against the Islamic State group .
Turkey first launched its military operation in Syria in 2016 , and Erdoğan has repeatedly said it will not allow a `` terror corridor '' along its border - a reference to territories controlled by the Kurdish forces , which Turkey views as terrorists because of their links to Kurdish insurgents fighting inside Turkey .
Emboldened by Sunday 's capture of Afrin , Erdoğan went even further on Monday , asserting that Turkish troops and allied Syrian forces would press eastward , targeting territory that includes Kobani , a town that has become a symbol of the fight against the Islamic State militants , as well as Qamishli , where the Syrian government controls an airport and a security zone .
Also in the cross hairs is Manbij , a town jointly patrolled by U.S- and Kurdish forces and where U.S. bases are housed , triggering concerns over potential friction with U.S. troops . Erdoğan even threatened to target Iraq 's Sinjar mountains , used by Kurdish fighters to move between Iraq and Syria , and which Turkey claims is a stronghold for the outlawed Kurdish rebels fighting an insurgency in its southeast .
`` We 'll continue this process until we completely abolish this corridor , '' Erdoğan said . `` One night , we could suddenly enter Sinjar . ''
Nicholas Heras , a Middle East Security fellow at the Washington-based Center for a New American Security , said the capture of Afrin was a `` milestone '' for Turkey in Syria but was not the end of its campaign against the Kurdish militia , known as the Syrian Kurdish People 's Defense Units , or YPG .
`` The final destination is a Turkish war on the Kurds throughout northern and eastern Syria that destroys the YPG and forces the Americans to work by , with and through Turkey '' in the fight against IS and in Syria , they said .
U.S. support of Syria 's Kurdish militia , which Turkey views as a threat to its national security , has soured relations between the two NATO allies . Ankara has accused the U.S. of not fulfilling a promise to move Syrian Kurdish fighters out of Manbij . Seeking to ease tensions , U.S. and Turkish officials held talks about Manbij earlier this month following a visit by outgoing U.S. State Secretary Rex Tillerson . But with Tillerson 's firing , the next round of talks has been postponed .
Ozgur 'Ünlühisarcikli ' , the Ankara director of the German Marshall Fund of the United States think tank , said the capture of Afrin had fulfilled Turkey 's aim of preventing the Kurdish militia from linking up its territories in eastern and western Syria , and Erdoğan 's threat to expand the military operation was a bargaining chip aimed at Washington .
`` Politically , though , it would be very difficult to accomplish , '' they said .
Formidable guerrilla fighters , the YPG withdrew from Afrin on Sunday after a Turkish thrust into the town center . They have vowed to continue the fight , using hit-and-run attacks against Turkish troops in Afrin .
Such an insurgency could prove to be `` a big thorn '' for the U.S. military operation in Syria , Heras said . `` A YPG insurgency in Afrin would prompt Turkey to escalate against the Kurds throughout northern Syria , jeopardizing the U.S.-led mission to stabilize the areas captured '' from IS militants , they said .
Already , thousands of Kurdish fighters have been redeployed away from front lines with IS to take part in the Afrin battle , threatening to distract from the fight against the extremists .
Turkey 's state-run news agency said 11 people - seven civilians and four Turkish-backed Syrian fighters - were killed on Monday in an explosion as a building in the town center was being cleared of booby traps . Anadolu News agency said the bomb was reportedly left by the Syrian Kurdish fighters .
The Turkish takeover of Afrin has triggered a humanitarian crisis as thousands of residents fled the town to government-held areas . Once a safe area for tens of thousands of displaced Syrians from other parts of the conflict , Afrin residents have become Syria 's new homeless .
The U.S. State Department said it was `` deeply concerned '' over the humanitarian situation following Turkey 's capture of Afrin . The European Union 's top diplomat also criticized the Turkish military offensive in Afrin , calling on Ankara to work to halt the fighting in Syria . Federica Mogherini told reporters in Brussels that international efforts in Syria should be aimed at `` de-escalating the military activities and not escalating them . ''
A senior Kurdish official , Aldar Khalil , called the Turkish offensive an `` occupation '' that endangers `` the whole of northern Syria . ''
Erdoğan insisted Turkey had no intention of `` occupying '' Syria , saying it was merely clearing the border area of terrorists .
But panic has already set in among Afrin 's residents , most of them Kurds , who fear Turkey will bring in loyalists and some of the 3 million Syrian refugees living inside its borders to repopulate the town . Some 200,000 people fled Afrin in recent days as the Turkish offensive escalated , and whether they will be permitted to return remains an open question .
Many feared revenge attacks , amid reports of looting and abuse of residents in the town .
Images emerged of torched stores and men , some in uniform and others in civilian clothes , walking out of homes with household goods . Others were seen driving away with tractors and agriculture supplies . A commander with the Turkey-backed Syrian forces blamed the looting on `` thieves , '' and said a unit had been created to prevent further theft .
Azad Mohamed , an Afrin resident who fled , said looting was underway in nearby villages even before the Turkish forces entered the town .
`` If they have not yet stolen my things , they will in an hour , '' they said .
They said fear of people taking over their homes has also fueled violent sentiments among Kurds . `` Some are saying those who come settle in our homes must be killed to prevent others from even thinking about it , '' they said .
___
Fraser reported from Ankara , Turkey . Associated Press writer Lorne Cook in Brussels contributed to this report .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A man whose body was found in a Cambridgeshire garden has been named .
Edmundas Tamosauskas , 42 , of Creek Road , March , was found dead last week after police were called to Creek Road , March , on Wednesday ( April 18 ) evening .
A post mortem examination found the man had significant head trauma , however , the cause of death remains unexplained . Further forensic tests will now be carried out .
Four people were arrested in connection with the death .
The 38-year-old man from March was arrested on suspicion of murder and three further people , two men aged 35 and 53 , and a woman aged 42 , were arrested on suspicion of murder .
All four people arrested in connection with the death have been released under investigation .
Murder investigation as man 's body found in garden
Forensics teams gathered evidence at the house on Creek Road .
The man 's death is still being treated as unexplained and further forensic tests will be carried out but could take weeks to come back with results .
If you have any information which may help police call 101 .
Share . The football head returns . The football head returns .
Hey , Arnold ! is returning to Nickelodeon , promising to offer revelations about some long-held mysteries .
Premiering on November 24 at 7 p.m. ET/PT , Hey , Arnold ! The Jungle Movie will pick up where the original Nickelodeon TV series left off back in 2004 . Check out the first full trailer below :
Nickelodeon previously revealed a clip of the film during San Diego Comic-Con 2017 .
Revealed as part of the movie 's panel at New York Comic Con , the trailer teases the adventure awaiting Arnold and their friends . They 'll set out in the film in the hopes of finally locating their missing parents .
Original voice actors Francesca Marie Smith ( The Prince of Egypt ) as Helga and Anndi McAfee ( Tom and Jerry : The Movie ) as Phoebe return , alongside new voice talent Mason Vale Cotton ( Mad Men ) as Arnold and Benjamin “ Lil ' P-Nut ” Flores , Jr. ( Game Shakers ) as Gerald .
NYCC 2017 Cosplay 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 48 Frozen Black Swan — Name not provided . 01 48 Frozen Black Swan — Name not provided . NYCC 2017 Cosplay Download Image Captions ESC
Lane Toran ( original voice of Arnold ) and Jamil Walker Smith ( original voice of Gerald ) will voice Che and Paulo , two members of the boat crew in San Lorenzo , and Alfred Molina ( Spider-Man 2 ) stars as the villain Lasombra .
Other returning voice actors include Justin Shenkarow ( Recess ) as Harold , Olivia Hack ( Family Guy ) as Rhonda , Nika Futterman ( The Boxtrolls ) as Olga , Dan Butler ( Frasier ) as Mr. Simmons , Dan Castellaneta ( The Simpsons ) as Grandpa , Tress MacNeille ( The Simpsons ) as Grandma , Antoinette Stella ( Melrose Place , writer ) as Stella , Carlos Alazraqui ( Happy Feet ) as Eduardo , Dom Irrera ( Back at the Barnyard ) as Ernie , Maurice LaMarche ( Futurama ) as Bob Pataki , Kath Soucie ( Rugrats ) as Miriam , Danielle Judovits ( Toy Story ) as Big Patty , Danny Cooksey ( The Lorax ) as Stoop Kid , Jim Belushi ( According to Jim ) as Coach Wittenberg , and Craig Bartlett as Miles .
IGN has plenty more for you from New York Comic Con 2017 , including a look at the return of a major Watchmen character , as well as Ban Presto 's impressive line of Dragon Ball and One Piece figures , a heart-breaking Hodor statue , the chillest Spider-Man statue at NYCC , and much more .
We 're keeping up with all the best cosplay from NYCC , too — check out our latest cosplay video below .
Jonathon Dornbush is an Associate Editor for IGN . Find them on Twitter @ jmdornbush .
LANDOVER , Md . ( AP ) — There they were on a late November afternoon , seemingly headed in opposite directions : Aaron Rodgers and the Green Bay Packers were 4-6 and losers of four games in a row ; Kirk Cousins and the Washington Redskins were 6-3-1 and winners of six of eight .
Right after the Packers were beaten by the Redskins by 18 points in Week 11 , Rodgers insisted , bereft of much supporting evidence , “ I 'm very optimistic . ”
Turned out they knew what they were talking about .
And Cousins declared , “ It 's great to be playing the way we 're playing . ”
Turned out it did n't last .
Since then ? The Packers ( 10-6 ) reeled off six consecutive victories , with Rodgers throwing 15 TD passes and zero interceptions , capped by a 31-24 win at the Detroit Lions on Sunday night to win the NFC North . The Redskins ( 8-7-1 ) lost four of their last six games , capped by an inexplicably listless 19-10 defeat against the visiting , nothing-at-stake-for-them New York Giants to blow a playoff berth .
“ Just have to find a way to get it done . That 's what good teams do , ” Washington defensive end Chris Baker said in a quiet locker room . “ We just were n't good enough this year . ”
With so much at stake , the Redskins were flat as can be against the Giants , who already were locked into the NFC 's No . 5 seed . Washington looked like the team with nothing to play for , trailing 10-0 at halftime . After tying it at 10-all , then falling behind 13-10 , the Redskins let their last real chance slip away when Cousins was intercepted by Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie for the second time .
“ I 'm going to go into this offseason with a hunger that has always been there , ” Cousins vowed after throwing two picks against New York , “ but certainly , when the season ends this way , it will be there and it will be strong . ”
The playoffs begin next weekend without the Redskins :
— Saturday : Raiders at Texans , Lions at Seahawks .
— Sunday : Dolphins at Steelers , Giants at Packers .
Awaiting the winners of those games will be the top seeds : No . 1 Patriots and No . 2 Chiefs in the AFC , No . 1 Cowboys and No . 2 Falcons in the NFC .
In case you missed it , here are the other top topics after the NFL season 's last regular-season Sunday :
MVP ?
Rodgers could wind up as the MVP , as could Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott or Falcons QB Matt Ryan . But given that the main story line heading into the season involved Tom Brady 's four-game “ Deflategate ” suspension , it somehow would be fitting for them to wind up with the honor . They finished off the best TD-INT rate for a season in NFL history — 28-2 — as the Patriots ( 14-2 ) beat Miami 35-14 . Plus , Brady tied Peyton Manning 's career record of 51 games with three or more touchdown passes and zero interceptions .
SEE YA
More coaches on the way out : Chip Kelly ( San Francisco ) and Mike McCoy ( San Diego ) were fired , while Gary Kubiak resigned because of health concerns one year after leading Denver to a Super Bowl championship . Adds those openings to earlier exits of Jeff Fisher in Los Angeles , Gus Bradley in Jacksonville , and Rex Ryan in Buffalo .
ROMO RETURNS
Playing in the regular season for the first time in more than a year , Tony Romo threw a TD pass in limited duty in place of the man who replaced them as Dallas ' QB , Dak Prescott . The Cowboys lost 27-13 to the Eagles in a completely meaningless game , while Romo got a brief chance to show they could help in the postseason if needed .
QB TROUBLE
Could be quite a quarterback matchup when Oakland plays at Houston in the playoffs . That 's because the Raiders , already without Derek Carr because of a broken leg , saw backup Matt McGloin hurt their shoulder injury in Sunday 's 24-6 loss at the Broncos , leaving rookie Connor Cook — they of zero NFL starts — under center . And the Texans , who recently benched expensive free agent Brock Osweiler for Tom Savage , are n't sure which will play next week . Savage started Houston 's 24-17 loss at Tennessee , left to be evaluated for a concussion after a QB sneak , returned after being cleared , then was held out again in the second half .
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Howard Fendrich on Twitter : http : //twitter.com/HowardFendrich
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform . Need help ? Email us
comments
× Not Guilty Verdicts in Monroe County Beating
STROUDSBURG — The verdict is not guilty at an attempted homicide trial in Monroe County .
The jury acquitted two men of a brutal beating Friday afternoon .
Police claimed Dy'shawn Mack of Stroudsburg and Malik Clark punched and kicked Frankie Lomuscio at a party in East Stroudsburg in July of 2014 .
But a jury in Monroe County decided that both defendants are not guilty on all counts .
NEWBERRY , S.C. ( AP ) - South Korean-based appliance manufacturer Samsung announced the expansion of its production footprint in South Carolina on Monday , making progress on a plan to create nearly 1,000 jobs in the state by 2020 .
The company officially launched a new line of top-loading washing machines at its facility in Newberry . That 's in addition to a line of front-loading washing machines that the South Korean electronics company began making at the plant earlier this year .
The expansion comes less than a year after Samsung 's June announcement that it would invest $ 380 million in South Carolina to manufacture home appliances , creating an estimated 950 jobs by 2020 . So far , company officials say that they 've hired about 650 employees who are now working on the two washing machine lines at a 450,000-square-foot plant .
Samsung took over property that had belonged to Caterpillar , which announced in April 2016 that it was closing its electric generator packaging facility . The closure left more 300 people out of work , but Samsung said that about 10 percent of the 650 full-time employees currently working at the Newberry plant are former Caterpillar employees .
Samsung has also hired some of the 6,000 workers left jobless following the scuttling of a reactor construction project at the V.C . Summer Nuclear Station in Jenkinsville , about 21 miles ( 34 km ) away .
Some retrofitting was needed to get Caterpillar 's existing buildings in line with Samsung 's designs , but Samsung plant manager Tony Fraley said that not having to start from scratch enabled Samsung to get two lines up and running in under a year . Much of the plant 's production is focused on robotics , with robots ferrying specially designed trays of parts around the green- and orange-colored plant , and other robots retrieving the pieces and putting them together .
The process can be slower than at other manufacturing facilities , Fraley said , but more mechanization means higher productivity and also fewer scratches that can come along with human handling .
`` Everything has automation built into it , '' Fraley told The Associated Press during a recent tour of the manufacturing plant and new production line .
About 100 Samsung employees from South Korea are currently on-site helping get the new facility up and running , even able to write computer codes on the spot to help the plant run more smoothly . Eventually , Fraley said they will return to the company 's headquarters , after training South Carolina employees on all of the technology needed to run the facility 's high-tech machines .
`` If something goes awry , they show us how to fix it , '' Fraley said . `` They show us how to troubleshoot it . ''
By this summer , Fraley said they expected the plant to be running at full capacity . Last year , Samsung announced a collaboration with the University of South Carolina and Clemson University in an effort to make the plant a center for customer service and research and development .
Without giving specifics , Samsung Electronics North America 's President and CEO Tim Baxter told AP that the company hopes to add more production lines in the future , as well as establish a supply chain in the state so that Samsung does n't have to import as many supplies .
`` Clearly the plan is to build an eco-system , '' Baxter said in a recent interview . `` Obviously that does n't happen overnight . ''
____
Follow Meg Kinnard on Twitter and see more of their work on apnews.com .
We 're back live again this morning with the Cambridge News live blog , here to bring you the latest traffic and travel news from across the county , and beyond .
For the latest news on the accidents and congestion on major roads , including the A14 , M11 and A1 , that might affect your route into work , check out the updates as they happen below
Delays and cancellations on the trains , affecting commuters heading into and out of London , and across Cambridgeshire , will also be updated in the blog .
We will also be reporting on flight cancellations and delays to affect Stansted Airport .
And , we 'll also be bringing you the latest news and sport from around the city , and across the country , as well as the best of What 's On in the region .
Do let us know if you spot anything that may affect your morning commute to work - send us a tweet @ CambridgeNewsUK or write a post on our Facebook page
CAIRO ( AP ) — Yemen 's official news agency says the Shiite rebels have killed at least 20 people and detained dozens across the country 's north since killing their top ally , former President Ali Abdullah Saleh .
The rebels known as Houthis appear to be escalating their crackdown on any possible sign of rebellion among their one-time allies from Saleh 's party , the General People 's Congress . They are also shutting down the internet and tightening an already existing media blackout .
According to SABA , the official news agency now under control of the internationally-recognized government , the Houthis also blew up 20 houses in the northern province of Hajja and replaced the province 's governor who was a onetime Saleh associate .
The agency reported on Monday that the Houthis also arrested 49 people in Mahwet , another northern province in Yemen .
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
A professor at Arizona State University allowed students to protest President Trump as a group project effort instead of taking a final exam .
Angeles Maldonado , a professor at ASU , gave them Global Politics of Human Rights class the option of completing a group project or taking a final exam .
Them students opted for the project , and the 20 students in Maldonado 's class decided that their final project would be a protest against President Trump 's policies .
The protest took place Thursday on ASU 's campus in Tempe , Arizona , the Arizona Republic reported .
“ The class decided that as a group project they wanted to make their voices heard about the issues that are affecting them today , so instead of just reading about the human-rights violations , they 'd speak out about the current violations that are happening , ” Maldonado told the Republic , adding that they believed it was their duty as a professor to support their decision .
The students created signs and stood in a line outside ASU 's library to form a human wall .
Students from other classes joined the line and picked up more signs to spell out the slogan , “ Wall Against Hate ! ”
“ This was something that we all got together and said we would express some of the things we do n't like , so a lot of the other people here are protesting things like immigration , immigration ban , women 's rights , things like that , ” Alex Corella , a student in Maldonado 's class , said .
The issues the protest brought to light included LGBT rights , women 's rights , Black Lives Matter , immigration , and the prison system .
ASU employees asked the students to relocate in order to stop blocking the sidewalk , so the students stood in a staggered line to let people through . This did not placate the staffers , so they sent for campus police .
The students dropped their signs and linked arms as a result .
The police warned Maldonado directly , and the students moved their protest to the lawn to avoid further incident .
The ASU administration released the following statement when asked about the protest :
As an institution of higher education and an environment that promotes academic freedom , Arizona State University supports the free exchange and expression of ideas . All individuals and groups on campus have the right to express their opinions , whatever those opinions may be , as long as they do not violate student code of conduct and student organization policies and do not infringe on another student 's individual rights . This policy applies to all students .
Maldonado has been involved in protests throughout Arizona before . According to their university profile , the Mexican-born professor has participated “ in the immigrant rights movement in Arizona ” and has “ spent many hours organizing protests against Sheriff [ Joe ] Arpaio . ”
Over the last decade , food fraud scandals , such as the adulteration of Chinese milk with melamine , the discovery of horsemeat in many European meat products , and the mislabeling of Italian olive oils , have increased the attention of the media , consumers , and governments about the vulnerability of the food system to intentional adulteration or misrepresentation of product ingredients or products themselves based on economic motives ( Lotta and Bogue 2015 ) . Food fraud is defined as the intentional substitution , addition , tampering , or misrepresentation of food products for economic gains ( Spink and Moyer 2011 ) . Food fraud is motivated by economic gain and is enabled by two important features . First , consumers can not verify the presence of economically important attributes , such as whether a product is “ organic , ” even after having consumed the good , for many of the products affected by food fraud . These types of goods are called credence goods . Second , the monitoring of labeling or certification requirements is costly , so the enforcement of product claims is imperfect .
Olive oil is one of the food categories most vulnerable to food fraud ( Johnson 2014 ) . The most common types of olive oil fraud involve the substitution or adulteration of extra virgin olive oil ( EVOO ) with less expensive or lower quality alternatives . To be considered extra virgin , rather than a lower quality olive oil , the product must meet strict criteria , including restrictions on the processes used to extract the oil from the olive , and the requirements on the chemical composition—such as the free fatty acid content—of the oil . A number of recent investigations have identified fraudulent behavior in widely sold EVOOs . Conducting one of the largest olive oil fraud investigations on 186 samples of EVOO sold in California , scientists from the University of California , Davis Olive Center found that 73 percent of the samples produced by the top five imported EVOO brands in the United States were either mislabeled or adulterated . Moreover , about 11 percent of top-selling Italian EVOO brands failed to meet the criteria that define EVOO ( Frankel et al . 2011 ) . A recent food fraud investigation launched by Interpol and Europol during the period of November 2015 to February 2016 , seized seven thousand tons of olive oil fraudulently labeled as extra-virgin from Italy ( Europol 2016 ) .
The spate of food fraud scandals over the last decade and the potentially devastating consequences for consumers and industry raise important questions about the impact of food fraud incidents on consumer behavior . Evidence on consumer response to food fraud is just developing , mirroring an increase in monitoring and media attention to food fraud . Scientists confirmed there were 60 percents as many incidents of food adulteration in two years ( 2011 and 2012 ) as had been identified in the 30 years between 1980 and 2010 , while media coverage of incidents increased by nearly 80 percent ( Johnson 2014 ) .
To address the gap in evidence , researchers in the Department of Agricultural Economics at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln examined how information about food fraud incidents affects consumers ' valuation of products . Specifically , the study examined ( 1 ) changes in consumers ' valuation of EVOO after they received information about food fraud , ( 2 ) how information about food fraud attributable to one country affects valuation for products from other countries , and ( 3 ) how information about food fraud affects the valuation of olive oils in different price segments .
To examine the effect of food fraud on consumer valuation , the researchers developed a laboratory experiment based on the demand-revealing Becker-DeGroot-Marschak mechanism ( BDM ) . In the BDM mechanism , participants are presented with a good and asked to submit a bid ( that is , their valuation ) for it . Then , an “ experiment ” price is randomly drawn from a distribution of prices . If the participant 's bid is higher than the randomly drawn “ experiment ” price , the participant purchases the good but pays the “ experiment ” price . This separation of the participant 's value from the price that they pay means that the participant has no incentive to underbid for the item . Researchers use this approach to collect information about participants ' true valuations for items .
In this study , 107 olive oil consumers participated in the laboratory experiment . All experiment sessions were conducted at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln between September and November 2017 . The experimental design consisted of two valuation stages . In the first stage , participants submitted their valuation for extra virgin olive oils from Italy , Greece , and the U.S. ( California ) . Participants evaluated two 500 milliliter ( ml ) bottles from each country , one of which is sold at retail in a daily-use price range ( $ 5-10 ) , and one of which is sold at a premium range ( $ 24-29 ) ( see Table 1 ) .
Table 1 : Descriptive information of olive oil used in the experiment OLIVE OIL COUNTRY OF ORIGIN BOTTLE SIZE SHELF PRICE RANGE High-priced EVOO Greece , Italy , and United States 500 ml $ 5-10 Low-priced EVOO Greece , Italy , and United States 500 ml $ 24-29
Source : Laboratory experiment
After submitting their valuation for the six bottles of EVOO , research participants responded to a short survey on demographic variables , which included one question about whether participants were aware of the occurrence of food fraud . Next , participants in the experiment read a text about Italian olive oil . The text included general information about the Italian olive oil industry , but also discussed real-world studies on cases of mislabeling or adulteration of Italian EVOO , including those mentioned above . We included Greek and California EVOO brands to examine how participants responded to producers of the same product who were not implicated in the text . If consumers reduce their valuation of Greek and California EVOO in response to information about Italian scandals , it suggests that the actions of one producer ( or country , in this case ) may create negative externalities for other producers .
In the second valuation stage , participants were again asked to submit bids for the same set of six EVOO bottles . This was followed by surveys regarding olive oil knowledge and olive oil market experience .
The analyses of the laboratory experiment data show that information about food fraud in one country negatively affects the valuation of EVOO from that country but also from other countries . While participants reduce their valuation of Italian EVOO the most after receiving information about mislabeling and adulteration—by 51 percent—reductions in the valuation of Greek and California olive oils are non-negligible . Specifically , participants decrease their valuation of Greek and Californian EVOO by 13 percent and 9 percent , respectively , suggesting that consumers ' reaction to information about food fraud in one country negatively spills over to perceptions of other countries ' industries ( see Table 2 ) . The results of this study also show that after receiving information about Italian olive oil fraud consumers decrease their valuation for high-priced EVOO more than that for low-priced EVOO , irrespective of the country of origin , which indicates that the damage from food fraud may affect high and low-priced EVOO producers differently .
Table 2 : Valuation of EVOO from Italy , Greece , and California before and after information about food fraud . COUNTRY STAGE 1 VALUATION : BEFORE INFO STAGE 2 VALUATION : AFTER INFO DECREASE IN VALUATION PERCENT DECREASE IN VALUATION Italy $ 13.03 $ 6.33 $ 6.70 51 % Greece $ 12.23 $ 10.63 $ 1.60 13 % United States $ 11.65 $ 10.61 $ 1.04 9 %
The results of this study can help supply chain managers and policymakers understand and develop appropriate strategic responses to food fraud by providing evidence of consumer reactions to information about food fraud . Moreover , the findings from this study indicate that food fraud incidents are not limited to the product in question and may even affect consumers ' perceptions of the accuracy of labeling across nations . This highlights the importance of collaborative , international efforts to prevent or address food fraud incidents in the agri-food marketing system .
References :
Europol . 2016 . “ Targeting Counterfeit and Substandard Foodstuff and Beverages , ” Operation Opson V Report , October .
Frankel , N. , Mailer , J. , Wang , C. , Shoemaker , F. , Guinard , J. , Flynn , D. , and Sturzenberger , D. 2011 . “ Evaluation of Extra-Virgin Olive Oil Sold in California , ” UC Davis Olive Center Report 2011 .
Johnson , R. 2014 . “ Food Fraud and Economically Motivated Adulteration of Food and Food Ingredients , ” US Congressional Research Service ( CRS ) Report 7-5700 , Washington DC .
Lotta , F. and Bogue , J . 2015 . “ Defining Food Fraud in the Modern Supply Chain , ” European Food and Feed Law Preview , 10 ( 2 ) :114-122 .
Spink , J. , and Moyer , D.C. 2011 . “ Defining the Public Health Threat of Food Fraud , ” Journal of Food Science76 ( 9 ) :157-163 .
