Big Boi gave their mom a house with a stripper pole inside Outkast 's Big Boi stopped by Page Six to talk about their new album , “ Boomiverse , ” their notorious home stripper pole , and their political aspirations . “ If I ran , I 'd win , ” the 42-year-old ...
Big Boi ranks America 's best strip clubs Back in August of 1995 , Atlanta 's Outkast collected their Best New Artist award at the Source Awards in New York City to the sound of boos . “ Even the presenters could n't ...
Big Boi gives puppy to girl paralyzed in shooting They presented Abriya Ellison on with the pup bred from their kennel business .
Big Boi , Biz Markie and nostalgia take over SXSW While SXSW Interactive may be about spotting what 's next , the festival 's closing party was about looking backwards .
'Game of Thrones ' mixtape boasts hip-hop flair Can anyone think of something that rhymes with Tyrion Lannister or Daenerys Targaryen ? Did n't think so . But that has n't stopped a group of hip-hop and Latin artists from contributing to ...
Colin Kaepernick , a Wisconsin native , made a million dollar pledge in 2016 to donate to organizations around the country every month for 10 months . Recently , rapper Dr. Dre joined the # 10for10 pledge and donated $ 10 thousand to a Milwaukee organization , Urban Underground .
In the very first month of their pledge , Kaepernick donated $ 25 thousand to Urban Underground . These funds helped the organization provide stipends to youth participants , create a new entrepreneurship program , supply updated Mac computers to students and more .
On Feb. 1 , 2018 , Dr. Dre furthered the opportunities for youths in the Milwaukee community with their donation to the organization .
Urban Underground is powered by the Center for Youth Engagement Inc. and strives to advance `` a new generation of young leaders committed to building safe and sustainable communities . '' The group is open to youths ages 13- 18 .
Kaepernick has now completed the million dollar goal set in Oct. 2016 , but the donations have continued pouring in .
Celebrities in the music and sports industries such as Usher , Serena Williams , Snoop Dogg and more have made donations to organizations all over the country in support of Kaepernick 's promise .
To learn more about Urban Underground visit their website here .
SEATTLE ( AP ) – Landlords will not be allowed to screen tenants based on their criminal records under a measure passed by the Seattle City Council .
The ordinance unanimously approved Monday says landlords ca n't screen a tenant based on arrests or convictions . Landlords also wo n't be able to ask about or consider arrests that did n't lead to a conviction . The law wo n't apply to adult sex offenders .
Supporters say the rise in online criminal background checks have made it harder for formerly incarcerated people to find housing and get back on their feet .
Councilwoman Lisa Herbold , a bill co-sponsor , says landlords can still screen tenants based on other factors , such as employment , credit scores and income ratios .
The Rental Housing Association of Washington opposed the measure , calling it poor policy with unintended consequences . The group says a mandate offering no supportive services wo n't encourage landlords to take chances on under-qualified applicants .
Romania 's ruling Social Democrat Party has withdrawn support for Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu and their cabinet . The move is likely to bring down Grindeanu 's government , which has only been power since January ....
read more ...
Published By : DW World - Today
Toa Maoni yako hapa - Add your comment
Related News
Almost one in five adults of Medicare eligibility age ( 65 years old and older ) have untreated cavities . The same proportion have lost all their teeth . Half of Medicare beneficiaries have some periodontal disease , or infection of structures around teeth , including the gums . MCT
By Christie Melhorn , October 6 2017 —
Eating heaps of turkey and loosening your belt are n't the only Thanksgiving traditions to embrace this weekend . On Monday Oct. 9 at 12 p.m. , the Edmonton Eskimos and Montreal Alouettes go head-to-head in the Canadian Football League 's annual Thanksgiving Day Classic — a wonderful excuse to start feasting before dinner time .
This year 's Classic promises to be intense . The Alouettes currently sit at fifth in the Western Division and the Eskimos are only one standing higher . The Eskimos started strong this season with seven straight wins , but their winning streak crumbled into six consecutive losses and a multitude of injuries that have especially dented their defensive-line . The Alouettes are struggling with similar back-to-back losses and injuries , such as that of Darian Durant , who , despite their current funk , is one of the best quarterbacks in the league . The team endured a crippling 59–11 defeat against the Calgary Stampeders last week .
Both teams are in a slump . But this leveling of the playing field and lightheartedness of the holidays might be what both teams need to shake it off , play cleaner and fight harder .
Of course , hearty snacks are a must at any sports-related gathering . Embrace the warm , homey flavors of the season with these bacon-wrapped brussel sprouts and maple goat cheese dip . They 're loaded with good fats and are just sweet enough that you wo n't spoil the pie you 'll hopefully have for dessert .
Preparing this dish wo n't take up your whole day either . You can whip it up the morning of the game or during commercial breaks . If you do n't care about the game , bring it to a Thanksgiving meal over the weekend . Or just make it for dinner — it 's quite filling !
Equipment :
Food processor or blender
Medium bowl
Toothpicks
Baking sheet
Skillet
Cutting board
Knife
Ingredients :
15–20 medium sized brussel sprouts
12-ounce package of bacon
Pinch of salt
Dash of pepper
10 ounces of goat cheese
1–2 tablespoons of maple syrup
1/4 cup toasted and chopped pecans
Instructions
Brussel Sprouts :
After preheating the oven to 400 degrees , rinse brussel sprouts and dab with a paper towel to dry .
Ensure stems are removed then cut brussel sprouts in half lengthwise . Toss into a medium bowl and mix with a pinch or two of salt and pepper .
Before opening the package of bacon , roll lengthwise into a tube . Hold for a few seconds then unravel . This will help prevent the strips from sticking together or tearing when separating .
On a clean counter space or cutting board , lay out the bacon strips 3–5 at a time to prevent crowding .
Place brussel sprout halves at one end of each bacon strip and roll together tightly . Secure with toothpick on the rounded top of the half without puncturing through to the flat end .
Set wrapped pieces onto a baking sheet . When filled , place into the oven for about 30 minutes or until the bacon is nicely crisped and the brussel sprouts are soft but not mushy .
Maple goat cheese dip
While your brussel sprouts are cooking , warm a skillet over medium heat for a minute then add 1/4 cup of pecans .
Once lightly browned , remove pecans and place onto a cutting board . Let cool before chopping into smaller chunks . Hold the knife by the handle with your dominant hand and with your other hand over the top of the blade . Cut slowly so you do n't send pecans flying off the board .
Place cream cheese into a food processor and pulse for 30 seconds . If using a blender , do this at a medium to low setting . This will give the cream cheese a whipped texture .
Depending on how sweet you want it , add a tablespoon or two of maple syrup and pulse for another 30 seconds . Pulse for an extra 30 seconds if you want it to be fluffier . Just be careful not to liquefy the cream cheese !
Use a spatula to move the dip from the food processor or blender into a small bowl and sprinkle with the pecans .
I recommend placing the bowl of dip in the middle of a sturdy plate with the brussel sprouts scattered around it . A fondue plate works nicely as well .
Comments
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message : * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com : http : //wr.al/18pLt
— The Harnett County Sheriff 's Office is investigating after a two people were found dead Monday afternoon inside a car in Sanford .
A person located the grey , four-door car , which had multiple bullet holes in the windshield and hood , on the side of a dirt path near Buffalo Lakes Road and Twin Ponds Road .
The person who found the vehicle went to a nearby convenience store , where a clerk dialed 911 and alerted deputies , who found the bodies of a man and a woman in the front seat .
The deaths are being investigated as a homicide .
Anybody with information is asked to call the Harnett County Sheriff 's Office at 910-893-9111 .
LEGASPI CITY— “ Instead of an award , recognition or at least commendation , I am now the subject of persecution by the very organization ...
Facebook has been forced to appear before both the US Congress and British Parliament for its alleged role in spreading misinformation and its mishandling of user data , but neither country has even hinted that they might block the giant social network because of its negative effects . Papua New Guinea , however , has decided to do exactly that . The government of the country , which has a population of about eight million , has announced that it will block access to Facebook for a month .
In comments made to the country 's Post-Courier newspaper , Papua New Guinea 's communication minister , Sam Basil , suggested that a month-long period of Facebook-free existence would allow the government to investigate both the positive and negative effects of using the social network . But the minister also appeared to suggest that part of what they have in mind is identifying bad actors who post false or offensive information on the platform so that they can be removed . Basil said :
The time will allow information to be collected to identify users that hide behind fake accounts , users that upload pornographic images , users that post false and misleading information on Facebook to be filtered and removed . This will allow genuine people with real identities to use the social network responsibly .
ICYMI : NYT reporter 's tweet sparks controversy among journalists
Basil also floated the idea that if the government 's investigation finds significant negative effects from Facebook , Papua New Guinea might choose to create its own online social network . “ If there need to be then we can gather our local applications developers to create a site that is more conducive for Papua New Guineans to communicate within the country and abroad as well , ” they told the newspaper .
While some might cheer Papua New Guinea 's move , others are concerned about the impact such a ban could have on the information diet of the country 's citizens . While only about 10 percent of the country has internet access , mobile phones have become hugely popular and Facebook is a source of news for many , since it is often a default application installed on new phones . Removing access can play havoc in such developing markets , as journalists who cover Cambodia have described to CJR .
2 . To what extent is this going to hamper free expression and communications in the country ? I do n't know a lot about PNG specifically but in many developing countries FB is how most people use the internet and access news . Sign up for CJR 's daily email — Stephanie MacLellan ( @ smaclellan ) May 29 , 2018
Papua New Guinea is n't the first country to block access to Facebook for an extended period of time . The government of India banned access to Facebook and a range of other social apps ( including WhatsApp , Snapchat , and Twitter ) for a month in the Kashmir region last year because it was worried about what it called “ antisocial ” elements , including separatists , using them for nefarious purposes . Facebook has also been blocked for some time in North Korea , as well as China and Iran .
Here 's more on Facebook and its struggles in various countries :
Sri Lanka : The social network and several other platforms including WhatsApp were shut down briefly earlier this year during anti-Muslim riots in that country , because the government said it was concerned that Facebook and other services were being used to spread hate and fuel the rioting . Buddhist groups attacked Muslim temples and businesses , setting fires and killing two people .
Myanmar : Facebook has also come under fire in the country formerly known as Burma for its role in distributing hate speech and misinformation directed at the Rohingya , which many activists and journalists believe has contributed to persecution of members of the Muslim ethnic group . Facebook says it is beefing up the resources it devotes to Myanmar in the hope of solving the problem .
Pakistan : The government shut down access to Facebook in Pakistan , as well as YouTube and Twitter , for 24 hours in November of last year , in an attempt to prevent information from spreading about a crackdown on religious protesters in the capital of Islamabad that had led to rioting . The ban also extended to all national private news channels operating in the country .
North Korea : Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un moved to block Facebook and several other social-networking sites in 2016 , including Twitter and YouTube . Prior to that decision , sites like Facebook were available to foreign visitors as well as certain North Korean citizens with internet access , but the government chose to block them completely in much the same way as China .
Other notable stories :
Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko , a former Army veteran who became an investigative journalist and a strong critic of the Russian government , was shot and killed at their home in Ukraine on Tuesday , according to multiple reports . More than a dozen Russian journalists have died under mysterious circumstances during the past decade .
The Committee to Protect Journalists says a Democratic Party lawsuit against WikiLeaks over the release of material from hacked computers during the 2016 election “ goes against press freedom precedents going back to the Pentagon Papers and contains arguments that could make it more difficult for reporters to do their jobs , ” according to a number of First Amendment experts .
On CJR 's latest podcast , Jessica Lessin—the founder of a subscription-only tech news site known as The Information— interviews Adam Mosseri , the man who until recently was in charge of the Facebook News Feed . In the discussion , which was taped during a CJR event in San Francisco earlier this month that was co-hosted by The Information , Lessin asks Mosseri how the giant social network views its relationship with the media , and what it 's doing to improve it .
Journalists at one of Turkey 's few remaining independent news outlets describe to The Wall Street Journal what it 's like to be imprisoned for doing their jobs . More than a dozen reporters and editors were recently released on bail after being charged with supporting terrorism , in what press-freedom advocates say was an attempt by the government to muzzle the publication .
The Russian government has reportedly asked for Apple 's help in blocking usage of the secure messaging app Telegram in that country , after a ban on the service failed to have much effect . The Russian authorities banned the app after the company refused to provide the encryption keys it uses , which would have allowed the government to see user and message data .
A lawyer representing actor Morgan Freeman has sent a letter to CNN demanding that the news outlet take down a story that alleges multiple incidents of sexual harassment by the actor . According to Freeman 's lawyer , two of the sources CNN used have said they were not harassed and that the network misrepresented their stories . CNN says it stands by its reporting .
Correction : Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko is alive . They said Wednesday that they co-operated with Ukrainian authorities in faking their own death as a way of trapping a Russian-backed hit man who had been assigned to kill him .
Trending : Lie ? Falsehood ? What to call the president 's words
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now ? Help us by joining CJR today
Mathew Ingram is CJR 's chief digital writer . Previously , they were a senior writer with Fortune magazine . They have written about the intersection between media and technology since the earliest days of the commercial internet . Their writing has been published in The Washington Post and the Financial Times as well as Reuters and Bloomberg .
Project info
This series , Hair Stories , is looking at the psychology of women 's hair through interviews and portraiture . Women of diverse ages and backgrounds are represented in this series . Hair is a language , and is both public and private . Hair is a construct and can be a reflection of our identity , femininity , personality , our innermost feelings of self-doubt , aging , vanity , self-esteem , but it also has deep sociological roots . It can be indicative of a certain religious or political belief system . It can also change .
By Emma Amaize , Regional Editor , South-South
YENAGOA— MILITANTS in Niger Delta have been torn apart over last Thursday 's quit notice by Coalition of Niger Delta Agitators , CNDA , asking northerners and Yoruba to leave the oil region before October 1 ahead of resumption of attacks on oil installations .
The statement by NDA convener , John Duku , Ekpo Ekpo of Niger Delta Volunteers , Osarolor Nedam of Niger Delta Warriors , Henry Etete , Niger Delta Peoples Fighters ; Asuquo Henshaw , Bakassi Freedom Fighters ; Ibinabo Horsfall , Niger Delta Movement for Justice and other militant leaders , had also asked northern and Yoruba owners of oil blocks in the region to vacate them by October 1 .
But another group of militants , Niger Delta Revolutionary Crusaders , NDRC , yesterday , disagreed with them , saying : “ The call for the Yoruba and the northerners to leave the Niger Delta is not the solution to the genuine demands of the Niger Delta people . ”
Spokesperson of the group , W. O. I. Izon Ebi in a statement , yesterday , said , “ The NDRC and the 21st century youths of the Niger Delta call on our royal fathers and distinguished personalities of PANDEF to swing into action and call an emergency meeting to address this current call for the Yoruba and the northerners to vacate the Niger Delta before October 1 . ”
The group also demanded a time frame for the implementation of the promises , including relocation of operational headquarters to the region , building of oil refineries , take-off of Nigerian Maritime University , NMU , Okerenkoko and other palliatives made to PANDEF by Acting President Yemi Osinbajo , August 4 , in Abuja .
NDRC said : “ This call is borne out of the PANDEF 's inability to call for a meeting to address the agitators and the Niger Delta people after the emergency meeting with acting President . ”
PANDEF decries the quit notice
Meanwhile , PANDEF , yesterday , criticized the quit notice issued northerners and Yoruba by CNDA , dismissing it as “ irresponsible . ”
Coordinating Secretary , PANDEF , Dr. Alfred Mulade , in a statement , said : “ A meeting of PANDEF and relevant stakeholders has been scheduled to hold in the next few days to discuss the various concessions reached with Acting President Osinbajo , recently at Abuja . ”
The group , therefore , advised all compatriots in the Niger Delta region , particularly the youths , to remain calm , patient and patriotic , “ as we re-double our efforts towards the peaceful resolution of the challenges in the region , including the restructuring of the country along the lines of fiscal federalism . ”
First lady Melania Trump made a rare appearance that included public remarks Monday to reiterate their personal commitment to those battling the opioid crisis .
( CNN ) -- First lady Melania Trump made a rare appearance that included public remarks Monday to reiterate their personal commitment to those battling the opioid crisis .
`` In my role as first lady , much of my focus has been towards understanding the negative effects the opioid epidemic is having on our children and young mothers , '' they said in New Hampshire .
Trump mentioned neonatal abstinence syndrome , a little-discussed but devastating side effect of pregnant women addicted to opioids who give birth to babies either addicted to drugs or faced with withdrawal symptoms .
`` Many young mothers are not even aware of this disease , so we must continue educating them about the real dangers of opioids on unborn babies , '' they said .
Trump noted their visit last month to Cincinnati Children 's Hospital , a facility that is at the forefront on studies of and treatments for neonatal abstinence syndrome . They also mentioned Lily 's Place , a recovery center in West Virginia they visited in October that specializes in babies with the syndrome .
Trump has several times been the sympathetic voice in an administration frequently embroiled in upheaval and brashness , their compassionate side on display in the intermittent visits they have made to children in hospitals in the US and abroad .
The first lady attended a summit earlier this month at the White House of families and experts working to combat opioid abuse , and they referred to the event in Monday 's remarks .
`` I 'm proud to support this administration 's commitment to battling this epidemic , '' said Trump , before introducing their husband .
The first couple embraced at the podium , where President Donald Trump called their wife `` incredible '' before outlining their plan to stop the drug epidemic .
Correction : This story has been updated to correctly reflect that the first lady attended a White House summit on opioid abuse earlier this month .
TM & © 2018 Cable News Network , Inc. , a Time Warner Company . All rights reserved .
PHOENIX , AZ ( WCMH ) — In honor of the 25th anniversary of the release of ‘ The Sandlot , ' the Milwaukee Brewers re-created one of the film 's most memorable moments .
The video was posted on social media over the weekend .
The short film stars catcher Stephen Vogt as Hamilton ‘ Ham ' Porter , Eric Sogard as squints , and team dog Hank as ‘ The Beast . '
“ When you think of Squints , you think of Eric Sogard with the glasses , for sure . “ Ham ” Porter and Stephen Vogt . And then Smalls and Brett Phillips . Those were the three we were really thinking of when this idea came together . We knew Phillips was all about this type of stuff after doing such a great job in “ Brett 's World. ” I actually asked them first , because I thought if I could get their buy-in , other guys would jump on board , ” said Brewers Director of New Media Caitlin Moyer .
Moyer said the short film had a budget of a couple hundred dollars to execute .
By Hayden Wright
Yesterday , Maroon 5 revealed the tracklist and roster of collaborators on Red Pill Blues , their sixth studio album which drops November 3 . Today , fans can hear “ Help Me Out ” featuring Julia Michaels .
Related : Maroon 5 Reveal ‘ Red Pill Blues ' Tracklist & Special Guests
The “ Issues ” singer duets with Adam Levine on the track , which focuses on two people helping one another overcome life 's challenges .
“ I 'm getting kinda over this/ I need a metamorphosis /Are you as weak as me ? /If not , do you wan na be ? ” Levine sings . “ I need some temporary saving / I need some , some uncomplicated… ”
The singers duet over a spare , electronic soundscape that 's both moody and upbeat—and Michaels ' voice is an excellent complement to Levine 's . “ Help Me Out ” follows “ What Lovers Do , ” Maroon 5 's collaboration with SZA that debuted last month .
Listen to “ Help Me Out ” here :
Bharatiya Janta Party ( BJP ) legislator Prasad Lad on Wednesday sent a legal notice to Congress president Sanjay Nirupam and former Mumbai Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan over their allegations against them in an alleged land scam in Navi Mumbai .
The notice seeks withdrawal of the duo 's statements made during a press conference earlier this week when they alleged Lad to be involved in the land scam .
The notice further said that if the statements are not withdrawn within three days of recovering the notice , Criminal and Civil Definition process will be initiated against them by Lad .
Earlier this week , the Congress had alleged that government land in Kharghar , Navi Mumbai worth Rs 1,767 crore was given to a private builder for just Rs 3.60 crore .
Nirupam had claimed the builder “ is a business partner of BJP MLC Prasad Lad , ” who has played a crucial role in this allotment .
The Monte Carlo officially transformed into the Park MGM paving the way for the renovated resort to shine on the Las Vegas Strip .
Sydell Group and MGM Resorts International collaborated to create two new experiences at the former Monte Carlo - Park MGM and a Las Vegas version of the NoMad hotel .
So far , MGM Resorts opened the Park Theater in Dec. 2016 and unveiled new amenities and newly designed spaces on the property . The transformation of Park MGM will continue throughout 2018 with the addition of nightlife , new restaurants , and a residency featuring Lady Gaga .
Nomad , a standalone 292-room hotel on Park MGM 's top four floors , will open in Fall 2018 . It will feature a dedicated entrance and lobby , high-limit gaming room , private pool , and restaurants .
`` The lobby experience is different , all the public space is different , the casino is different , '' Patrick Miller , The Park MGM President said . `` Really there 's no more Monte Carlo in the rooms left . ''
The Monte Carlo is the latest in a stretch of major casinos being rebranded . Earlier this year , billionaire Richard Branson bought the Hard Rock Hotel and Resort and announced plans to transform it into Virgin Hotel . On the north end of the strip , developers hope to flip the unfinished Fontainebleau project and turn it into The Drew .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Robert Hwang , CEO of a large iPhone manufacturing company in India , has let slip that the upcoming iPhone will have wireless charging . Hwang told reporters after the company 's shareholder 's meeting : `` Assembly process for the previous generations of [ iPhones ] have not changed much , though new features like waterproof and wireless charging now require some different testing , and waterproof function will alter the assembly process a bit . '' 9to5Mac reports :
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach Pause
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion , complexity in California 's new gun laws
1:36 2016 's worst red-light runners
1:33 How to grill ribs : Tips from The Rib Line 's kitchen
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
2:43 Take a look inside the historic Atascadero Printery building
1:07 California still working on getting young voters to cast ballots
2:48 Former Sacramento sex worker talks about life on the street
1:28 California Republicans get sweaty for dog safety
When it comes to cheesy Christmas movies , a few things are inevitable . Will there be romance ? Yes . Will there be a happy ending ? 100 percent . Will you be able to predict the ending ? Most definitely . And are you bothered by any of those things ? Absolutely not .
Ever since Netflix debuted A Christmas Prince , its first festive movie in the vein of Hallmark 's holiday films , people have been buzzing about it on Twitter—and their reactions are hilarious . Though there are the dedicated Christmas movie watchers who appreciate the movie for what it is , it 's funnier to read what the uninitiated have to say about the instant classic .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The consensus ? They hate it .
They hate it so much they love it .
If you 're confused by what we mean , read the tweets below :
A Christmas Prince is already my favorite Christmas movie bc they spent 3 mins of NYC establishing shots then cut to the Chicago Tribune building — Cassie Surprise ( @ chasspod ) December 4 , 2017
A Christmas Prince :
The Prince and me ... but make it Christmas pic.twitter.com/KVeWumNsnH — Lauren Wannermeyer 🐱 ( @ colormelauren ) December 4 , 2017
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
A Christmas Prince on Netflix is like a shit Princess Diaries 2 version of How To Lose A Guy In 10 Days . Therefore I loved it and am gon na need a sequel — Meg ( @ megsaystweet ) December 5 , 2017
We 've just watched A Christmas Prince on Netflix and I can confirm it 's awful yet brilliant , which is the best type of Christmas film . — Corrie 🎄 ( @ dizzybrunette3 ) December 9 , 2017
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
trying to watch a christmas prince literally got 30 seconds in and i 'm gon na DIE pic.twitter.com/XIsy65r1YD — christmas ( @ kanworu ) December 10 , 2017
Watched A Christmas Prince on Netflix . The acting was terrible , the plot line was cheesy and predictable , and I absolutely LOVED IT OMG YES THE CHRISTMAS SEASON IS UPON US WE MUST APPRECIATE IT AND LOVE IT AS CHRIST LOVES US — Darg ( @ Emma_Dargy ) December 1 , 2017
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Words ca n't describe how bad # AChristmasPrince is . Words also ca n't describe how good it is . — Tony Daussat ( @ TonyDaussat ) December 5 , 2017
Takeaways from # AChristmasPrince :
- I hated it so much
- I ca n't wait for the sequel
- You bet your ass I 'm watching it again before Christmas — Brendan Leonard ( @ shutupbrendance ) November 30 , 2017
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Netflix : Okay but what about The Christmas Prince ?
Me : Not a snowball 's chance in hell that looks terrible
Netflix : but are you sure
Me : I AM NOT . I SHOULD WATCH IT JUST TO CHECK . MAYBE TWICE JUST TO BE CERTAIN . — Rosiee Thor Riveter 💪 ( @ RosieeThor ) December 1 , 2017
I 'm watching # AChristmasPrince and it 's so terrible , I love it . I 'm only 5 minutes in and I have so many questions . — Meghan Raebel ( @ MissRaebel ) December 7 , 2017
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Hey , even Netflix are involved :
To the 53 people who 've watched A Christmas Prince every day for the past 18 days : Who hurt you ? — Netflix US ( @ netflix ) December 11 , 2017
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
We have two things to say to these people who do n't know what to do with themselves now that they 've been introduced to cheesy , classic Christmas movies :
Crabbe , LeVert lead Nets over Grizzlies 118-115
hello
Memphis Grizzlies forward Ivan Rabb ( 10 ) watches as Brooklyn Nets forward Rondae Hollis-Jefferson ( 24 ) dunks during the first half of an NBA basketball game , Monday , March 19 , 2018 , in New York . Associated Press
Memphis Grizzlies forward Ivan Rabb ( 10 ) dunks during the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Brooklyn Nets , Monday , March 19 , 2018 , in New York . Associated Press
Brooklyn Nets guard Caris LeVert ( 22 ) defends Memphis Grizzlies guard Briante Weber ( 3 ) who shoots for two points during the first half of an NBA basketball game , Monday , March 19 , 2018 , in New York . Associated Press
Memphis Grizzlies guard Andrew Harrison ( 5 ) loses the ball as they collide with Brooklyn Nets guard Caris LeVert , left , and Nets guard Spencer Dinwiddie ( 8 ) while driving to the basket during the first half of an NBA basketball game , Monday , March 19 , 2018 , in New York . Associated Press
Brooklyn Nets guard Allen Crabbe ( 33 ) tries to strip the ball from Memphis Grizzlies forward Dillon Brooks ( 24 ) as Brooks drives to the basket during the first half of an NBA basketball game , Monday , March 19 , 2018 , in New York . Associated Press
NEW YORK -- Allen Crabbe and Caris LeVert each scored 22 points and the Brooklyn Nets beat the Memphis Grizzlies 118-115 on Monday night .
Rondae Hollis-Jefferson had 16 points and 12 rebounds , and DeMarre Carroll scored 18 points for the Nets , who have two straight wins for the first time since Jan. 19-21 .
Andrew Harrison , who missed Memphis ' last nine games due to a right wrist injury , scored 19 points , and Brionte Webber had a career-high 15 . The Grizzlies have lost 20 of 21 .
Memphis was without Marc Gasol due to flu-like symptoms . The team has lost 15 straight games on the road since a Christmas Eve victory at Sacramento .
Brooklyn trailed 94-87 heading into the fourth quarter before turning it around against the NBA 's second-worst team .
Carroll capped a string of three straight 3s to tie it at 97 with 8:45 remaining in the final period . After a three-second defensive technical free throw by Harrison gave the Grizzlies a 101-100 lead with 6:54 left , the Nets scored nine straight points highlighted by LeVert 's dunk with 4:07 left to lead 109-101 .
Crabbe increased Brooklyn 's advantage 116-108 with 38 seconds left , but Memphis made it interesting .
Wayne Selden Jr. , who scored 17 points of the bench , hit a 3 , and JaMychal Green made a layup to make it 117-115 with 12 seconds left . Spencer Dinwiddie then hit a free throw to extend the Nets ' lead to 118-115 with 11 seconds to go before Harrison missed a potential tying 3 with 0.4 seconds remaining .
TIP-INS
Grizzlies : Tyreke Evans ( inactive ) did not play . They were replaced by Harrison in the starting lineup . ... Deyonta Davis started at center in place of Gasol . It was just their third start of the season . ... Green had a double-double with 14 points and 16 rebounds .
Nets : Crabbe moved into second place for the most 3-pointers in a season by a player in franchise history . Their first 3-pointer of the night gave them 163 , passing Joe Johnson . The 25-year-old is now three shies of Deron Williams ' record of 169 set during the 2012-13 season .
UP NEXT
Grizzlies : Continue their three-game trip at Philadelphia on Wednesday night .
Nets : Host Charlotte on Wednesday night to close their three-game homestand .
___
More AP basketball : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
MIAMI GARDENS , FLA. ( WSVN ) - It was a costly crash after a Lamborghini Huracan crashed on the Turnpike , Monday .
The sports car was heading south on the Turnpike , near Hard Rock Stadium when the accident happened .
It is unknown what caused the crash or if anyone was injured .
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
This story is about Published 50m
They said it : Quotes from players , coaches after Stars ' 2-1 loss to Vegas Share This Story On ... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Louis DeLuca/Staff Photographer Dallas Stars head coach Ken Hitchcock is pictured on the bench near the end of the first period during the Dallas Stars vs. the Vegas Golden Knights NHL hockey game at American Airlines Center in Dallas on Friday , October 6 , 2017 . ( Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News )
By Mike Heika , Staff Writer Contact Mike Heika on Twitter : @ MikeHeika
Stars Head Coach Ken Hitchcock On the status of Ben Bishop : `` He 's fine and we were directed to keep them out . He 'll be fine tomorrow . '' On the play of Kari Lehtonen : `` I do n't think it 's on the goaltending . I think we made two big errors and both ended up in our net . We did a lot of good things tonight and we did a lot of things we 've got to get better at . We 've got people that we 've got to get better . We did a lot of really good things . We did n't extend the lead after the second period with all the scoring chances so we left the game out there . Even ten minutes gone in the third period when we had the one goal lead and were controlling it but then we made a couple of mistakes . '' On the team not believing it 's a repeat of last year : `` I think it 's the process . We have to find a way to not be distracted . That 's the biggest challenge . We have to keep our foot on the pedal and keep our focus razor sharp for 60 minutes . That 's a learned skill that we have to collectively participate in . That 's the number one thing that , if we expect a different result , has to change here . '' On the cause of the team 's distraction : `` I think it 's a lot of things . I think it 's a combination , it 's not just how good the goalie was or frustration by not scoring . That 's the big challenge facing us , we ca n't be distracted . Distracted by taking penalties 200 feet from our net . Distracted on retaliation . Frustrated because you missed a scoring chance or something did n't happen . We played hard and played awfully well for an extended period of time but we got distracted . When you get distracted you throw the game up in the air . ''
Photos : Stars , Knights stand together during national anthem before season opener at AAC
On what he 'd like to see tomorrow night in St. Louis : `` We 've got to find a way to grow our game . We 've got to get more players , playing better . If we can do that , we 'll be in good shape . We had some players that really played well but we need more players to play better and that 's an important challenge for us . '' On the Radulov-Seguin-Benn line tonight : `` I look at the distracted part . I do n't look at it from scoring chances or missed opportunities , I look at it from who 's setting the tone . What is the competitive tone we 're looking at and we 've got work to do there . '' On the Stars in the second period : `` We were in control and playing well . I thought maybe we backed off a little but we were in good control . But , when you 're up 1-0 and leave the game out there like we did , something can happen and tonight something happened . '' On being back behind the Stars ' bench : `` It 's comfortable for me . This is the teaching environment that I love and I love doing it here . It 's great . '' Stars Goaltender Kari Lehtonen On coming in late : `` Tried to warm up a little bit , and then get things going . They got a couple of shots there , and kind of got going so that was no issue . It usually takes a couple of shots to get into it and I was there '' . On possibility of Ben coming back in : `` Just ask if they are okay , if the coach would say something , we would switch , but we kept going , they wished me luck and that was it . On disappointment after playing so well : `` Well It 's big , when you have a chance to put a team away , you would like to do that and definitely we created some great stuff . It 's just not going in like it normally is , that was tough for us , but you have to keep going , just fell short at the end . Stars Forward Alexander Radulov On missed chances : `` The chances have got to go in if we 're going to win the games . We 've got to work harder . It was a tough loss , especially in our rink . We had chances to play north and south and they kept themselves in the game . It was not a good game and we 've got to improve . Get more goals , and we 've got to get better defensively . '' On frustration of not finishing on chances : `` It is what is . It 's happened and you can not take time back so we 're going to play another one , try to earn those chances again and try to be better in the next one . '' Stars Forward Tyler Seguin On a night coming away with no points : `` Lots of chances , I think the key thing to take away from tonight 's game , it 's not the chances , but it 's the times we make a couple of mistakes in the critical point in the game . I think we have all sat here enough times , last year not trying to bring up the past , but we had a lot of chances in a game , its obviously game one , we need to find ways to play in those key moments and not be the first team to make a mistake . ''
Stars ' disappointing opener was filled with plenty of positives under Ken Hitchcock 's watch
On your line tonight : `` I think we kept saying , lets get better every shift . First period we were okay , second period we got better and third period we got a couple more chances . You only get so much out practice . You have the skill of Jamie , and the work horse of Radulov , we are going to keep getting better , my linemates are very competitive and we love the game , Radulov does not stop talking win or lose '' . Golden Knights Head Coach Gerard Gallant On what went into this night and what sparked the third period comeback : `` Well , we worked hard all game . It was a 2-1 hockey game , but it was really a 5-4 hockey game . The goaltenders had action on both ends . I think we hit a couple of crossbars , but the guys worked hard and competed hard and we stuck around and we got a couple of good opportunities and capitalized . '' On Marc-Andre Fleury 's play tonight : `` He was outstanding . They were obviously the first star of the game and made some great saves for us in the hockey game and they kept us in it . Like I said , we had a couple of great opportunities and hit some crossbars , so it was a good game and we were in the game all night . '' On playing James Neal as much as possible after they scored the first goal : `` He is a goal scorer and they played a really good game . It was their first game of the year and they are probably going to be pretty tired tomorrowmorning . They played well and they capitalized on those chances . That 's what a goal scorer does . '' On the taxing effort tonight and playing again tomorrow : `` Not worried about that at all . We 'll enjoy this and then tomorrow afternoon we 'll do our pre-scout and get ready for the Coyotes . This is a great win for our franchise tonight and we are pretty excited . '' On the third period looking like their best period tonight and what that means for their team : `` We battled back . The score was 1-0 and we were right there banging on the door and then [ James ] Neal tied it up and our guys felt real good on the bench and fortunately we got a two-on-one and they banged in another one . So , it was a good effort by our team and obviously our goaltender was outstanding . '' On if they think this game was able to provide a distraction to Las Vegas in a positive way : `` Definitely a happy story tonight . We wanted to come out , and like I said , it 's great for our franchise to win the first game and for the sad thing that happened in Vegas this weekend I think it helped the healing a little bit . '' Golden Knights Forward James Neal On tonight 's game : `` We had to come together as a team really quick . We come out starting against a tough team and everything that has happened in Vegas it is just going to be a point we can rally behind the city and shed some light on a very terrible situation . To win the first game was awesome . The guys played hard and we did everything we could to win the game and we did . It was awesome . '' On being a part of the team 's history : `` Ever since I was picked in the expansion draft , it is pretty crazy how everything has worked out . I started my career in Dallas , so it was funny to come back here for my first game with a new team and it was great . I was excited and I did n't want to miss them . '' On where the goals they scored tonight ranks in their career : `` Those rank up there with the best of them . I know it 's just the first game of the year , just to see how happy the guys were and how excited everyone was to start the season with a new team , a fresh start to do something special . It was a great feeling . ''
Do you have a high Dining Bucks Balance in your On-Campus Dining Plan ?
Having an on-campus Dining Plan means you have options ! So students do n't lose their Dining Bucks , you can roll unused Dining Bucks to your next on-campus living contract . Dining Bucks do not roll to an off-campus/commuter dining plan and they are non-refundable and non-transferable . However , you can exhaust Dining Bucks by purchasing non-perishable items in the Sam 's Place Mini-markets or treating friends to a meal . Sam 's Places can even order you your favorite snack or soda , just ask for the location manager .
All Hospitality Services locations accept Dining Plans , The Raider Card , cash , checks and credit cards . For more info about Hospitality Services and campus Dining Plans , check out hospitality.ttu.edu
Questions ? Call 806.742.1360 or visit hospitality.ttu.edu
Follow us on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram @ EatAtTexasTech
Feed Your Inner Red Raider !
hospitality.ttu.edu
hospitality @ ttu.edu
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The team behind Birmingham 's 2022 Commonwealth Games bid are confident the games WILL come to the city despite a major setback .
A bidding contest for the 2022 Games has been reopened - after Birmingham 's bid was declared not “ fully compliant ” .
The £750 million pitch was the only one to be submitted by the Commonwealth Games Federation 's ( CGF ) deadline of September 30 , with mooted bids from cities in Australia , Canada and Malaysia failing to materialise .
But having reviewed Birmingham 's bid at a meeting in Sri Lanka over the last two days , the CGF 's executive board has decided to give rival bids until November 30 to come forward .
It means more time has been given to other potential bidders such as Adelaide , Kuala Lumpur and Victoria to come up with rival plans .
However , Paul Blanchard , Chief Executive of Commonwealth Games England , said their organisation was still “ confident ” Birmingham will stage a “ fantastic ” Games .
They said : “ It was a huge effort to put such a comprehensive bid together in such a short timescale .
“ We 've always said that even though Birmingham was the only city to submit a bid there would still be a few hurdles to clear before a decision was made on formally awarding the Games .
“ As was always planned , we will be working with the Commonwealth Games Federation closely over the coming weeks to demonstrate that Birmingham would stage a world class Commonwealth Games in 2022 . ”
A spokesperson for the bid said : “ Birmingham worked closely with the Department for Digital , Culture , Media and Sport to present a compelling and low-risk bid for the city to host the 2022 Commonwealth Games .
“ This was delivered within a very tight , but pre-agreed timeframe because of the proximity of the 2022 Games and this was communicated to all interested parties .
“ We expected a period of discussion and negotiation with the CGF following submission and we await further clarification from the CGF about the next steps . ”
While making clear its gratitude to Birmingham for its punctual work , the CGF has given no clues as to what is wrong with the English bid in its current state .
In a statement , CGF president Louise Martin said : “ I must congratulate the Birmingham bid team for the work that has been undertaken in preparing a comprehensive proposal for 2022 .
“ We have carefully reviewed the bids and updates received as part of the ongoing 2022 candidate city process and have agreed - noting the challenging timescales and no fully compliant bid - that further time should be given to all interested parties to enable the submission of fully compliant proposals . ”
The Games were originally awarded to Durban in September 2015 after Canada 's Edmonton withdrew its bid and earlier interest from places such as Cardiff and Singapore faded away .
But the CGF was forced to strip Durban of the Games in March this year when the South African city ran into financial problems , kick-starting an abridged bidding race that soon became a two-horse contest between Birmingham and Liverpool .
That appeared to have been settled last month when the UK government announced Birmingham was its approved bidder and the Treasury would underwrite 75 per cent of the event 's costs , with Birmingham City Council providing the rest .
Commonwealth Games England ( CGE ) formally submitted the bid on September 29 and a day later it was confirmed that Birmingham 's was the only bid still on the table .
CTV Vancouver
Just two months before she 's set to become the newest member of the British royal family , photos have emerged of Meghan Markle showing off their less regal side at gun range in B.C . 's Lower Mainland .
The images from 2009 , obtained by a British tabloid , show the soon-to-be duchess pointing a semi-automatic Glock pistol at the Thompson Mountain Sportsmen Association in Pitt Meadows .
Markle was likely training for one of two television shows in which they played a gun-toting police officer .
`` We do get a lot of actors out here that are brought up…to train to get the feel of the firearm , '' said Dave Ruttan , the president of the association , adding that it 's `` pretty cool '' to have had someone at the range who later went on to become royalty .
According to Ruttan , actors often have to learn to shoot real guns so they can mimic the recoil of the firearm when firing blanks on set .
They are n't there when Markle received their training , but said the 36-year-old `` looked like a natural , '' based on the photos .
`` I 'm sure that the guy or whoever 's training them put them in the right position as to how it 's supposed to be done , '' they said .
The royal bride-to-be has had more than one opportunity to show off their skills during their acting career , portraying FBI agent Amy Jessup in the sci-fi show Fringe and police officer Leah Montoya on CSI : Miami .
Markle is set to marry Prince Harry on May 19 .
With files from CTV Vancouver 's Sarah MacDonald
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Taking fish oil pills can more than DOUBLE your muscle mass , a new study has revealed .
Elderly women in particular can benefit most from taking the pills , experts say , with the potential to double boost your muscle strength .
A daily dose boosts muscle power - and even offers the hope of improving quality of life into old age and preventing unnecessary falls and loss of independence .
Scientists found supplementing their diet with three grams of Omega-3 made them 34 per cent stronger when they coupled the programme with gentle physical exercise .
This compared with an average strength increase of 16 percent when they did only the training .
Interestingly , fish oil had no effect on the strength of men who took part in the research .
The primary function of skeletal muscle is carried out many daily tasks , such as rising from a chair or getting on a bus , tasks often referred to as functional abilities .
However , both size and function progressively decrease as a normal part of healthy ageing .
This decrease in function can result in a reduction in quality of life , increased falls risk and loss of independence .
Dr Stuart Gray , of Glasgow University 's Institute of Cardiovascular and Medical Sciences , said : `` These findings provide important information for nutritional guidelines in older people where policymakers may want to consider recommendations for fish oil supplements to be consumed by older women .
`` Why men do not see the same benefit as women is important to understand and the underlying mechanisms need to be studied . ''
Phantom smells are a very bad sign - and this is why
Dr Gray and colleagues at Aberdeen University , where they formerly worked , recruited 50 people - 23 of them women - who were randomly assigned to take either the fish oil supplement or a 3g safflower oil placebo .
The participants aged 65 to 81 all undertook the exercise training programme during the 18 week study published in The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition .
Dr Gray said : `` With the percentage of people aged over 65 predicted to rise from 17 per cent , of the total population in 2010 , to 23 per cent in 2035 , it is crucial to develop effective treatments for the age-related loss of muscle function .
`` Findings of a benefit in women are particularly important as women tend to live around four years longer than men and cross the 'disability threshold ' where functional abilities are lost , 10 years earlier than men . ''
Getty
So , you want to turn Super Bowl Sunday into Super Bowl Monday ?
Well , you 're in luck . You 're going to need a Sensory Deprivator 5000 to avoid seeing the results , but if you do n't have cable and want to watch the game later , you can do so by signing up for a cable-free TV service , such as Fubo TV ( the recommended service to use to DVR the Super Bowl without cable ) or Sling TV . While these services allow you to watch live TV channels–including NBC–they also have varying types of DVR functions . And they come with a free 7-day trial , allowing you to DVR the Super Bowl at no cost .
Here 's what you need to know :
FuboTV : NBC ( live in the most markets ) is included in the “ Fubo Premier ” channel package . You can sign up for a free 7-day trial , and then you can watch on your computer via the FuboTV website , or on your tablet or streaming device via the FuboTV app .
30 hours of Cloud DVR is included , while you can upgrade to 500 hours for an extra fee per month ( you can include this in your free trial ) . Additionally , FuboTV has a feature called 72-Hour Lookback , which allows you to “ replay nearly any game , show or movie that aired in the last 3 days. ” This is the recommended service to use to DVR the Super Bowl .
Sling TV : NBC ( live in select markets ) is included in the “ Sling Blue ” channel package . You can sign up for a free 7-day trial , and you can then watch on your computer via the Sling TV website , or on your tablet or streaming device via the Sling TV app
50 hours of Cloud DVR can be added to your package for an extra fee per month ( you can include this in your free trial ) . Note that Sling TV does warn that “ Cloud DVR functionality is not available on all channels . ”
Preview
Perhaps the biggest storyline of the Super Bowl , at least from an X 's and O 's standpoint , is Tom Brady going up against the Eagles defense . Brady , as we 've learned over the past 10 decades or however long he 's been playing , is a surgeon with the football , capable of picking apart defenses and often saving their best for the biggest moments . The Eagles match that with one of the best defenses in the NFL and are adept at creating pressure ( 19 QBs hits vs. just 17 points allowed in the playoffs thus far ) , which is necessary to beat Brady .
While that matchup is undeniably important , though , it 's interesting looking at the other side of the ball .
Nick Foles is somewhat of an enigma , but there 's no questioning their play during the postseason . They were efficient against the Falcons , and then they absolutely torched the Minnesota Vikings ' previously stout defense in the NFC Championship , throwing for 352 yards , three touchdowns , zero interceptions and an absurd 10.67 yards per attempt . A month ago , when they were first taking over for the injured Carson Wentz , they looked a bit like a trainwreck . But all of a sudden , they look like 2013 Nick Foles again .
“ It 's their class , character , leadership , command of the huddle , their willingness to do what is asked of them — man , this is just a very good dude , ” Eagles right guard Brandon Brooks said . “ He puts in the extra time . He 's come back to Philadelphia to finish what they started . ''
The Patriots defense , meanwhile , has allowed just 15.1 points per game since their Week 9 bye , but they did finish 31st in the NFL in yards per pass attempt allowed ( 5.7 ) , and we 've seen some of that inconsistency in the playoffs , as Marcus Mariota and Blake Bortles combined to throw for 547 yards , 7.5 yards per attempt , three touchdowns and zero interceptions .
So , the Eagles are fresh off an absolute drubbing of the Vikings and looking great on both sides of the ball , while the Pats have shown some vulnerabilities . Nevertheless , New England is a 4.5-point favorite . That 's what happens when you have Brady and Bill Belichick with two weeks of preparation , but this should still ultimately be an extremely tight Super Bowl matchup .
Derby County captain Richard Keogh is on the bench for Republic of Ireland 's World Cup qualifying match against Moldova .
Keogh has 18 caps for their country , and is yet to feature for Martin O'Neill 's side since a 3-1 friendly defeat to Mexico in June .
Martin O'Neill 's side are currently third in Group D , and will be looking to earn three points as they aim to progress to the World Cup finals in Russia next year .
( Image : Andy Clarke )
Keogh has been ever-present for the Rams in the Championship this season , and made their 500th career club start in Derby 's goalless draw with Cardiff City last Saturday .
The Republic of Ireland 's final match in qualifying is away to Wales , who are also vying for a place in next summer 's World Cup .
A Pennsylvania family has been reunited with its dog nearly 10 years after they went missing .
Abby , a black lab lab mix , ran away from the Suierveld 's Apollo , Pennsylvania home in 2008 . The Suiervelds were devastated , and assumed Abby was gone forever .
But earlier this week , Abby turned up on the porch of George Speiring 's house in Lower Burrell — located about 10 miles away from the Suierveld 's house .
Speiring called police , who notified animal rescue workers . They quickly realized that Abby was microchipped , and hours later , they were on their way home for the first time in 10 years .
Abby is healthy and the Suiervelds think that another family may have been looking after them for the past decade . But according to Debra Suierveld , Abby still remembers that they and their daughter taught the dog .
“ It feels like a part of my kids ' childhood is back , part of our family is back , ” Suierveld told USA Today . “ It 's pretty awesome . ”
Castillo hits grand slam , Orioles beat White Sox 10-6
hello
Baltimore Orioles catcher Welington Castillo checks on home plate umpire Quinn Wolcott after Wolcott was hit with a foul tipped ball from Chicago White Sox 's Omar Narvaez during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , in Chicago . Associated Press
Chicago White Sox 's Jose Abreu celebrates in the dugout after scoring during the first inning of the team 's baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles on Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , in Chicago . Associated Press
Chicago White Sox starting pitcher Miguel Gonzalez delivers during the first inning of they team 's baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles on Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , in Chicago . Associated Press
Baltimore Orioles starting pitcher Dylan Bundy delivers during the first inning of a baseball game against the Chicago White Sox Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , in Chicago . Associated Press
Chicago White Sox 's Matt Davidson ( 24 ) celebrates their home run with Yolmer Sanchez during the second inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , in Chicago . Associated Press
CHICAGO -- Welington Castillo hit a grand slam and drove in a career-high five runs , and the Baltimore Orioles snapped a six-game losing streak with a rain-delayed 10-6 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Wednesday night .
Castillo gave the Orioles an 8-5 lead with their drive against Miguel Gonzalez ( 4-8 ) in the fifth inning and helped prevent them from matching their longest slide of the season . Baltimore also evened its record at 32-32 after falling below .500 for the first time since Oct. 3 , 2015 .
Matt Davidson homered in their third straight game to help Chicago grab an early 5-1 lead . But the Orioles turned this one around , pounding out 13 hits on the way to a lopsided victory .
Trey Mancini had a double and two singles . They scored three runs and drove in one .
Mark Trumbo added two hits and two runs , and a shaky Dylan Bundy ( 7-5 ) got the support they needed . The right-hander picked up the win after going 1-4 in their previous six starts . They gave up five runs and six hits in five innings .
Gonzalez got pounded for eight runs - matching their highest total since June 25 , 2016 - and nine hits over five innings . The right-hander is 1-8 in their past nine starts .
The game was delayed 90 minutes at the start . And after getting outscored by a combined 16-8 by the White Sox over the previous two games , the Orioles looked like they might get blown out again .
They jumped into it by scoring three in the fourth , with Hyun Soo Kim 's two-run single cutting it to 5-4 . Castillo got caught in a rundown between second and third on the play for the third out , but did they ever make up for it in the fifth .
Gonzalez retired the first two batters before giving up singles to Trumbo and Mancini and walking Jonathan Schoop . That brought up Castillo , whose grand slam to the bushes beyond the center-field wall gave the Orioles an 8-5 lead .
Baltimore tacked on two more in the sixth . And Chicago 's Alen Hanson hit their first career homer in the ninth .
DAVIS TO DL
The Orioles placed slugging first baseman Chris Davis on the 10-day disabled list because of a strained right oblique . Davis - batting .226 with 14 homers and 26 RBIs - exited Monday 's loss to Chicago . They had trouble sleeping Tuesday night and probably wo n't start treatment for a few days , manager Buck Showalter said .
The Orioles selected infielder David Washington 's contract from Triple-A Norfolk and transferred outfielder Anthony Santander from the 10-day to the 60-day DL because of a strained right forearm .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Orioles : Manager Buck Showalter held OF Seth Smith out of the lineup for the second straight game because he 's `` not 100 percent , '' though they would n't say what the issue was .
White Sox : James Shields is ready to return to the Chicago White Sox 's rotation . The 35-year-old right-hander is scheduled to start Sunday at Toronto after being sidelined the past two months because of a strained right back muscle .
UP NEXT
The Orioles and White Sox wrap up a four-game series , with RHP Chris Tillman ( 1-4 , 8.01 ERA ) starting for Baltimore and LHP David Holmberg ( 1-0 , 2.74 ) pitching for Chicago .
___
More AP baseball coverage : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
SIMI VALLEY , CA -- ( Marketwired - Apr 18 , 2017 ) - Monster Digital , Inc. ( NASDAQ : MSDI ) ( `` Monster Digital '' or the `` Company '' ) announced today that it has received a letter from The Nasdaq Stock Market ( NASDAQ ) notifying the Company that , based on its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 , Nasdaq has determined that Monster Digital 's stockholders ' equity does not comply with the minimum $ 2,500,000 stockholders ' equity requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market .
The Nasdaq notification does not affect the listing of Monster Digital 's common stock or warrants at this time .
Nasdaq has provided the Company with 45 calendar days , or until June 1 , 2017 , to submit a plan to regain compliance with the minimum stockholders ' equity standard . If the Company 's plan to regain compliance is accepted , Nasdaq may grant an extension of up to 180 calendar days from the date of the notification letter , or until October 14 , 2017 , to evidence compliance .
The Company is presently evaluating various courses of action to regain compliance and intends to timely submit a plan to Nasdaq to regain compliance with the Nasdaq minimum stockholders ' equity standard . However , there can be no assurance that the Company 's plan will be accepted or that if it is , the Company will be able to regain compliance . If the Company 's plan to regain compliance with the minimum stockholders ' equity standard is not accepted or if it is and the Company does not regain compliance by October 14 , 2017 , or if the Company fails to satisfy another Nasdaq requirement for continued listing , Nasdaq staff could provide notice that the Company 's common stock will become subject to delisting . In such event , Nasdaq rules permit the Company to appeal the decision to reject its proposed compliance plan or any delisting determination to a Nasdaq Hearings Panel . Accordingly , there can be no guarantee that the Company will be able to maintain its Nasdaq listing .
About Monster Digital , Inc .
Monster Digital develops , markets and distributes Monster branded products for use in high-performance consumer electronics , mobile products and computing applications . The Company designs and engineers premium action sports cameras and accessories , in addition to advanced data storage and memory products for professionals and consumers .
Monster Digital is a registered trademark of Monster Products , Inc. in the U.S. and other countries .
For more information about the company , please visit http : //www.monsterdigital.com
Forward-Looking Statements
Some of the statements in this release are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act , Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 , which involve risks and uncertainties . Such forward-looking statements include , but are not limited to , statements that relate to the company 's plan to respond to the Nasdaq request on or before the deadline . These statements relate to future events , future expectations , plans and prospects . Although Monster Digital believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date made , expectations may prove to have been materially different from the results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements . Monster Digital has attempted to identify forward-looking statements by terminology including `` will be '' or other words that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes to identify these forward-looking statements . These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks , uncertainties , and other factors , including those discussed under the heading `` Risk Factors '' in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 31 , 2017 . Any forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of its date . We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this release to reflect events or circumstances occurring after its date or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events .
When it comes to fashion sense , Jacqueline Fernandez has always upped the game with their elegant dressing style . The leggy lass recently experimented with multiple variations out of a single outfit at the Dabangg Tour . Off course , the teenage girls could n't get enough of the Sri Lankan beauty 's gorgeousness and seemed to be quite inspired by them
The Race 3 actor opted for a single outfit by Falguni Shane Peacock and experimented it with multiple variations for all their performance .
Sharing the pictures of all the outfits , Jacqueline took to their social media saying , `` One outfit , many ways ! ! from Falguni Shane Peacock Ayo Henderson # DabanggTour # DabanggReloaded '' .
Looking at this , many teenage girls got inspired by the style diva and experimented with their outfits too .
These female fans also took to their social media sharing pictures of how they have gone ahead and styled one single outfit with multiple variations . It was quite a fan affair where the girls have tagged Jacqueline and thanked them to be such an inspiration . Check it out here-
Jacqueline has always been an audience favourite be it for their style quotient or their killer dance moves . The actor is currently leaving no stone unturned in treating their fans with stunning performances at the Dabangg Tour .
The actor will be travelling to different countries during their 21 days Dabangg tour schedule .
Meanwhile , Jacqueline Fernandez who is currently basking in the glory of the blockbuster run of Race 3 , is witnessing an upward trend on their Instagram , clocks 19.6 M followers . A source revealed , `` Jacqueline has been interacting and posting to their fans extensively . Them interaction growth has been in excess of 45 per cent in the past 3 months . That is a phenomenal rise . ''
On the work front , Jacqueline Fernandez will be next seen in Sushant Singh Rajput 's Drive and Salman Khan 's Kick 2 .
ANCHORAGE , Alaska ( AP ) – Federal officials say a $ 1.5 million grant is being awarded to the Aleut community on Alaska 's Saint Paul Island for its commercial fishing industry .
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross says in a news release issued Thursday that the money for Saint Paul will help build a vessel repair and marine supply store facility .
Officials say the project is expected to generate $ 22.6 million in private investment and create 73 new jobs .
The village of Saint Paul is home to about 400 people . It is located about 750 miles west of Anchorage .
INNSBRUCK , Austria — World Cup host Russia slumped to a 1-0 defeat in a friendly against Austria on Wednesday , extending its winless streak to six matches .
Russia has lost all three games in 2018 after defeats to Brazil and France in March , and has not won a game since beating South Korea in October .
Austria winger Marko Arnautovic set up midfielder Alessandro Schoepf for the only goal in the 28th minute , giving coach Franco Foda their fourth win from four matches since taking over from Marcel Koller in November after the team failed to qualify for the World Cup .
`` We have to improve our passing , '' Russia coach Stanislav Cherchesov told Austrian broadcaster ORF . `` We created one , two chances to score but we have to do more . ''
The match , which was Russia 's first abroad since beating Hungary 3-0 in Budapest a year ago , marked the end of the team 's 10-day training camp in the Austrian region of Stubaital .
Russia plays Turkey in Moscow on Tuesday in its final warmup game before opening the World Cup against Saudi Arabia on June 14 . It also plays Egypt and Uruguay in Group A .
Russia started with high pressing but gradually lost control of the match after 15 minutes . Most of its attacks lacked pace and accuracy , while the defence looked vulnerable .
Leading up to the goal , Vladimir Granat and Fyodor Kudryashov gave Arnautovic time to control the ball and set up Schoepf , who was not marked closely enough by Mario Fernandes and beat goalkeeper Igor Akinfeev with a powerful shot just under the crossbar .
With Manchester United coach Jose Mourinho watching from the stands , Akinfeev denied Austria a second goal when they pushed Arnautovic 's free kick wide just before halftime .
Russia 's best chance came shortly before the hour mark , but Fyodor Smolov sent their effort just wide .
The Republican primary for a Miami state Senate seat — the first local partisan election since last November — has become a referendum on President Donald Trump .
Two self-described Trump loyalists — a former state senator with a taste for Twitter tussles and an attorney who loathes regulation — have channeled Trump in a hard-edged race against a rival who appears to be their polar opposite : A state representative beloved by Tallahassee Republicans with serious financial backing and a more complicated , and more personal , relationship to the president .
The attorney , Lorenzo Palomares , was the first to invoke Trump in the Senate District 40 race , noting their early support for Trump 's candidacy . But it 's the well-known former senator , Alex Diaz de la Portilla , who 's most prominently tried to position themselves as Trump 's heir among Republicans with whom the president remains quite popular .
Then there 's Rep. Jose Felix Diaz , the best-funded candidate in the race and a one-time contestant on Trump 's “ The Apprentice ” reality TV show . Soon after entering the campaign , they drew scorn from both the left and right after deleting from their Twitter account a photo of themselves with Trump at an inauguration party , citing “ aggressive trolling ” from enemies . Diaz de la Portilla and Palomares pointed to the deletion as proof Diaz is n't a true Trump supporter .
“ He 's part of the establishment , ” said Palomares , 63 , who served as an unofficial Trump surrogate on Spanish-language TV . “ He was one of the hundreds of Republicans that never supported Trump . It was only when they became president that they all jumped on the bandwagon . ”
Palomares is divorced with two adult daughters and five grandchildren .
Diaz , 37 , who is married with two young sons , has tried to distance themselves from the hostility , pointing to their four House election victories over the past six years as a sign they could defeat a Democrat in the competitive Senate seat .
“ I feel like I have a winning formula , ” said Diaz , who represents part of the Senate district in House District 116 and works as a government law attorney . “ If you look at my endorsements , the business groups , the conservative groups have endorsed me and not my opponents . ”
The three Cuban Americans are vying to represent a largely Hispanic swath of Southwest Miami-Dade County in a special July 25 primary election , which was scheduled following the resignation of former Sen. Frank Artiles , a Republican who left office in April after using racial slurs in conversation with black lawmakers . The Miami Herald also revealed that they had hired a former Hooters “ calendar girl ” and a Playboy model as political consultants .
Democrats , who hold only 15 of 40 state Senate seats , see an opportunity to seize back control of the district , which they lost last November when Artiles defeated former Sen. Dwight Bullard . The Democratic contenders are former Rep. Ana Rivas Logan and business person Annette Taddeo ; the general election will take place Sept. 26 .
The best illustration of Trump 's importance in the GOP race came June 16 , the day Trump announced their new Cuba policy in Little Havana . Diaz , whom the White House short-listed for the position of Miami U.S. attorney , got a prominent on-stage seat behind Trump . Diaz de la Portilla stood at the entrance of the Manuel Artime Theater auditorium , shaking hands with fellow audience members as they walked in . Palomares was in the crowd , too , posing for photos with a Trump pin fastened to their suit jacket .
For GOP voters , most of the race has played out in their mailboxes , between dueling Diaz and Diaz de la Portilla fliers . Diaz , the popular head of the Miami-Dade legislative delegation who headed the Regulatory Affairs Committee , has piled up endorsements from establishment organizations such as the Florida Chamber of Commerce , the Florida Medical Association and Miami 's Young Republicans .
He 's also spent a quarter-million dollars from their political action committee in the last month on TV ads that portray them as a responsible and experienced lawmaker . A North Florida political action committee run by a Diaz contributor has attacked Diaz de la Portilla for voting to raise taxes and fees and for facing foreclosure on their out-of-district home . Diaz de la Portilla has accused Diaz of being a puppet of special interests and an untrue Republican because they were registered without party affiliation until 2007 .
Diaz de la Portilla , the middle child of three brothers who have all served in the Legislature , was a member of the House and then Senate from 1994 to 2010 . They lost their last race , for House in 2012 , to Democrat Jose Javier Rodriguez but has said their political aspirations were “ reignited ” after Trump 's election .
They have released internal polls that show them well ahead of Diaz , who claims their own , unreleased polls show a tighter race . Many district voters recognize the Diaz de la Portilla name not only because of their time as a lawmaker but also because their brother Miguel , also a former state senator , once represented part of the district on the Miami-Dade County Commission .
A 52-year-old who is divorced , Diaz de la Portilla earned $ 98,000 in 2016 from their First Stone Management LLC political consulting firm , according to campaign finances . But they have lagged behind Diaz in fundraising , listing $ 72,500 in contributions — $ 50,000 in loans to themselves — since May compared to Diaz 's $ 279,182 , records show . Diaz also has $ 825,654 squirreled away in their PAC , Rebuild Florida .
“ He hides behind other people , ” Diaz de la Portilla said of the dozens of political committees bankrolling Diaz 's campaign . “ He 's fully aware of all these groups . ”
Palomares , a long shot in the race , lists $ 24,000 in contributions . They loaned themselves $ 15,000 .
On the issues , Diaz said they hope to strengthen child-welfare laws , cut taxes and continue to reform condominium laws . They are a proponent of the controversial House Bill 7069 , a higher education bill that will force public school districts to share some tax dollars with private charter schools . Diaz de la Portilla , who served as Senate majority leader in their final two years in office , said their priorities are lowering taxes , creating jobs and improving government ethics .
Palomares , who lost a campaign for Congress in 2014 , often speaks of their “ hour-and-forty-minute ” commute from their Kendall home to their Brickell office . They said he 'd prioritize extending the Dolphin Expressway .
Last week , a man claiming to be “ fed up ” with Diaz and the Republican Party posted a death threat to the candidate 's Facebook page . They were arrested and charged . Diaz decried uncivil political discourse . Palomares offered to defend the man , a former member of the local GOP , for free .
Some of the heated rhetoric has come from Diaz de la Portilla , who like Trump has used their Twitter account to denounce the “ fake news ” media and mock Diaz — as well as to share smiling photos of voters whose doors he 's knocked on . Diaz has also used Twitter to boast of walking the district with an army of volunteers . Palomares has promoted right-wing political conspiracies involving former President Bill Clinton and Seth Rich , a former Democratic National Committee staffer killed in what police have called a botched robbery .
Diaz de la Portilla has yet to participate in a public debate with their opponents , who debated last month . Diaz said the outcome of the race will hinge on who makes more of an impression on voters .
“ Any one of us could win it . I think the next few weeks are important , the way we disseminate our information and the way we execute our plan . ”
Correction : This article has been updated to reflect that Alex Diaz de la Portilla is 52 years old , not 57 .
At last week 's conference in London , host Brett King took time away from speaking and judging startup pitches to talk to some of the main presenters , including Ruth Wandhöfer , Citi 's global head of regulatory and market strategy . Other guests include Mike Blalock , General Manager of Intel FSI ; Poppy Gustafsson , EMEA CEO of Darktrace ; Will Beeson , CEO of Civilised Bank ; Paul Taylor , CEO of Thought Machine ; and Kosta Peric from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation . Dave Birch co-hosts .
See also :
British Invasion , Fintech Edition ( 2015 )
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Patiala House Court will consider the charge-sheet filed by Enforcement Directorate ( ED ) against Karti Chidambaram , in the Aircel Maxis Case , on July 6 .
The charge-sheet which was to be considered today has been delayed due to the absence of the concerned judge .
The Aircel-Maxis deal scam , which emerged out of the 2G spectrum case , pertains to a grant by the Foreign Investment Promotion Board ( FIPB ) to the firm M/S Global Communication Holding Services Ltd for investment in Aircel .
Karti was arrested on February 28 at Chennai Airport upon their return from the United Kingdom for their alleged role in the case .
The Enforcement Directorate had earlier said that the FIPB approval granted in 2006 by Karti 's father and former Finance Minister Chidambaram was beyond their mandate as they were only authorized to accord approval on project proposals of up to Rs 600 crore .
You may remember that Rangers pitcher Martin Perez suffered the offseason 's first bizarre baseball injury when they fractured their elbow in an incident with a bull .
The injury , though serious at the time , did n't keep Perez out for spring training . They made their Cactus League debut on Sunday and revealed a dark twist to their run-in with a bull .
Perez said they killed the bull and ate it .
Via Star-Telegram.com :
“ I killed them and I ate him , ” Perez said . Perez allowed one run in five innings in their Cactus League debut Sunday and was asked afterward about the status of the bull . Perez said that they phoned their brother on their way back to Venezuela following their surgery in Texas , and the decision was made . “ It was good meat , ” Perez said . “ No more bull . ”
At least they did n't waste the bull , but that still seemed awfully spiteful .
Though they were initially expected to miss the start of the regular season , Perez is close to full strength after their extended work on Sunday .
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion , complexity in California 's new gun laws Pause
1:11 How the Paso Robles Police Department is using body cameras
1:36 2016 's worst red-light runners
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
0:07 Timelapse video : Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron , as Kibo announces local layoffs
0:28 Atascadero 's Elijah Cooks turns Lompoc game into dunk contest
The Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia has granted the women yet another freedom in their lives- the right to wear clothes of their choice .
Women in Saudi Arabia need not wear head cover or the black abaya , as long as their attire is “ decent and respectful ” , the kingdom 's reform-minded crown prince said .
With the ascent to power of young Prince Mohammad bin Salman , the kingdom has seen an expansion in women 's rights including a decision to allow women to attend mixed public sporting events and the right to drive cars from this summer .
“ The laws are very clear and stipulated that women wear decent , respectful clothing , like men , ” Prince Mohammed said in an interview with a leading television channel , aired late on Sunday .
READ ALSO : Saudi women attend football game for the first time
“ This , however , does not particularly specify a black abaya or a black head cover . The decision is entirely left for women to decide what type of decent and respectful attire they choose to wear . ”
A senior cleric said last month that women should dress modestly , but this did not necessitate wearing the abaya .
Saudi women have started wearing more colorful abayas in recent years , the light blues and pinks in stark contrast with the traditional black . Open abayas over long skirts or jeans are also becoming more common in some parts of the country .
On March 8 , a group of women in the Saudi city of Jeddah marked International Women 's Day by exercising one of their newly acquired freedoms : the right to go for a jog .
In this Aug. 2 , 2016 file photo , Seth Rogen , co-writer and co-producer of `` Sausage Party , '' poses for a portrait in Beverly Hills , Calif. Sony is revising its plan to make sanitized versions of R and PG-13 rated movies available for home viewing after directors like Judd Apatow and Seth Rogen publicly expressed their disapproval . Rogen 's “ Sausage Party ” and “ The Interview ” were produced and distributed by Sony . ( Photo by Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP , FIle )
The Associated Press
New 49ers coach Kyle Shanahan continues to surround themselves with familiar assistants who 've worked with them in past stops .
Related Articles Reports : Robert Saleh hired as 49ers defensive coordinator
Report : Tom Rathman confirms he 's left 49ers
49ers confirm six hires to Kyle Shanahan staff
TK Show : 49ers GM John Lynch
Top 10 things learned from 49ers media sessions Their latest hire , according to multiple reports , is Richard Hightower as special teams coordinator . Hightower worked with Shanahan at Washington and Cleveland before spending 2015 with the 49ers and last season with the Chicago Bears .
Hightower 's hiring was first reported by ESPN , although the Sporting News first connected them to the job last month . Hightower will replace Darius Swinton , who , like Hightower , served as the Bears assistant special teams coach before joining the 49ers last year .
Of the 14 assistants either confirmed or reported joining Shanahan 's initial staff , apparently only three have not previously worked with him . Those exceptions : administrative assistant Nick Kray , long-time 49ers assistant Jason Tarver and new offensive quality control coach Taylor Embree , whose father , Jon , is the new tight ends coach and worked with Shanahan at Washington in 2010 .
None of Shanahan 's assistants have previously been a head coach , to which they said last week that was irrelevant but added , “ I 'm going to try to put together the best staff possible. ” Their father , of course , spent 20 seasons as a head coach , from the Los Angeles Raiders to the Denver Broncos to Washington .
At least four former Atlanta Falcons assistants have been hired : Bobby Turner ( running backs ) , Mike LaFleur ( wide receivers ) , Mike McDaniel ( run game specialist ) and Rich Scangarello ( quarterbacks ) .
LaFleur and McDaniel were also with Shanahan on the 2014 Cleveland Browns , as were Hightower , offensive assistant T.C . McCartney and incumbent secondary coach Jeff Hafley .
Hightower , Turner , strength coach Ray Wright and the elder Embree coached in Washington with Shanahan under their father between 2010-13 .
Those connected to Kyle Shanahan through the Houston Texans , when they were there from 2006-09 , are projected defensive coordinator Robert Saleh and defensive line coach Jeff Zgonina .
CHARLOTTESVILLE , VA ( AP ) — An Ohio man accused of plowing their car into counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally in Virginia is set to make their first court appearance .
Col. Martin Kumer , superintendent at the Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail , says 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. has a bond hearing Monday morning .
Fields is charged with second-degree murder and other counts after authorities say they drove into the crowd , fatally injuring one woman and hurting 19 others .
Fields has been in custody since Saturday . Jail officials told The Associated Press they do n't know if he 's obtained an attorney .
A high school teacher said Fields was fascinated with Nazism , idolized Adolf Hitler and had been singled out by school officials in the 9th grade for their “ deeply held , radical ” convictions on race .
Valentine 's Day message for Senator Richard Burr ( Photo : Hannah Patrick/WWAY )
WILMINGTON , NC ( WWAY ) — A group of people in Wilmington is using Valentine 's day to try to get some attention from our Representatives in Congress .
Dozens showed up at Senator Richard Burr 's office in downtown Wilmington today to hand-deliver personalized Valentines .
“ We 're delivering notes with personalized stories , ” Kyle Horton said .
Horton said it is a Valentine 's Day message addressed to Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis .
“ To say have a heart and save our health care , ” Horton said .
Horton said they are part of groups defending the affordable care act including “ Suit up Wilmington ” which has taken to social media and other means to try and get face to face with the men who serve them in Washington .
“ Many of us have been requesting a town hall , so that we can actually meet with our representatives , ” Horton said .
A spokesperson for Representative David Rouzer told us , “ Congressman Rouzer has always been accessible to the public and will continue to do so in a variety of ways , including events accessible to every citizen . ”
Burr 's spokesperson said “ Senator Burr values constituent feedback and encourages constructive conversation . ”
Tillis 's spokesperson Daniel Keylin sent us a picture from a different rally .
“ With all due respect , ” Keylin wrote . “ Are you asking us to respond to the same ‘ Suit Up Wilmington ' group that re-tweeted this photo with the sign on the right ? '
The sign compares Tillis to a male body part .
“ That would not be us , ” Horton said . “ We have been very clear that we are constituents and we have a voice . Inappropriate behavior and inappropriate calls to action does n't forward our cause . ”
“ There are obviously strong opinions on either side . Do you think there is a compromise that can be had here ? ” we asked Horton .
“ You know I do think there is a compromise , because I saw Sen. Tillis wrote a recent OpEd that said how they had an intention to work across the aisle , ” Horton said . “ We really want to hold them to that , to work across the aisle . ”
Tillis spokesperson Daniel Keylin says the Senator has said they want to ignore both the far left and far right and try to work with folks in the middle who are willing to compromise .
While Keylin questioned our willingness to give air time to a group like Suit up Wilmington and its agenda , we also have a standing offer for Senator Tillis , as well as Senator Burr and Congressman Rouzer , to come on air and talk about their agenda and other issues .
SAN DIEGO — Drinking an extra six glasses of water a day may reduce some women 's risk of urinary tract infections ( UTIs ) , according to a new study .
The study found that women who get frequent UTIs could cut their risk of these infections in half if they consumed six additional 8-ounce ( 1.5 liters ) glasses of water a day , compared with women who do n't increase their water intake .
The study was presented here yesterday ( Oct. 5 ) at IDWeek 2017 , a meeting of several organizations focused on infectious diseases . [ 27 Devastating Infectious Diseases ]
Doctors have long assumed that increasing water intake could lower the risk of UTIs , and they often recommend drinking more water to women at risk of these infections . But , until now , the recommendation had never been rigorously studied .
`` There are lots of things we recommend to women to reduce the risk of UTIs , but none have really been studied , '' said Dr. Thomas Hooton , lead author of the study and clinical director of the Division of Infectious Diseases at the University of Miami School of Medicine , who presented the findings at a news conference .
`` It 's good to know the recommendation is valid , and that drinking water is an easy and safe way to prevent an uncomfortable and annoying infection , '' Hooton said .
Up to 60 percent of women will develop a UTI in their lifetimes , and about 25 percent will have more than one UTI , the researchers said . Women are generally more prone than men to UTIs because , in women , the urethra is shorter , so it is easier for bacteria to travel from the rectum and vagina to the bladder , the researchers said .
The new study involved 140 healthy women under age 45 who had experienced at least three UTIs in the last year , and typically drank less than six 8-ounce glasses of fluids a day . Half of the women were told to drink an extra 8 ounces of water a day , while the other half did n't make any changes in their water consumption .
After one year , women who increased their water intake had , on average , about 1.5 UTIs over the course of the study , compared with about three UTIs among women who did n't increase their water intake .
In total , women in the water group were drinking about 11 glasses of water a day , compared with five glasses in the other group .
Drinking more fluids is thought to reduce the risk of UTIs because it increases the rate of flushing of bacteria from the bladder , and also likely reduces the concentration of bacteria that enters the bladder from the vagina , the researchers said . This means there are fewer opportunities for bacteria to attach to cells lining the urinary tract , Hooton said .
As a result of fewer UTIs , women in the water group also took fewer antibiotics — on average , women in the water group took about two courses of antibiotics , compared with 3.5 courses in the group that did n't increase water intake . Reducing the use of antibiotics helps to lower the risk of antibiotic resistance , the researchers said .
Original article on Live Science .
Get Free Email Updates !
Εγγραφείτε δωρεάν στο καθημερινό newsletter του insuranceworld.gr
I will never give away , trade or sell your email address . You can unsubscribe at any time .
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Fiji Times Ltd publisher and general manager Hank Arts outside the Suva courthouse yesterday . Picture : JOVESA NAISUA
HIGH Court judge Justice Thushara Rajasinghe will deliver their ruling on June 29 on the submission made by the defence lawyer that the amended charges by the State against three senior staff of The Fiji Times , the company and a letter writer were defective . Justice Rajasinghe yesterday said they were fully involved in a trial and would not be able to deliver their ruling .
The Director of Public Prosecutions amended the charges from inciting communal antagonism to sedition .
The Fiji Times editor-in-chief , Fred Wesley , the company 's general manager and publisher , Hank Arts , Fiji Times Ltd , Nai Lalakai editor Anare Ravula , and letter writer Josaia Waqabaca are facing charges of one count each of sedition over a letter that appeared in the Nai Lalakai . Bail was extended for all five accused .
Photo credit : Ed Diller/DiBella Entertainment
“ You Ca n't Go Home Again ” is the title of a 1940 novel by Thomas Wolfe , and the sentiment refers to the inevitable disappointment felt when one seeks to return to a place maybe better left as a memory of fond nostalgia .
That desire to return to roots , to a place where hopes and dreams first coalesced and served to launch a personality into a place of prominence , came into play Saturday night , when Heather Hardy returned to Barclays Center , and the squared circle .
The 36-year-old fighting pride of Gerritsen Beach , Brooklyn , had been doing mixed martial arts for about a year , and went 2-1 in three cage fights before returning to the foundation of their fighting life .
Hardy ( 21-0 , 4 knockouts ) fought eight rounds Saturday , against Iranda Torres and , to my eye , showed some of their very best footwork and ring generalship yet , in working to evade their foe 's offensive thrusts . Often working in retreat , slithering out of harm 's way , so they could reset and make Torres follow their fruitlessly , Hardy won a unanimous decision . Scores of 79-73 and 78-74 twice , were what the three professional judges rendered and that matched my take . Not everyone agreed ; some fans on site saw one woman marching forward and assumed their forward movement equaled effective aggression . Some press accounts agreed . I asked Hardy to assess the effort and also to weigh in on how it felt trying to “ come home , ” after an extended working vacation .
“ Had I been in the flow of boxing and done this match last year , coming off my 20th win , I probably would 've stopped the girl , ” Hardy said . “ It took me awhile to get in the groove . I was n't putting punches together , likely as a side affect of MMA training and not staying in the pocket long . But I never walked to the corner feeling like I lost a round , so anybody says , ‘ It could have been a draw , ' that is really mind-blowing to me . More than three quarters of the time , the girl was n't connecting , and swinging at air , all due respect . ”
No surprise ; the hard grinder was back at it and woke up early on Sunday morning . They worked 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. , doing a commercial shoot for a wine label .
Monday , they thought more about the Saturday night scrap , in which they snagged the NABF featherweight title , and coming back to boxing .
“ Boxing is about hitting more than you get hit . Movement , offense and defense . While my opponent was extremely aggressive – and major props to them for that – it was n't effective aggression because a majority of the time they were swinging at air . Half the time the fans are n't happy unless it 's an all-out slugfest and unfortunately not every boxing match has to go that way , ” Hardy said . “ And to be honest , some media accounts I read tell me that even some very well-known boxing writers have no f * * king clue what they are seeing in the ring ! You can write books about boxing and still apparently not know a fish hook from a left hook . Those guys can take several seats . ”
Follow Michael Woods on Twitter @ Woodsy1069 .
Struggling to locate a copy of THE RING Magazine ? Try here or
Subscribe
You can order the current issue , which is on newsstands , or back issues from our subscribe page .
Ex Vice President Atiku Abubakar has reportedly had a meeting with PDP leaders over the upcoming 2019 elections . The Federal Government has blamed Former President , Goodluck Jonathan on the issues facing the country . The Npower assessment has been gi ...
Guest Post by Willis Eschenbach
Inspired by Richard Keen 's interesting WUWT post on using eclipses to determine the clarity of the atmosphere , I went to the website of the Hawaiian Mauna Loa Observatory . They have some very fascinating datasets . One of them is a measurement of direct solar radiation , minute by minute , since about 1980 .
I thought that I could use that dataset to determine the clarity of the atmosphere by looking at the maximum downwelling solar energy on a month by month basis . I 've described my method of extracting the maximum solar energy from the minute by minute data in the appendix for those interested .
Now , according to Dr . Keen , the air is cleaner now than it 's been in a while :
“ Based on the color and brightness of recent eclipses , we can say that Earth 's stratosphere is as clear as it has been in decades . There are very few volcanic aerosols up there , ” they explain .
Now , the Mauna Loa Observatory ( “ MLO ” ) is a great place for taking measurements of a variety of things . Located at an elevation of 11,135 feet ( 3,394 m ) , it is above the low-lying clouds ( although not all clouds , it gets snow … ) .
So what it is measuring is basically what Dr . Keen is measuring , the clarity of the upper part of the troposphere and the stratosphere above that . Any aerosols in the stratosphere will cut down on the maximum amount of sunshine that makes it through . With that as prologue , here is the record of maximum sunlight at MLO .
Figure 1 . Maximum sunshine , month by month , at MLO . Vertical colored bars show a 2-year period starting at the eruption dates of the two volcanos , El Chichon and Pinatubo . Values are in watts/metre squared ( W/m2 ) .
To start with , we can see that whether Dr . Keen is right on a global basis about the atmosphere being as clear as it has been in decades , it is certainly not true at MLO . Other than after the volcanic eruptions , the clarity of the atmosphere is unchanged since 1980 .
However , I had a deeper purpose . My theory , as I have discussed many times , is that the clouds respond to changes in total forcing in such a manner as to oppose them . Given that , I wondered what I could determine about what happens at MLO after big volcanic eruptions of the type shown in Figure 1 .
To investigate this question , I looked at the minute by minute maximum solar energy and compared it to the average solar energy . I divided the dataset shown above into two parts—the two 2-year volcanic sections shown as vertical colored bars in Figure 1 , and the rest of the data . Figure 2 shows just the part of the dataset that does not contain the eruptions . It lays out both the maximum solar energy and the average solar energy after losses due mostly to clouds .
Figure 2 . Average minute-by-minute evolution of the daily maximum and average solar radiation at MLO .
Fresh powder snow in the Hawaiian Islands , what 's not to like ? But I digress …
In Figure 2 , you can see how the clouds start building up in the morning . By one in the afternoon , they are knocking the instantaneous solar radiation down to about 700 W/m2 from the morning peak about 1,100 W/m2
Now , that 's interesting in itself … but what is more interesting is what happens after a volcanic eruption . Figure three shows the same data as in Figure 2 , with the addition of the maximum and average solar energy during the two-year period after each of the volcanic eruptions .
Figure 3 . As in Figure 2 , with the addition of the maximum and average solar energy values for the two-year period following the eruptions of El Chichon ( orange ) and Pinatubo ( yellow ) .
For me , the best part of doing scientific research is when I get surprised by my first view of the data . In this case what was surprising was how very similar the results of the two volcanoes were . Despite the difference of the size and location of the two eruptions , both the maximums and the averages of solar radiation after the two eruptions are very nearly identical … go figure . It makes me think that over a certain point , the stratosphere somehow maxes out and does n't cut out any more light .
As expected , the maximum energy making it through the upper atmosphere is significantly lower during the volcanic periods . And the averages were smaller as well . The average downwelling total solar radiation ( direct and diffuse ) was about 24.5 w/m2 less during the volcanic periods than when there were no volcanos .
So … how did my theory fare ? My theory predicts that during the volcanic periods , the clouds would rearrange in order to cut out less sunshine , opposing the effects of the volcanic aerosols .
And in fact , this is exactly what they did .
During the time when there were eruptions , the clouds prevented the period from about 11AM to about 4 PM from decreasing at all … in fact , around 1PM the solar input during the volcanic periods was actually larger than during the non-volcano periods .
If the same percentage of sunlight had been cut out by the clouds during the volcanic periods as when there were no volcanos , instead of an observed loss of 24.5 W/m2 , we would have expected a loss of 31.3 W/m2 . This means that the rearrangement of the clouds increased downwelling solar radiation by about seven W/m2 …
However , despite the countervailing action of the clouds , there was still a significant loss of radiation , about twenty-five watts per square metre ( W/m2 ) . How much is 25 W/m2 ? The IPCC says that a doubling of CO2 will cause an increase of 3.7 W/m2 . So to get the 25 W/m2 change seen during the eruptions , the CO2 would have to go from the current 400 ppmv to 43,250 ppmv …
So what difference did the loss of 25 W/m2 of sunshine make to the local temperatures ? Now that 's an interesting question , and one which we can answer . The MLO also has taken temperature readings over that period , so we can compare apples to apples . Here is the result :
Curious , huh ? On average the MLO site received a full 25 W/m2 less solar radiation for an entire two years , and the temperature was unchanged …
I thought , well , maybe I 'm reading things wrong . So I went and got some other temperature records from the Hawaiian Islands , because since MLO received less solar energy , all of Hawaii would have received less solar energy … here are the records that cover the times in question . Some do n't cover all of the volcanic periods , but there 's enough data to see if the eruptions actually affected the temperature .
I looked at other Hawaiian Island stations from the nearest to MLO to the furthest . Here 's the nearest station , Hilo , on the same island as MLO . It does n't contain the entire El Chichon record , but there 's enough there to see it did n't cool down during the first year after the eruption . And there was obviously no effect from Pinatubo .
Next , here 's the record from Molokai , a couple of islands over from MLO … no effect from either eruption on Molokai Temperatures .
Next , Barber 's point on Oahu … same story . No effect .
And finally , at the far end of the Hawaiian Island chain from MLO , here 's Lihue , on Kauaii . Like the other stations , Lihue apparently did n't get the memo about the 25 W/m2 reduction in solar radiation …
So … why was there no reduction in the temperatures anywhere in the islands from that large a change in forcing ? That one is easy to answer …
I do n't know , and I doubt if anyone knows .
After all , in mainstream climate science it is accepted as an article of faith that the reduction in solar energy will and must cause a fall in temperatures … I 'm the only person I know of who is heretical enough to seriously question this dogma . See , e.g . my posts called “ Volcanic Disruptions ” and “ Missing The Missing Summer “ .
My theory is that the climate system is not like a pool table , where you can calculate from the force applied to the cueball precisely how the other balls will move . Instead of being fixed , the climate system responds to any change in conditions in a number of ways , both seen and unseen . And following both the Constructal Law and Le Chatelier 's Principle , the changes all tend to restore the status quo ante .
But hey , that 's just my explanation why neither Pinatubo nor El Chichon affected Hawaiian temperatures . If someone else has a better idea why a drop in the amount of solar radiation reaching the ground of some 25 W/m2 for two years has n't affected the local temperatures , I 'm all ears .
[ UPDATE ] Commenters asked about something I 'd considered , whether it was a change in the wind speed that had affected the temperature . It appears that the answer is no .
The difference between eruptions and no eruptions is well within the uncertainty of the data .
A foggy morning here . We 're six miles from the coast , and despite how far it is , the sea breeze brings me the distant sound of the surf and the foghorn on the breakwater … this is assuredly the most audacious and finest planet I 've ever lived on .
Best wishes to everyone , my thanks to Richard Keen for setting off this train of thought ,
w .
AS ALWAYS : I ask that when you comment , you quote the exact words you are referring to . This lets all of us be crystal clear about just who and what you are talking about . Ca n't tell you how tired I am of comments that start with “ You are … ” when I have no clue who the “ You ” in the sentence refers to . Makes me want to tell the kids to get off my lawn …
DATA : The Hawaii temperatures are from GISS .
The MLO data is available by FTP from here . Big files , because the data is taken every minute .
The MLO meteorological data ( temperature , wind , pressure , etc . ) is available by FTP from here . There is both minute and hourly data , I used the hourly data for the graph above .
There is also downwelling longwave data there … but unfortunately , it does n't start until 1994 … rats …
METHODS : The MLO solar radiation data is in two versions in different years—every three minutes in the early version and every ten minutes more recently . I first converted them all to ten-minute intervals , in part to reduce dataset size .
There are a couple of datasets of interest , the direct solar and the diffuse solar values .
For each month , I calculated the maximum and the average direct solar values for each ten-minute interval . Then , I took the time of the maximum direct solar , and I extracted the diffuse solar for that instant . That gave me the maximum total direct solar , plus the corresponding diffuse solar values .
Once I had the direct and diffuse maximum and average values I divided the datasets into volcano and no volcano sections by removing the data from the date of each eruption and for two years afterward . This let me compare average values for when there were and were not eruptions and their aftermath .
Advertisements
WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- House Speaker Paul Ryan has highlighted on Twitter a school secretary benefiting from the Republican tax overhaul , then deleted the tweet after online criticism that they are cheering an increase of $ 1.50 a week .
The Associated Press reported on Thursday that changes in tax withholding were sparking bigger paychecks , citing as one example Julia Ketchum of Lancaster , Pennsylvania , whose check went up $ 1.50 a week .
Ryan on Saturday posted a Tweet noting the secretary 's increase and linking to the AP story . They have posted several other examples of worker pay increases and bonuses since the overhaul , some as much as $ 1,000 .
Ryan 's spokesperson did n't immediately respond to a request for comment .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Victoria Police go mobile to boost workforce safety
New managed service solution will equip 10,000 police officers .
Victoria Police will adopt a new mobility managed service to help increase situational awareness , safety and productivity for frontline officers .
The service will place real-time information at the fingertips of at least 10,000 police officers equipped with iPads and iPhones , helping them manage their daily work more safely , efficiently and productively . The technology is provided by Motorola Solutions .
The solution will help reduce the duplication of data entry by officers while increasing workforce collaboration . Using these tools , frontline personnel and their colleagues will share vital information while working in control rooms .
Victoria Police hopes the solution will remove lower priority traffic from the radio network so it can preserve mission-critical radio services for essential emergency communications .
This investment represents a major goal within Victoria Police 's Capability Plan 2016-2025 , which highlights the way the force will transform its service delivery to be more “ agile , responsive , people-focused and connected ” .
The holistic managed service contract is valued at more than AUD $ 50 million and will run for a minimum of five years with the potential to extend to 11 years . The solution includes , mPol , a mobile application developed by Gridstone which has been successfully implemented by Queensland Police . The platform will be tailored to meet the specific needs of Victoria Police .
Motorola Solutions will lead a consortium of service providers to deliver the contract including carrier network provider , Optus , and CompNow , who will supply the Apple mobile devices , logistics and device repair services .
1
3:05 Welcoming the New Year with an Idaho spud Pause
0:35 Tamarack torchlight parade welcomes the new year
0:25 Karan Tucker on Boise nonprofit Jannus
5:14 Bogus Basin 's 75th anniversary kickoff party
4:36 ' I am here to save democracy ... '
1:14 Idaho QB Matt Linehan apologizes for postgame comments directed at President Staben
2:38 Take a walk on the Boise Greenbelt in the snow
3:06 Boise day shelter provides meals , clothing and much more
1:50 Brundage Mountain uses fireworks , torchlight parade to celebrate New Year 's
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Secretary-general to Parliament , Viniana Namosimalua welcomes the women to Parliament during the visit . Picture : Supplied
EIGHTY rural women who are participants of the 2017 Women 's Expo had the opportunity to visit Parliament and be educated on the various processes that are available and work parliamentarians carry out .
Joana Fereti , 55 , was part of the 14 women who came from Rotuma to visit the Parliament on Tuesday .
`` This is the first time for me to visit Parliament and I count myself very lucky to be part of this visit . I believe that with God , all things are possible , '' they said .
Three women from Ovalau — Fane Ulunisau , Vasiti Adimaira and Sera Bainikea — were also part of the program .
`` For us , the program is much better than 2015 and we are so thankful to the Ministry of Women for putting together this program to enable us to visit Parliament as we only hear about it in the media , '' the women said .
While welcoming the women , secretary-general to Parliament Viniana Namosimalua stressed that Parliament was for the people and they also explained how they could be connected to Parliament .
`` It is important to know that this is your house , understand how you can engage with Parliament and the various processes that are available , in terms of committees , talking to your representatives as this is how we connect to Parliament , '' Mrs Namosimalua said .
`` You have every right to walk into this house and talk to the people you voted in to represent your needs and your interests and how you can raise your standards of living .
`` This is where it all happens in terms of laws and policies of this Government to do with your daily lives , '' they said .
The National Women 's Expo opened yesterday at the Vodafone Arena in Suva .
This story is about Published 17m
Trade for Earl Thomas ? Go get Derwin James ? The best guess to what the Cowboys will do in the NFL draft Share This Story On ... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Jae S. Lee/Staff Photographer From left , Dallas Cowboys Executive Vice President , CEO , and Director of Player Personnel Stephen Jones , Owner Jerry Jones and head coach Jason Garrett share a laugh during a pre-draft news conference at the Star in Frisco , Texas , Tuesday , April 24 , 2018 . ( Jae S. Lee/The Dallas Morning News )
By Kevin Sherrington , Staff Columnist Contact Kevin Sherrington on Twitter : @ KSherringtonDMN
FRISCO -- Over 40-plus years in this business , it 's been a distinct privilege to witness a few of the more storied events of the era . I was there when Lorenzo Charles dunked an air ball ; there when Kirk Gibson hit a one-legged homer ; there when a moron whacked Nancy Kerrigan 's knee . And I was there Tuesday when Jerry Jones f-bombed a news conference . Imagine what could happen Thursday when the NFL visits JerryWorld . Like , say , Jerry arriving through the hole in the roof . `` Oh , I would not in any way impugn the integrity of our decision-making in the draft room , '' they said , smiling .
This question left Jerry Jones asking Cowboys reporters : 'What in the [ expletive ] are you all getting to ? '
`` I 'm not throwing a helicopter in the middle of it . '' Yeah , right . Before we get to Jerry 's penchant for seizing the spotlight and what it could mean for the Cowboys ' future this week , consider one of the signs Tuesday . As is the preamble to nearly every good Jerry story , it all started innocently enough . A couple reporters were tiptoeing around questions about Jason Garrett 's surprisingly potty-mouthed role in the upcoming Amazon Prime docu-series , All or Nothing , when Jerry interrupted . `` What in the [ expletive ] are y'all gettin ' to ? '' they asked , dryly , at which point the roof fell in . Amid the laughter , an even-redder-faced Garrett cut a sideways look at Rich Dalrymple , Jerry 's handler , and said , `` That 's an ender . '' But it was n't . In fact , Jason , if there 's anything you should have learned after all this time with the Cowboys , it 's that the fun never ends . We were reminded of this Tuesday when Jerry Jones , Stephen Jones and Garrett lined up on a podium at the Star , ostensibly to discuss the draft without actually revealing any classified material . What we got instead was a textbook example of Freud 's id ( Jerry ) , ego ( Stephen ) and superego ( Jason ) acted out on stage .
Stephen -- seemingly forthcoming but guarded , playing poker -- carried most of the dialogue . They conceded that , with the 19th pick , the Cowboys could be on the outer fringes of what 's considered true first-round talent . They might move up ; might drop back . Could take a wide receiver in the first round . Also tough for a rookie wide-out to be a true `` X '' receiver . Everything they said made perfect sense , and little of it provided any clues as to what the Cowboys might do . Which was also the case with Garrett , as impenetrable as your teenager 's logic . Of course , we 're used to the wall they put up in public . As previously noted here , they do it in the best interests of all parties . Simply refuses to go along with the circus . As opposed to Jerry , who in any venue is the kid in the candy store , the sailor in a bar , the eye of the hurricane . Because of Jerry 's impulsiveness , it seemed only natural that the Cowboys positioned them Tuesday between Stephen and Jason on the podium . That way , an elbow in the ribs could be applied from either side .
Jerry Jones : Cowboys ' timing of Dez Bryant release was 'as good as any ' ; door closed on reunion
For instance , when asked how the decision to cut Dez Bryant will impact the draft , Jerry said the Cowboys simply wo n't find a receiver who can fill Dez 's shoes this year . Made it sound as if they could even wait until the third round to take one . Because if you 're Jerry Jones , and the draft is in your living room , you 're not going to use your first pick on a guy who wo n't outclass the star you just cut , are you ? For that matter , the chances of getting a star of any kind at 19 seem pretty slim . Does it mean the Cowboys could package that pick and a third for Seattle 's safety and wannabe Cowboy , Earl Thomas ? Not if you listened to what Jerry had to say Tuesday . Unprompted , at that . They said they recently came across a statistic indicating 50 percent of playoff teams ' payrolls are eaten up by the top 10 players on each roster . As Jerry sees it , that 's not a good percentage . Even if the Cowboys were able to acquire him , Thomas is due to make $ 8.5 million this fall , the final year of their contract . He 'll also turn 28 next month . If you do that deal , you have to believe he 's the last piece of a Super Bowl contender this season . Even Jerry 's probably not that optimistic . A younger and certainly cheaper option would be Florida State safety Derwin James , who might come available to the Cowboys at 10 or 11 at the cost of first- and second-round picks . Best guess after listening to Stephen and Jerry restate their continued faith in Jaylon Smith , not to mention their investment in him : They 'd be less inclined to trade up for Roquan Smith , the Georgia linebacker . Logic seems to dictate that the Cowboys will wait to see if James is available at 10 or 11 . If so , I 'm betting they jump . If not , I would n't be surprised to see them trade down . As for how much Jerry might be tempted to put on a show Thursday , thus complicating matters , they maintain the Cowboys will be `` pure to our main duty '' of finding good players . Just the same , if the roof 's open , you might keep a look out .
JOHANNESBURG ( AP ) — South Africa 's police and military will help secure water collection sites in drought-stricken Cape Town if authorities must turn off most taps on what they call `` Day Zero , '' a date currently projected to fall in the first half of April , the city said Sunday .
Hospitals , key economic and industrial areas and densely populated areas with a higher risk of disease would be exempt from a water cut-off , said municipal authorities , who plan to open a disaster operations center on Monday to prepare for a possible closure of taps in a city known internationally for its natural beauty and tourist attractions .
South Africa 's second-biggest city ramped up contingency plans as the water crisis hurt tourism and politicians bickered over alleged failures to offset a looming disaster blamed on explosive population growth over the last two decades and several years of drought that scientists say was possibly exacerbated by human-made global warming .
Cape Town 's roughly 4 million residents can avoid `` Day Zero , '' slated for April 12 , by each using no more than 50 liters ( 13.2 gallons ) daily until adequate rainfall fills up depleted reservoirs and additional supply from aquifers , desalination and recycling schemes is activated , according to the city .
Security forces would guard 200 water collection points where residents can pick up 25 liters ( 6.6 gallons ) daily if the tap cut-off occurs , authorities said . Providers of bottled water are being encouraged to increase supply so people have the option of buying water , and water tankers would deliver to homes for the elderly and other care facilities .
`` This crisis will demand a whole of society approach , where we all pull together to get through this , '' the city said in a statement that acknowledged `` panic '' among residents fretting over the possible difficulties ahead .
This weekend , Cape Town 's water and sanitation department said it was investigating reports that some retailers might be illegally selling municipal tap water after people were seen lining up with empty bottles at two malls . Some residents are supplementing water supply by collecting from natural springs in the city .
Cape Town is run by the opposition Democratic Alliance party , which says the national government of the ruling African National Congress party has failed to deliver water to all municipalities as required by law . On Sunday , the ANC 's provincial branch said the `` Day Zero '' warning was an opposition gimmick to drum up a sense of `` gloom and doom '' and suggested its own solutions , including reductions in production by brewers and soft drink companies .
`` We need water , not sugary and alcoholic drinks , '' the party said .
Meanwhile , tourism is taking a hit . Agencies have received cancellations from domestic and international travelers , said Cape Town Tourism CEO Enver Duminy , according to the African News Agency . They did not provide data on cancellations .
One visitor to Cape Town this weekend was Olympic great Usain Bolt , who attended a horse racing event . They were asked about the city 's crisis at a news conference .
`` Do n't waste water , '' the Jamaican said . In the Caribbean , they said , `` we have this issue sometimes . ''
___
Follow Christopher Torchia on Twitter at www.twitter.com/torchiachris
The nation 's first recreational marijuana shop opened nearly three years ago in Colorado . Since then , a growing body of research has shown that the availability of recreational marijuana — in Colorado and elsewhere — is having little to no effect on teens ' propensity to smoke weed .
That 's the conclusion , at least , of the official statistics out of Colorado through 2015 . It 's what federal data shows nationwide through this year . And it 's also backed up by other federal surveys of drug…
With traders worried about the prospect of higher interest rates , stocks moved sharply lower over the course of the trading session on Friday . The sell-off on the day extended the pullback off record highs seen earlier this week .
The major averages ended the day just off their lows of the session . The Dow tumbled 665.75 points or 2.5 percent to 25,520.96 , the Nasdaq slumped 144.92 points or 2 percent to 7,240.95 and the S & P 500 dove 59.85 points or 2.1 percent to 2,762.13 .
For the week , the Dow plummeted by 4.1 percent , while the Nasdaq and the S & P 500 plunged by 3.5 percent and 3.9 percent , respectively .
The concerns about higher interest rates came after the Labor Department released a report showing stronger than expected job growth and a jump in wages .
The report said non-farm payroll employment surged up by 200,000 jobs in January after climbing by an upwardly revised 160,000 jobs in December .
Economists had expected employment to increase by about 180,000 jobs compared to the addition of 148,000 jobs originally reported for the previous month .
The Labor Department said the unemployment rate came in at 4.1 percent in January , unchanged from the three previous months and in line with economist estimates .
Meanwhile , the annual rate of growth in average hourly employee earnings accelerated to 2.9 percent in January from an upwardly revised 2.7 percent in December .
`` Given companies such as WalMart have credited Trump 's tax cuts as a way for them to afford higher worker pay we suspect we will see the wage numbers pick-up further , '' said James Knightley , Chief International Economist at ING .
They added , `` Consequently , it will need a big shock to prevent the Fed from hiking in March , but it could happen in the form of a damaging government shutdown should politicians fail to resolve their differences . ''
A negative reaction to quarterly results from big name tech companies like Google parent Alphabet ( GOOGL ) and Apple ( AAPL ) also contributed to the sell-off .
Sector News
Energy stocks turned in some of the market 's worst performances on the day , with the S & P Energy Index plunging by 4.1 percent . The index fell to its lowest closing level in a month .
Industry giant Exxon Mobil ( XOM ) posted a steep loss after reporting fourth quarter earnings that came in below analyst estimates .
Substantial weakness was also visible among computer hardware stocks , as reflected by the 4.1 percent slump by the Dow Jones Computer Hardware Index . With the drop , the index hit a three-month closing low .
Steel , gold , housing , and airline stocks also moved sharply lower on the day , reflecting the broad based weakness on Wall Street .
Other Markets
In overseas trading , stock across the Asia-Pacific region turned in yet another mixed performance on Friday . Japan 's Nikkei 225 index slumped by 0.9 percent , while China 's Shanghai Composite Index rose by 0.5 percent .
Meanwhile , the major European markets all showed notable moves to the downside on the day . While the U.K. 's FTSE 100 Index dropped by 0.6 percent , the French CAC 40 Index and the German DAX Index tumbled by 1.6 percent and 1.7 percent , respectively .
In the bond market , treasuries moved sharply lower following the upbeat jobs data . Subsequently , the yield on the benchmark ten-year note , which moves opposite of its price , jumped by 8.1 basis points to a four-year closing high of 2.854 percent .
Looking Ahead
With the economic calendar relatively quiet , earnings news is likely to attract attention next week , as a slew of companies is scheduled to release their quarterly results .
Disney ( DIS ) , Bristol-Myers ( BMY ) , CVS Health ( CVS ) , Kellogg ( K ) , Twitter ( TWTR ) , Viacom ( VIAB ) , and Yum ! Brands ( YUM ) are among the companies due to report their results next week .
Traders are still likely to keep an eye on reports on service sector activity , international trade , and weekly jobless claims .
by RTT Staff Writer
For comments and feedback : editorial @ rttnews.com
Business News
Advice from @ RedhawksAD bsoc coach Steven Barone : `` Always be moving . If you do n't know what you 're doing , at least look like you do . '' # mshsl
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Nothing is more likely to start an argument in a supermarket car park than sailing into the last parent and child spot on a busy Saturday afternoon kid free .
We 've all spotted people doing it - and perhaps one or two of us would even admit to doing it .
But it 's not a move that 's illegal , despite it being infuriating for families .
Traffic wardens are powerless to penalise motorists unless they 're parked in a council-owned car park or on the street , making it easy for motorists to break the rules .
Instead these spaces have rules set and enforced by the supermarkets themselves .
So what do stores say about the problem ?
Tesco
Tesco initiated a trial scheme at 81 of its stores last year , which will soon be rolled out to 200 nationwide , say the Birmingham Mail .
The store 's staff will use the app to take pictures of vehicles parked in disabled bays without Blue Badges or taking up spaces designated for parents with children under 12 .
The evidence collected will be sent to Horizon Parking .
There have been rumours that £25 fines could be introduced - but no official confirmation of this from Tesco .
Tesco says it is not a money-making scheme as the fines will only cover the costs plus fees .
A spokesperson said : `` Many disabled customers rely on our disabled parking bays , so we 've introduced our self-monitoring initiative to highlight the importance of using the bays properly , making it fairer and easier for everyone to find a space . ''
Sainsbury 's
Sainsbury 's say they patrol to make sure spaces are being used as instructed - adding that the majority of their customers use parking spaces as they are intended .
The spokesperson for the retailer said : `` Our parking attendants patrol the disabled and parent/child spaces .
`` Most of our customers use them as intended but if they do n't , they will in the first instance be asked to move and if they refuse , they 'll be issued with a £60 Parking Charge Notice ( fine ) . ''
Asda
Asda said that they patrol their car parks 24 hours a day to deter irresponsible parkers .
An Asda spokesperson said : `` We monitor our car parks 24 hours a day and do as much as we can to prevent the misuse of disabled parking and parent and child bays .
`` Any customer found to be parking in a disabled bay who does n't have a valid blue badge or is misusing parent and child bays will receive a Parking Charge Notice .
`` This is to ensure these spaces are kept available for the customers who need them the most . If customers have any questions regarding this , our colleagues in store will be more than happy to help . ''
Aldi
Budget retailer Aldi said that they do n't have strict regulations .
A spokesperson for the German discounter said : `` We offer parent and child , and disabled car parking spaces at all of our standard stores across the UK . These spaces are positioned in a convenient location to allow easy access to the store .
`` Although we do n't enforce strict regulations , these dedicated parking spaces are honoured and appreciated by the large majority of our customers . ''
Downfall of Toshiba , a nuclear industry titan
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
CTV Vancouver
A botched suicide bombing committed Monday morning on the New York City subway has prompted heightened security measures on Vancouver 's transit system .
No one was killed when a man believed to be taking cues from ISIS extremists detonated a crude pipe bomb in the U.S. 's most populous city , and authorities said the worst damage inflicted on innocent bystanders was headaches and ringing ears .
Even the suspect , a 27-year-old Bangladeshi immigrant , survived the blast , despite suffering burns to their midsection .
But the incident was still enough to trigger increased patrols from Transit Police in Metro Vancouver , a response that spokesperson Anne Drennan said was largely designed to reassure potentially anxious riders .
`` Any time any violence happens on any transit system around the world we go on what 's called high visibility , '' Drennan told CTV News . `` So you will see officers today throughout the day and the evening dressed in their high visibility vests over their uniforms , and they will be popping in and out of trains a lot more and making themselves known to passengers . ''
Bomb-detecting dogs have also been sent to do additional sweeps of stations , platforms , trains and buses .
Drennan stressed that there is no intelligence to suggest a pending threat in Vancouver or even Canada , but urged anyone who sees something suspicious on transit to contact police .
`` Transit systems are prone to this kind of attack , so we want to reassure people here that we 're on the job , on the ball and we 're making them as safe possible . ''
Andre Gerolymatos , a terrorism expert at Simon Fraser University , said Monday 's attack was unusual for North America because of the way it was carried out . There have only been a handful of suicide bombers in U.S. history , and of the two committed in the past two decades , only one was linked to terrorism .
`` We tend to see suicide bombers in the Middle East . Usually they come from very impoverished neighbourhoods , '' Gerolymatos said . `` They 're given a deal – you blow yourself up and ISIS or Al Qaeda will take care of your family . That 's been part of the modus operandi . ''
But since the New York attack was attempted , however unsuccessfully , the terrorism expert said there is a threat of others following in the bomber 's footsteps .
`` The danger here is the copycat effect : somebody sees this and realizes this guy got a lot of media attention – and they love the media , they want to get on the news – only they failed to make a good bomb , '' Gerolymatos said .
With files from CTV Vancouver 's Shannon Paterson and The Associated Press
Jerry Jones counting on chemistry for top-seeded Cowboys
hello
Dallas Cowboys ' Jason Witten ( 82 ) is tackled by Philadelphia Eagles ' Jordan Hicks ( 58 ) during the first half of an NFL football game , Sunday , Jan. 1 , 2017 , in Philadelphia . Associated Press
Dallas Cowboys ' Dak Prescott passes during the first half of an NFL football game against the Philadelphia Eagles , Sunday , Jan. 1 , 2017 , in Philadelphia . Associated Press
Dallas Cowboys ' Tony Romo looks to pass during the first half of an NFL football game against the Philadelphia Eagles , Sunday , Jan. 1 , 2017 , in Philadelphia . Associated Press
Dallas Cowboys ' Terrance Williams ( 83 ) and Dez Bryant ( 88 ) celebrate after a touchdown by Williams during the first half of an NFL football game against the Philadelphia Eagles , Sunday , Jan. 1 , 2017 , in Philadelphia . Associated Press
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Dak Prescott smiled widely and playfully shoved Tony Romo after the 10-year starter the Dallas rookie replaced finished their only drive of the regular season with a touchdown pass .
Cowboys owner Jerry Jones has been bragging all season about the chemistry in a delicate situation between their quarterbacks - along with the closeness of the rest of the locker room - and is counting on those bonds when Dallas opens the playoffs at home Jan. 15 .
`` You see a camaraderie , '' Jones said after the Cowboys lost to Philadelphia 27-13 despite the Romo TD while resting many regulars in the regular-season finale .
`` You saw , just to start with , No . 9 and No . 4 and you saw really how genuine it is for them to be working together the way they are and really how exceptional that their situation is and how we 're benefiting from it as a team . ''
The Cowboys ( 13-3 ) do n't anticipate using Romo in the playoffs . Prescott and fellow first-year sensation Ezekiel Elliott will be the focal point regardless of the opponent in the first divisional game at AT & T Stadium , which opened in 2009 .
Prescott played just two series and Elliott not at all against the Eagles . Linebacker Sean Lee sat from start to finish even though getting a few snaps would have allowed them to say they played all 16 games for the first time in an injury-filled career .
Elliott had to settle for third place on the NFL 's rookie rushing list behind Eric Dickerson ( Los Angeles Rams , 1983 ) and George Rogers ( New Orleans , 1981 ) .
Prescott 's short stint preserved the highest rookie passer rating in NFL history ( 104.9 ) , but the loss left them tied with Pittsburgh 's Ben Roethlisberger for most wins by a rookie at 13 .
Not that any of those numbers matter now .
`` Eyes are all on the playoff game , '' Prescott said . `` We will wait to see who our opponent is . But in the meantime , we will get better this week , makes ourselves better in every way that we can . Then when we figure out who it is , continue to get better and ready for that opponent . ''
The Cowboys thought they had good chemistry the last time they were in this position nine years ago , with Romo leading the way to the same record after a loss to finish the regular season when the top seed in the NFC , home-field advantage in the playoffs , was already wrapped up .
Romo was criticized for making a side trip to Cabo San Lucas , Mexico , with then-girlfriend Jessica Simpson before Dallas lost the first playoff game to the New York Giants .
The crushing loss prompted receiver Terrell Owens to say , tearfully , `` He 's my quarterback , '' on a day Jones still calls perhaps their worst in 27 years as owner .
A year later , Owens was dumped in the offseason in a move that Jones labeled `` Romo-friendly '' after reports of a divided locker room following a 9-7 season that kept the Cowboys out of the playoffs .
Tight end Jason Witten was at the center of that controversy because of their close relationship with Romo . They just finished their 14th season , 17 yards from breaking Hall of Famer Michael 's Irvin franchise record of 11,904 yards receiving .
`` I think , specifically , this football team has a true identity in how it plays , '' Witten said . `` You talk about family and togetherness and that is what this team is all about . The spirit of this group is really special . Now we have to recommit to that . ''
Coach Jason Garrett was the offensive coordinator in 2007 and kept their job through 8-8 records in their first three full seasons after replacing Wade Phillips .
After guiding Dallas to the NFC East title at 12-4 two years ago , followed by 4-12 mostly without Romo last season , they have the Cowboys back on top with the third 13-3 finish in franchise history .
`` It 's not really a time for reflection , '' Garrett said . `` This is a time to get our eyes forward and get back to work . ''
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Schuyler Dixon on Twitter at https : //twitter.com/apschuyler
Robert Nash Gallagher , 18 , of Surf City , was arrested on October 3 , 2017 on drug charges . ( Photo : Pender Co. Sheriff 's Office )
PENDER COUNTY , NC ( WWAY ) — A teenager is behind bars and charged with multiple drug and weapon charges .
According to a release from the Pender County Sheriff 's Office , Robert Nash Gallagher , 18 , of Surf City , was arrested Tuesday in Hampstead .
Gallagher is charged with carrying a concealed weapon , simple possession of marijuana , 3 counts of possession of drug paraphernalia , 2 counts felony maintaining a vehicle/dwelling for purposes of controlled substances , felony possession with intent to manufacture , sell or deliver cocaine , felony manufacturing cocaine , felony simple possession of schedule V controlled substance and felony simple possession of schedule IV controlled substances .
They are currently in the Pender County Jail with a $ 140,000 bond .
The sheriff 's office says the arrest comes after a two week investigation by members of the Pender County Sheriff 's Office Vice and Narcotics Division .
Under fire Ombudsman , Melron Nicol-Wilson has commenced legal action against their former acquaintance and protégé , Abdul Lamin alias “ Ameriken ” for what court papers described as publication of defamatory statements .
Mr. Nicol-Wilson claims in court documents that , Mr. Abdul Lamin alias Ameriken ordered the publication of defamatory statements against them in the Independent Observer Newspaper publication of 5th May , 2017 .
The particulars of offence are as follows : -
“ …Melron Nicol-Wilson at the first instance went to a juju man to inflict paralysis on Mr. and Mrs. Johnsen Marah and when they failed , they tried to kill the innocent people ” . Immediately after the said publication , the Plaintiff being The Ombudsman got calls from various quarters inquiring as to why such accusation had been levied against them in the Press . These calls and questions negatively affected the Plaintiff psychologically and they were left in a state of shock and shame as their character had been put to question and they are belittled in the eyes of respectable and well-meaning people in society .
Meanwhile , some members of the public are curious to know why the Law Officers ' Department has refused to release Mr. Melron-Nicol Wilson to respond to a report against them at the Lumley Police Station . There is a pending Police summons against Mr. Melron-Nicol-Wilson for allegedly attempting to paralyze and kill theirs in-laws .
A senior investigator at the Lumley Police Station told the Global Times yesterday that , Mr. Melron Nicol-Wilson is a person of interest to them . “ We can not force them to respond to an invitation because we need clearance from the Attorney General 's Office…But it is regrettable that the AG 's Office is reluctant to order their release to us ” , the Police investigator said .
Why would the Attorney General 's Office try to shield the Ombudsman against Police prosecution for a grave allegation involving an alleged attempt to kill a senior civil servant and their wife ?
If the State has protected Mr. Melron Nicol-Wilson against prosecution , why would they now take legal action against someone who is an integral part of the report made against them ( Mr. Melron Nicol-Wilson ) at the Lumley Police Station ?
It has to be pointed out that , it is Mr. Melron-Nicol Wilson 's right to take legal action against anyone for the publication of defamatory statements against him .
It is equally the responsibility of the Law Officer 's Department to release Mr. Melron Nicol-Wilson to respond to a more serious allegation of attempting to kill a senior civil servant and their wife .
Lawyers for Mr. Abdul Lamin ( Ameriken ) are expected to enter an appearance in the High Court for him . The writ against Mr. Abdul Lamin alias Ameriken is dated 23rd May , 2017 .
It is not yet known whether , following this latest court action taken by Mr. Melron Nicol-Wilson , the Attorney General would be fair enough to release them ( Mr. Melron Nicol-Wilson ) to the Lumley Police Station to respond to the serious allegation of attempting to kill their in-laws as earlier claimed in a signed statement published by the defendant in this matter , Mr. Abdul Lamin alias Ameriken .
Meanwhile Mr. Melron Nicol-Wilson has just presented the Ombudsman 's 2015/16 report and their one hundred days plan to Their Excellency the President at State House .
Investigations continue .
Experimental feature Listen to this article Play audio for this article Pause 00:00 00:00 Experimental feature Report a mispronounced word What was mispronounced ? Optional : help us by adding the time Submit Thank you for your help ! or Give us your feedback Thank you for your feedback . What do you think ? I ‘ ll use it in the future
I don ‘ t think I ‘ ll use it Please tell us why ( optional ) Send Feedback
When Dutch financial services group APG tried to understand better why clients rang up its call centre , they noticed a small group taking up a lot of time : a high number of divorcees had been calling in the run-up to their legal separation , asking an expert to explain the intricacies of pension entitlements .
This was unwelcome news for APG : each call cost an average of €13 and it already had a website which it thought was tailored to clients , so calls were unnecessary . “ We were trying to find out : why do people need to call three or four times , in some cases even more ? ” says Rachid El Hasnaoui , a business intelligence specialist at APG .
The solution , they say , was to employ “ process mining ” , an emerging field in big data analytics that is helping some of the world 's biggest companies — including GM , Airbus , KPMG and UBS — to automate tasks and adapt to the digitisation of industry .
Early adopters say the concept will eventually be as common as terms such as Industry 4.0 and predictive maintenance . The idea is to gather all of a company 's internal decisions , from invoicing to logistics , and then visualise them as “ digital footprints ” . Process mining maps these images into flowcharts that can be filtered and reworked , offering an overall view of what steps are taken following any decision . It works in real time or by looking backwards .
“ It 's a brand-new science — five years ago nobody talked about process mining . This kind of capabilities did not exist , ” says Israel Expósito-Peraza , who oversees an eight-member big data group at telecoms group Vodafone .
We can [ now ] see the whole flow of the customer journey , the whole lifecycle . . . if the customer is getting married , getting divorced
APG used process mining to aggregate data from their clients ' search terms , emails and phone calls , then sequenced them to create a “ customer journey ” . It could then detect patterns and personalise its website , making future calls from clients in a similar position unnecessary . It was one thing to gear the site toward the needs of a 25-year old or someone nearing retirement , but quite another to suit a client with a failing marriage .
“ Before we could only see part of the picture , and we did n't know the context , ” says Mr El Hasnaoui . “ We can [ now ] see the whole flow of the customer journey , the whole lifecycle . . . if the customer is getting married , getting divorced , we can even look at if the customer is getting worried . Those things have an impact on how we can be help the customer make the right choice . ”
The concept of process mining emerged out of Dutch academia and has been put into practice by a few start-ups , including Celonis , a Munich-based software company founded in 2011 by three graduates of the Technical University of Munich . The trio now oversee 250 employees , up from 70 last December , with offices in Munich , the Netherlands and New York .
Bastian Nominacher , co-chief executive and co-founder , can sound a bit dreamy as they describe how process mining is “ universally applicable ” for more than 300,000 companies across the world . They estimate the global process mining market today at about €150m . But they reckon that by 2025 it will reach “ at least a similar size as the business intelligence market ” , which last year had revenue of €15bn .
Celonis says it has already acquired more than 350 clients across 15 industries — including Swedish robotics company ABB , railway operator Deutsche Bahn and consultancy Deloitte — and it has partnered with SAP , Europe 's largest software company , to offer process mining within a broader package of enterprise solutions . “ There is no difference if you apply this is in Japan or the US , ” Mr Nominacher says . “ There are always the same challenges , always the same benefits . ”
Lars Reinkemeyer , head of global process mining services at Siemens , says 4,000 employees are using Celonis to translate big data , which they describe as a lake of raw , undifferentiated files , into “ smart data ” — defined sequences for business processes , deliveries and customer orders . The visualisation allows Siemens to contrast best practices with loopholes and bottlenecks that can be improved .
As far as Mr Reinkemeyer knows , they are the only person anywhere to hold their job title . But they think that will not be true for long as more companies see the value in automating tasks . They describe process mining as giving Siemens X-ray images of its internal operations , making it easier to spot inefficiencies .
Users say discovering such anomalies usually requires an expensive team of consultants to diagnose them and recommend solutions . But in this case it is the consultants themselves whose jobs may be at risk , as teams of data engineers are now doing their own prognoses .
“ We are actually being our own consultants , ” says Vodafone 's Mr Expósito-Peraza . “ A consultant can watch this and that and make recommendations . But once the report is done they say goodbye . Our team is finding the problem , finding solutions and driving the transformation . ”
Vodafone , which has been using Celonis since 2015 , says process mining has helped reduce costs per purchase order by 11 per cent and improved time to market by a fifth . Process mining has allowed Vodafone 's completion rate of “ perfect deals ” — internal orders done without any manual rework — to improve from 73 per cent to 92 per cent in two years .
For some clients , optimising internal processes is not just something that helps its business — it is the business . “ We wo n't be inventing a new iPhone tomorrow , ” says Thomas Reichmann , manager of logistics at Schukat , a family-run supplier of electronics in Germany 's Mittelstand ( its small and medium-sized enterprise sector ) . “ As a wholesaler our processes are ultimately all that we have . ”
The bulk of work at Celonis is building software to visualise and automate internal processes , supply chains and back-office management . Mr Nominacher says it is now moving into the more glamorous internet-of-things arena , enabling companies to track , say , a robot that picks up and distributes packages in a warehouse .
The group says it has been profitable since its first year , but to expand operations it has received funding from Accel , an early stage investor in Facebook and Dropbox , and 83North , an Israeli venture capital firm . Last year it raised $ 27.5m , a big amount for a Series A funding round . Mr Nominacher says they hope Celonis will be Germany 's next “ unicorn ” and will have an IPO at a valuation above €1bn in 2020 .
BERKELEY — Oregon State coach Wayne Tinkle said a few kind words to Cal center Kingsley Okoroh before their game Saturday and lived to regret it .
“ I congratulated them for all the work he 's put in , ” Tinkle said . “ I probably should have kept my mouth shut . ”
Okoroh played perhaps the best game of their career , scoring 14 points and grabbing 12 rebounds for their first career double-double , and the Golden Bears ended the second-longest losing streak in program history with a 74-70 win over the Beavers .
The Bears had lost nine straight games , one short of the record set in 1961-62 .
Okoroh , a senior from England , made six straight free throws in the final six minutes to help secure the win . A 54-percent career free throw shooter , Okoroh finished 12 of 14 from the line . They also had five blocked shots .
Cal ( 8-16 , 2-9 ) made just 9 of 20 free throws in a loss to Oregon on Thursday , but converted 29 of 39 against OSU .
“ Coach made us shoot free throws for 30 minutes straight ( Friday in practice ) . It paid off , ” Okoroh said .
They said they and their teammates did not concern themselves with the possibility of making the wrong kind of history .
“ I did n't pay any attention to that , ” Okoroh said . “ We 've just been preaching positive energy and we 've competed in all the games . It felt good . ”
First-year coach Wyking Jones was relieved .
“ To say we needed that one is an understatement , ” they said . “ I 'm just very happy for our guys . Throughout all the losses , throughout all the tough breaks , they 've been able to continue to fight and continue to stay together . ”
The Beavers ( 11-11 , 3-7 ) lost for the fourth straight game and the sixth time in seven outings . They have dropped 19 straight road games over the past two seasons .
OSU led by 10 points early , but Tinkle said players got away from what was working .
“ It is frustrating , but we 've got to stay positive , ” Tinkle said . “ Toughness and discipline wins on the road , and we 've got to continue to establish that . ”
Darius McNeill scored 16 points for Cal , and Marcus Lee had 14 .
OSU 's Stephen Thompson Jr. scored 24 points on 9-for-13 shooting . Tres Tinkle added 19 points , making 10 of 10 from the foul line .
BIG PICTURE
Cal : The Bears are hoping to avoid setting a program record for most losses in a season . The 1978-79 team was 6-21 , and the only other Cal team to suffer 20 defeats was the 1986-87 squad , which finished 9-20 .
• Oregon State has lost 11 of its past 12 against Cal and has not beaten the Bears in Berkeley since Jan. 22 , 2009 .
• Justice Sueing , Cal 's leading scorer in Pac-12 games at 17.7 points per game entering play Saturday , picked up two quick fouls and was on the floor for just six minutes in the first half . But they finished with 11 points and has scored double figures in all 11 conference games .
UP NEXT
Cal plays at Colorado on Wednesday .
CORAL GABLES , Fla. ( AP ) — Erykah Davenport and Shaneese Bailey made key plays back-to-back late in the game and four players scored in double figures as a balanced Miami upset the No . 20 Kentucky women 65-54 on Sunday , handing the Wildcats a second loss in as many games .
With the Hurricanes ( 6-3 ) holding a 56-52 lead with 97 seconds left , Davenport was frenetic on defense , poking the ball away on one side of the hoop and rushing crosscourt to block an Amanda Pascal jumper from just inside the 3-point line . Maci Morris missed after the Kentucky inbound , Bailey grabbed the rebound and hit a dagger of a 3-pointer from the top of the circle on the other end for a 59-52 lead with 1:01 remaining .
Kentucky ( 8-3 ) was coming off a 70-64 loss at Florida Gulf Coast on Friday .
Davenport finished with 12 points and 12 rebounds , their third double-double this season , and blocked three shots . Bailey 's critical 3-pointer was their only trey of the game as they scored 11 points . Endia Banks led with 13 points and eight assists , Mykea Gray added 12 points .
Trailing 30-23 at halftime , Miami exploded with a 28-point third quarter and outscored the Wildcats 42-24 after halftime for its first win against a ranked opponent this season and just its second against Kentucky in the last eight meetings .
Morris scored a game-high 18 points and Alyssa Rice added 11 but the Wildcats were 20-for-63 from the floor , 7-for-29 after halftime .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Michigan State troopers need help in finding a male subject who was involved in a breaking and entering incident at the Bird Lake Storage Units .
The incident happened on Saturday evening around 8 p.m. and lasted about an hour in Hillsdale County 's Jefferson township .
Anyone with information is encouraged to call Michigan State Troopers at 517-780-4580 .
Follow WTOL :
Download our app here .
Copyright 2017 WTOL . All rights reserved .
Three women who have previously accused President Donald Trump of sexual misconduct before they took office spoke out Monday as America 's watershed # MeToo moment continues to unfold .
Jessica Leeds , Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks , speaking together on `` Megyn Kelly Today , '' described separate interactions with the president in years past , with one of the allegations dating back several decades .
Holvey said when they competed in Trump 's Miss USA pageant in 2006 , Trump came backstage unexpectedly when they and other contestants were wearing nothing but robes and they personally inspected the contestants .
“ I just felt so gross , ” they said . `` Just looking me over like I was a piece of meat . ”
“ Nobody dreams of being ogled when you 're a little girl wanting to wear a crown , '' they added .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump 'kept kissing me ' in Trump Tower , woman says : ' I was devastated ' 6:16 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Crooks said Trump forcibly kissed them multiple times during an interaction near an elevator bank in Trump Tower in 2005 while working for a third-party company .
“ He held onto my hand , and they kept kissing me , '' they said . Afterward , they ran into their boss ' office and said they called them sister .
`` And I was like , ' I do n't know what just happened but I felt horrible , ' '' they said .
Leeds alleged that more than three decades ago during a flight Trump grabbed their breasts and tried to put their hand up their skirt .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Woman accusing Trump of groping her : ' I would like to see that he 's not Teflon ' 4:22 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Holvey said they were inspired to go public again as more and more women have spoken out about harassment in their own lives .
`` It was heartbreaking last year ... we 're private citizens and for us to put ourselves out there and try to show America who this man is and especially how they view women and for them to say 'Meh , we do n't care , ' it hurt , '' they said . `` And so now it 's just like , let 's try round two . The environment 's different , let 's try again . ''
The president has been accused by 16 women of sexual misconduct , allegations that they have forcefully denied . In a statement to NBC News Monday , the White House called the claims `` false '' and that `` the American people voiced their judgment by delivering a decisive victory '' to Trump last year .
Image copyright Unison Image caption Janitors had staged 67 days of strike action since March 2016
Glasgow primary school janitors have agreed a pay deal in a long-running dispute over plans to re-organise the service and pay .
Unison members voted in favour of a 6 % pay rise for the existing 196 janitors , and the number of jobs to rise to 213 .
The original offer from employer Cordia , under the previous Labour administration , included plans to share one janitor between multiple schools .
The plan was to cut the number of jobs to 186 , but with 30 new promoted posts .
New senior posts
This original offer from the Glasgow City Council body Cordia , which was withdrawn by the previous council administration in March , would have seen a 6 % pay rise for 156 janitors and a 20 % increase for a further 30 promoted posts .
Under the new deal , there is to be an overall staffing level of 213 , with 35 of these to be new senior janitor posts .
These senior roles will come with a staged £4,000 annual pay rise over two years .
Unison had been calling on Cordia to pay janitors Working Context and Demands Payments , which range from £500 to £1,000 per year .
This is for tasks that are dirty or involve outside work and heavy lifting .
Unison said the new deal included a £520 working context payment .
'Workers can win '
Brian Smith , branch secretary for Glasgow Unison , said : `` The dispute shows that workers can win if they are determined and organised , supported by their local branch and the wider trade union , escalate strike action when necessary , involve the wider community and build pressure on elected politicians at key points .
`` We will draw on the lessons of the dispute for future campaigns , particularly within Cordia , where there remains numerous unfair pay arrangements affecting members . ''
Susan Aitken , leader of Glasgow City Council , said : `` I am pleased we have been able to bring about a positive end to this dispute , which has been one of the longest disputes in Glasgow City Council in recent decades .
`` This dispute was allowed to drag on far too long by the previous administration .
`` We promised parents and pupils this would be a priority for the city government .
`` Today 's agreement means we start the new school year with a deal that works for the janitors , the council and Glasgow 's schools . ''
The box truck that overturned on the southbound Traffic Way off-ramp in Atascadero early on Friday , February 2 , 2017 . Atascadero Professional Firefighters Local 3600
Sushant Singh Rajput is definitely controversy 's favourite child . They are often in the headlines owing to their arrogant behaviour with the media . Not just that , their rumoured affairs with co-actors have also earned them the tag of a 'player ' .
In their latest interview with Mumbai Mirror , when Sushant was asked to comment why they are often tagged as an arrogant actor , here 's what the actor said :
Not My Problem : SSR Commenting on their rude behaviour , they said , `` People are constantly finding ways to explain how I 've continued to survive in the industry . That 's their problem , not mine . '' I Have No Plans Of Living A Rat Life `` I 'm not trying to prove a point , I 'm not in the race to be No . 1 because I have no plans of living a rat 's life . I 'm not obsessed with the future and at the same time I 'm neither hiding something nor trying to earn a particular reputation , '' said Sushant . Sushant On Their Affair With Kriti `` Sometimes , there is a series of stories about me which are untrue and I feel misunderstood . That 's not a great feeling . '' The Stories Do Affect Me : SSR `` As an actor I can condition myself to ignore the rumours , but I hold on to the vulnerability and the emotions these rumours evoke because it makes me a better actor . The stories often affect me but they never change my friendship with any co-star , '' said Sushant . Sushant On Raabta Debacle `` We view life as a cause-and-effect-theory . If a film does n't work we try to find reasons and add to our disillusionment . I 've read every book on what 's necessary to write a great script and make a hit film . '' SSR Is Indeed A Positive Thinker `` They clearly have n't helped . So now , I 've conditioned myself in a way that no matter what happens on Friday , I 'll be okay on Monday . I ca n't screw up six months of work on my next by thinking of my last film , '' said the Kai Po Che actor . SSR On Their First GF `` My first girlfriend dumped me because I was too boring . I 've tried to be more interesting ever since , '' said Sushant . SSR On Working With Sara On the work front , Sushant will be next seen in Kedarnath , opposite Amrita Singh 's daughter , Sara Ali Khan . In the same interview , when SSR was asked if Amrita is interfering too much with their daughter 's Bollywood debut , Sushant said , `` Untrue , the script has n't changed a bit from the one I was given and said ‘ yes ' to the first time . ''
They further added , `` I 'm honest and 100 per cent professional . So , there 's absolutely no interference from any parent or friend . Everyone involved is trying to do their best . ''
Mumbai : After deciding to go alone in the elections to the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC ) , India 's richest civic body , Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray has been carrying out a verbal onslaught against the BJP , even though it is its ally in the coalition government in Maharashtra .
The barbs have specially been targeted against Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis who has also not lost an opportunity to hit back . Prime Minister Narendra Modi , too , has not been spared . At a rally on Sunday , they declared that the BJP must be banned . They said after the BJP 's mega step on demonetisation or “ notebandi , ” it is time to have ‘ BJP-bandi ' as well . In a frontal attack on the BJP , they said the Centre 's decision had claimed more than 200 lives . Even soldiers had died due to the move .
They said they did not support the Congress party but emphasised that the Modi government was the worst ever seen . “ It was the soldiers who undertook the surgical strikes but the BJP is taking undue credit for it . Will it also take responsibility for the substandard food given to soldiers ? They have to fight the enemy on an empty stomach . ”
Fadnavis had earlier targeted the Sena leader by asking whether he , too , was badly affected by the note ban . “ Only those who had stashed black money are criticising demonetisation because the money they had with them was unaccounted . ”
The exchange of sharp words has been growing between the two parties , which have been allies for more than 25 years . The rise of Modi during the general elections and in the state assembly elections in 2014 left the Sena gasping for its former prominence in state politics . Though the state elections were fought on its own , the Sena later decided to support the BJP-led state government .
Now the fight for the civic elections to the BMC , which the Sena has controlled for two decades , has become a tough battle for it , considering that civic infrastructure in India 's financial capital is in a pathetic state .
This time , Uddhav has taken on an aggressive stand against the BJP to catch the people 's attention . It has been consistently using its official newspaper Saamna to express its criticism of the BJP-led government at the Centre and the state .
On Friday , the Saamna editorial praised the Congress party , its staunch rival for decades , and lauded Indira Gandhi for splitting Pakistan into two in 1971 and Rajiv Gandhi for bringing in the telecommunication age into India in the 1990s . Even if the Congress has committed “ petty theft , the party led the country on the path of economic and industrial progress . At the time of independence , India could n't even manufacture a needle . What has Prime Minister Narendra Modi brought about in the country with all the strong majority they enjoy in the Lok Sabha is the important question . ”
Fadnavis was in no way behind in lambasting the Sena and said that it resorted to Marathi ‘ manoos ' or the sons-of-the-soil slogan only as a vote bank . “ When taking decision in BMC , only contractors are remembered . Everyone else is forgotten , ” they said .
Tax reform schedule slowed by healthcare blow , warns Mnuchin
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
CLOSE Louisiana Tech women 's basketball coach Brooke Stoehr outlines their squad matching up with Power 5 teams . Cory Diaz/The News-Star
Alexus Malone scored 20 points to lead La . Tech past ULM . ( Photo : File photo )
RUSTON – Louisiana Tech overcame a 14-point first half deficit and used a 21-0 run in the second half to pull away from ULM in a 71-49 Lady Techster victory Monday night at the Thomas Assembly Center .
ULM shot 81 percent ( 9-11 ) in the first quarter and 69 percent ( 15-22 ) in the first half to take a 35-24 lead into the halftime locker room . Tech 's only lead of the opening two quarters came at 2-0 in the first 60 seconds of the game .
“ I did n't like our energy at shootaround today , ” said Tech head coach Brooke Stoehr . “ They were running Princeton and I know it because we ran it for four years at Northwestern State . If you do n't get down and guard and play in a stance and apply some pressure , then people can pick you apart . The first possession of the game we had two defenders go with a cutter and leave a wide open player . There was zero energy . ”
Jessica Harris , Gabby Cortez and Latangellia Walker combined to score 30 points in the first two quarters to lead the Warhawks ( 2-5 ) . ULM also outrebounded Tech 13-10 and outscored the Lady Techsters 9-7 on points off of turnovers in the opening 20 minutes .
“ I was calm at halftime , ” said Stoehr . “ I went in there and said this what we need to do . You need to apply pressure , play in transition and stay connected . Those were our three areas of focus and we did those in the second half . Offensively we were so stagnant in the first half . We stood around and did n't pass and cut and did n't screen . It was our energy on the defensive end of the floor when we decided to wake up in the second half that really got us going . ”
The Lady Techsters came out of the locker room in the third quarter and looked like a different team . Zhanae Whitney hit a short jumper and Kierra Anthony drilled a corner 3-pointer as Tech showed some signs of life on both ends of the floor .
ULM still led 37-31 before Tech scored six straight points , highlighted by a corner three-pointer by Anna McLeod . After a 3-pointer by Whitney Goins gave ULM a 40-37 lead , Tech ended the quarter on a 8-4 run . A Malone conventional three-point play with 1:50 to go in the third quarter gave the Lady Techsters their first lead since 2-0 .
A Kierra Anthony jumper with 27 seconds to play in the third gave Tech a 45-44 advantage and started a 21-0 run over the seven minutes . It marked the second straight game that saw the Lady Techsters hold its opponent scoreless for more than seven minutes .
Alexus Malone and Anthony led Tech 's second half charge . Malone scored 20 points and grabbed nine rebounds , 14 points coming in the second half .
“ We ca n't always wait on Lex to get us going , ” said Stoehr . “ We need other people . They got in foul trouble . They got two fouls early and basically sat the entire second quarter . We have to have other players step up and lead from an energy and effort stand point when they are n't on the floor . I thought we did that in the second half . ”
Anthony added 16 points and Dixon chipped in with a career-high nine points .
ULM shot only 6-of-26 from the field in the second half and committed 21 of its 32 turnovers in the final two quarters . Tech outscored ULM 26-2 on points off of turnovers in the second half .
Harris led ULM with 13 points , while Walker added 11 and Cortez chipped in with 10 . Cortez went down with an injury midway through the third quarter and did n't return .
Tech returns to action Dec. 18 when it hosts McNeese State .
Mansfield Town made the perfect start to 2017 as they notched their first win in six games .
Ironically , the Stags secured their first three-point haul since beating Blackpool back in November .
The victory sees Mansfield rise to 16th in the Sky Bet League Two standings .
The win was achieved thanks to Matt Green 's first half strike which was enough to see off the play-off chasing hosts .
Steve Evans had been busy in the transfer window prior to this fixture and they duly handed debuts to four players .
The quartet of Jake Kean , Ben Whiteman , Joel Byrom and Yoann Arquin all made their bows for the club and each one impressed against Gary Bowyer 's side .
Byrom was impressing with their set-piece deliveries although they could n't quite direct any to get past home stopper Sam Slocombe .
Whiteman , on loan from Sheffield United , was in the right place at the right time to clear Kelvin Mellor 's header off the line after 20 minutes .
And that near-miss proved costly for the hosts when the Stags took the lead ten minutes later .
Matt Green notched their 11th of the season after their shot from the edge of the box took a slight deflection .
The goal followed Green 's strike just two days prior , when they scored during the draw against Doncaster .
Stags failed to create any real chances until after the re-start .
Defender Krystian Pearce nodded over for Town shortly afterwards and then the visitors had to withstand some pressure from Bowyer 's troops .
However , when sub striker Jamille Matt did get any change out of the Town back four , retreating defender Kyle Howkins did well to foil their opponent before they could get a shot out of their feet .
Mark Cullen almost snatched a share of the spoils late on but after the forward chested the ball down , they smashed it wide and with that confirmed a vital three points for Evans ' troops .
Talk about getting a bang for your buck . One lucky gambler in Las Vegas hit the jackpot just before Thanksgiving — turning a $ 1.25 bet into a win of nearly ...
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
Curtis Granderson opened a five-run eighth inning with their 300th homer , a tiebreaking shot that helped the New York Mets rally past the Chicago Cubs for a 9-4 victory Wednesday night .
Injury replacement Lucas Duda added a three-run homer off Hector Rondon , and T.J. Rivera capped the outburst with an RBI single for their third hit .
With sluggers Yoenis Cespedes and Michael Conforto on the bench to begin the game , the resurgent Mets came back from a 4-1 deficit and took two of three from the defending World Series champions despite losing second baseman Neil Walker to a left leg injury .
Granderson received a standing ovation and came out for a curtain call after connecting in the eighth off Carl Edwards Jr. ( 2-1 ) .
Jerry Blevins ( 4-0 ) struck out three of their four batters to earn the win .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
( Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
Follow WPSD Sports on Facebook by clicking here .
Follow WPSD Sports on Twitter by clicking here .
Anushka Sharma is surely on roll . The actor work front is full of amazing projects . Anushka , who will have a packed year with Sui Dhaaga starring Varun Dhawan , Zero starring Shahrukh Khan and a cameo in the Sanjay Dutt biopic , spoke about the Dutt biopic and said they have recently watched the teaser of the film .
`` That ( the Dutt biopic ) is one film you guys will be very excited and happy seeing . I saw the teaser recently and I liked it a lot . I have a cameo in it . I 'm really looking forward to watching the film , '' they said .
Anushka Sharma also talked about the severe punishment for rape cases and said that they were `` 1,000 per cent '' in support of the ordinance promulgated which provides stringent punishment , including '' death '' penalty , for those convicted of raping girls below the age of 12 years .
Speaking to reporters , Anushka said , `` I am very happy with it . I will be completely , 1,000 per cent in support of the most severe punishment that there is ( for someone ) who spoils something as innocent as a child . ''
The actor was asked about their opinion on the ordinance by mediapersons on the sidelines of a Standard Chartered bankin event . They called such crimes the `` worst thing to do as a human being '' .
Anushka added that , like everyone else , they were `` deeply hurt and disgusted '' by the Kathua incident in Jammu and Kashmir , in which an eight-year-old girl was held captive in a temple there and was repeatedly raped before being killed .
The body of the girl , belonging to a minority nomadic community , was found on January 17 from Rassana forest , a week after they went missing while grazing them horses .
`` Like every one in the country , I am deeply hurt by the incident . Even now when I think about it , I feel disgusted and extremely emotional . Like I said in my statement earlier , the most severe punishment has to be meted out to the people involved , '' they said .
Anushka Sharma gets TEARY - EYES while talking about POCSO ; Watch Video | FilmiBeat
Inputs From PTI
This is what a true NBA love story looks like Avery Armstrong wo n't walk down an aisle on their wedding day . She 'll instead swap vows with Ben McCleskey on the Atlanta Hawks ' home court . Two years after Hawks CEO Steve ...
Another brutal loss tells us all we need to know about the Knicks Their All-Star played half the game like they were MIA . They managed , again , to turn certain victory into defeat . Players used words and phrases like “ most embarrassing. ” There was a ...
Refs scrubbed a play from history in bizarre Knicks shafting The Knicks did n't need help finding a way to lose — just to do it in a way no one had ever seen . A few minutes before the Knicks suffered ...
Hardaway , Hawks and refs combine for unthinkable Knicks choke It was a Super Bowl Sunday implosion of epic proportions . Knicks coach Jeff Hornacek said it was the season 's worst . Courtney Lee called it “ embarrassing. ” Kristaps Porzingis , in hard-hitting remarks , ...
Knicks survive late sloppiness in ugly win over Hawks The schedule-maker smiled at the Knicks over this past weekend . They gave them back-to-back games , never a joy , but they were against the two worst teams in the NBA . The ...
The unsung rookies who are turning the NBA on its head At the free throw line with 20 seconds left , putting the finishing touches on a 41-point masterpiece , Jazz rookie Donovan Mitchell could no longer contain the joy brewing beneath his ...
Nets get chance for immediate revenge in must-win game ATLANTA — For the Nets , getting beaten at home Saturday by the Hawks — one of the worst teams in basketball — was like slap in the face . One can ...
Nets look flat in rough outing after winning road trip After a winning road trip , Nets coach Kenny Atkinson was worried their young team would come out flat in their first game back home . They are n't wrong . And they are ...
The Knicks ' flaws were on display in an unforgivable loss HOUSTON – Anyone who labeled the Knicks for real after a historic victory over a tough Raptors squad Wednesday at the Garden , received a stark reminder Friday after a trip ...
President Donald Trump waves as they leave a rally at the Nashville Municipal Auditorium on May 29 , 2018 . Drew Angerer/Getty Images
Donald Trump is planning to spend a lot of time in red states with competitive Senate races this year , according to a New York Times report about the president 's relatively low-risk strategy for the midterms .
On Tuesday , Trump traveled to Tennessee to stump for Rep. Marsha Blackburn , the GOP 's pick to replace retiring Sen. Bob Corker . The president hit their usual midterm message : that a vote for the Democrat is a vote for Chuck Schumer and a vote against Donald Trump .
“ Marsha 's very liberal Democratic opponent , Phil Bredesen—I 've never heard of this guy . Who is he ? Who is he ? ” Trump said of a popular former governor who has drawn praise for their ability to work across the aisle from conservatives like Corker . “ He 's an absolute total tool of Chuck Schumer. ” The crowd laughed at the word tool and then cheered Trump 's message .
It was the same line of attack they used earlier this month against Democratic Sen. Joe Donnelly at a rally in Indiana . And it 's the same one he 's expected to use in the coming weeks against Democrats in a half dozen or so other key Senate races that could decide control of the upper chamber . It 's a one-size-fits-most approach designed to appeal to Trump voters in a year when their name wo n't be on the ballot .
But the president is already having trouble sticking to the script .
Trump has made no secret of their affection for at least one of the Democrats he 's supposed to be focused on ousting—North Dakota Sen. Heidi Heitkamp—and on Wednesday , they praised another , Indiana Sen. Joe Donnelly , just a few weeks after lambasting them at a campaign stop .
In North Dakota , the president has arguably done more to help Heitkamp than they have to hurt them in a state they won by more than 35 points two years ago—something increasingly frustrated Republicans have noticed . Their embrace of Heitkamp has allowed them to run ads hyping their own conservative streak and touting their willingness to work with the Republican in the White House . Several of their fellow red-state Democrats have taken the same tack—including Bredesen , Montana Sen. John Tester and West Virginia Sen. Joe Manchin , to varying degrees—but Trump has declined to play along .
Trump 's latest gift to Heitkamp came just last week , when the White House invited them to attend the signing of a bank deregulation bill they cosponsored along with a dozen other Democrats , including Donnelly , Tester , and Manchin . Heitkamp accepted , and was the only Democrat in the room for the perfect photo-op to help them to make their case back home .
Trump gave Donnelly a similar gift on Wednesday , when they hosted the senator at the White House for the signing of a bill to allow for experimental drug treatments . “ Senator Donnelly , thank you very much , ” Trump said to Donnelly , as they sat in the front row . “ That 's really great . Appreciate it . Thank you. ” The praise came just a few weeks after Trump mocked Donnelly as “ Sleepin ' Joe ” at a rally in Indiana .
Trump and Heitkamp 's unlikely affinity for each other began even before Trump was sworn in . They made the pilgrimage to Trump Tower in 2016 to discuss a possible Cabinet position . And last fall , Trump gave them a ride on Air Force One on their way to North Dakota , where they then unexpectedly brought them up on stage and called them a “ good woman ” in front of a group of Republicans that included Rep. Kevin Cramer , a long-time Trump supporter who would eventually launch their campaign to unseat Heitkamp at Trump 's personal request .
Trump is expected to make a return trip to North Dakota to stump for Cramer in the near future , but even Cramer is n't so sure Trump will turn on Heitkamp . “ Politically , North Dakota 's a pretty nice state , ” they told Politico this week . “ So I do n't know that turning it on them is necessarily politically helpful to me. ” Not that Trump appears particularly concerned with that .
To view this video please enable JavaScript , and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
Gregg Allman ‘ s family , associates and musical collaborators will honor the late Allman Brothers Band singer with a trio of live celebrations timed around the September 8th release of their final live LP ,
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com : Gregg Allman Tribute Events Planned Around Final LP , ‘ Southern Blood '
…read more
Via : : Rolling Stone
Much has been made about LeBron James ' supporting cast in Cleveland . It 's not very good . Well , relatively speaking . Kevin Love is an All-Star . J.R. Smith , Kyle Korver and Jeff Green have been good-to-great role players throughout their careers .
But still , it 's basically LeBron and a bunch of nobodies . Case in point : You probably ca n't name this guy posing with the Eastern Conference Championship Trophy ?
I know we got jokes about Lebron not having teammates , but dawg , who the hell is this ? ? ? ? ? pic.twitter.com/rArUKeyHFc — The Chef ( Steve ) ( @ ChefWaites ) May 29 , 2018
Seriously , what 's their name ? Without googling it ? He 's not even on the Cavs roster page on NBA.com .
Give up ?
Scroll down past the GIF of LeBron James trying to figure out who it is for the answer…
Why it 's John Holland , of course .
Finals bound A post shared by John Holland ( @ mrhollandsopus ) on May 27 , 2018 at 9:48pm PDT
Holland is a 29-year-old guard out of Boston University who has a two-way contract with Cleveland . They averaged 2.3 points a game in 24 appearances for the Cavs this season .
While we 're here , can we take a second to applaud them for nabbing the Mr. Holland 's Opus handle on Instagram ? Well done , sir , and congrats for making it to the Finals .
Alex Wong/Getty Images ( WASHINGTON ) — Walking hand in hand , kisses from cheek to cheek , effusive praise .
The “ bromance ” between President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron continued to raise eyebrows Tuesday on day two of Macron 's state visit .
Not shy about expressing their affection for Macron , Trump told reporters in the Oval Office , “ We do have a very special relationship , ” as they brushed off what Trump called “ a little piece of dandruff ” off Macron 's suit jacket shoulder .
“ We have to make them perfect . They are perfect , ” Trump added .
The official day began when the two shared an unreserved double-cheek kiss upon Macron 's arrival at the White House Tuesday .
After the arrival ceremony , the two men walked side by side into the White House with their hands on each other 's backs .
They then walked hand in hand through the colonnade toward the Oval Office .
In a rare comment , Trump agreed with how the news media portrays their relationship with Macron .
“ They are always saying what a great relationship we have . It is not fake news , ” Trump said .
The president also praised Macron for their leadership .
“ He is doing a great job… they will be a great President of France , ” they said .
Later , at their joint press conference , the two again locked hands and shared a kiss .
“ I like this guy a lot , ” Trump said .
Copyright © 2018 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
PLAYERS OF THE DAY
Trae Young is the name everyone knew as No . 12 Oklahoma head to Austin to take on Texas , but it was another first-year student point guard — Matt Coleman — who left as the star of the show .
Coleman finished with 22 points and a pair of assists , doing quite a bit of the work defensively on Young , who finished with 19 points and 14 assists but shot 7-for-22 from the floor and 2-for-14 from three .
It 's great to see Coleman playing well . Texas is trying to cope with the fact that one of the players on the roster ( sophomore Andrew Jones ) is in a battle with leukemia , and that means that more of the load has been hoisted upon Coleman . He 's answered the call .
So has Kerwin Roach , who finished with 19 points , four boards and four assists . He 's become arguably the best perimeter player for the Longhorns in recent weeks , scoring at least 16 points in five of the six games since returning from injury .
THE REST OF SATURDAY 'S STARS
SHAMORIE PONDS , St. John 's : Ponds finished with 33 points — including a pair of massive shots in the final 75 seconds — as the Johnnies knocked off No . 4 Duke at home .
: Ponds finished with 33 points — including a pair of massive shots in the final 75 seconds — as the Johnnies knocked off No . 4 Duke at home . COLLIN SEXTON , Alabama : Sexton finished with 17 points , eight boards , six assists , two steals and a block as the Crimson Tide went into Gainesville and knocked off No . 23 Florida by 18 points .
: Sexton finished with 17 points , eight boards , six assists , two steals and a block as the Crimson Tide went into Gainesville and knocked off No . 23 Florida by 18 points . JEROD HARPER , Auburn : 14 points and 14 assists is n't a bad night . That 's what Harper did as Auburn whipped up on Vanderbilt .
: 14 points and 14 assists is n't a bad night . That 's what Harper did as Auburn whipped up on Vanderbilt . JOCK LANDALE , Saint Mary 's : Landale was terrific , finishing with 34 points , 18 boards and four assists as No . 13 Saint Mary 's won at San Diego .
: Landale was terrific , finishing with 34 points , 18 boards and four assists as No . 13 Saint Mary 's won at San Diego . TREVON BLUIETT , Xavier : Bluiett finished with 31 points on 9-for-16 shooting on Saturday as the Musketeers held off Georgetown . They made this shot to force the overtime .
TEAM OF THE DAY
Oklahoma State desperately needed to win at No . 7 Kansas on Saturday if they wanted any chance of getting back to the NCAA tournament this season , and they did just that .
The Pokes were up by as many as 18 points in the first half , as the Jayhawks spent 40 minutes playing like they thought all they had to do to win at home was to show up . Kendall Smith led the way with 24 points , five boards and five assists for OSU while Cameron McGriff chipped in with 20 points .
This is the third game that Kansas has lost in Phog Allen this year . Bill Self entered the season having lost just 11 times in that building in their tenure with Kansas .
Kansas , on the other hand , is now tied with Texas Tech for first place in the Big 12 .
GAME OF THE DAY
( UPDATE : Actually , it was this game . )
I do n't know how Indiana did it , but somehow they shot 28.8 percent from the floor and 4-for-19 from three and still managed to have a potential game-tying heave at the buzzer bounce off the back of the rim .
The Spartans got up double-figures early and seemed to throw this thing into cruise control . The Hoosiers slowly but surely chipped away , creating another mind-bending stat : Michigan State , with the biggest front line in college basketball , finished with 29 total rebounds and just three offensive boards on Saturday while Indiana had 25 offensive rebounds despite starting a front line that stands 6-foot-6 and 6-foot-8 .
The final score ended up being 63-60 despite Michigan State 's best efforts to give this one away .
WTF ? ? ? ? OF THE DAY
St. John 's entered Saturday having lost 11 straight games .
It is February , and the Red Storm do not own a single win in the Big East . It 's been something of a disaster for Chris Mullin , one that has them fully on the hot seat .
So obviously , with No . 4 Duke coming to town , the Johnnies … played their best game of the year ?
Shamorie Ponds popped off for 33 points while Bashir Ahem added 19 points and Tariq Owens chipped in with 17 as St. John 's erased a seven-point halftime deficit to beat the Blue Devils . Duke was absolutely torched by Mike Krzyzewski after the game — and deservedly so — which has me asking : How is a team as talented as Duke is so reliant on Marvin Bagley III ?
WHAT ELSE DO YOU NEED TO KNOW ?
Remember when we thought that No . 21 Kentucky making that thrilling comeback and winning at West Virginia would be the turning point in their season ? LOL . After needing overtime to beat Vanderbilt at home during the week , the Wildcats lost at Missouri in a game were the Tigers were more or less in control throughout . Kentucky was a trainwreck in the first half , digging themselves too big of a hole to dig out of . Kassius Robertson had 16 points and four assists to lead the way for Mizzou .
Whatever funk No . 10 Texas Tech was in earlier this year , they are out of it now . The Red Raiders won their fourth straight game on Saturday , knocking off TCU at TCU . The final score was 83-71 , but it really was n't that close .
Whatever funk No . 15 West Virginia was in the last three weeks , they look to be out of it now . The Mountaineers beat Kansas State by 38 points .
The two best teams in the SEC continue to be No . 18 Tennessee and No . 11 Auburn . The Volunteers absolutely smashed Ole Miss on Saturday , eventually winning by 33 points , while the Tigers held off Vanderbilt at home . It 's a shame these two teams already played this season . It did n't get near the fan fare it deserved .
Deandre Hunter had 15 points and six assists off the bench for No . 2 Virginia as they knocked off Syracuse , 59-44 .
Corey Sanders went for 31 points , seven boards and three assists , but it was n't enough as No . 3 Purdue beat Rutgers in Piscataway , 78-76 .
No . 19 North Carolina got back to their winning ways , snapping a three-game losing streak against Pitt . The most noteworthy part ? Theo Pinson was healthy , finished with 13 points and eight assists and played as the back-up point guard .
Jacob Evans had 19 points as No . 8 Cincinnati knocked off UConn in Hartford .
Isaiah Washington did everything they could — 26 points in total — to get Minnesota a win in Ann Arbor , but it was not meant to be . No . 24 Michigan won 76-73 in overtime .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
VANCOUVER , BRITISH COLUMBIA -- ( Marketwired - April 18 , 2017 ) -
THIS NEWS RELEASE IS INTENDED FOR DISTRIBUTION IN CANADA ONLY AND IS NOT INTENDED FOR DISTRIBUTION TO UNITED STATES NEWSWIRE SERVICES OR DISSEMINATION IN THE UNITED STATES .
CanWel Building Materials Group Ltd. ( `` CanWel '' or the `` Company '' ) ( TSX : CWX ) announced today that it has closed its bought deal offering ( the `` Offering '' ) of 6,598,470 common shares of the Company ( the `` Shares '' ) ( including Shares issued pursuant to the exercise in full of the over-allotment option granted by the Company to the Underwriters ( as hereinafter defined ) ) at a price of $ 6.10 per Share for total gross proceeds of $ 40,250,667.00 . The Offering was underwritten by a syndicate of underwriters led by GMP Securities L.P. , and including National Bank Financial Inc. , Canaccord Genuity Corp. , Haywood Securities Inc. , Raymond James Ltd. , and Cormark Securities Inc. ( collectively , the `` Underwriters '' ) .
The net proceeds of the Offering will be used initially to fund a reduction of the Company 's revolving credit facility , which is expected to be drawn in the future to fund potential acquisitions , and for working capital and general corporate purposes . Specifically , the Company is evaluating additional acquisitions of U.S. and Canadian pressure-treated wood operations and expects to announce any acquisitions in due course once definitive agreements are reached .
The securities offered have not been , nor will they be , registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 , as amended , and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to , or for the account or benefit of , U.S. persons absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements . This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of the securities in any State in which such offer , solicitation or sale would be unlawful .
About CanWel
Founded in 1989 , CanWel is headquartered in Vancouver , British Columbia and trades on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol CWX and is Canada 's only fully integrated national distributor in the building materials and related products sector . CanWel operates multiple treating plant and planing facilities in Canada and the United States , and operates distribution centres coast-to-coast in all major cities and strategic locations across Canada and near San Francisco and Los Angeles , California . CanWel distributes a wide range of building materials , lumber and renovation products . In addition , through its Jemi Fibre division , CanWel operates a vertically-integrated forest products company based in Western Canada , operating from British Columbia to Saskatchewan , also servicing the US Pacific Northwest . CanWel owns approximately 136,000 acres of private timberlands , strategic Crown licenses and tenures , log harvesting and trucking operations , several post and pole peeling facilities and two pressure-treated specialty wood production plants and a specialty saw mill .
Cautionary Statements
Certain statements in this press release , including but not limited to , statements about the Company 's expectations regarding the announcement of acquisitions , may constitute `` forward looking '' statements . When used in this press release , such statements use words , including but not limited to , `` may '' , `` will '' , `` would '' , `` should '' , `` expect '' , `` believe '' , `` plan '' , `` intend '' , `` anticipate '' , `` predict '' , `` remain '' , `` estimate '' , `` potential '' , `` continue '' , `` could '' , `` might '' , `` project '' , `` targeting '' , `` future '' and other similar terminology or the negative or inverse of such terminology . These forward-looking statements reflect the current expectations of the Company 's management regarding future events and operating performance , but involve known and unknown risks , uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results , performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any future results , performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements . Actual events could differ materially from those projected herein and depend on a number of factors . These factors would include , but are not limited to , dependence on market and economic conditions , sales and margin risk , competition , information system risks , availability of supply of products , risks associated with the introduction of new product lines , product design risk , environmental risks , differing law or regulations across jurisdictions , volatility of commodity prices , inventory risks , resource industry risks , resource extraction risks , risks relating to remote operations , forestry management and silviculture risks , fire , flood and natural disasters risks , customer and vendor risks , acquisition and integration risks , availability of credit , credit risks , litigation risks , interest rate risks , regulatory risks and employee retention risks . A further description of these and other risks which could cause results to differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements can be found in the periodic and other reports filed by the Company with the Canadian securities commissions and available on SEDAR ( http : //www.sedar.com ) . In addition , a number of material factors or assumptions were utilized or applied in making the forward-looking statements .
Some of the key assumptions include , without limitation , assumptions regarding the performance of the Canadian or U.S. economies , the relative stability of or level of interest rates , exchange rates , volatility of commodity prices , more limited availability of access to equity and debt capital markets to fund , at acceptable costs , the Company 's future growth plan , the ability of the Company to refinance its debts as they mature , capital and loan availability , the Canadian or U.S. housing and building materials markets ; the amount of the Company 's cash flow from operations ; tax laws ; and the extent of the Company 's future acquisitions and capital spending requirements or planning as well as the general level of economic activity , in Canada and the US , and abroad , discretionary spending , and unemployment levels . There is a risk that some or all of these assumptions may prove to be incorrect . These and other factors could cause or contribute to actual results differing materially from those contemplated by forward-looking statements . Accordingly , readers should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements or information . There are numerous risks associated with an investment in the Shares , which are also further described in the `` Risk Factors '' section of the Company 's annual information form dated March 30 , 2017 and its other public filings on SEDAR . These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release . We caution that the foregoing factors that may affect future results are not exhaustive . When relying on our forward-looking statements to make decisions with respect to the Company , investors and others should carefully consider the foregoing factors and other uncertainties and potential events . Except as required by applicable securities laws , the Company does not undertake , and specifically disclaims , any obligation to update or revise any forward looking information , whether as a result of new information , future developments or otherwise , except as required by applicable law .
× Texas man cleared of killing 2-year-old daughter after son , 7 , confesses
FORT WORTH , Texas ( AP ) — Prosecutors dropped a capital murder charge against a Texas man accused in the death of their 2-year-old daughter after investigators learned their then-5-year-old brother said they caused their death , authorities said Thursday .
Anthony Michael Sanders , 33 , was accused of smothering their daughter , Ellie Mae , at their home in the Fort Worth suburb of Watauga in 2015 . Investigators believed Sanders held their hand over their mouth , possibly out of anger for interrupting their computer games .
Jailed since April 2016 , Sanders denied responsibility . They said they found their daughter not breathing after their son reported they would n't wake up .
Prosecutors learned in August that the boy , now 7 , told their mother they were responsible , the Fort Worth Star-Telegram reported . They did n't believe their son but decided to tell authorities about the claim . Investigators say the boy cried as they told them that they accidentally rolled a heavy pillow onto their sister 's face while they played and that they were unable to move it . They said the pillow had something zipped inside that made it heavy .
At one point the child told investigators that they had n't told anyone else about the circumstances of the death because they were “ afraid that they would get in trouble . ”
Court records indicate the boy made a reference during a counseling session a year or two ago that they “ killed their sister , ” but the counselor did n't address the statement and the boy was n't asked why they said it .
Tim Moore , Sanders ' defense attorney , said their client was “ elated ” that the charge was dismissed .
“ He has denied it from the beginning , ” Moore said .
An arrest warrant affidavit had stated the girl had bruises on their body and other injuries , but Moore said Sanders is n't responsible and will not face any new charges .
A spokesperson with the Tarrant County district attorney 's office said that prosecutors wo n't discuss the dismissal of the capital murder charge or other aspects of the case at this time .
An official with the Tarrant County medical examiner 's office said it was possible for a 5-year-old to overpower a 2-year-old and that the boy 's claim that they smothered their sister with a pillow could not be disproven , according to a court filing .
KENDALLVILLE , Ind . ( WISH ) — A Michigan woman is facing one charge of theft after police say they allegedly stole more than $ 51,000 from a man for whom they were guardian .
Michelle Alexander , 45 , of Reading , Michigan , was a court-appointed guardian for a 59-year-old Kendalville man whose physical and mental health was declining .
Alexander accessed the victim 's bank account and used their disability checks for themselves between October and December of 2015 , according to Indiana State Police . The victim lost more than $ 51,000 in all .
Alexander transferred the victim to a Jay County mental health facility in July 2016 . The victim was appointed a new guardian after that due to a lack of communication from Alexander , police say . An audit revealed discrepancies in the victim 's finances .
An Indiana State Police detective was made aware of the theft in May 2017 , after a four-month investigation , a charge was filed against Alexander .
Alexander turned themselves into the Noble County Jail Sept. 24 and has been released on bond .
1:27 Why is Kemba struggling ? Pause
1:25 Steve Clifford breaks down Hornets ' loss to Clippers
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
8:20 Cooper offers compromise HB2 repeal proposal
2:43 Tax reassessment : A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:30 Super Bowl 51 : Players to Watch
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called them the N-word
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
Police said the robber held up a bank within a grocery store in the 9300 block of West Flamingo Road on March 9 , 2017 . ( Source : LVMPD )
Police said a man wearing a hard hat held up a west Las Vegas Valley bank branch located inside a grocery store last Thursday .
According to Las Vegas Metro police , the incident was reported at about 5 p.m. on March 9 in the 9300 block of West Flamingo Road . The robber was speaking to the bank manager when they pulled a handgun from their portfolio and demanded money .
Police said the robber went behind the tellers ' counter and took money from the drawer before leaving the bank .
Police described the robber as black , about 5 ' 9 '' and 165 pounds . They were wearing a hard hat , hair net , white dust mask and an orange traffic vest .
Police also believe the same person is responsible for other holdups throughout the Las Vegas Valley .
Police urged anyone with information on the case to contact Metro 's Robbery Section at 702-828-3855 or Crime Stoppers at 702-385-5555 .
Copyright 2017 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Due to an issue discovered with the “ Self Refund ” feature , we 'll be disabling it until we create a fix and make some usability improvements to the system . — Fortnite ( @ FortniteGame ) April 24 , 2018
Epic Games has introduced a new feature with today 's update that allows player to return skins and emotes for a full refund of their precious V-Bucks .
Unfortunately a bug was found shortly after the option was enabled so you ca n't refund the items right now but Epic Games is working on re-enabling the feature as soon as possible .
There were some key restrictions in place with the new option . Players were only able to refund three items total per account . This means you can just go and purchase every new skin , wear them for a couple games and then return them for a full refund .
Not everything is refundable but the vast majority of the cosmetics are . The three per account rule is probably in place to stop people from abusing the system . Here is what it says about refunding in today 's patch notes :
Self-Service Cosmetic Returns featured has been added .
Will allow you to return up to 3 cosmetic purchases for V-Bucks ( lifetime ) . Only eligible purchases made within the past 30 days are able to be returned .
. What can be returned ? Emotes Gliders Harvesting Tools Back Bling Outfits
What can not be returned ? Battle Pass Tiers Starter Pack Founder 's Pack Founder 's Pack Upgrades Loot Llamas ( Save the World ) Event and Weekly Items ( Save the World )
Players have up to 30 days to decide if they want to refund a skin or not . Many of the skins are really cool so we do n't expect buyer 's remorse show up very often . V-Bucks are n't the easiest thing to come by naturally so we ca n't really blame players for wanting to refund them to get a cooler skin if it pops up .
Buying the Battle Pass for 950 V-Bucks will usually cost players around $ 10 but will allow players to earn skins and additional V-Bucks along the way , eventually recovering the cost of the Battle Pass and then some . This is probably why Epic Games decided to make the Battle Pass non-refundable as it would cause players to likely lose all of their rewards they earned through progression .
Correct , this is how it worked while it was enabled . — Fortnite ( @ FortniteGame ) April 24 , 2018
Many more changes came with today 's update including the addition of the Clinger . This grenade has the ability to stick to structures and players with a delayed timer . Unfortunately it does n't act as a mine like the Gear of Wars grenade did , which was also developed by Epic Games . You can read the full list of patch notes right here .
This Thursday marks the last week of Season 3 's weekly challenges before the focus shifts in to Season 4 . There has n't been a whole lot announced about Season 4 as of yet but we did our best to get everything we do know into one post . You can read all we know about Fortnite 's Season 4 right here .
Fortnite : Battle Royale is out now on Xbox One , PS4 and PC via the Epic Games Launcher . For more Fortnite : Battle Royale coverage , content and guides stay with us here at Heavy . Make sure you check out the rest of our gaming coverage too .
See Also :
West Demerara /East Bank Demerara Guinness Competition…Group stage conclusion and quarter-finals on this evening
The final round of the group stage and quarter-finals to be played this evening when play in the West Demerara/East Bank Demerara Guinness ‘ Greatest of the Streets ' Competition resumes , at the Pouderoyen Tarmac .
In the opening game at 19:00hrs , West Side Ballers and De Kinderen square off , before Golden Warriors engage Patentia Street Ballers at 19:30hrs .
Next up is the clash between ESPN and Goal Getters from 20:00hrs , before Goed Intent All-Stars and Money Team collide .
Agricola Champion Boys then battle Hustlers from 21:00hrs and this encounter precedes the clash between Brothers United and Tajoe 's Admiral United at 21:30hrs .
The final round-robin fixture is a matchup between defending champion Showstoppers and Jetty at 22:30hrs .
Following the conclusion of the round robin phase , the quarter-finals will begin .
The semi-finals and final will be played on Friday , at the same venue .
The winning team will take home $ 450,000 , the championship trophy and selection to represent the zone at the National Championship .
The second , third and fourth placed teams collect $ 150,000 , $ 100,000 and $ 50,000 respectively .
Meanwhile , the current point standings are seen below :
Taxes are due on Tuesday , and Lynn could use a drink . Then you 'll love this story . We got a couple of extra days this year since the 15th landed during Easter weekend . But it 's just delaying the inevitable . Now one Doral hot spot is offering some tax day relief .
Tax Day is around the corner , and for those who paid — and those who did n't — BLT Prime at Trump National Doral has a deal for you .
Michele Grimm , event manager at BLT Prime : “ In honor of Tax Day on Tuesday , April 18 , we are offering all-day 50 percent off of our beer , champagne , select wines and cocktails . ”
All day April 18th , both hotel guests and locals who drink up at BLT Prime can get the discount .
Michele Grimm : “ We are doing this because we want to give back for Tax Day . We want you to come out to Trump National Doral and enjoy the stunning looks on our veranda and enjoy all of our beverages . ”
Toast to getting a refund — or drink up after you pay up .
Michele Grimm : “ This deal is not only for wines by the glass , but also wines by the bottle of our featured wine bottles . ”
Bubbly by the glass , and even beer on tap and in bottles , are half off .
Customer 1 : “ It 's like a big happy hour in Doral . ”
From the house specialty — the BLT Julep ; it 's made with powered sugar , simple syrup , whisky and mint — to the antioxidant mojito that mixes fresh mint and berries with rum , cocktails can be an all-day affair .
Michele Grimm : “ You can spend all day here . Start your day off with a Bloody Mary , and then stay for happy hour , and then have a nightcap . ”
Ben Franklin said it best . “ In this world , nothing can be said to be certain , except death and taxes . ”
Well — maybe that should be — death , taxes and great drink specials .
Michele Grimm : “ Our cocktails are usually $ 16 , so with the tax relief you get 50 percent off , which would make it a very great deal of $ 8 . ”
Sorry guys — drinking at BLT Prime is n't a tax write-off , but it 's a way to make tax day less taxing .
FOR MORE INFO :
BLT Prime at Trump National Doral
Trump National Doral
4400 N.W . 87th Ave .
Miami , FL 33178
( 305 ) 591-6606
http : //bltrestaurants.com/blt-prime/miami/
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
We at Houston Public Media are deeply saddened by the recent loss of actor and writer Carrie Fisher . They were a princess , a general , and a force of nature . Some of us attended lightsaber vigils in their name ( see below ) :
In honor of their passing , we wanted to share some of the moments that we 've had with Carrie .
In May of 2012 , Ernie Manouse interviewed them for the Houston Public Media TV 8 program , InnerVIEWS with Ernie Manouse . At the time , Carrie was putting on a Houston production of their stage show Wishful Drinking , which had also become an autobiographical memoir of sorts . In the interview , Fisher talks about their family life as the daughter of two popular celebrities ( Eddie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds ) , their experiences as a script doctor , their treatments for bipolar disorder , and maybe even a little bit about Star Wars , for which they are best known as the role of Princess Leia Organa .
Around that same time , Ms. Fisher also chatted with former HPM producer Bob Stevenson on the then daily arts magazine , The Front Row :
May the Force be with you , Carrie .
Israel tries to accommodate extradition requests from other countries , Justice Ministry International Law Division Director Yuval Kaplinsky said on Wednesday , in a rare public appearance at the Israel Bar Association Conference in Eilat .
They were being pressed by lawyer Benny Katz , who represents defendants whose extradition is being requested , about why Israel appears to be so ready to send its citizens to foreign countries when they can be tried here .
Kaplinsky replied : “ We look for a way to say ‘ yes . ' That is what we want to project to the world and I think we are succeeding. ” He added that if someone surveyed the relevant US and European officials , they thought they would compliment Israel for being cooperative , noting that Israel was cooperative “ not because we simply always want to say ‘ yes , ' but because in the international arena , we live in a world of reciprocity. ” In other words , they know that Israel will be asking many countries to extradite Israeli criminals who fled the country to escape justice , and they want to ensure that Israel 's extradition requests get granted by granting others ' requests where possible.In addition , they pointed out that Israel has signed international conventions that place obligations on it in the area of extradition , and that “ we do not want to be in violation of our obligations. ” He also clarified that “ we do say ‘ no , ' but it happens when we have tried everything to say ‘ yes , ' so the other country understands we are not a state who does not want to cooperate ... Usually there is also a telephone call or meeting , ” to smooth over any diplomatic hiccups.On the same panel , another extradition defense lawyer , Mark Werksman of Werksman , Jackson , Hathway & Quinn in the US , discussed the issue from the perspective of those facing extradition.He emphasized that lawyers with clients involved in risky transactions that could get them caught up with the law need to plan in advance for bond hearings , including having US property ready to put up for bond.Werksman said that getting clients out on bail was a crucial moment for the relationship with the client and also for the rest of the proceedings.Further , they said that if defense lawyers were more prepared for extradition situations and the quicker they figured out an angle where they could cooperate with prosecutors , the better their end result was likely to be , whether with reduced prison time or better .
The musician and multimedia artist has created an immersive experience designed to make people aware of their implicit biases . It 's called `` The Institute Presents : NEUROSOCIETY . ''
Read the full story at KQED .
Phil Elverum performs during the When We Were Young Festival 2017 at the Observatory on April 8 in Santa Ana , California . Harmony Gerber/WireImage
What are the stages of grief that come after the classic five , after the “ acceptance ” of a death-warped reality ? Perhaps psychotherapists have terms for them , but the culture as a whole is scant on language for those slower-unwinding ordeals . With average life spans continuing to stretch out , though unevenly and without fairness , more individuals are going to spend more days and years in the long aftermaths of accumulated losses . We could use lessons in what to anticipate . In a way , such an education is what the Anacortes , Washington , musician Phil Elverum has been providing with their two latest albums—last year 's acclaimed A Crow Looked at Me and their new Now Only—but without any of the condescending instruction of self-help .
Elverum has been making independent folk-rockish records since the mid-1990s , first as the Microphones , then since 2003 as Mount Eerie . Their music has always been fairly subdued yet intense and solipsistic , with a kind of American transcendentalist aesthetic ( Emerson , Thoreau , Whitman ) combined with a distinctly Pacific Northwest naturalist mysticism : songs full of moon , ocean , mountains . In 2016 , Elverum lost their wife , the gifted French Canadian artist Geneviève Castrée , to pancreatic cancer at barely 35 , diagnosed just the year before . They were left with their infant daughter , their rural home , the night sky , importuning memories , and a gaping chasm .
On Crow , they narrated their day-to-day passage through that state , the lurching tears , the awkward silences on trips into town , the ontological questions , the scattering of ashes , the apologetic redistribution of clothing they could n't bear to keep in the house . The scenes came in stutters and undammed streams over mostly bare acoustic guitar . “ Death is real , ” it began . “ Someone 's there and then they 're not . And it 's not for singing about . It 's not for making into art . ”
Given that the album was made nonetheless , that statement of principle would be honored mostly in the breach , as in a sense it always is . If death were n't real , would humans need to make anything into art ? But it also announced , or warned , that this music was not going to be conspicuously artful . Their lines were less formal lyrics than observational prose poems , and the songs less conventional tunes than tentative melodic shapes . Rather than the ritual mourning music of tributes , dirges , or funereal lamentations ( not that people could n't use more of those as well ) , this was music as documentary , as memoir . Along with Björk 's time-lapse heartbreak soundtrack Vulnicura , the contemporary work it most resembled was perhaps Joan Didion 's equally stark The Year of Magical Thinking , their book about the sudden , world-unmooring death of their husband—I was going to describe it and Crow as “ unflinching , ” but in fact they 're all raw , uncontrollable flinching , and that is what they 're unflinching about .
Elverum , who 'd relied on symbolism before and sometimes portentously so , had discovered that some truths of existence can be represented only without metaphor or allegory . It 's a revelation artists have had before him , for instance the poet Marie Howe , whose style was stripped down and retooled for their 1997 book about their younger brother John 's death of AIDS , What the Living Do . Its title poem , littered with Drano , torn grocery bags , too-bright winter sun , and unanswerable yearnings , has become a much-anthologized touchstone . On the second track of the new album , “ Distortion , ” Elverum explicitly points to this transformation of method , recalling the first dead body they ever saw , their great-grandfather 's embalmed shell at their funeral , where Elverum could n't grasp the symbolism in the Bible passage they were cajoled to read , but “ that dead body spoke to me , clear and metaphor-free. ” ( Several verses later , they add that “ the second dead body I ever saw was you , Geneviève , when I watched you turn from alive to dead right here in our house . ” )
A Crow Looked at Me seemed singular in essence . On its release , I listened to it twice , with great admiration but excruciating difficulty , too , and the last thing I would have thought was , “ Please , do another one of these. ” It was hard enough to make myself play it again this week to prepare for the sequel . But it turned out that it was easier to appreciate in revisiting for the grace of its music and poetry , instead of the secondhand torment . I had adjusted to the idea . Now Only benefits from the fact that , in a sense , Elverum has adjusted , too , which is part of the story post-acceptance , though never without spasms of anger and absurdity and helplessness . Now Only is an album I can imagine returning to more often , even as its title , in such a different register from the first , cautions that this is still a first-draft report from the front , still radically subject to revision . It even makes me look forward to another chapter in the near future .
I was going to describe it and Crow as “ unflinching , ” but in fact it 's all raw , uncontrollable flinching .
While it has the same general homely , ruminative sound , dominated by early Leonard Cohen–like acoustic fingerpicking , it 's more expansive—its six songs average seven minutes each , compared to Crow 's 11 averaging less than four minutes—and it varies much more in music and mood . Phil and Geneviève 's love story is a larger presence , and so is their daughter 's growing personality , as well as chapters from their life before the relationship . There are snatches of bouncy country-rock , drone metal , bright piano , and more generous harmonies . As it will , the world begins to reassert itself . So , too , does forgetfulness , that awful paradox for survivors , both salve and scourge , as when the midpoint track “ Earth ” opens over crunchy rock chords with the statement , “ I do n't want to live with this feeling any longer than I have to/ But also I do n't want you to be gone . ”
It 's still a harrowing listen . There is a terrible moment in “ Earth ” when Elverum finds that they did n't bury Geneviève 's ashes deep enough in their garden the previous year , and fragments of bone begin resurfacing in “ the spring upheaving. ” He 's left to ask whether that shard was part of the finger that not long ago touched them or another of the skull that housed their fertile imagination . But even here they find themselves unwillingly comforted by the idea that their body is gradually returning to landscape , and that their own someday will , too : “ Compost and memory , there 's nothing else . ”
Yet there are also a few jokes . Naturally of the dark kind , but there 's certainly nothing on Crow—where a household object like a toothbrush can become an instrument of mental torture—like the title track , “ Now Only , ” in which Elverum makes fun of their past self for looking around at the people with them in a hospital waiting room ( before Geneviève 's death ) , who hold bereavement-related books like Atul Gawande 's Being Mortal , and thinking , “ No , my devastation is unique. ” The song then breaks into a twangy , major-chord , upbeat chorus , proclaiming chirpily , “ But people get cancer and die/ People get hit by trucks and die/ People just living their lives/ Get erased for no reason/ With the rest of us watching from the side. ” It 's bitterly funny , but if you can handle the guilt pangs , it 's funny nonetheless . Gallows humor : It 's one of those stages left out of the original Kübler-Ross model .
The title is also a joke about a marquee billing , as in , “ Tonight Only , Mount Eerie ! ”
Besides the passage of time , what 's changed here is a relationship to a kind of original sin , which is that Elverum made the first album . For such a prolific creator , writing songs is obviously part of how they feel compelled to process their life . Even when feeling solitary in their pain , they must have intuited that others would empathize , or they would have left Crow as a basement tape . Still , how listeners responded was a secondary concern . Instead , it became their most successful album in more than a decade . So here he 's remembered us , and that 's partly because he 's ended up singing those songs on stages—a topic that comes up several times on Now Only , on which the title is also a joke about a marquee billing , as in , “ Tonight Only , Mount Eerie ! ” In the title track , they sing with the deepest ambivalence about having been hired by a music festival to stand in the desert and sing their “ death songs to a bunch of young people on drugs ” while Skrillex is trafficking in bass drops somewhere afield . Elverum indicts themselves for having fun the night before talking craft with a bunch of other singer-songwriters and wonders if he 's just commodifying their grief for profit now : “ You are gone , and then your echo is gone , and then the crying is gone , and what is left but this merchandise ? ” In another mode , on “ Distortion , ” they ask , “ Is it my job now to hold whatever 's left of you for all time/ And to re-enact you for our daughter 's life ? ” But this is the job that , in their misery when they made Crow , they conscripted themselves into . How can they be satisfied by singing purely about light on water ever again ?
One of the most moving moments in Now Only comes in the final song , “ Crow , Pt . 2 , ” when Elverum is scrambling to get their daughter dressed and give their breakfast , to have a normal surviving day , then goes to put on music , and the little girl asks them to play “ Mama 's record. ” Then , they reconstruct , “ She 's staring at the speaker with this look of recognition/ Putting it together that it 's you singing/ I 'm sobbing and eating eggs again . ”
This problem , shared by both Phil and Geneviève in a way ( one of the hardships they outline here is that they have to go through their sketches and notebooks , to curate the work that will live after her ) , is both a burden and a privilege . Theirs are not lives that will go unrecorded , after being gunned down in the street , after having their fixes mixed with fentanyl , after just being decent people with regular jobs whose kids try to remember stories they probably never asked about enough to pass down through generations . ( How many of us can name all of our great-grandparents ? ) Elverum sings here about reaching their first understanding of death as a child , how it made them want to have an impact that would perpetuate their memory , and how that guided their choices . Thankfully they also remember their mother laughing at them as “ this kid trying to wriggle their way out of mortality/ Of the final , inescapable , feral scream . ”
I was that kid , too . Now , I know I wo n't wriggle out , but I still fantasize . And I 've lost people who I wish had been granted that all-access pass . But in each case , there was someone closer to those lost , who I saw go through the temporary madness of mourning , for weeks or months or years . I wept for them but was frightened , too , by my mother 's sudden panic in the grocery aisle a few days after my father 's death , fleeing into the parking lot , leaving me to complete our required list for the wake . It took a while , but they have moved on to a renewed and fulfilling life , as I strongly suspect Phil Elverum will in time .
I also think about how much unjust death there 's been in hip-hop , year by year , or in the working-class ranks of early rock 'n ' roll . Fans of “ alternative ” genres mostly confront the reaper 's scythe retrospectively , tracing back the scars it left in songs before the fact of an overdose , a suicide , some emotional self-destruction . Not as real-time narrative . As one of the selected bohemian few , Mount Eerie is using the voice they have , protected by artistic status , by available land , by the privilege to conceptualize the universe speaking to and for him , to chronicle an agony , arrived too soon , that most mortals confront at least once but most again and again in the course of our forgettable lives . But still , if they can do it with this much fidelity , I will keep listening yearly to this serial drama of an existential crime , for as long as they want to unscroll it .
How To Quell Wanderlust Between TripsFive tips to help cope with the strong desire to get away from it all in advance of your next big trip
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States .
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris , France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums , Churches , Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture . This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights . Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order .
Five Essential Planning Tips For Your European VacationNothing beats traveling abroad . It 's educational , invigorating and just plain fun . With the Pound and Euro inching closer to the value of the U.S. Dollar there has never been a better time to explore new lands . In order to get the very best experience out of your trip it is essential that you put a lot of thought and planning in your preparation . The more pre-planning that you do , the fewer hassles during your travels . Here are some basic tips to get you started on your next “ Trip of a Lifetime ! ”
Welcome to today 's Aston Villa live blog ! We will have all of the fallout from the defeat to Cardiff City as well as the latest transfer news .
Steve Bruce is expected to dip into the market before the window closes , while a number of Villa 's out of favour stars are looking to secure moves away from Villa Park .
Ross McCormack , Gary Gardner and Tommy Elphick are all expected to leave before the transfer window closes on August 31 and are attracting interest from some of Villa 's Championship rivals .
Leandro Bacuna 's departure to Reading was confirmed yesterday and the midfielder could even line up against Villa for Reading on Tuesday evening after signing a four-year deal with the Royals .
Stay tuned for all the latest AVFC news ...
You must be a Premium Subscriber to read : Financial Times
Months after selling to China 's sovereign wealth fund , Blackstone is back for more Logicor
Gregory Allen Pickerell of Grand Lake , died Sept. 27 at St. Anthony 's Hospital in Lakewood . They were 57 .
`` Pick '' was born on May 10 , 1960 in Longmont to James Pickerell and Alice Bailey Pickerell . They graduated from Longmont High School in 1978 , where they lettered in football and baseball .
Pick married Heidi Hooley on June 26 , 1986 . During their marriage they had three beautiful children . They were later divorced .
Pick spent their career in the construction business . They were a talented artist , specializing in custom home framing and log work . They worked in the Boulder County area for over 20 years , before moving to their beloved mountains , framing in the Grand Lake area for the past 15 years .
Pick loved the outdoors , hunting water fowl and upland birds , fishing , hiking and trap shooting . They spent the winters skiing with their children , grandchildren , close friends and joined a bowling league in Grand Lake . Recently they had taken up sailing and was excited to spend time on the water . Pick was never seen without their sidekick , an English Setter `` Rusty . '' They will be remembered for their homemade ice cream at all friends and family celebrations , their ambition to help others , their appreciation for God 's work in the beauty of nature and their unconditional love for all friends and family . Pick always found a way to make the most of life .
Surviving are mother Alice Pickerell of Longmont ; daughters Rebekah Pickerell of Longmont ; Sarah ( Jake ) Liberatore of Erie ; son Noland Pickerell of Longmont ; brother Larry ( Debbie ) Pickerell of Longmont ; grandchildren Eva Pickerell-Peterson and Preston Peterson of Longmont ; and their trusted and constant companion Rusty .
Services will be held Friday , Oct. 6 at 2 p.m. at the Howe Mortuary Chapel .
Contributions may be made to the Chick Clark Kids Fishing Program .
Please share your thoughts , memories and condolences with the family at http : //www.howemortuary.com .
Monday episodes of Late Night with Seth Meyers are a special treat . Back in the pre-Trump era , the show 's “ A Closer Look ” segments were often reserved for a John-Oliver-style piece on a single topic ( hence the title , presumably ) . But they 've long since been broadened into “ Weekend Update ” type overviews in an attempt to keep up with the manic pace of our national implosion . On Mondays , Meyers has three days of new developments to cram in , and the result is as much fun as watching Lucy and Ethel at the candy factory . Meyers acknowledges the challenge , opening the segment by ruefully shaking their head and exclaiming , “ Man , crazy shit happens so fast in this presidency , sometimes it feels like I 'm binge watching it. ” Here 's a brief rundown of everything they take a closer look at :
• The president suing Stormy Daniels .
• Trump 's inconsistency about how well they know Putin .
• Facebook suspending Cambridge Analytica .
• Trump 's Twitter tirade against Robert Mueller .
• Trump 's tweets about Andrew McCabe .
• Trump firing McCabe .
• Trump firing James Comey .
• McCabe 's claim that they have memos about their meetings with Trump and Trump 's reaction .
• Trump 's incentives and possible consequences if they fire Robert Mueller .
That is a lot to cram into nine minutes of late night television , and it 's a tribute to Meyers that they make it through so much news and necessary context while still finding time to make a joke about the president hiring lawyers named “ Harder ” and “ Stonerock ” to sue an adult actor . But it does n't seem like the pace of the news is likely to slow down soon , so sooner or later , the show will have to either narrow its focus or hire the Micro Machine man .
The Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport , Abuja , which was closed in March to enable the rehabilitation of its 3.6 kilometres runway is now ready for operation .
See photos of the new runway :
In the latest video , Smith is seen hurdling obstacles as well as shuffling to the side and taking off .
The latest Jaylon Smith video shows off some interesting work the Cowboys draft pick is doing on their surgically repaired knee .
Smith , a linebacker out of Notre Dame , suffered a serious leg injury in their final game for the Fighting Irish but was still drafted by Dallas in the second round . Their injury kept them on the sidelines all season .
Smith had surgery early last year to reconstruct their left anterior cruciate ligament and during their recovery they dealt with a drop foot condition that has required them to wear a brace . Smith said in January the brace `` is not a limiting factor at all '' and if they had played this postseason they could have played with the brace on and competed at an 'elite level . '
The biggest concern has been the firing of nerves in Smith 's knee , but Smith said last month that they 're starting to regenerate .
Smith has been sharing videos of their progress pretty regularly . Past videos have showcased their speed and other qualities .
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach Pause
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion , complexity in California 's new gun laws
0:49 Morro Bay police share details of homicide investigation
1:36 2016 's worst red-light runners
1:33 How to grill ribs : Tips from The Rib Line 's kitchen
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron , as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear , who died in Grover Beach dog attack
0:47 Great white shark caught on video in Morro Bay
Before this week , Sunset Park 's basketball court had a dangerous surface with many cracks and temporary repairs . ( Photo : Google )
New blacktop and lines on Sunset Park 's 16-hoop basketball court have made it safer and easier to play there . ( Roger Bryner / FOX5 )
With 16 hoops , Sunset Park 's basketball court can hold eight full-court games . But cracks and temporary repairs made the surface uneven and dangerous .
`` Before it was real rocky , real clumsy ; you could fall down and hurt yourself , '' Bryan Jones , who plays at the court on Sunset Road near Eastern Avenue regularly , said .
But new blacktop has literally leveled the playing field . That , along with new painted lines , which make the game easier to play , have been giving pick-up players something to smile about .
`` Now , everything is smooth , you can see the lines where you want to shoot from , it 's really nice . I like it . That 's why I 'm out here more now , '' Jones said .
`` It definitely gives you more excitement to come over here and try to play , '' Markus Owens , who plays at the park weekly , said .
`` You could n't see the lines that good . It was more like , you had to make up your own lines , '' Jones said laughing . `` Now you can see the three-point line , the out of bounds , everything looks nice now . Hopefully it will bring out a lot more people here to play . ''
Despite the improvement , some said they still want to see more .
`` Next thing I want them to do is to get these these double rims out , '' Owens said laughing .
The park is open daily from 6:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Police bans Dino Melaye , others from holding unapproved rally in Kogi
The Kogi State Police Command on Wednesday announced an indefinite ban on rally , public procession and demonstration in all parts of the state . The Commissioner of Police ( CP ) , Mr. Wilson Inalegwu , who made the announcement in Lokoja during a meeting with area commanders , divisional police officers and senior police personnel said the ban takes immediate [ … ]
Police bans Dino Melaye , others from holding unapproved rally in Kogi
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Do you something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Trump disputes report they watch hours of television daily
hello
President Donald Trump walks across the South Lawn of the White House in Washington , Sunday , Dec. 10 , 2017 . Trump is returning from a trip to their Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach , Fla. Associated Press
WASHINGTON -- President Donald Trump is disputing a report that they watch hours of television each day , calling it , `` Another false story . ''
The president is pushing back against a report in The New York Times about their first year in office that mentioned they watch at least four hours of television a day , sometimes twice that amount .
Trump says on Twitter that they `` seldom , if ever , '' watches CNN or MSNBC , `` both of which I consider Fake News . '' The president says they also never watches CNN anchor Don Lemon 's show , `` CNN Tonight . ''
The Times said its story was based on interviews with 60 advisers , associates , friends and members of Congress .
Trump has repeatedly lodged complaints about mainstream news outlets that they argue have covered their presidency unfairly and inaccurately .
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) — The Minnesota Vikings ' great survivor was 23 years old when they came to the Twin Cities unaware of where their new job would take him .
Kevin Stefanski packed up their car and headed to the Midwest with new coach Brad Childress , not to join the coaching staff or the front office , but to sit in a desk outside Childress ' office and take care of the day-to-day tasks that were beneath the head coach 's purview .
Since those modest beginnings , Stefanski has held four different coaching positions , endured two coaching changes and weathered some chaotic moments over the last 12 years . Now 35 and with gray flecks in their beard , Stefanski is the longest-tenured coach on the Vikings ' staff and in charge of the most important position on the field — the quarterbacks .
“ It 's wild . I did n't set out for that , ” Stefanski said . “ I got out here when I was 23 years old . I 'm standing in a meeting making an announcement and there 's Brad Johnson who is 38 . I 'm thinking , ‘ Is this guy even going to listen to me ? '
“ But my mentality was day to day , week to week and year to year . Now to sit back and look at it and say I 've been here 12 years , I can say that is unique . But it 's not some magic trick . You kind of just show up . ”
A former standout defensive back for Penn and the son of longtime NBA executive Ed Stefanski , Kevin got their start with the Vikings by putting together travel itineraries , taking marketing and public relations meetings , assembling scouting reports and organizing schedules , a jack-of-all-trades position that gave them an up-close view of the daily demands that a head coach faces .
“ Being able to be in the nitty gritty of that was so important , ” Stefanski said . “ I learned as much in those years as any other job , to see each one of those circumstances and how those are dealt with . ”
Occasionally Childress would allow Stefanski to break down film on a player or prospect to get their feet wet on the coaching side . Eventually they were promoted to assistant quarterbacks coach in 2009 , the year that Brett Favre arrived . They held on to that job during Leslie Frazier 's three-year run as coach , and has coached tight ends , running backs and now QBs under Mike Zimmer .
“ He 'll be a coordinator at some point , ” tight end Kyle Rudolph said . “ He 's just a great football mind . There 's a reason he 's withstood all the coaches they have . ”
Not just coaches but drama . In Stefanski 's time with the Vikings , they have watched Favre come in , lead the team to an NFC title game and then exit the next season while being dogged by salacious off-the-field headlines . They saw the Metrodome roof collapse in a snowstorm and a new stadium open , and Adrian Peterson tear their ACL , win the MVP the next season after a 2,000-yard year and miss a season while facing child abuse charges . They worked under accomplished offensive coordinators Darrell Bevell , Bill Musgrave , Norv Turner and now Pat Shurmur .
“ In terms of the things that have gone on , I 've kind of seen it all . I 've gotten a front-row seat in the NFL and year to year you never know what the season is going to bring , ” Stefanski said . “ We do n't know the things that are going to happen this year or last year . Just be able to rally no matter what happens . ”
They have taken over a position group with an element of uncertainty simmering just beneath the surface . Sam Bradford set an NFL record for completion percentage last season but is entering the final year of their contract . Teddy Bridgewater , once deemed the future face of the franchise , is still recovering from a traumatic leg injury last August that forced the Vikings to trade for Bradford in the first place .
Bridgewater will start the season on the physically unable to perform list but has been pushing team officials to get them cleared to return to action this season . It all adds up to a potentially awkward room . But Stefanski has made a good first impression .
“ I think those meetings with them have been some of my most enjoyable times spent in a quarterback room , ” Bradford said .
Stefanski said they have tried to make things as collaborative as possible among Bradford , Bridgewater , veteran backup Case Keenum and developmental prospect Taylor Heinicke .
“ It 's fun being back in that quarterback room because you can really dive into the rabbit hole here and get into the deep parts of the game , understanding the coverages and protections , ” Stefanski said . “ For me it 's been fun being back in that room . I feel comfortable in there . It 's nice to have four guys really pushing each other . ”
( © Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
LAS VEGAS , NV -- ( Marketwired - Apr 18 , 2017 ) - Them Imports ( OTCQB : HHER ) , a leading retailer of human hair extensions and related beauty products , today reported its financial results for the full year ended December 31 , 2016 . Revenue for the full year totaled $ 13.6 million with gross profit margins of 43 % .
Barry Hall , Chief Executive Officer of Them Imports , stated , `` In 2016 , our focus was on growth via retail , low cost , 'pop-up ' locations throughout the United States . We ended the year with 30 locations generating $ 13.6 million revenue . At our retail locations , our customers receive an intimate one-on-one consultation from our experienced professional staff . After our consumer experiences and purchases our high quality hair and beauty products in person , it is quite common to reorder through our e-commerce platform . Online sales accounted for approximately 25 % of revenue during 2016 . Since the end of the year , we have opened 5 additional retail locations as well as three kiosks in malls , initially testing each market with minimal risk and increasing the marketing and overhead investment based on the data we collect from consumer demand . By the end of 2019 , we anticipate operating 100 retail locations throughout the United States . ''
2016 to Date Business Highlights :
Ended the 2016 year with 30 retail locations and has since opened an additional six locations throughout the United States and closed one location
Launched new point-of-sale through three kiosks in highly trafficked shopping locations , utilizing the kiosks as a low-cost leading indicator of the future market opportunity as well as an additional method of acquiring a customer
Announced the strategic hire of renowned celebrity hair stylist Tippi Shorter than Vice President , Product Development & Marketing
Successfully completed reverse stock split , company name and new ticker symbol change to further enhance and more appropriately reflect the corporate brand
Financial Highlights for the Full Year 2016 :
Revenue totaled $ 13.6 million for the full year 2016 , as compared to $ 13.3 million , an increase of 2 % , for the full year 2015 . The year-over-year increase in store revenue was partially off-set by a greater decrease in online sales due to the discontinuation of financing sales due to customer .
Gross margin was 43 % for the full year 2016 , as compared with 50 % for the full year 2015 . The decrease in gross margin year-over-year reflects the shift to retail sales vs. sales online as a percentage of total sales .
Net loss was $ 1.8 million , or ( 0.11 ) per share , for the full year of 2016 , compared with net income of $ 1.9 million , or 0.13 per share , for the full year 2015 . In 2015 , the Company received a one-time gain on the sale of subsidiaries in the amount of approximately $ 1.4 million .
The Company was cash flow positive from operations in 2016 . In 2015 , the Company generated $ 948,258 in cash flow from operations however , accounting for the one time gain of approximately $ 1.4 million , the Company had a cash flow from operations deficit in 2015 .
About Them Imports :
Them Imports sells human hair extensions and related hair-care and beauty products at retail locations throughout the U.S. and on our Website , www.herimports.com . Additionally , by way of our proprietary ecommerce platform and strategic leveraging of social media buys , we convert prospects into customers while developing long-term personal relationships and loyal customers .
Forward Looking Statements :
Statements in this document contain certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended . These statements are based on many assumptions and estimates and are not guarantees of future performance . These statements may involve known and unknown risks , uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results , performance or achievements of Them Imports to be materially different from future results , performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements . Them Imports assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information , future events or developments , except as required by applicable securities laws . For more information , please refer to Them Imports ' financial statements as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Consolidated Statements of Operations
For the Years Ended December 31 , 2016 2015 Product sales $ 13,574,402 $ 13,287,173 Cost of product sold 7,806,590 6,706,425 Gross profit 5,767,812 6,580,748 Operating expenses Royalties 1,202,727 1,259,990 Selling expense 4,374,774 3,767,959 General and administrative expense 887,516 632,305 Total operating expenses 6,465,017 5,660,254 Income ( loss ) from operations ( 697,205 ) 920,494 Other income ( expense ) Gain on sale of subsidiaries - 1,415,444 Loss on termination of agreement ( 1,339,514 ) - Gain on debt settlement - 11,405 Forgiveness of penalty - 60,000 Interest income 165 - Interest expense ( 1,706 ) ( 17,549 ) Total other income ( expense ) ( 1,341,055 ) 1,469,300 Income ( loss ) from continuing operations before benefit ( provision ) for income taxes ( 2,038,260 ) 2,389,794 Benefit ( provision ) for income taxes 208,668 ( 345,376 ) Income ( loss ) from continuing operations after provision for income taxes ( 1,829,592 ) 2,044,418 Loss from discontinued operations - ( 96,604 ) Net income ( loss ) $ ( 1,829,592 ) $ 1,947,814 Basic income ( loss ) per share Continuing operations $ ( 0.11 ) $ 0.14 Discontinued operations $ - $ ( 0.01 ) Net basic earnings ( loss ) per share $ ( 0.11 ) $ 0.13 Diluted income ( loss ) per share Continuing operations $ ( 0.11 ) $ 0.14 Discontinued operations $ 0.00 $ 0.00 Net diluted earnings ( loss ) per share $ ( 0.11 ) $ 0.13 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic 17,231,345 15,083,007 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - fully diluted 17,231,345 15,083,007
Consolidated Balance Sheets
December 31 , 2016 December 31 , 2015 ASSETS Current assets Cash $ 355,568 $ 449,675 Receivables 45,576 64,940 Related party receivables 26,612 88,577 Inventories 2,047,453 1,767,832 Prepaid maintenance fees - current 75,000 31,250 Other prepaid expenses 46,411 52,234 Deposits 32,950 17,780 Total current assets 2,629,570 2,472,288 Furniture , equipment and software , net 256,525 307,156 Prepaid maintenance fees - non current 284,375 - Intangible asset , net - 1,879,111 Trademark 8,200,000 - Total assets $ 11,370,470 $ 4,658,555 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS ' EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities $ 728,425 $ 483,155 Income tax liability 127,651 345,376 Notes payable 43,805 21,903 Total current liabilities 899,881 850,434 Total liabilities 899,881 850,434 Stockholders ' equity Callable $ 0.072 per share per year non-cumulative dividend , liquidation preference of $ 1 per share , preferred stock , $ 0.001 par value , 10,000,000 shares authorized and outstanding and 5,000,000 shares authorized and no shares issued and outstanding as of December 31 , 2016 and December 31 , 2015 , respectively 10,000 - Common stock , $ 0.001 par value , 65,000,000 shares authorized and 24,899,788 shares issued and outstanding and 70,000,000 shares authorized and 16,299,788 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31 , 2016 and December 31 , 2015 , respectively 24,900 16,300 Additional paid-in capital 26,625,497 18,152,037 Accumulated deficit ( 16,189,808 ) ( 14,360,216 ) Total stockholders ' equity 10,470,589 3,808,121 Total liabilities and stockholders ' equity $ 11,370,470 $ 4,658,555
Michael Conlan will make a step up in opposition in 2018 , according to MTK Global co-founder Matthew Macklin , following the Belfast featherweight 's latest victory in New York last Saturday night .
Former world amateur champion Conlan moved to 5-0 ( 4KOs ) as a pro with a comprehensive six-round points win over Argentina 's Luis Fernando Molina at Madison Square Garden 's Theater .
Fighting on the undercard of Vasyl Lomachenko 's successful WBO world super-featherweight title defense over Guillermo Rigondeaux , 26-year-old Conlan featured in the chief-support bout ahead of their fellow Olympic medallists .
The Irishman headlined at the same venue on their pro debut last March and the MTK Global-managed fighter will return to MSG once again on another Top Rank-promoted bill on St Patrick 's Day 2018 .
“ I think Paddy 's Day will be the next fight , so he 'll go home and enjoy Christmas and the new year , rest up and build up towards Paddy 's Day , ” said Macklin , who predicted that 2018 will be a big year for Conlan .
“ The first year with their pro debut was huge . They [ Top Rank ] have kept the ball rolling since . He 's had massive hype and he 's had a year in the gyms here , sparring with the likes of Oscar Valdez and Jessie Magdeleno .
“ He knows what the pro game is all about now . I think next year they 'll start stepping them up . He 's got six rounds under their belt – that will stand them in good stead and who knows , Paddy 's Day could be an eight-rounder .
“ Maybe they 'll go six [ rounds ] again , we 'll see , but I think certainly the one after will be an eight-rounder and we 'll look at stepping up the opposition slowly but surely . ”
Conlan delivered an impressive switch-hitting display to dominate all six rounds against durable 29-year-old Buenos Aires native Molina , who carried a 7-3-1 record into the fight .
Boxing as a southpaw for much of the fight , the Irishman cruised to a shut-out 60-54 victory on all three judges ' cards .
“ I think that 's the best he 's boxed so far in their pro career , ” said Macklin . “ There 's big pressure on them in the sense that he 's getting these great slots and great exposure , which is what you want , but you have to remember they 're only their first few professional fights .
“ He 's been a little bit too eager at times… but I think in this fight they really settled down and found a rhythm and their distance .
“ His shot selection was really good and I thought they boxed really well from the southpaw stance , ” added the MTK Global fight adviser .
While Conlan eased to victory , the bout marked the first time that the Falls Road fighter has gone six rounds as their previous four paid wins came via early stoppages .
However , Macklin was happy to see the Manny Robles-trained fighter bag rounds and pro experience .
“ It 's nice to get stoppages , but to be honest , Mick 's not really a one-punch concussive heavy hitter , ” said the former world middleweight title challenger. “ That 's not their style . Their style is that he 's very clever , they have a good judgment of distance and a good variety of shots .
“ He 's almost a bit of a counterpuncher when he 's at their best and they were treading shots through the middle , finding gaps , setting traps and using their feints .
“ He used the ring and their upper-body movement was good . I think that 's the best he 's boxed so far , ” added Macklin .
Meanwhile , MTK Global-managed Seán Turner and Archie Sharp both recorded wins on Saturday night in Europe .
Dublin heavyweight Turner ( 12-1 , 8KOs ) recorded a career-best eight-round knockout win over Arnold Gjergjaj in Basel , while Welling super-featherweight prospect Sharp ( 11-0 , 6KOs ) defeated Rafael Castillo over eight rounds in London .
The Irishman – a two-time Olympian – revealed after the bout that their left hand was sore following their victory , but insisted that it would not impact on their training plans .
“ It was just a bit of bruising around the knuckles , ” said Conlan . “ It 's no problem . The guy had a tough head ! I hurt them a few times , but they survived and fair play to him , ” continued the Belfast native , who will return to Madison Square Garden on St Patrick 's weekend in 2018 .
“ I 'll have three weeks off [ over Christmas ] maybe because I 've been in camp all year and it 's been a fast , hard year , ” said Conlan . “ Five wins , four KOs – I 'd have liked if it was five KOs , but unfortunately not ! I 'm happy anyway and looking forward to a big 2018 . ”
By TEMPLE LI
Some schools across the United States have determined to dissuade students from having best friends . A handful of psychologists and media-ites are behind the propaganda guiding this best-friend-hating policy . This has even led to a few schools attempting to “ ban ” best friends .
Students may be subject to punishment if they determine to publicly anoint a number one buddy . They could face detention , perhaps suspension and , certainly , ridicule upon engaging the normal human behavior of loyalty to their closest of friends .
The irrationale ( yes “ irrationale ” versus rationale ) behind this policy is to prevent kids from being excluded in friendships . Of course , the entire basis of having a “ best ” friend is exclusionary in nature . This type of exclusion , of course , is a great benefit to people , of all ages . Best friends foster the development of great and important qualities in individuals : loyalty , confidence , caring , and love . Best friends allow for support when others wo n't be there to provide such aid in the most difficult of situations . They provide confidence . They provide strength .
The list of human benefits of having best friends is endless – and obvious . And it 's wholly stupid to even have the need to explain such matters . The conversation apparently must be engaged , however , given that the overly-politically correct have struck at traditional normality once again .
Certainly it is fine policy to encourage students to be kind , polite and friendly to all fellow students . That said , it is quite idiotic to discourage the wonders of having best friends . And it is dangerous to punish it .
Temple Li is the news editor for Empire State News , where they frequently author who own editorials ( just because they feel like it ) . They graduated at the top of their class at a mediocre college , infuriating their professors with their conservative wit and sultry charm . Empire State News allows Ms. Li to make a living , and to have a platform to tell people what they think . What could be better than that ?
COMMENTS DISABLED BY SITE .
YOU MAY , HOWEVER , COMMENT THROUGH FACEBOOK .
Melanie Darnell 's husband was traveling for work , their 10-month-old was n't sleeping through the night and their 2-year-old had an ear infection . They wanted to know how much sleep they were actually getting so they duct taped a Nest Cam to the ceiling .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
MINNEAPOLIS ( WCCO ) — The search warrants released Monday in connection to Prince 's death say that when investigators searched Paisley Park last year they found opioids hidden in over-the-counter medication bottles .
The initial search turned up more than 100 opioid pills stashed in various locations around Paisley Park . The search warrants do not reveal any findings of fentanyl , the powerful opioid that medical officials say killed Prince last April .
The newly-released search warrants list a Bayer Aspirin bottle with 64 and-a-half pills with the label Watson 853 . There was also an Aleve bottle with 20 and-a-half pills with the same imprint .
Watson 853 is the label for the opioid hydrocodone-acetaminophen , the brand name is Vicodin .
Dr. Anne Pylkas , a medical addiction expert who is not connected to Prince 's case , says hiding opioids in over-the-counter bottles is something they often see .
“ I would say it 's pretty common , ” they said , “ especially if they did not come in their own prescription bottles . ”
Also found at Paisley Park were 10 white round pills in a CVS bottle with an imprint of A-349 . Pylkas says those pills are likely Percocet .
The prescription is in the name of Prince 's bodyguard , Kirk Johnson .
One search warrant says Dr. Michael Schulenberg admitted to putting a prescription in Johnson 's name to protect Prince 's privacy .
Other medications were found in the backpack of Andrew Kornfeld , the son of a California addiction doctor who made the 911 call the day Prince died .
Kornfeld , who is not a doctor , had two forms of the opioid Suboxone , a highly-regulated withdrawal medication that only specially trained physicians can prescribe .
“ The physician has to have had this extra training…the patient has to be evaluated by the physician before treatment begins , ” Pylkas said .
Kornfeld 's attorney said last year they are protected by a Minnesota law that shields anyone who is trying to help someone to overdose .
It is against the law for a doctor to prescribe a medication in another person 's name .
In a statement Monday , Schulenberg 's attorney denied they had ever directly prescribed opioids to Prince . They also denied they ever prescribed opioids to any other person with the intent they be given to Prince .
The investigation into Prince 's death remains on-going .
Image copyright Cardiac Risk in the Young Image caption The Mason family has funded more than 1,000 screenings since Dean Mason died in 2010
About 200 people will undergo heart screenings over the weekend thanks to fundraising efforts in memory of a 26-year-old from Carmarthenshire .
The family of Dean Mason , who died from an undiagnosed heart condition in 2010 , has raised enough for 1,040 people to be screened through a memorial fund .
It will be the 10th time Cardiac Risk in the Young ( CRY ) will have performed the tests in Whitland .
Heart conditions in under-35s are thought to cause 12 deaths per week .
The Dean Mason Memorial Fund has raised enough to bring in a screening unit for the weekend including a van , three electrocardiogram ( ECG ) machines - which trace the rhythm of the heart - and an echocardiogram machine , which is similar to an ultrasound machine .
An ECG test is non-invasive and can identify most abnormalities in the heart which cause premature deaths in young people .
In last year 's event , 16-year-old Frank Aretz from Tenby , Pembrokeshire , was diagnosed with a condition known as hypertrophic cardiomyopathy ( HCM ) , which could have had fatal consequences if not detected early .
Daniel Mason , Dean 's brother , said : `` We all want to thank the entire local community for all their support and fundraising efforts in memory of Dean .
`` We are proud to continue making an impact on lives of young people across Wales and playing a part in helping to prevent other families from experiencing the same devastating grief as we have . ''
The tests are run by Cardiac Risk in the Young and they check 27,000 people under 35 in the UK each year .
But chief executive Dr Steven Cox says it should be mandatory for all young people .
`` The death of a young person is devastating for any family , '' they said .
`` It is therefore essential that anyone with a potentially fatal heart condition knows about it .
`` Without this knowledge and , if necessary , appropriate treatment , they could be putting their lives at risk as in 80 % of cases there are no signs or symptoms . ''
TEHRAN , Iran — President Hassan Rouhani says Iran is ready to restore ties with Saudi Arabia if it stops bombing Yemen and cuts its alleged ties with Israel .
In a speech broadcast Sunday , Rouhani said the regional rivals could have “ good relations ” if the Saudis end their “ misguided friendship ” with Israel and halt the “ inhuman bombardment ” of Yemen , where a Saudi-led coalition is battling Iranian-allied rebels known as Houthis .
Saudi Arabia severed diplomatic relations with Iran in January 2016 after Iranian demonstrators attacked Saudi diplomatic missions in response to the Saudi execution of a prominent Shiite dissident cleric . Tensions spiked again last month after the Houthis fired a ballistic missile that was intercepted near Riyadh .
Saudi Arabia does not recognize Israel , but the two countries have a shared interest in countering Iran .
Home prices in 20 U.S. cities grew in February at the fastest pace since mid-2014 , underscoring the persistent scarcity of inventory amid strong demand , according to S & P CoreLogic Case-Shiller data released Tuesday .
Highlights of Home Prices ( February ) 20-city property values index increased 6.8 % y/y ( est . 6.4 % ) after rising 6.4 % ; fastest gain since June 2014
National home-price gauge rose 6.3 % y/y
Seasonally adjusted 20-city index rose 0.8 % m/m ( est . 0.7 % ) ; index level of 209.29 is highest in records back to 2000
Key Takeaways
The data showed monthly gains in all 20 cities , including strong advances in expensive areas such as Seattle and Los Angeles , along with cheaper regions including Cleveland and Detroit . Sales are getting a boost from the strong labor market and borrowing costs that are still relatively low , though they 've been edging up in recent weeks .
At the same time , a shortage of available and affordable listings , especially of previously-owned houses , is sending prices higher and limiting purchases . Growth in property values continues to outpace wages , another hurdle for younger or first-time buyers looking to enter the housing market . Meanwhile , the ongoing price gains are translating into rising home equity for owners .
Official 's View
“ With expectations for continued economic growth and further employment gains , the current run of rising prices is likely to continue , ” David Blitzer , chairperson of the S & P index committee , said in a statement .
Other Details
All 20 cities in the index showed year-over-year gains , led by a 12.7 percent increase in Seattle and an 11.6 percent advance in Las Vegas ; Washington was slowest at 2.4 percent
After seasonal adjustment , Cleveland had the biggest month-over-month rise at 1.6 percent , followed by Detroit and Seattle with a 1.4 percent increase
Separate report from the Federal Housing Finance Agency showed its home-price index climbed 0.6 percent in February from a month earlier after a revised 0.9 percent increase
FHFA price index advanced 7.2 percent from February 2017
— With assistance by Kristy Scheuble
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Time 's a good healer
Normally newly appointed managers come with their own ‘ bounce ' - but former England goalkeeper Chris Kirkland says Steve Cotterill has quite a task on their hands lifting their inherited group of players .
Birmingham City were put to the sword in front of the watching Cotterill by Hull before the international break , a severe set-back after the vital win over Sheffield Wednesday just three days earlier .
Backroom appointment
Steve Cotterill has decided to retain the services of coach Paul Williams .
The former Derby and Coventry defender Williams was due to depart Blues once Lee Carsley 's stint as caretaker came to an end .
Easier task
Steve Cotterill believes turning Birmingham City around this season wo n't be as difficult as it was last .
The new Blues boss returned to the club on Monday - just six months after they left having been part of Harry Redknapp 's salvage operation .
Loan watch
Greg Stewart is one of seven Birmingham City senior players currently out on loan .
The 27-year-old will spend the rest of the season with Scottish Premiership outfit Aberdeen - moving back to Scotland just a year after joining Blues from Dundee .
Perfect fit
Former Birmingham City midfielder Mark Yates believes Steve Cotterill is the ‘ perfect appointment ' for Blues .
The 47-year-old has played under and coached with Cotterill during a three decade career on the field and off it .
Get in quick
Birmingham City are close to selling out yet another away allocation - this time for the trip to Millwall later this month .
There are just 150 tickets remaining for the trip to the New Den on Saturday , October 21 , a game which kicks off at 5.30pm .
Frozen out
Birmingham City club captain Paul Robinson felt disrespected when they were told to train with the club 's Under 23s by the last management team .
Robinson , who has made 174 appearances in five years at Blues , has been reintegrated into the senior squad by new boss Steve Cotterill .
City Council Member Also Charged with Federal Program Fraud , Extortion , and Witness Tampering
ASHEVILLE , N.C. – A federal indictment was unsealed in U.S. District Court today , charging Leroy Miller , Jr. , 51 , and Joseph Samuel Davis , 42 , both of Tryon , N.C. , with federal program fraud conspiracy , announced Jill Westmoreland Rose , U.S. Attorney for the Western District of North Carolina . The indictment also charges Miller with three additional counts , including federal program fraud , extortion under color of official right and witness tampering . The indictment was returned under seal by a federal grand jury sitting in Asheville on April 4 , 2017 , and remained under seal until Miller 's arrest earlier today .
John A . Strong , Special Agent in Charge of the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) , Charlotte Division , and Robert Schurmeier , Director of the North Carolina State Bureau of Investigation join U.S. Attorney Rose in making today 's announcement .
“ Violating the trust of the public deserves swift and sure action by prosecutive authorities , ” said U.S. Attorney Rose . “ Today , on behalf of the citizens of Tyron , my office responded with an indictment against these two individuals who egregiously abused the trust bestowed upon them by the people . ”
“ The individuals arrested today are accused of stealing from the very system they were entrusted to support . The FBI and our law enforcement partners will investigate those who prey on programs that provide essential services to our citizens for their personal gain , ” said Special Agent in Charge Strong .
“ The public holds government officials to a high standard , and when that public trust is broken , we all suffer , ” said SBI Director Schurmeier . “ The SBI will continue to place a high priority on public corruption cases such as this one in Polk County , and we sincerely appreciate the diligent work of the U.S. Attorney 's Office in prosecuting this case . ”
A Brazilian Jiu Jitsu trainer and NYC resident named Loiba was heading into Manhattan on the E train a week ago when when they looked up and saw an `` unbelievably gorgeous '' man sitting across from her , they told BuzzFeed News .
`` Rarely do you see a supermodel ride the subway train , '' Loiba said . `` I can tell he 's a fashion model because of what they were wearing . ''
They admitted that they were blatantly staring at them for the duration of the subway ride — mostly because they were so physically attractive , they said , but they also thought they looked very familiar .
`` I was trying to figure out who they are , '' they said .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
With fine food from DePalo & Sons in Shell Beach , you can make a romantic picnic on the bluffs above the beach . Joe Johnston jjohnston @ thetribunenews.com
Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau will visit the University of Chicago on Feb. 7 as part of an event to celebrate the fifth anniversary of the Institute of Politics .
Trudeau will give remarks and answer questions from Institute of Politics founder and director David Axelrod during the event , which will begin at 4:30 p.m. in Mandel Hall . Tickets to the event are sold out , but it will be streamed live on UChicago 's Facebook page and through the Institute of Politics website .
Trudeau , the son of former Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau , became Canada 's 23rd prime minister in 2015 . They are among the 1,000-plus guests to visit the Institute of Politics since January 2013 as part of its speaker series , including Joe Biden , John McCain , Madeleine Albright , Alicia Garza , Bernie Sanders and Elena Kagan .
The non-partisan institute also has hosted nearly 100 fellows as part of its resident and visiting fellows program , supported more 1,000 student internships around the world , and helped more than 500 students participate in student-led civic engagement projects .
'The Situation ' pleads not guilty in the latest tax fraud case
hello
FILE - In this Sept. 24 , 2014 , file photo , reporters gather around Michael `` The Situation '' Sorrentino as they leaf the MLK Jr. Federal Courthouse in Newark , N.J. , after a court appearance . Michael Sorrentino and their brother Marc Sorrentino are set to appear in court to face additional tax fraud charges are scheduled to be arraigned on Monday , April 17 , 2017 , in federal court in Newark . They previously pleaded not guilty to charges they filed bogus tax returns on nearly $ 9 million and claimed millions in personal expenses as business expenses . Associated Press
NEWARK , N.J. -- `` Jersey Shore '' star Michael `` The Situation '' Sorrentino and their brother pleaded not guilty Monday to additional tax fraud charges .
Michael and Marc Sorrentino entered their pleas during an arraignment in federal court in Newark .
The brothers previously pleaded not guilty to charges they filed bogus tax returns on nearly $ 9 million and claimed millions in personal expenses as business expenses .
Michael Sorrentino was indicted this month on charges including tax evasion , structuring bank deposits to avoid reporting requirements and falsifying records . Marc Sorrentino was charged with falsifying records to obstruct a grand jury investigation .
Michael Sorrentino appeared on all six seasons of the MTV reality show , which followed the lives of a group of young housemates and ran from 2009 to 2012 .
In 2012 , the London Declaration on neglected tropical diseases targeted 10 of the 17 diseases then prioritised by the World Health Organisation . The hope among the drugmakers , government agencies and aid groups that signed the declaration was that these diseases would be classed as “ under control ” by 2020 , with lymphatic filariasis , blinding trachoma , leprosy and sleeping sickness eliminated as public health problems and guinea worm disease eradicated .
But while the signatories pledged more than 5bn drug doses and nearly $ 18bn , finding the resources to develop new diagnostic tools and treatments has proved difficult . Some fear the goals will probably not be met .
Médecins Sans Frontières , the medical relief organisation , said last year “ significant gaps ” in the availability of drugs had resulted in “ preventable ” deaths in as many as 60 countries . “ The predominant model of the pharma industry does not incentivise them to pour resources into the development of new drugs for neglected diseases , so an adaptation of the model is required , ” says Julien Potet , a policy adviser on NTDs and vaccines at MSF in Paris .
The problems are manifold : commercial pressures on drugmakers continue to limit the amount of money they are prepared to devote to tackling tropical diseases . Campaigners say more could also be done to share resources , expertise and , crucially , intellectual property to spur the development of new treatments .
Where pharma companies have been reluctant to invest in the development of new treatments , public and philanthropic donors have stepped in to “ de-risk ” the often large upfront costs of developing and testing drugs . The Drugs for Neglected Diseases Initiative ( DNDI ) , which MSF helped to establish in 2003 to drive research and development in the sector , is one example .
Potet questions the $ 1bn average price tag the industry attaches to developing a new treatment . They say the DNDI has brought six new treatments to the market at a cost of about $ 200m , to treat Chagas disease and sleeping sickness among others . The DNDI plans to deliver as many as 18 new treatments by 2023 for €650m , they say , as it attempts to encourage companies to open up their intellectual property libraries so that secret drug molecule structures can be shared without being revealed to competitors .
Serge Sagodira , the DNDI 's director of business development , says developing treatments for neglected tropical diseases requires this collaboration in way that is not needed for other diseases . “ Working on parasites is not the same as working on oncology or diabetes , ” they say . “ When you start the discovery programme you do n't have the same chance of success , so you need to increase your efforts by tapping into pharma companies ' libraries . ”
Mapping the areas where a disease is prevalent and developing cheap , innovative diagnostic tools has been another challenge , says Larry Slutsker , who leads the malaria and neglected tropical diseases programmes at Path , a California-based non-profit organisation .
They predict “ some potential big successes in the next five to 10 years ” and “ game-changing ” breakthroughs that may be one or two years away to block the transmission of lymphatic filariasis , for example . By adding one more drug to the treatment , they say , “ it looks like you can dramatically shorten the time from transmission to interruption ” . Similarly , diagnosis work on sleeping sickness has seen progress thanks to funding from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and could be eliminated within five years , Slutsker says .
Prospects for other diseases are less positive . Onchocerciasis , or river blindness , will continue to afflict Africa , they say , while soil-transmitted helminthiases and schistosomiasis ( or snail fever ) will remain prevalent given that they are worsened by poor sanitation , which remains a problem both in the developing world and in poor communities in richer nations .
For all the difficulties , Jayasree Iyer , who heads the Access to Medicine Foundation in the Netherlands , says they have seen examples of positive engagement by pharma companies in recent years , such as AbbVie . Others , including Astellas Pharma , together with TI Pharma , Merck and the Swiss Tropical and Public Health Institute , have refined their treatments for diseases such as schistosomiasis . In 2014 , Bayer granted permission for the DNDI to use its active ingredient emodepside to develop an oral drug to treat onchocerciasis .
Generic drugmakers also have a role to play in making off-patent , high-quality treatments available to poor countries at more affordable prices . Sandoz , the generics arm of Switzerland 's Novartis , aims to get its treatments to 1bn people over the next few years , almost doubling its reach since 2016 . But , notes chief executive Richard Francis : “ [ Efforts have ] to be sustainable . We do n't go into a population with a treatment and then say we ca n't really afford this . I 'd rather not go in . ”
Planet Earth II to be shown on Holland America ships with a live orchestra
A love-struck sloth swims across the mangroves to find their mate , but they are not alone , he 's accompanied by three violins .
A flamingo corps de ballet strut in time with a piano while a drummer 's beat builds suspense as a giraffe kicks out to escape hungry lions and young iguanas dramatically flee a nest of snakes .
When a silent barn owl looms over a harvest mouse , tight-roping across tall grasses to find food for its young , keyboards and guitar deliver rhythmic tension and eventual calm when the tiny creature makes it home safely to its cute ball-shaped nest .
Where in the world are we ? In the Vista Theatre , on Holland America Line 's ms Zuiderdam , experiencing an immersive combination of Planet Earth II films and a 10-piece orchestra playing new , enthralling scores by composers Hans Zimmer , Jasha Klebe and Jacob Shea .
The music takes viewers through the highs and lows , drama and joy of the natural world , adding greater magic to the eye-to-eye footage of animals from a rainforest canopy in Madagascar to the suburbs of Delhi in India – a unique journey through the splendour of our earth .
The Planet Earth II shows with a live orchestra are played out twice during every cruise on ms Zuiderdam and the concept is being rolled out across more Holland America Line ships , including flagship ms Koningsdam , during 2018-2019 .
New EXC In-Depth Voyages
In parallel with the extraordinary Planet Earth II footage , Holland America Line 's passengers are being given an even greater opportunity to explore the world 's finest landscapes and watch for wildlife .
Eight new zodiacs have been added to ms Maasdam 's arsenal – the fleet 's smallest ship – also has eight new bespoke itineraries , taking passengers to exciting destinations where they can see wildlife at eye level .
The EXC In-Depth Voyages feature some of the most fascinating corners of the globe on 12 to 34-day itineraries using world-renowned experts , local guides and customised zodiac tours . Many destinations will be new to Holland America Line .
Each sailing offers guests a variety of themes and choices to tailor their exploration from photography and nature as well as history and architecture .
The first EXC In-Depth Voyage departs on September 10 , 2018 and 1,258-passenger ms Maasdam sets sail for Papeete and Tahiti via the Panama Canal . The ship calls into ports on the west coast of South America , sails across the Pacific Ocean to Easter Island and visits several South Pacific islands during the 34-day voyage .
In October and part of November , ms Maasdam cruises in the South Pacific before heading to New Zealand . In December , they sail along the southern coast of Australia , featuring a 16-day Christmas cruise departing December 21 .
January features cruising the northwest coast of Australia to Singapore and on January 26 , 2019 the ship embarks on a 20-day adventure in the culturally rich Indian Ocean region .
The ship explores the Spice Islands and ports along the northeastern coast of Australia In February 2019 , before sailing back to the South Pacific . The final EXC In-Depth cruise in the series is a 24-day Polynesian Crossing ending in San Francisco , California , on May 7 , 2019 .
Orlando Ashford , president of Holland America Line , said : “ We have created EXC In-Depth Voyages to further enhance our guests ' immersion experience in a more personalised way with a series of specially designed itineraries in exotic destinations .
“ The addition of zodiac tours will allow guests to be modern-day explorers , and Maasdam will visit many ports that we have never been to or have n't visited in years . ”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The popular Belbroughton Scarecrow Festival will not be held this year for the first time in its history .
The event has taken place every September since 1996 .
But organisers have announced it is `` taking a break '' this September , but will return in 2019 .
A host of reasons has been given - including a lack of money and support and also the bad weather last summer .
The world famous event started out as a small village fete where residents were asked to make their own scarecrows and display them outside their houses .
But over the years it has grown more popular and now the weekend attracts around 30,000 people from all over the country .
As well as the scarecrow displays , the weekend also has a fun fair and a central arena with displays and performances - including an air show - and also stalls .
It also raises money for chosen local and national charities .
The festival is run by the committee and operates as the Belbroughton community Interest Company
The cost of putting on the festival weekend is around £20,000 to put it on and organisers have to charge for entrance to the main arena and car parking to fund it .
On its Facebook page , the committee told how `` with regret '' the festival would not be held this year .
`` Whilst we understand this will be huge disappointment to our community , the hope is that we can come back with a festival in 2019 and have earmarked 21/22nd September 2019 as an option , '' the statement says .
`` However for this to happen we require more backing and support from the village to ensure that our community assets continue to benefit from this fantastic and long-standing event . ''
One of the organising committee is reported to have blamed a number of factors in 2017 for this year 's cancellation .
They said they had `` no money in the bank '' due to last year 's profits being decimated by a perfect storm of bad weather , parking difficulties and a lower than usual turn-out because the Velo cycle event , which went through the village , meant they had to switch to a different weekend .
The committee is next due to meet in October to make a final decision on the 2019 event , but has said it will be looking at `` scaling it back '' and making it less commercialised and more about scarecrows .
On Facebook , several regular festival-goers said the event had got too big for its boots .
One said : `` It started out as a little village doing something unique to raise a bit of money for charity .
`` Now because of how commercialised it 's become , it 's no longer viable to serve its original purpose . ''
Another regular wrote : `` Went when it first started and used to be able to park outside the butchers it was that small .
`` As soon as you started charging per car we stopped coming - it became too big . ''
WEST LAFAYETTE , Ind . ( AP ) — Center Isaac Haas had 24 points and 11 rebounds , and power forward Caleb Swanigan added 12 points and 17 rebounds , and No . 16 Purdue pulled away from Rutgers 74-55 on Tuesday night .
Purdue ( 21-5 , 10-3 Big Ten ) led only 45-39 with just over 12:30 remaining , but from the 11:15 mark until they left the game with 2:20 to play , Haas scored 16 points , and the Boilermakers pulled away for their fourth consecutive victory .
Nigel Johnson scored 23 points to lead Rutgers ( 13-14 , 2-12 ) , which had no answer for Purdue 's big men .
Purdue struggled with turnovers in the first half ( 8 ) and led 33-26 through 20 minutes when Johnson was 5 of 6 from the field , including 4 of 4 from 3-point range , for 14 points , but the Scarlet Knights missed a chance to pull closer when the rest of their roster was 5 of 22 from the field .
Haas had eight first-half points for Purdue , and Dakota Mathias and Carsen Edwards each added six . The Boilermakers outrebounded the Scarlet Knights 23-10 in the first half .
BIG PICTURE
Rutgers : While Johnson and Corey Sanders comprise an impressive backcourt , the Scarlet Knights lack the frontcourt strength to compete with a physical team such as Purdue , which got 36 points and 28 rebounds from Haas and Swanigan .
Purdue : The Boilermakers are 7-1 since a Jan. 12 loss at Iowa and continue to impress with a blend of interior and perimeter offense , plus great man-to-man defense when they need it .
UP NEXT
Rutgers : The Scarlet Knights travel to Northwestern on Saturday .
Purdue : The Boilermakers host Michigan State on Saturday .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this : Like Loading ...
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Knife-wielding burglars attacked and threatened three people during a raid at a Derby home .
A 41-year-old man was standing outside the front door of their home in Milton Street when they were assaulted by two men who repeatedly punched them in the head .
The men then entered the property where they attacked two other people and threatened them with a blade while demanding money .
However , the burglars left empty handed and fled in the direction of Crosby Street and then Stockbrook Street .
( Image : Google Maps )
Derbyshire police are appealing for information on the incident , which took place at 7.25pm on Thursday , February 1 .
One of the men was white , 5ft 7in tall , aged around 35 and stocky . They were wearing a blue jacket with a black cross-stitched pattern on the front . Their nose and mouth were covered by a white scarf with green stripes .
The second offender was black , 5ft 10in tall , aged around 30 with short black hair and skinny . They were wearing a black jacket .
A police spokesperson asked that anyone with information about the incident should call DC Daniel Handley-Farrell on 101 , quoting reference 180000 51803 .
Alternatively , you could send them a message online by visiting the Contact Us section of the Derbyshire police website www.derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us . You can also call Crimestoppers on 0800 555111 .
Cathy Bessant , the chief operations and technology officer at Bank of America and No.1 on American Banker 's list of most powerful women in banking , talks about the `` nobility '' of banking and how the business helps to change people 's lives .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : BP opts out of Iran deals ahead of Trump hard line on Tehran
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
By Johnbosco Agbakwuru
ABUJA – BORNO State Governor , Kashim Shetima , has said that the insurgency that has ravaged the state and other states in North East was largely over .
Governor Shetima who met behind closed-doors with the Chief of Staff to the President , Abba Kyari at the Presidential Villa , Abuja , on Tuesday said that when compared the present security situation in the state with the past , there was every need for celebrations .
Although , it was expected that the governor was at the State House to discuss the Monday protest staged by Police officers deployed to the state to curtail the insecurity in the area , they said the meeting was on the upcoming presidential visit as well as the Army Day celebration .
Recall that some Police Officers in Borno State had protested over the alleged non-payment of their allowances and non promotion by the Police authorities which affected vehicular movement and economic activities within the period the protest lasted .
But Governor Shetima told the State House correspondents in an interview that , “ The meeting was on the upcoming presidential visit as well as the Army Day celebration . ”
On the insecurity in the state , they said , “ Well , the ongoing insurgency problem is largely over , we might be having some hiccups but when you compare the past with the present , we have every cause to celebrate .
“ We have pockets of the insurgents in inlands around the Lake Chad and the Sambisa forest but when you juxtapose the sorry state of affairs three , four years ago and the current situation we are in , I think there is cause for celebration . There is no cause for alarm . ”
BUCKSPORT — The Verso paper mill closed in 2014 , but three years later , a new type of wood-based industry might be starting at the old mill site .
Last month , the Searsport-based business Maine Biomass Exports Inc. started stacking logs of hemlock on a former wood yard at the site . The business has a six-month contract to lease the land from AIM Development , which owns the property .
Once they arrive at the wood yard , the logs are debarked and trucked to Boston . The bark is used to make mulch , while the logs are shipped from Boston to manufacturers in China , according to Arthur House , the president of the business .
“ Right now we 're putting logs on trucks and sending them to Boston and sending them to China , ” they said .
House said they employ a dozen people at the site and has brought in $ 1.8 million worth of equipment to debark the logs and put them on trucks .
“ There 's half-a-million dollars worth of logs that was n't there three weeks ago , ” they said .
The business person said they plan to start sending logs to Boston by rail soon . The railroad would allow Maine Biomass to ship more logs faster than by truck .
“ With the rail we 'll have the ability to ship 25 to 50 containers a week , ” they said .
However , before they can start using the railroad , House said they have to complete some kind of upgrade to the rail area .
“ We 're exploring the cost associated with engaging the rail , ” said House , who would not give more specifics on what upgrades may be required .
Cynthia Scarano , the vice president of human resources at Pan Am Railways , which owns the railroad , said that Pan Am has offered to do a free test run for House .
With a test run , Scarano said , House could load up a railcar with logs and send it to a destination of theirs choice .
The run would be evaluated based on how much time the run took and the condition of the logs during the journey .
Based on the results of the run , Scarano said , the parties involved could determine if any upgrades to the rail are required .
As of Monday morning , Scarano said Pan Am was still waiting to hear back from House to see if they were interested in the test run .
If the railroad does need to be upgraded , it could prove a challenge for House , who has a history of setbacks with large business projects .
As reported last month by the Portland Press-Herald , House 's earlier plan to move tree products to the Maine coast was delayed two years by a train derailment and a fire in 2013 , which caused the owners of the railway to declare bankruptcy ,
Another setback came in 2015 , the Press-Herald reported , when the town of Prospect enacted a six-month moratorium on industrial development .
Because of the moratorium , House could no longer build a facility for heat-treating wood , which led to the loss of a multimillion-dollar contract .
Time will tell if House 's current venture proves successful .
“ I am hoping for the best , ” said Town Manager Susan Lessard . “ I will be interested to see how the operation will move forward and what decision AIM makes about continued operation . ”
RANCHO CUCAMONGA — Someday , if Jo Adell becomes a major league star , the journal might be a sought-after piece of baseball memorabilia .
Adell , the 10th player selected in the 2017 draft by the Angels out of Ballard High in Louisville , Ky. , is laying waste to the Cal League just as they did to the Arizona Rookie League , the Pioneer League and the Midwest League before this . They did go hitless Tuesday night at Rancho Cucamonga , ending an 11-game hitting streak , but the Inland Empire 66ers ' 19-year-old center fielder was hitting .314 in 37 games in the Cal League going into Wednesday 's games , with 10 homers , 24 RBIs , 11 doubles , two triples , a .936 OPS and seven stolen bases in eight attempts .
They have had 12 multi-hit games in the Cal League , and five three-hit games . And before arriving in San Bernardino , they played 24 games at Burlington ( Iowa ) of the Midwest League with six homers , 29 RBIs , seven doubles , a .300 average and a .979 OPS . Baseball America currently lists them as the Angel organization 's No . 2 prospect , and the only reason he 's not higher is that the magazine still lists Shohei Ohtani as a prospect .
There are , of course , Adell 's strikeouts : 45 in 159 at-bats with Inland Empire , 26 in 90 at-bats in Burlington . We 'll get to those .
The journal ? It is Adell 's method of keeping track of the pitchers they face and the way they approach him , and it 's indicative of a cerebral approach to hitting .
“ One of the best things I 've done , ” they said . “ Kind of ( keep track of ) what pitches I saw , where they were located . And before we face a guy that we 've seen before , I just go back and revisit that and kind of understand what they 're trying to do .
“ Most of my outs this year have been me getting myself out . The pitcher is trying to execute a pitch , he 's trying to throw something for a reason . So you need to understand why that is . ”
It could be a baseball time capsule . Who knows ? A decade from now , some of the pitchers he 's facing ( and chronicling ) now might be successful big leaguers themselves .
Adell 's baseline approach is to look for location , especially early in counts . When they first moved up to the Cal League , they said , pitchers were challenging them with fastballs , and when they started jumping on those they noticed they were seeing offspeed pitches early and fastballs later in the count .
“ For me , the big thing is do n't necessarily assume , ” they said . “ React .
“ A lot of times when they say the hitters get fooled , it has to do with the assumption , not the reaction part of the game . That 's what hitting is , reaction . We can sit ( on ) a pitch , we can think something 's coming , we can have everything the right way – and you get a curveball on a fastball count . You get thrown off , you know ? So that 's the big thing : clear-mind it , know what zone I 'm looking for , and be a reactionary hitter . And that 's what I 've done . ”
There were said to be questions about their ability to hit at the pro level going into the 2017 draft . The foot speed and athletic ability were there in a 6-foot-3 , 205-pound package , and they projected as a superior defensive outfielder , whether it be in center ( his preferred position ) or a corner spot .
And consider : They could have been drafted as a pitcher , which might be part of the reason the chess match between hitter and pitcher intrigues them so . They were primarily a pitcher through the end of their junior year at Ballard .
“ Good fastball , could get up in the mid-90s , upper-90s from time to time , slider , ” was Adell 's scouting report on himself .
Related Articles Shohei Ohtani returns to Angels lineup , but they still lose to Mariners
Angels give David Fletcher a try at leadoff spot
Angels activate Shohei Ohtani , the hitter
Billy Eppler ponders a key stretch for the Angels leading up to the trading deadline
Angels GM Billy Eppler says Shohei Ohtani ‘ looked good ' in 2 simulated games over the weekend “ But I always loved to hit , ” they added . “ Every team I played for , it would be , ‘ We want them to pitch on Sunday but we 'll let them hit through the week . ' ”
Sound familiar , Angels fans ? In this case , Adell enjoyed pitching but loved hitting and was willing to give up one to concentrate on the other . Years from now , if the Ohtani experiment is ultimately deemed a success , young players might not have to make that choice .
In the meantime , Adell traded a position that treasures strikeouts for one in which they are worrisome . But while the minor league analysts wonder if those strikeout totals portend difficulty when Adell gets to higher levels , they see them as the cost of doing business .
“ I say this before a game : Even if I get fooled on a pitch or I swing at a pitch that 's out of the zone , I 'm not going to sacrifice a good swing just to hit the ball , ” they said . “ I could go into a game and just try to make contact , right ? But when I get in the box I 'm trying to do damage , and you 're going to get some swings and misses .
“ I 've watched big league games this year where guys have gotten down in the count quickly and hit home runs , and it 's because they trusted their swing … I 'm going to put up my best swing every single time . And if things do n't fall my way , if I strike out , then it 's part of the game . ”
I believe that approach is known as “ high risk , high reward. ” It has worked for Adell to this point , and it likely will earn them a promotion to Double-A before this season ends .
jalexander @ scng.com
@ Jim_Alexander on Twitter
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information , people and ideas , Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information , news and insight around the world .
An Italian man , who reportedly ran unsuccessfully as an anti-immigrant candidate in a local election last year , wounded several foreigners in the central city of Macerata during a drive-by shooting on Saturday , according to police .
The suspect was identified as 28-year-old Luca Traini , according to multiple Italian media reports , citing police .
Sky TG24 reports the rampage lasted for at least an hour as the suspect began firing shots from their car before noon targeting people of color throughout the city and wounding six people all from Africa .
The mayor said the victims were five men and one woman and at least one person was in serious condition .
The shootings sparked widespread fear as police warned people to stay indoors and the mayor issued a curfew .
It only came to an end once the black Alfa Romeo was blocked , at which point the driver got out donning the Italian flag , made a fascist salute and submitted themselves to police without resisting arrest , reports the Ansa news agency .
Police say Traini had no previous arrest record .
Italian media report Traini made a failed bid last year in administrative elections in the nearby city of Corridonia with the anti-immigrant Northern League party .
The ruling center-left Democratic Party said Traini also fired shots at one of their offices in Macerata on Saturday , reports Reuters .
Matteo Salvini , who heads the Northern League party , tweeted on Saturday , `` Violence is never the solution , violence is always to be condemned . And whoever is wrong , must pay . '' They went on to say , `` Immigration out of control leads to chaos , anger , social conflict . Immigration out of control leads to drug dealing , theft , robbery and violence . ''
The drive-by shooting comes during a tense time in Macerata after a Nigerian asylum seeker was accused in the murder of an 18-year-old woman whose dismembered body was found on Wednesday .
Northern League leader Salvini said the center-left government was responsible for their death for letting migrants stay in the country , reports Reuters . They posted to Facebook earlier this week of the Nigerian suspect , `` What was this worm still doing in Italy ? ''
Christopher Livesay has reported for NPR that a recent surge in migrants to Italy has fueled right-wing anger over jobs and other benefits .
US pharmacy chains slide on report of Amazon eyeing prescription-drug push
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $ 1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $ 36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week
Other Subscription options :
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Lawyer Alofa Seruvatu ( left ) with Mathew Gunua and their partner Merviestinnar Irabu after Gunua was accquitted of all charges by the assesors on arson charges with Binesh Prasad at Narere in 2015 which claimed the lives of 5 people . Picture : RAMA
THERE could not have been a better Valentine 's Day gift for Papua New Guinea national Mathew Gunua then being acquitted by the High Court in Suva of five murder charges yesterday .
Mr Gunua , 22 , walked out of court smiling after also being acquitted of one count of attempted murder , one count of damaging property and one count of arson .
They had been charged in relation to the death of five people in a house fire at Navosai in Narere on October 15 , 2015 .
The three assessors and High Court Judge Justice Salesi Temo found them not guilty of all charges after a trial .
An excited yet emotional Mr Gunua was congratulated by family members and their lawyer Alofa Seruvatu outside the courtroom yesterday .
Mr Gunua said this year 's Valentine 's Day deserved a celebration .
`` It 's a relief for me because I 'm innocent . I told the truth to the judge . I am happy that they made this decision and so the assessors , '' they said .
`` It was a terrible feeling for people to be staring and looking at me thinking that I actually committed those crimes . I told my side of the story and here I am , a free man . I believe I will celebrate Valentine 's Day as well as expected . To be honest it is a big relief . Words can not explain how I am feeling right now . `` `` Last year 's Valentine 's Day was the worst . This year is very different , '' Ms Irabu told this newspaper .
In their judgment , Justice Temo said the three assessors had not unanimously accepted the prosecution 's version of events .
`` The evidence presented by prosecution was not clear-cut on whether or not Mr Gunua had the intention to kill the five people who died in the fire . In the evidence , I could not find that they were reckless when assessing what they did on the said date . They trusted Binesh Prasad . They put their faith in them and had no intention to kill anyone of them . In a sense , they were stupid in associating themselves with Binesh Prasad on the said date . ''
Prasad will be sentenced today after pleading guilty to the charges .
Their partner , Merviestinnar Irabu , shed tears outside the courtroom yesterday after their partner was freed .
To pitch their payments system of the future , U.S. banks hired an actor best known for playing Thomas Jefferson and Marquis de Lafayette — and they rap .
Zelle , the person-to-person payments network that went live last year , will make its Super Bowl debut this week as part of a national marketing campaign . The spot is one way Zelle 's backers — such as JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America — hope to woo millennials , who latched on early to alternatives , such as PayPal 's popular Venmo app .
Spokesmen for the still nascent campaign include Daveed Diggs , who won a Tony award for their work in the smash Broadway musical `` Hamilton '' that infused rap , hip-hop and other genres into its score . Banks also are leaning on their relationships with older generations , who sometimes pick up millennials ' bills .
So how is stodgy finance doing so far ?
Banks processed $ 75 billion of person-to-person transactions via Zelle in 2017 , according to a statement this week from Early Warning , the bank-owned venture that operates the network . That tops the $ 34.6 billion sent over Venmo . Still , when you also include person-to-person payments made over PayPal 's namesake network as well as those made on its cross-border platform Xoom , PayPal has the edge .
For PayPal , `` this is not a threat this year at all , but it 's definitely a long-term risk , '' said Thomas McCrohan , an analyst at Mizuho Financial Group . Zelle is spreading by helping traditional banking customers send money to other groups , they said . `` It does create a viral effect . If you 're going to send your daughters funds , they have to open their bank app to look at the funds to make sure they got it . ''
Millennials embraced a new generation of person-to-person payments systems to split dinner checks or pay rent . But banks see handling those payments as key to controlling vast reams of customer data . The Zelle network now includes more than 60 banks , which encompass about 50 percent of U.S. deposit accounts , Early Warning said in the statement .
Bloomberg News
Private lawyers seeking to represent Joaquin `` El Chapo '' Guzman in their U.S. drug-trafficking case failed to get assurances Monday that they 'll get paid , leaving the Mexican drug lord 's defense in limbo .
During a hearing in federal court in Brooklyn , U.S. District Judge Brian Cogan told the lawyers that if they took the case , there was no guarantee that prosecutors would n't later seize their fees if they could show that the money came from their estimated $ 14 billion in drug profits .
`` I 'm not going to pressure the government to create a carve-out for counsel fees , '' Cogan said .
Guzman smiled and waved at family members as they were led into the courtroom , but they did n't speak during the brief appearance .
Afterward , the lawyers told reporters that they still hope to find a way to represent Guzman . They said they were waiting for them to consult with their sister on Thursday — the first jail visit he 's had by family member since they were brought to the U.S. from Mexico in January .
`` We are looking forward , desperately , to come into this case and fight for Joaquin Guzman . ... The guy has a constitutional right to the best counsel they can get , '' said one of the lawyers , Jeffrey Lichtman .
Prosecutors have argued that taxpayers should n't have to pay for their defense . But they also said in a letter to the court last week that the government will not `` grant a blanket prospective assurance '' that it wo n't go after money spent on a private defense .
Michelle Gelernt , a public defender currently representing Guzman , called that position `` hypocritical . ''
Lichtman is known for successfully defended John `` Junior '' Gotti , son of the notorious organized crime family boss , at a 2005 trial . The younger Gotti walked free after an acquittal on a securities fraud count and a mistrial on more serious racketeering counts .
The lawyer said they have met with Guzman on a weekly basis , hoping to defend them at a trial in April .
`` He is charming , funny , highly intelligent . I enjoyed getting to know him . ... I do n't judge someone by what I read in the papers , '' Lichtman told The Associated Press last week .
Guzman has pleaded not guilty to charges that their drug trafficking operation , the Sinaloa cartel , laundered billions of dollars and oversaw a ruthless campaign of murders and kidnappings .
The defense has claimed that he 's being held in inhumane and overly restrictive conditions at a high-security jail in Manhattan known for housing alleged mobsters and terrorists .
The government has argued that their strict jail conditions are appropriate for someone who escaped from prison twice in Mexico , including once through a tunnel dug to the shower in their cell . Prosecutors said that even while they were behind bars in Mexico , Guzman used coded messages , bribes and other means to control their Sinaloa cartel and orchestrate their breakouts .
A Milwaukee rabbi has brought new life into an organization called the Sherman Park Citizen Patrol in an effort to keep their neighborhood safe .
Each volunteer patrols an area for 90 minutes with a ride-along in a marked car with flashing lights . They work with Milwaukee Police , writing down anything suspicious .
All of them volunteer their time for one simple reason .
`` This is our neighborhood and we need to take it back , '' said Rabbi Hersh Hiller of the Sherman Park Citizen Patrol .
The SPCP is also working with city leaders to put speed bumps in a portion of 51st and 54th Streets by September . They want to curtail people from speeding and running stop signs where children play .
They also helped install surveillance cameras in area alleys .
Click here for more information about the Sherman Park Citizen Patrol .
Occasional announcements sent by Streaming Media , or on behalf of our advertising partners , on what we feel are important offers , developments , publications , and events in the streaming/online video industry .
Read all about it - You ca n't afford to be without this twice-weekly newsletter - sign up today to get your breaking streaming and digital media news !
The Dystopian Era of Streaming Video : How to Survive and Thrive
Yesterday 's sci-fi visions of the future are here , so now the real work begins . Video providers need to outsmart the big names or they 'll find themselves hunting for scraps .
Page 1
When I started in the industry in the 1990s I dreamed of a future where video was everywhere and completely accessible , unleashed by the power of the internet . It would be a utopia . We 'd be unchained from the dayparting broadcast schedule that drew lines between ages and taste in the living room . We 'd have a world of choice at our fingertips that we could decide when and where to consume . That 's the scary ending to the sci-fi novel we 're now living in—it 's come true . That 's why this year 's Sourcebook theme hints at “ Videogeddon ” and survival .
For many companies in our industry , right now is a defining moment . No longer are the childish dreams of great ideas worth more than a real business . No longer is it OK to just give away product to big-name companies in the hopes of being acquired . 2018 is most certainly where the rubber is meeting the road . While the glamour of being an online video startup is being shelved like Sourcebooks of our industry 's youth , fiscal responsibility is becoming scripture . Do n't get me wrong ; there 's lots of room for success , innovation , and new business models , but for those looking for an industry in which to become an overnight sensation , that moment has been flicked upward like a post on your social media feed—it 's been done .
Without further innovation and stronger business strategies , we run the risk of letting only the biggest companies—Facebook , Amazon , Netf lix , Google , and Apple—thrive , leaving everyone else scrounging through the detritus for scraps in the post-Videogeddon landscape . That 's scary , but it 's also thrilling .
I feel like those of us in the industry can really roll up our sleeves now . It 's time to set aside Silicon Valley fantasies of ping-pong tables , bean bag chairs , and IPOs and to focus on something old-fashioned but never outdated : treating your business like a business . Scrutinize what appears to be free ; everything has a price . Improve on what you have rather than rebuilding it over and over . Be responsible , video industry citizens , and you wo n't end up giving everything up to an Orwellian future where we no longer get a say . Remember that this industry has its origins in freeing video from the limitations of traditional media ; let 's not just hand it back over again .
So where 's the game this year ? It wo n't take many pages in this Sourcebook to understand . First of all , look at the gear . There are so many face-melting tools that put so much power in a video creators ' hand , it 's hard to know where to start . What about OTT ? Well , the door has been opened with APIs , so there 's no turning back now . But that 's OK. Look to companies that can figure out how to organize video for consumers : Artificial intelligence ( AI ) is this year 's buzz phrase , and with good reason . It 's a huge opportunity that will open new horizons , but it 's no panacea . Do yourself a favor : Buy the T-shirt , but be careful about the Kool-Aid you decide to taste . And what about corporate video ? The major webinar companies are finally ditching Flash ( knock on wood , amiright ? ) and enterprise video platforms are tearing down silos .
And then there 's encoding . Yes , video is going to look better and be delivered faster than ever before , but that 's a race with no finish line , and it 's not going to make the biggest news this year . Want to know what is ? It 's who survives in this industry as a successful business . And if you read this Sourcebook , my guess is , you 'll be one of them . It 's the right tool for the job .
[ This article appears in the 2018 Streaming Media Industry Sourcebook as `` The Dystopian Era of Video . '' ]
Page 1
Las Vegas police have asked the public for assistance in searching for a juvenile that went missing on May 18 , 2018 .
Molly Reyes , 15 , was last seen in the area of West Oakey Boulevard and South Torrey Pines Drive at approximately 6:00 p.m. , police said .
According to police , Reyes was last seen wearing a white shirt and pink pants .
Anyone with any information about Reyes 's whereabouts are urged to call the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department Missing Person Detail at 702-828-2907 .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
An intoxicated woman hurled racial abuse at police officers in Walsall - before spitting at them as they were arrested .
The incident took place along Bridge Street in the town centre , with officers subsequently arresting the woman for being drunk and disorderly on Monday evening ( July 2 ) .
The St Matthew 's police team said : “ Officers on Team 1 have attended Bridge Street tonight to reports of a drunken female [ and ] while dealing with this female , officers have been racially abused and spat at .
“ Female has been dealt with and arrested . # ProtectTheProtectors # saferwalsall . ”
( Image : Google )
Elsewhere this week , town centre police officers tracked down a man for robbery offences while also seizing alcohol from people drinking in Caldmore Green .
The St Matthews team tweeted : “ Team 1 patrolling Caldmore Green responding to concerns from local residents of ASB and street drinking .
“ A number of locals spoken to and alcohol seized . Listening to residents concerns . ”
( Image : @ StMatthewsWMP )
The police team also patrolled the Little London high-rise flats in Caldmore following reports from residents concerning anti-social behaviour in the stairwells .
You can follow the St Matthew 's police team on Twitter : @ StMatthewsWMP .
For more news dedicated to Walsall , like and follow our Walsall Advertiser Facebook page .
CLEVELAND , OH -- ( Marketwired - Apr 18 , 2017 ) -
WHO :
Shaker , the market leader in engaging , realistic job previews and custom simulations for pre-employment testing
WHAT :
Will spotlight its Virtual Job Tryout® ( VJT ) solutions during the DirectEmployers 2017 Annual Meeting and Conference .
WHEN :
The conference will take place Tuesday , May 9 - Thursday , May 11 , 2017 .
WHERE :
Crowne Plaza at Union Station
123 W. Louisiana St .
Indianapolis , Ind .
DETAILS :
While applying and interviewing for jobs , candidates dig around for information about potential employers , learning about an organization 's products and services , reading employee testimonials and looking for insights into company values and culture . At the same time , employers keep an eye out for certain types of skills , professional experience and personality traits . During the DirectEmployers 2017 Annual Meeting and Conference ( DEAM ) , themed `` The Year of the Candidate , '' the team from Shaker will highlight its Virtual Job Tryout® ( VJT ) technology , which uses HireScience™ to help recruiters better identify best-fit candidates . Using simulation design that gives candidates a realistic preview of the job , the organization and its culture , VJT technology works to enhance the candidate experience , save recruiters time and ultimately decrease new-hire turnover . By gathering objective and standardized data about candidate capabilities through a multimethod evaluation , VJT equips recruiters with the ability to identify individuals who are apt to be successful and engaged employees .
HR professionals , recruiters and hiring managers interested in learning how VJT combines selection science , predictive modeling and human judgment to improve quality of hire are encouraged to visit Shaker in the demo hall . For more information about DEAM 2017 , visit http : //deam17.directemployers.org .
ABOUT SHAKER
Shaker 's Virtual Job Tryout® ( VJT ) technology uses HireScience™ , enabling recruiters to combine the best of predictive analytics and human judgment . Recruiters identify best-fit candidates with more precision , increase new-hire retention , and improve quality of hire . VJT technology delivers pre-employment assessments as day-in-the-life experiences that educate and engage while obtaining a work sample that predicts job fit and competencies critical for success . VJT technology is available in Standard and Enterprise ( custom ) configurations . It has been deployed in most industries for entry-level to mid-management positions . More information can be found at shakercg.com .
Chelan County
Michael Paul Rapparlie , 26 , and Charlotte Melanie Leontine Gautier , 23 , both of Wenatchee
Bonnie Regina Luketz , 47 , and Gary Lancaster Williams , 60 , both of Seattle
RALEIGH , N.C. ( WNCT ) – On Tuesday , Governor Roy Cooper attempted to fulfill their campaign promise to repeal House Bill 2 with what they called a compromise .
Democrats filed a bill in the House Tuesday that called for a repeal of HB2 , but sought some compromise with Republican leaders . Under the proposal , the penalty for crimes committed in places like bathrooms and locker rooms would increase .
The proposal would also require local governments to give the General Assembly 30 days notice before passing any non-discrimination ordinance . In return , Republicans would agree to repeal HB2 .
“ I know North Carolinians are tired of hearing about this , ” said Gov . Cooper .
The pressure is mounting for the state to decide how to move forward , after the NCAA threatened to remove championship events from North Carolina for the next six years if HB2 remains .
“ House Bill 2 has not recruited a single sporting event to North Carolina . House bill 2 has not recruited a single job to North Carolina . House Bill 2 has not made a single North Carolinian safer , ” said Rep. Darren Jackson ( D-Wake ) , who filed the bill .
Other Democratic leaders called the bill a “ common sense compromise ” , but GOP leaders disagreed .
Senate Pro Tempore Phil Berger said they thought the “ compromise ” fell flat .
“ I do n't see this as a compromise , ” they said . “ I do n't see this as anything different then what he ( Cooper ) has been saying all along . ”
House Rules Chair Rep. David Lewis ( R ) said if a repeal were going to happen , it would need to be soon .
“ if there 's going to be any action taken that the time frame is probably pretty close at hand , ” they said .
Equality NC Executive Director Chris Sgro was unhappy with the proposal set forth by democrats because they said all that should happen is a complete repeal of HB2 .
“ No member of the LGBT community is a risk to public safety in a public restroom or anywhere else , ” Sgro said . “ That conversation is frankly a distraction from the real issue at hand . ”
Lt . Governor Dan Forest released a statement in opposition of the compromise , saying :
“ If Governor Cooper 's proposed bill for repealing HB2 becomes law , it will create a state-sanctioned ‘ Look But Do n't Touch ' policy in our bathrooms . Heterosexual men will be able to access women 's showers and bathrooms by simply posing as a transgender individual . They will be able to watch women and children shower , or shower next to them . As long as the man does n't touch them , assault them or film them , no legal protection would be afforded the offended woman or child . Nothing . As a husband and father of four , the concept of ‘ Look But Do n't Touch ' as a meaningful response to HB2 is a sad commentary on how far the progressive movement and the elected officials beholden to it , will risk the safety of our people to achieve a radical social policy agenda . ”
On Tuesday , a three judge panel also ruled that Senate confirmation hearings for Cooper 's appointments could continue . Cooper had been fighting the new law , saying no other governor in the state has had to get Senate approval .
Cute , inexpensive , and comfortable , throw pillows are an easy way to add some functional Christmas decor to your couch or bed . Whether you plan on having lots of friends and family over during the holiday season , or you plan on getting in some serious TV time , throw pillows are comfortable to lay on , especially if you have a Christmas blanket to snuggle up with as well . Plus , Christmas throw pillows are really fun and festive , and can add a bright spot to an otherwise simple couch .
Whether you love a cheery red , a classic plaid , or a Christmas quote , there are plenty of throw pillow patterns to choose from . Many throw pillows also come in sets , so it 's easy to decorate your whole sofa . If you want to create your own set-up , try layering different sizes and patterns for a chic Christmas look .
Keep in mind , the pillows on this list are actually pillow covers . Throw pillow covers work well as you do n't have to purchase a brand-new pillow and can simply cover your existing throw pillows . If you want a separate throw pillow , you can find some nice throw pillow inserts here .
Read on for our breakdown of the best Christmas throw pillows , listed in no particular order .
1 . Sykting Embroidery Christmas Pillow Cases ( Set of 4 )
This set of four throw pillow covers is perfect for someone who decorates with a lot of red and likes bold prints . Each of the pillows features a different white embroidered design : a reindeer , snowflakes , zoomed in snowflakes , and Santa in their sleigh . The covers are designed to fit pillows 18 inches by 18 inches , although they may vary a little depending on the fullness/flatness of your pillow inserts . It 's really easy to put the throw pillow cover on as there is an invisible zipper , and it also makes for easy cleaning .
Price : $ 29.99 ( 65 percent off MSRP )
2 . HOSL Merry Christmas Series Throw Pillow Covers
If you have a lot of space to cover on your couch , or just want to spread things out , this throw pillow set comes with six covers . Each of the covers has a different print but it 's all a part of the same color scheme , so it 's easy to mix and match . The covers best fit pillows that are 18 inches by 18 inches , and they are attached with an invisible zipper . And because there are so many covers in one set , you can use them on other furniture pieces like your bed or chair , or you could swap them out while the other covers are in the wash . The pillow patterns have a cartoon-style design that is cute , fun , and will be loved by kids and adults alike . Plus , the entire set is less than $ 20 , so it 's an inexpensive way to add some Christmas decor to your home .
Price : $ 15.99
3 . Fjfz Christmas Deer Red Plaid Pillow Cover
If you 're a fan of red plaid themed Christmas decor , this is a great choice for a throw pillow cover . The background is a neutral off-white , but the cut-out is the shape of a reindeer and has red plaid on the inside . If you do n't love reindeer , you can also choose the Christmas tree cut-out , or the plaid bear . It 's a good way to incorporate some Christmas decor into your living space if you have a more subtle decorating approach . The pillow cover is 18 inches by 18 inches , and it has a full zipper closure . Only one cover is included , but it 's less than $ 10 so you can easily buy multiple if you need to cover extra pillows .
Price : $ 8.99 ( 36 percent off MSRP )
4 . VIASA Christmas Rectangle Pillow Cover
This Christmas throw pillow cover is perfect for covering rectangle and lumbar pillows , as it 's 30 centimeters by 50 centimeters . The cover is available in a variety of Christmas prints ranging from classic red with white text to puppies wearing Santa hats , so it 's easy to match your existing Christmas decor . It 's also easy to slip the cover over your pillow as it has an invisible zipper , which also makes it simple to remove and throw in the wash . The best part about this cover is that it 's super cheap ( less than $ 5 ) , so it 's a really inexpensive way to decorate your couch or bed .
Price : $ 2.55
5 . Elife Snowflake Theme Christmas Throw Pillow Covers
These pretty pillows have snowflake appliques sewn onto the front , so they 're great for living spaces that have a more classic Christmas look . The cover fits pillows 18 inches by 18 inches , and there are five colors to choose from . If you want a more subdued look , choose the white , sky blue , or gray color . A black pillow is available if you want something more modern , or you can choose red if you want a classic Christmas pillow . The cover is made with durable cotton linen , and features a hidden zipper closure .
Price : $ 8.99
6 . 4TH Emotion Christmas Tree and Car Throw Pillow Cover
This pillow has a vintage , cartoony vibe that would look really cute on any sofa . Made with a cotton linen blend , the cover will fit any pillow insert that is 18 inches by 18 inches . The background is off-white , and the print is of a red car with a big Christmas tree strapped to the top . There is a zipper that makes it easy to enclose the pillow , and the cover is machine washable . Because of the coloring and design of this pillow , it would go great with rustic and burlap themed Christmas decor .
Price : $ 9.69
7 . LINKWELL Shabby Chic Merry Christmas Pillow Cover
This pillow also has a rustic , shabby chic vibe , as it 's made with burlap . The print has dark red and green colors , and you can choose between two classic Christmas song quotes : “ Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas , ” or “ It 's The Most Wonderful Time of The Year. ” The square cover is perfect for 18 inches by 18 inch pillows , and it has a zipper closure . This pillow cover would make a great gift for someone who loves Christmas songs , or just has vintage design style .
Price : $ 12.99 ( 48 percent off MSRP )
8 . Hippih Christmas Decorative Throw Pillow Covers ( Set of 4 )
This set of four throw pillow covers has a whimsical feel as the colors are primarily teal and red , and the designs are cartoony . The designs include a Christmas tree , a reindeer , a Santa Claus , and one that includes a mixture of flowers , birds , snowflakes , and reindeers . The variety makes it easy to layer the pillows together on one couch , or you can spread them out across multiple pieces of furniture . The covers are designed to fit pillows that are 18 inches by 18 inches , and there is an invisible zipper enclosure .
Price : $ 14.99 ( 50 percent off MSRP )
9 . UOOPOO Chalkboard Christmas Pillow Cover
If you have a larger throw pillow that you 're trying to cover , this pillow cover is designed to fit pillows up to 20 inches by 20 inches . The pillow is gray and white so it will match almost any decor , and is gray on the front with white writing and plain white on the back . The front says “ I 'm dreaming of a white Christmas , ” and is written in a chalkboard style text with a decorative border . There is a zippered opening on one side of the pillowcase , which makes it easy to remove and insert the pillow insert . While it 's designed for pillows that are 20 inches by 20 inches , but it may also fit overstuffed pillows that are 18 inches by 18 inches .
Price : $ 6.79
10 . Home Brilliant Striped Corduroy Red Throw Pillow Cover
If you 're not a fan of prints but still want to add a Christmas look to your sofa , this cheery red throw pillow cover is a good choice . The cover is super soft to the touch as it 's made with velvet corduroy , so it 's really comfy to lay on . The zipper matches the color of the pillow so it 's well hidden , and the pillow insert is easy to insert and remove . It 's really simple to cover your existing pillows , as there are four sizes to choose from : 12 inches by 20 inches , 18 inches by 18 inches , 24 inches by 24 inches , and 26 inches by 26 inches .
Price : $ 7.09 and up , depending on size
Heavy , Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program , an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon . Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors . We have no relationship with manufacturers .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
DOWNEY ( CBSLA ) — A heartbroken Army veteran received good news Tuesday when they learned that their service dog , who had been stolen Saturday night in Downey , was found safe in Anaheim .
“ Marcee is home ! ! ! ! ! ! ” veteran Apolonio E. Munoz III wrote on their Facebook page Tuesday afternoon . “ I got a call not too long ago from Downey PD that they were found by someone in Anaheim , that they were seen in a local park . They asked me to come by the station and see if this was Marcee ; I get there and they were excited to see me . She 's now home safe in their bed , wo n't leave my side and the roommate 's dog is snuggled up with them giving them lots of attention and kisses . ”
On Sunday , the 34-year-old Iraq war veteran explained in a Facebook post that while at an Arco gas station in the 10800 block of Lakewood Boulevard , their red Honda Civic was stolen Saturday night and Marcee — their 10-year-old pit bull mix — was inside .
Munoz went on to explain that Marcee was in training to be a service dog in order to help them cope with post-traumatic stress disorder .
“ Thank you to everyone that helped bring them home , both Marcee and I are truly grateful to everyone for their help and support during this difficult time , ” Munoz wrote . “ Now that she 's home , life can start to normalize and hopefully soon my car will also be found . ”
While Munoz is relieved Marcee has been returned to them safely , their car — a red 2012 Honda Civic with California plate 7DAE374 — is still missing .
Anyone with information in the case was urged to contact Downey police at ( 562 ) 861-0771 .
( © Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved . City News Service contributed to this report. ) ted . Wire services contributed to this report . )
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 100 Why install solar on your home ? `` It 's the responsible thing to do . '' Pause 106 A wolf near Boise ? Foothills homeowners describe sighting 62 18 months after Idaho 's Pioneer Fire , less than 10 percent of forest being salvage logged 147 'Super ' fish ? Salmon may surprise you . But they 're in peril , and need our help . 175 These are the voices speaking for wild salmon , Northwest dams & nearby communities 88 Free the Snake flotilla seeks to save wild salmon 89 Heres how the Eagle Fish Hatchery handles Idaho 's famous salmon 27 Watch the sun disappear into smoke over Boise in this time-lapse video 146 'We 've been managing salmon wrong for about 125 years ' 150 Northwest fish hatcheries : ' A very valuable use of the public trust ' Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Lisa Hecht placed solar panels on the roof of their East Boise home after costs dropped significantly in just a two-year period . They now generates power that can be banked on Idaho Power 's grid . They recently addressed the Idaho Public Utilities Commission about Idaho Power 's proposal to put people like them in a separate rate class . Darin Oswald doswald @ idahostatesman.com
Lisa Hecht placed solar panels on the roof of their East Boise home after costs dropped significantly in just a two-year period . They now generates power that can be banked on Idaho Power 's grid . They recently addressed the Idaho Public Utilities Commission about Idaho Power 's proposal to put people like them in a separate rate class . Darin Oswald doswald @ idahostatesman.com
Image caption Nine million people have visited Westgate Oxford since it opened in October
The performance of a new £440m shopping centre has been defended after claims it is not meeting expectations .
Nine million people have visited Westgate Oxford since it opened on 24 October , according to general manager Brendan Hattam .
They said it meant they were `` 10-15 % ahead '' of their forecasts prior to its launch six months ago .
But Keith Slater , director of retail consultancy firm Caprese , said the figures were `` a little disappointing '' .
`` It has opened at a time when retail sales are quite depressed and it 's not pulling in people quite as everyone would have hoped for , '' they said .
They added : `` I would have hoped by now that there were more shops open ... and I would like to see more people round here than I 'm seeing at the moment . ''
Mr Hattam said Oxford was doing better than other cities and it was `` mainly due to the development of the Westgate centre '' .
`` We are ahead ... of where we thought we would be '' , they added .
Image caption The 800,000 sq ft ( 74,300 sq m ) mall replaced a 1970s shopping centre demolished in 2016
Several units at the shopping centre remain unfilled six months after the launch .
Westgate Oxford said 94 % of it was currently let or in the process of being let .
John Lewis , which occupies the largest spot in the 800,000 sq ft ( 74,300 sq m ) mall , said the number of visitors had been `` higher than anticipated '' and said it expected more in the summer as tourists visited the city .
The development of Westgate Oxford was a joint venture between Landsec , the UK 's largest listed commercial property company , and The Crown Estate .
It replaced a 1970s shopping centre which was demolished in 2016 .
NCW — The Affordable Care Act has been in the news a lot recently . These are some of the top stories from the past week :
CNN hosted a debate between Bernie Sanders and Ted Cruz on repealing the ACA . CNN put out its own “ Everything you need to know about the debate in 90 seconds ” video . And here 's CNN 's fact-check from the entire debate .
A poll , reported here by Fortune Magazine , found that roughly…
Beauty sleep is a must , but when life gets in the way we have to fake things ! We learned a mistake-proof makeup trick that will instantly make you look wide awake in just 2 seconds from one of the most in-demand celebrity makeup artists . Find out more in this short video .
Located south of Sicily , Malta is a turquoise paradise brimming with culture , history and plenty of activities that do n't harm the planet – here is our top 7 for the perfect eco friendly week away .
Take time to see Mdina – The silent city . Have lunch at Vinum for plenty of vegetarian and gluten free dishes , or , if your feeling fancy pop into Bacchus restaurant to cool off with a drink in the very peaceful secret garden . Experience the bustling Sunday market at Marsaxlokk for locally handmade treasures . Whilst you 're there , do n't miss the colourful boats bobbing in the harbour . Visit the blue lagoon by sail boat – the perfect solution to avoiding the crowds on land by staying on the water . Get some friends together to spread the cost . You wo n't regret this unique experience . Explore Valletta , the historical capital of Malta . Do n't forget to grab lunch at The Grassy Hopper to try the delicious homemade vegan cheese and gluten free bread buns . Shop at Core Green in Buggiba for fair-trade , organic and vegan products . Hike the secluded trails around Ghajn Tuffieha Bay . Most of the tourists will be sun bathing on the beach so take some time on your own to go explore the winding paths , jagged rock formations and hidden swimming spots . Good walking shoes recommended ! Relax on the orange sand and watch the sunset at Golden Bay .
Malta is one of those places that has so many hidden little spots – it 'd be hard not to return ! So , are you ready to pack you bags and visit this beautiful little part of the globe ? We 'll see you there !
Beyonce has sent fans into overdrive amid rampant speculation suggesting they have gone into labour .
The superstar announced they were expecting twins with husband Jay-Z , real name Shawn Carter , in a post on Instagram in February , but they kept details surrounding their due date a secret .
Rumours began swirling on Tuesday alleging the Formation hitmaker has checked into the University of California , Los Angeles ( UCLA ) Medical Center , with a source telling The Shade Room officials had started to clear out a whole floor of the hospital so the singer and their family could have some privacy .
Members of the paparazzi also spotted a fleet of SUVs ( Sports Utility Vehicles ) leaving the couple 's Los Angeles mansion , reportedly heading straight to the hospital , while their hair stylist Chuck Amos shared what appeared to be a telling post on Instagram on Tuesday .
“ Hang in there , Mama ! ” they captioned a photo of the two , alongside a yellow heart emoji to express their love for Beyonce , who is already mom to five-year-old daughter Blue Ivy .
Representatives for the parents-to-be have yet to comment on the rumours , but if Beyonce has given birth , it 's good timing for Jay-Z , as they are due to become the first rapper inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame during a ceremony in their native New York on Thursday .
The singer indicated they were nearing their due date last month when their mother Tina Knowles-Lawson hosted a lavish bash in honour of the expectant mom . The celebration , held at a private residence in Beverly Hills , California on 20 May , was dubbed the “ Carter Push Party ” .
Guests included pregnant tennis ace Serena Williams , and Beyonce 's Destiny 's Child bandmates Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams . Jay-Z was also present for the party .
The hip-hop supercouple wed in 2008 .
M Natarajan , husband of AIADMK leader VK Sasikala who is serving time in Bengaluru 's Central Prison , died on Tuesday at a private hospital in Chennai . According to sources , Sasikala has applied fora 15-day parole to attend their husband 's last rites .
The officials in Central Prison have confirmed that the process of reviewing Sasikala 's was being processed . M Natarajan , who was 74 years old , died on Tuesday and the news of their death was released by the hospital authorities .
As per sources , Natarajan was suffering from a severe chest infection and later underwent a kidney transplant . The body is currently kept at their Besant Nagar residence for people to pay homage and will be taken later to their native village in Thanjavur district .
ALSO READ : Sasikala 's husband Natarajan Maruthappa passes away
Sources also said that the family has not decided on when to conduct the final rites as they are expecting a possible parole for Sasikala . They were convicted in the Rs 66.6 crore disproportionate assets case and is serving a four-year jail term in Bengaluru Parappana Agrahara prison since last February .
Natarajan was an avid Tamil activist and also ran a vernacular magazine called ‘ Puthiya Paarvai ' . However , along with their wife , they too are expelled by late Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa from the party in 2011 .
SEATTLE WA -- ( Marketwired - Feb 15 , 2017 ) - 3DX Industries Inc. ( OTCQB : DDDX ) 3DX Industries Inc. , ( the `` Company '' or `` 3DX '' ) announces the completion of a 3D Metal Printed Intake Manifold Flanges for Jessco Racing Ltd of Bellingham WA ( Jessco ) . 3DX has been working with Jessco to manufacture the high performance parts for use on Jessco 's custom land speed record motorcycle . This motorcycle is being designed by Jessco to attempt to set the World Record for the fastest motorcycle in the 3000cc class . The bike will need to exceed speeds of 250 mph to be successful . The date for this world record event is expected to be late summer of 2017 . More information will be announced as it becomes available .
`` We had tremendous difficulty finding a process to manufacture the flanges for this specific application due to the intricate design and rigorous demands that will be on the bike and the engine . The fit needed to be perfect and required some difficult angles dealing with tight tolerances to be incorporated into the design . Conventional manufacturing techniques were not giving us what we needed . The 3D Metal Printed prototype manufactured by 3DX was a perfect fit and we could not be happier with the result '' states Mike Eaton president of Jessco Racing .
Mr. Janssen adds `` It is an exciting project to be involved with and truly shows the capabilities of Metal Additive Manufacturing . We will continue to work with Jessco on developing additional 3D Metal printed parts that may be required for their design ''
3DX uses an additive manufacturing process , otherwise known as three-dimensional printing which materializes an object -- or mold for an object -- layer by layer out of powdered material , a binding agent and a digital file . The process is also referred to as Binder Jetting Technology .
About the Company : 3DX Industries , Inc. is focused on the additive metal manufacturing segment within the manufacturing industry . 3DX has the capability of manufacturing a wide variety of products using its 3D metal printing system , 3D composite printing as well as more traditional methods of precision manufacturing . 3DX offers additive and subtractive manufacturing options as well as product design , engineering and assembly services to its customers .
About Binder Jet : Binder Jetting is a powder bed process , where a binder is used to selectively 'print ' the desired part shape by adhesively joining the metal particles . After the jetting process , the green part is sintered in a furnace to burn off the binder and then an infiltrant , typically bronze , is melted and drawn into the part to fill in the remaining spaces within the sintered metal powder skeleton to create a dense component . The resulting parts combine properties from both the metal powder and the infiltrant .
Safe Harbor 3DX encourages those interested in our Company to rely only on information included in our filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission which can be found at www.sec.gov . Statements released by3DX Industries , Inc. that are not purely historical are forward-looking within the meaning of the `` Safe Harbor '' provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 , including statements regarding the company 's expectations , hopes , intentions , and strategies for the future . Investors are cautioned that forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainties that may affect the company 's business prospects and performance . The company 's actual results could differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements . Risk factors include but are not limited to general economic , competitive , governmental , and technological factors as discussed in the company 's filings with the SEC on Forms 10-K , 10-Q , and 8-K . The company does not undertake any responsibility to update the forward-looking statements contained in this release .
Visit the 3DX Industries , Inc. web site at www.3dxindustries.com . Information included on the Company 's website is not incorporated herein by reference or otherwise .
Thousands of Europeans are among Chicago 's undocumented
hello
For undocumented Chicagoans , a knock on the door means catastrophe .
Some Polish immigrants install doorbells because the sound is less threatening , said Grazyna Zajaczkowska , director of immigration services for the Polish American Association . They also wo n't answer the door unless they already know who 's there .
`` Every knock on the door for the undocumented is a big deal , '' they said .
Though President Donald Trump 's proposed wall along the Mexican border has become one symbol of the illegal immigration issue , many of Chicago 's undocumented residents arrive from overseas . They do n't walk ; they fly .
And the number of Europeans being deported is rising , and that worries the thousands of undocumented Europeans in Chicago -- about 11,000 , according to a 2014 report from the Illinois Coalition for Immigrant and Refugee Rights .
For the full story , click here .
Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers ( 12 ) looks for a receiver in the fourth quarter final drive during the Green Bay Packers vs. the Dallas Cowboys NFL football playoff game at AT & T Stadium in Arlington , Texas on Sunday , January 15 , 2017 . ( Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News )
Machota : We 're at least a month away from me considering anything must-win . The Packers started 4-6 last year and made it to the NFC championship game . The Cowboys could go into the bye week 2-3 and it would n't change my thoughts at all on this being a 9 or 10 win team . Now , it would make things much more difficult with a loss to the Packers , but it 's not a must-win game .
Machota : I doubt that . The Packers are one of the worst rushing teams in the league , averaging under 75 yards per game and 3.5 yards per rush . If they run like Gurley against the Cowboys , it 'll look like the Denver game . I do n't predict that happening . Now , I do see Ezekiel Elliott having success running against the Packers . They had 157 and 125 against them last year .
Question : Will GB have the same type of success running the ball vs DAL that Todd Gurley did ?
Machota : Doubt it . You can expect a handful of plays for them on offense , maybe a pitch here or short pass there but nothing significant . As long as Witten , Dez , Beasley , Terrance and Brice are healthy there 's just not a lot of room to work Switzer into the offense .
Question : Can we expect to see more of Ryan Switzer when the offense is on the field vs GB ?
Question : How concerning is Tyron Smith 's back troubles ?
Machota : It 's concerning because it 's their back . Those type of injuries tend to linger and he 's had issues already . I predict that he 'll play through it , but do n't be surprised if they get regular off days during the week throughout the rest of the season . Right now , the Cowboys feel like it 's something that ca n't get worse if they play through it .
Question : Will David Irving be in top form right out of the gate or do you think he 'll need a few weeks to get acclimated to game speed again ?
Machota : Rod Marinelli was certainly impressed with the condition Irving was in when they saw them for the first time this week . He 'll be a factor Sunday , but I do n't think he 'll be up to full speed until probably after the bye week when the Cowboys play at San Francisco .
Question : Are the Redskins or Eagles the Cowboys the biggest competition in the East ?
Machota : It 's pretty close . Both are going to be tough to beat . To win the division the Cowboys probably need to go at least 3-2 in their remaining division games . On paper I think the Eagles are the better team , but how Washington dominated a relatively healthy Raiders team a couple weeks ago makes me think it 's much closer . I picked the Giants to win the East before the season started so maybe I 'm not the best person to give advice about the division .
Question : With Montgomery and Adams banged up , is this the best time the Cowboys D could have caught Rodgers and Co. ?
Machota : No question . Add in their offensive line injuries , too . Most fans just focus on their team and the injuries their team is dealing with . The Packers are one fan base I actually feel sorry for when it comes to injuries . It 's not just been this year , either . Only way the Cowboys could play Green Bay at a better time is if they were without Aaron Rodgers .
Full chat here
Exactly 9 days ago , Zee Kannada channel 's famous show Drama Juniors Season 2 landed in a controversy wherein the Brahmin community of Karnataka turned against the show .
The show got into the controversy for having made the kids to enact a skit which portrayed Brahmins and their caste in a very poor light .
Brahmins all over the state together demanded an unconditional apology from the makers of the show as well as the channel for not having moderated the content properly . Various Brahmin sects and societies had announced strong revolts and protests against the channel and the show .
Having seen the ongoing turmoil on social media , the channel and the makers of the show finally succumbed to the pressure and offered their unequivocal apology .
Yes , the controversy finally ended when the team of Zee Kannada and Drama Juniors team apologised on the Drama Juniors Season 2 Episode 3 , which was telecasted on Saturday , August 12 at 9 pm .
Master Anand , the presenter of Drama Juniors show , apologised the moment the show began . They mentioned that they will be the one apologising on behalf of the channel and the show .
They said , `` The skits that are being enacted on the stage have deep meaning hidden beneath them . They reflect all the loopholes in our society , which we try to lighten up by bringing some humour . ''
`` Last weekend , we tried to tell Tenali Rama 's story via the kids . Unfortunately , the humour was a little too overwhelming for some people . What we thought would be taken in a light hearted manner did n't go as planned . We are extremely sorry . ''
Master Anand continued , `` We are pained if people are pained by us . It was totally unintentional . It is never our intention to hurt or degrade anyone , let alone deeming them inferior . I hereby would like to apologise to everyone who were offended an unknown mistake from our side . There is no holding back , we regret our mistake , please forgive us . ''
Later , after Master Anand concluded , it was the judges ' turn to apologise . On behalf of the judges , T. N. Seetharam spoke and said , `` This is the second season of this show and we have successfully delivered a total of 167 skits till date . ''
`` While most of them were received by our audience gracefully , one of them hurt your feelings . It was totally unintentional from the Dance Juniors team as well as the channel . Please forgive us if you are hurt by our actions . ''
First Lieutenant Philip Sauer gave their lives in an attempt save the lives of four other Marines during combat in Vietnam . NBC 7 's military reporter Bridget Naso has the story . ( Published 38 minutes ago )
April 24th is no ordinary day for one Coronado family . It 's the day in 1967 that their brother First Lieutenant Philip Sauer gave their lives in an attempt save the lives of four other Marines during combat in Vietnam .
Tuesday , 51 years from the day , First Lieutenant Philip Sauer was posthumously awarded the Silver Star at a ceremony at Camp Pendleton . “ Today really epitomizes is all that they were in our family and for the military , they are our hero , ” said their sister Mary Schoelch .
They and brothers Nick , Tom and Coulter accepted the Silver Star from Major General Eric M. Smith , Commanding General of 1st Marine Division .
The Silver Star Medal is the third highest personal decoration for valor in combat against an enemy and is awarded for `` gallantry in action against an enemy of the United States . ”
And on April 24th , 1967 1st Lt. Sauer sacrificed their lives in an attempt to save four fellow Marines . On patrol on Hill 861 with the four Marines to get a better look at the dangerous Keh Sahn caves , the Marines were ambushed by at least 30 enemy fighters .
Bill Marks was one of those Marines . They said 1st Lt. Sauer told the others to fall back and that they would provide cover . “ If it was n't for them I probably would 've been still there , '' they said .
Marks was the only survivor and went on to earn a Purple Heart in another battle . And they joined Sauer 's family and friends at Camp Pendleton to see Sauer awarded for their actions .
Nick Sauer said it was in their younger brother 's blood to save lives . They rescued injured animals as a child and even steered them to safety on the family 's boat during a terrible storm . “ He just had so much courage it was unbelievable . ”
But the complete recognition of their brother 's courage on that April day in Vietnam might never have happened , if not for another Marine .
Retired Marine Lt. Col Dan Little met another of the Sauer brothers , Tom , while swimming off La Jolla Cove . Sauer shared their brother 's story and Lt. Col. Little quietly went to work finding the veterans in the chain or command and getting the necessary documentation for the Silver Star Medal .
“ This man took two and a half years and they did n't tell us , ” said Nick Sauer . That is until the effort was nearly complete and 1st Lt. Sauer was to be recognized at Camp Pendleton . “ This metal truly validates that and it 's something that we will cherish for generations and generations to come , ” said their sister Mary Schoelch .
In addition to the Silver Star Medal , 1st Lt. Philip Sauer has already been recognized with the Purple Heart for their action on April 24th .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City fans chanted the name of their former manager Gary Rowett as they watched their side go down 3-1 at home to Brentford .
Chelsea legend Gianfranco Zola replaced Rowett as manager at St Andrew 's last month but they are yet to win after four games in charge - with one point to theirs name .
Blues supporters were left disappointed after watching their side throw away a 1-0 half-time lead .
Lukas Jutkiewicz had fired Blues ahead after 23 minutes after latching onto a Che Adams through ball but things turned sour in the second half .
In-demand striker Scott Hogan equalised before a David Davis own goal and a Nicholas Yennaris took the game away from Blues .
Fans chanted 'One Gary Rowett ' as they watched the second half capitulation that leaves Blues 13th in the Championship , seven points off the play-off spots .
Watch : Fans chant for Gary Rowett
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Luke Thomas is not returning from Derby County 's training camp in Tenerife early to speak to West Ham United , DerbyshireLive understands .
It has been reported by GloucestershireLive that the 19-year-old winger is flying home after being given permission to talk to the Hammers about a potential move . However this appears to be wide of the mark .
It is not the first time the former Cheltenham Town player has been linked with West Ham .
In May , reports claimed the Premier League club had made a £1.2m bid for them and that they were closing in on a deal .
Thomas was named Derby 's young player of the year last season when their form for the under-23s earned them a place in the first-team squad .
They made their senior debut when they came off the bench in the 2-0 home victory over Queens Park Rangers in October .
Thomas joined Derby in January 2016 from Cheltenham and the club will reportedly receive a portion of any potential transfer fee .
The matrix pictured can be found here .
The Herald 's spring undergraduate poll , conducted April 5-7 in J. Walter Wilson , the Stephen Roberts '62 Campus Center and the Sciences Library , found that students reported a drop in religious activity while attending the University . While about 24 percent of students participated in religious activities , such as attending church , religious fellowships or religious associations before attending Brown , only about 10 percent reported doing so while attending the University . The number of students who participated in religious events once or twice a month before attendance dropped from 10.2 percent to 5.5 . Similarly , 42.7 percent of students surveyed reported not actively participating in religious events before attending Brown . But 69.1 percent of students reported that they do not actively participate in religious events while at Brown .
Following the February announcement by the Corporation that the Urban Environmental Lab may face demolition and the subsequent activism to save the building , about 40 percent of students strongly or somewhat disagree that the University should build a new performing arts center on the site of the current UEL . About 26 percent of surveyed students agreed that the performing arts center should be built , while about 34 percent had no opinion .
Following the Corporation 's February approval of a $ 1.061 billion operating budget plans for fiscal year 2018 , which includes a 4.4 percent increase in undergraduate tuition and fees , the poll found that about 42 percent of students disapprove of the way the University is handling the budget . About 20 percent of students approved of the University 's handling of the budget , while about 38 percent had no opinion .
About 49 percent of students surveyed said they would feel comfortable going to the Title IX office , which handles cases of sexual and gender-based harassment , for assistance and support if they were ever in a situation that fell under its jurisdiction . Twenty five percent said they would feel uncomfortable going to the Title IX office for support , while 17 percent said they had no opinion . The results come in light of the recent resignation of the University 's Title IX program officer , Amanda Walsh , which left management of the office to an interim director .
The student body is roughly split regarding the University 's governance . Fifty four percent of students approve of the way President Christina Paxson P'19 is handling their position as president of the University , with about 12 percent reporting disapproval and 34 percent without opinion . Similarly , 49 percent of students polled approve of the way the Undergraduate Council of Students is handling its job representing and addressing the concerns of the undergraduate student body . About seven percent of students polled disapproved of UCS and 42 percent lacked an opinion .
In a period in which students , specifically women and those from historically underrepresented groups , are questioning the impact of President Donald Trump 's election in their lives , 4.4 percent of students reported changing their birth control in response to the current political climate .
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Apr 17 , 2017
LOS ANGELES — Marvel 's continuing space opera Guardians of the Galaxy Vol . 2 has yet to hit theatres , but plans are already in the works for the third instalment .
On Monday , James Gunn announced on Facebook that they would be returning to write and direct Guardians of the Galaxy Vol . 3 . Gunn also wrote and directed the first and second Guardians films .
The franchise stars Chris Pratt , Zoe Saldana , Dave Bautista and features the voices of Bradley Cooper and Vin Diesel .
In their post , Gunn said that Guardians 3 will come after 2018 's Avengers : Infinity War and conclude the story of this iteration of Guardians of the Galaxy , helping to launch Marvel 's next 10 years .
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol . 2 hits theatres on May 5 .
By Jason Keidel
Just a week ago it said here that the best chance Conor McGregor had of beating Floyd Mayweather Jr. in their ballyhooed bout on Aug 26 was if Mayweather had , as every fighter has at some point , gotten athletically old .
And now , Mayweather either agrees with me or is being professionally coy for the sake of coin .
During a recent sit-down with Stephen A Smith , Mayweather mused over their upcoming fight with McGregor , and made some unusually candid and self-effacing assertions . Most notably , that he 's lost a step and that McGregor is not only the younger man , but also larger and stronger . So , says Mayweather , this is the first time their foe as the edge , at least on paper .
It has long been Mayweather 's M.O . to regard their foes with cheeky indifference – when they deign to acknowledge them – the man across the ring barely a bookmark during their self-indulgent monologues . But what if Mayweather is being genuine ? What if they really realizes that what is happening to them happened to all before him , from Joe Louis to Ray Robinson to Muhammad Ali ?
It 's almost impossible to imagine this kind of persona makeover , especially in Mayweather . A tectonic shift from epic hubris to low-key humility is about as likely as Dikembe Mutombo winning the NBA 's three-point shooting contest .
Is this newfound modesty or a new sales pitch ? Is Floyd Maywether Jr making concessions to nature or theirs they too naturally arrogant to fear Father Time ?
Mother Nature has humbled many a man , woman , and athlete , and made modesty a necessity . But when you 're still 49-0 and driving a different Bugatti every day , it 's hard to correlate modesty with someone who proudly lives like King Farouk . They graduated from Pretty Boy Floyd to Money Mayweather at least a decade ago , and has felt no need to earn a higher degree , at least not in terms of moniker or monetary appetites .
Mayweather is difficult to digest , even for those of us who still kneel at boxing 's crumbling altar . But he 's too naturally gifted and aesthetically pleasing when they ply their trade in the ring . The problems begin when they remove the mouthpiece and opens their mouth .
There 's chatter about biblical debt due the IRS , how they need this fight more to keep the lights on than to turn McGregor 's lights off . Tax bills and celebrities – especially athletes – are a common pair , like pop culture 's peanut butter and jelly . If you ever saw the delightful documentary , appropriately titled , “ Broke , ” you 'd be astonished by how many millionaires are paupers by 35 .
Mayweather is long past 35 . But even at 40 , he 's in sublime physical shape . Unlike many of their predecessors , like Ali , Mayweather never got soft around the middle . Roberto Duran often looked pregnant between bouts , then somehow sweated the cellulite into oblivion just in time to pummel their next opponent . Mayweather is a walking workout , 24/7 fit . For all their faults and foibles – and there are tons – they never disrespected their sport vis-a-vis their preparation or performance .
The latest drama sprouted from McGregor 's camp , when former boxing champ Paulie Malignaggi agreed to spar with the loquacious cage fighter . McGregor specifically targeted Malignaggi because they opined publicly that McGregor had no shot at defeating Mayweather , if he 'd even land a glove on him . After a few rounds and cleverly placed pics on social media , showing Malignaggi on their back , the longtime boxer fled the camp , wholly disputing what looked like a knockdown .
McGregor says it was clean ; Malginaggi said they were shoved to the canvas . Then an odd arbiter stepped in . Shaquille O'Neal tweeted a few moments of the sparring , which showed McGregor knocking Malignaggi all over the ring , peppering them with lead lefts and roundhouse rights . The disputed knockdown seems equal parts punch and push .
Was Malignaggi tanking for the inherent click bait it brings ? Was they out of shape or out of their mind ? Or is McGregor really a fine boxer who simply prefers mixed martial arts ?
None of us really knows any of those answers . We do know that , other than being fine athletic specimens who are great at beating people up , Mayweather and McGregor are also showmen and wildly gifted salespersons , their tongues almost as sharp as their punches . There 's a reason this fight had more public than pugilistic appeal . One thing – perhaps the only thing – Mayweather and McGregor have in common is that just as many folks tune in to see them lose as to watch them win .
So for some folks the good news is that , on Aug 26 , either Floyd Mayweather Jr or Conor McGregor is going to win the fight . For most folks , the best news is that one of them will lose .
DAVIE , FLA. ( WSVN ) - Police released surveillance video of an SUV driving over a 9-year-old bicyclist before dragging them several feet .
According to Davie Police , the 9-year-old boy was on their way to school when they were run over by the SUV driver as they were exiting a parking lot near 6500 SW 39th St. , Wednesday .
Police have since released surveillance footage of the scene , Friday . According to officials , the boy fell off of their bicycle as they stopped at the intersection and as they attempted to get up , the SUV made a right turn , driving over them and the bicycle .
Officials said the boy was stuck under the SUV and was dragged for about 448 feet .
One witness told police that the driver was on their phone at the time of the incident . That witness said they alerted the driver once they were stopped for traffic on Southwest 39th Street .
The boy suffered serious injuries that were not life-threatening .
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
In a New York Times story published on Saturday , Feb 3 , Uma Thurman spoke candidly about being assaulted by former Hollywood producer and accused sexual predator , Harvey Weinstein .
Thurman says Weinstein told them to follow them into a steam room to finish a meeting : “ It was so hot and I said , ‘ This is ridiculous , what are you doing ? ' And they were getting very flustered and mad and they jumped up and ran out . ”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The actor says the producer later attacked them in a London hotel room . “ It was such a bat to the head . They pushed me down . They tried to shove themselves on me . They tried to expose himself . They did all kinds of unpleasant things . But they did n't actually put their back into it and force me . You 're like an animal wriggling away , like a lizard , ” the actor said . “ I was doing anything I could to get the train back on the track . My track . Not their track . ”
Thurman adds that their relationship with director Quentin Tarantino ( a frequent collaborator with Weinstein ) was affected by the attack . Tarantino initially dismissed Thurman 's claim about Weinstein , but then later confronted him .
“ The complicated feeling I have about Harvey is how bad I feel about all the women that were attacked after I was . I am one of the reasons that a young girl would walk into their room alone , the way I did . Quentin used Harvey as the executive producer of ‘ Kill Bill , ' a movie that symbolizes female empowerment , ” Thurman said . “ And all these lambs walked into slaughter because they were convinced nobody rises to such a position who would do something illegal to you , but they do . ”
Thurman also adds that their former agency , Creative Artists Agency , was `` connected to Weinstein 's predatory behavior . ''
“ I stand as both a person who was subjected to it and a person who was then also part of the cloud cover , so that 's a super weird split to have , ” they said .
Through a representative , Weinstein , who is apparently in `` therapy '' in Arizona , agreed that “ she very well could have said this. ” In response to the initial Times article , Weinstein issued a statement partially acknowledging the accusations , saying “ I appreciate the way I 've behaved with colleagues in the past has caused a lot of pain , and I sincerely apologize for it . '' Their attorney , Charles Harder , said in a statement that the Times ' story “ is saturated with false and defamatory statements about Harvey Weinstein , '' and threatened to sue the paper . Lisa Bloom , another lawyer advising Weinstein , said in a statement that “ he denies many of the accusations as patently false. ” Bloom and Harder have both subsequently resigned from representing Weinstein .
The Trump administration unveiled guidance aimed at the burgeoning socially-responsible investment industry that left some investors scratching their heads .
The Department of Labor , which oversees retirement-plan funds , published guidelines on Monday that said investments based on environmental , social and governance issues are n't always a “ prudent choice ” and that such factors should n't “ too readily ” be considered as economically relevant by fiduciaries . That differs from 2016 guidance from the Obama administration , which said such plans could consider ESG factors without violating their fiduciary duty , opening the way for more retirees to pursue socially-responsible investment strategies .
Under the latest guidelines , fiduciaries must “ always put first the economic interests of the plan '' and make financial factors the main consideration when evaluating investments . They also require managers to make sure any shareholder-engagement activities are likely to enhance economic value of their investments .
See also : Labor Department clarifies guidelines for retirement funds
Some in the industry said they were surprised by the announcement and its cautionary tone . “ The way they distinguish between investment options in the guidance is overly simplistic , '' said Lisa Woll , chief executive of US SIF , the Forum for Sustainable and Responsible Investment . “ ESG factors for many investors are considered important financial considerations . ''
Though still a relatively new strategy , ESG investing has grown quickly and increasingly available as a strategy for retirement plans and 401 ( k ) s. Socially-responsible investments totaled $ 23 trillion at the start of 2016 and have outpaced growth in total assets under management , according to the Global Sustainable Investment Alliance .
“ It is difficult to understand the reasoning , ” for the new guidance , said Fiona Reynolds , chief executive officer of the United Nations-supported Principles for Responsible Investment , which represents investors with more than $ 70 trillion in assets . “ Markets are in no doubt of the materiality of ESG considerations , '' they said , noting the guidance could create confusion for retirement-plan fiduciaries .
ESG investors have seen increasing push back from business groups , with congressional Republicans last year proposing legislation aimed at making it harder to submit shareholder proposals . The Labor Department 's new guidance said that managers should only engage with companies about corporate governance , or environmental and human capital risks when it 's likely that those issues will enhance the economic value of their investment .
“ This indicates the need for a well-developed ESG research process centered on financial materiality , '' said John Streur , CEO of Eaton Vance Corp. 's Calvert Research and Management , noting that ESG investors have already been moving in that direction .
Ian Parkinson , sheriff , and challenger Greg Clayton , speak at a sheriff 's candidate forum at the Board of Supervisors chambers . David Middlecamp dmiddlecamp @ thetribunenews.com
The Independent National Electoral Commission ( INEC ) said it had received a petition for the recall of Mr Abubakar Kuki , a member of Kano State House of Assembly .
Mr Adedeji Soyebi , National Commissioner and Chairman Information and Voter Education Committee of the commission , made this known in a statement on Monday in Abuja .
Soyebi said that the petition emanated from the lawmaker 's constituents in Bebeji area , which they represented , adding that the document was received on Friday .
They stated that in accordance with INEC guidelines for recall , the commission had formally acknowledged receipt of the petition to the petitioners ' representatives .
They added that the commission had also written to inform the affected lawmaker about the petition .
“ A timetable and schedule of activities pursuant to the petition will be issued shortly , '' Soyebi said .
On June 24 , INEC also received a petition demanding the recall Sen. Dino Melaye , representing Kogi West Senatorial District at the Senate .
The commission , in line with it guidelines , issued the timetable for the recall but suspended action on it following a court order secured by Melaye on July 13 , stopping it from proceeding with the process .
However , INEC has approached the court to vacate the injunction to enable it to continue with the process .
NAN
OTTAWA — The Competition Bureau is forcing Bayer AG to divest some of its Canadian canola , soybean and vegetable seed , traits and herbicide assets before it will allow the German pharmaceutical giant to purchase agricultural business Monsanto Company .
The watchdog says in a consent agreement filed Wednesday that if the assets are n't divested the takeover would likely `` substantially lessen '' competition in Canada 's seeds and crop treatment sector .
Bayer previously said the assets would be sold to German chemical company BASF SE for 5.9 billion euros .
The bureau says it is reviewing the suitability of BASF as a buyer for the assets .
NEWPORT BEACH , CA -- ( Marketwired - Oct 6 , 2017 ) - ORHub , Inc. ( OTC : ORHB ) , an advanced medical software provider focused on real-time digital delivery of case-based data analytics , today announces the appointment of Dr. Choll Kim , an industry-leading physician and instructor in the technological automation of surgical procedures , to its advisory board .
As an internationally renowned expert in the field of computer-assisted , minimally invasive spine surgery , Dr. Kim has considerable insight into the intricate evolution of technology in the surgical sector , an invaluable resource that will strengthen ORHub 's grasp in the marketplace .
`` In today 's health care environment , excellent clinical care must be delivered in a cost-effective manner . ORHub recognizes this industry demand , and provides a much-needed point-of-service system that allows both surgeons and hospitals to monitor the time and cost of the entire episode of surgical care . By providing reliable data in a manner that is useful to both surgeons and hospitals , a real collaborative effort can be pursued to optimize patient care . I am excited to be part of ORHub and the important efforts that will arise from improved information gathering and analysis . With this advisory role , I finally feel like I can be a meaningful participant in the ongoing effort to optimize health care efficiency while providing the highest level of care to my patients , '' states Dr. Kim .
A leader in their field , Dr. Kim is the founder and past-president of the Society for Minimally Invasive Spine Surgery ( SMISS ) , the founder of Minimally Invasive Spine Centers of Excellence ( MIS-COE ) , the chair of the MIS Committee for the International Society for the Advancement of Spine Surgery ( ISASS ) , the director of the Advanced Spine & Joint Institute at Alvarado Hospital , and an associate clinical professor at the University of California , San Diego .
They utilize a broad range of minimally invasive treatments to effectively treat all aspects of complex spinal disorders , including herniated disks , spinal stenosis , adult scoliosis , spondylolisthesis , traumatic injuries , tumors , and infections throughout the entire spine -- from the neck to the low back . Dr. Kim is one of only a handful of surgeons in the world to master laser endoscopic spine surgery ( LESS ) , a state-of-the-art minimally invasive procedure that effectively treats herniated disks , radiculopathy and sciatica .
Dr. Kim graduated cum laude from Harvard Medical School and completed their fellowship training in complex spine surgery at the Mayo Clinic . They are double-board certified by the American Board of Orthopedic Surgeons and the American Board of Spine Surgery .
`` Dr. Kim is a phenomenal addition to our team , as they have gained international recognition in their field , and has trained a new generation of surgeons and operating room personnel in technologically advanced operating systems . As a substantial contributor to the evolving industry , they have trained innumerable specialists throughout the country on the safe and effective application of state-of-the-art techniques using image guidance and navigation technologies . We believe that they will be an invaluable source of knowledge as we grow in the industry , '' states ORHub CEO Colt Melby .
About ORHub , Inc .
ORHub is a medical software company focused on delivering case-based data analytics at the speed of surgery . The Company 's suite of products serves the needs of the health care industry , hospital , patient , government and the medical device vendor . ORHub provides a cloud-based software solution that captures information before , during and after surgery , filling a void in the current surgical information infrastructure and providing the first process to capture and measure the surgical process -- evolving Big Data into Intelligent Digital Data .
ORHub 's software applications allow hospitals and medical device vendors to utilize any web-enabled device to create an anatomical graphic depiction of exactly what occurs during surgery . The application automatically translates the resulting schematic into an intelligent , electronic operative report that links every detail of surgery , including implant location , surgical techniques , product usage , and all clinical parameters to create a dynamically new source of comparative information .
As a result , hospitals and surgeons can make real-time , data driven decisions to improve business profitability and the quality of patient care . This innovative technology results in hospitals understanding costs and identifying areas of cost reductions , as well as results in increased accountability , automatic creation of comprehensive anatomic implant registries , real-time analytics , improved efficiencies , and compliance with existing government regulations . ORHub has offices in Phoenix , Arizona ; Newport Beach , California ; and Bellevue , Washington .
For more information , visit www.ORHub.com
Forward-Looking Statements
This news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 . Although the Company believes the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions , it can give no assurances that its expectations will be attained . Such statements are inherently uncertain , and actual results and activities may differ materially from those estimated or projected . Certain factors that can affect the Company 's ability to achieve its anticipated results include , among others , uncertainties inherent in the development of a new software product business .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The University of Birmingham is to create a 'world-leading ' centre of excellence for railway research .
The new building will accommodate up to 100 staff , 100 PhD students and 700 undergraduates .
It will be constructed on the former Alta Biosciences block and chemistry labs at the Edgbaston campus , which have already been demolished .
The development will house the School of Engineering and include a wing for the UK Railway Research Innovation Centre .
( Image : University of Birmingham )
Birmingham City Council 's planning committee has now formally approved the scheme .
A UoB statement describing the proposal said : `` The School of Engineering building will benefit from a £92 million research fund which was secured in 2017 between the rail supply industry and a consortium of eight universities , aimed at establishing a world-leading centre of excellence for railway research .
`` A new flagship building is proposed to facilitate the growth of the engineering sector and deliver a world leading centre of excellence for research on digital systems , focusing on matters such as railway control and simulation , and data integration and cybersecurity . ''
The plans will also benefit from a 78-space car park on former tennis courts near the site which are the subject of a separate planning application .
Cllr Gareth Moore , on the committee , commended the university for its approach to addressing existing parking problems in the area .
In doing so they issued a swipe at University Hospitals Birmingham NHS Foundation Trust , which runs the Queen Elizabeth Hospital where they have recently branded the parking situation as a 'Titanic disaster ' comparing the number of spaces to the number of lifeboats on the doomed ship .
( Image : University of Birmingham )
Cllr Moore said : `` I think it is great the university is still investing and improving the offer that it has , to both its staff and students , clearly the UK Railway Research Innovation Centre is involved in this as well which is good to see that is all taking place in Birmingham .
`` Particularly what I also like is the fact the university is very proactive in trying to address the parking situation which is obviously bad around the university .
`` I see reference to the additional spaces being provided so that is welcome especially when you compare it to its neighbouring university hospitals trust which takes a very different approach , more 'ostrich head in sand ' scenario . ''
Dallas Cowboys tackle Tyron Smith ( 77 ) stretches at the end of practice during training camp at The Star in Frisco on Thursday , August 24 , 2017 . ( Vernon Bryant/The Dallas Morning News )
`` It would really be a surprise if they do n't play , '' Jones added on 105.3 The Fan 's G-Bag Nation show [ KRLD-FM ] .
Cowboys owner Jerry Jones said Friday they feel `` very good '' about Smith 's chances playing Sunday against the Green Bay Packers .
Tyron Smith 's name appeared on the injury report this week because of back tightness . The Cowboys ' All-Pro left tackle was limited Wednesday and did not practice Thursday .
Sean Lee 's hamstring is a little bit of a different story .
Lee did n't play last week against the Rams and they have n't practiced this week .
Jones acknowledged that having a bye week next weekend factors in the decision to possibly sit Lee for another week .
`` Today will mean a lot , '' Jones said . `` Tomorrow will mean a lot . If we were not looking at a bye next week , then you could be more aggressive with this decision . But the fact that you 've got a bye means that they could actually go [ two ] more weeks without putting competitive-type pressure on that hamstring . So that makes you head scratch a little bit .
`` The nature of their imperfection was such that two or three weeks rest should do it . So all of that is in our minds as we make a decision today . ''
A lack of officials has become an issue in recent years , leading the associations which assign referees to games to ask schools to reschedule games from Friday to either Thursday or Saturday .
“ The officials asked us , ” Commander coach John McNeal said . “ ( Assistant ) Coach ( Regan ) Ingram 's dad is an official . They said the officials were struggling to fill all the games . They were trying to see if anybody would move to Thursday . ”
McNeal said their school and Lancaster agreed to move up their game . They said they hope not to have to move up any more , though remaining on Friday runs the risk of having less than a full seven-man crew , which includes the on-field clock operator .
“ I hope we did our duty , ” McNeal said . “ We want a full crew . ”
The Commanders wrapped up their preseason last Saturday with a 6-0 jamboree win over visiting Franklin Road Academy .
Running back Ernie Gallatin scored on a 2-yard run with 5:34 left in the 30-minute dress rehearsal .
“ We did very well defensively , ” McNeal said . “ We did n't give up a lot and scored once . I was pleased . ”
Friendship also had no new injuries in the game . Senior back Jajuan ( Speedy ) Foutch , who missed almost all of last season with an injury , completed a healthy presesason .
“ Speedy had a nice night , ” McNeal said . “ He had a couple of long runs and a pick . ”
Bucs edge Bears in final seconds
MT . JULIET — Beech scored a touchdown and two-point conversion with 33 seconds to play to leapfrog past Mt . Juliet 15-14 in the third-annual Bears-vs.-Bucs Jamboree .
Lawson Rich 's 34-yard touchdown broke a 7-7 tie for the Golden Bears .
Quarterback Cody Glass scored on a keeper to give Mt . Juliet a 7-0 lead .
“ We were very fortunate to get into so many situations with our JV two quarters and our varsity two quarters , ” Mt . Juliet coach Trey Perry said . “ I was really pleased with the way our work went with a good football team in Beech . ”
The Bears will open their regular season at 7 p.m. Friday at home against Glencliff .
Gina Rodriguez on Jane the Virgin . The CW
This post contains spoilers for Jane the Virgin 's Season 4 finale .
It 's hard for anything on Jane the Virgin to truly surprise fans anymore , given how much the show has thrown at us over its four seasons . Evil twins ? Been there . Secret adoption ? Done that . Villains who disguise their identities using hyper-realistic face masks ? Child 's play for a show whose motto is “ I know ! Straight out of a telenovela , right ? ”
And yet until very recently—like , last week—the most unpredictable twist Jane the Virgin had ever delivered was the Season 3 death of Jane 's ex-cop husband , Michael Cordero , from complications from their gunshot wound . As I wrote at the time , that moment was a shocker precisely because it was so mundane compared to the high drama we 're used to from Jane . There was no tense build-up , no confrontation with a bad guy , no moment where Michael whispered their last words to their tearful wife . It was n't even the end of the season ! They simply keeled over , an unthinkably ordinary fate for a character who had already survived a much more sensational confrontation with a crime lord .
The show moved on with a three-year time jump . Jane grieved , and we grieved with them In Season 4 , they focused on their career and learned to let themselves fall in love again , even more than once . Life went on as only life on Jane the Virgin could—with murder mysteries , love triangles , and absurdly over-the-top revelations . In the meantime , Michael 's ghost seemed to have been , if not exorcised completely , then at least allowed to rest in peace .
Then came Friday night 's season finale .
Here 's what happened : Rafael visited Rose ( the same crime lord who shot Michael ) in jail and learned something terrible enough to postpone their planned marriage proposal to Jane . But after letting Jane believe that this bombshell was actually about their parents , Rafael comes clean at the end of the episode , admitting that it was about something else entirely . “ OK , ” says Jane , still kind of expecting a proposal . “ What did they tell you ? ” But Rafael decides that in this case , it 's better to show than tell .
That 's when , in the very last moments of the season , we find out who is hiding behind the door : Michael Cordero , alive . We even get to see them for five whole seconds—three cheers for the return of Brett Dier—so this is no mere rumor , and showrunner Jennie Snyder Urman has confirmed that it 's not an identical twin situation . Michael 's reappearance opens up tons of possibilities for Season 5 . What role will Michael play after being gone for so long ? How will they explain where he 's been all this time ? What does this mean for Jane and Rafael 's relationship , now that they are n't a widow ?
These are all valid questions , because , after all , a good plot twist will inevitably change the future of the show . But a great plot twist also makes us reconsider its past , too , and this is a great plot twist . In light of the finale 's revelation , it 's worth looking back at a particular episode from Season 3 : “ Chapter Fifty-Four , ” the fateful episode in which Michael dies ( or maybe I should say “ dies ” ) .
The theme of “ Chapter Fifty-Four ” is memory , with a focus specifically on memories of Michael and Jane 's relationship . The characters argue about how accurately someone can really remember the past , and there are extended flashbacks in this episode to Michael and Jane on a date at the carnival early in their relationship . After Michael 's death , this seemed like a sweet , poignant way to send the character off , by showing us the early stages of their romance and contrasting it with them as a married couple to show how much they had grown . But in light of Michael 's reappearance , this episode has new significance , because the most obvious explanation for Michael 's long disappearance is that they somehow lost their memory .
Think about it : The recap at the beginning of the Season 4 finale includes an otherwise seemingly unimportant detail , Rogelio insisting that amnesia is “ a key plot twist. ” He 's talking about The Passions of Santos , but considering how thin the line is between telenovelas and real life in the Janeinverse , it would be foolish to dismiss that line 's inclusion as a coincidence . And amnesia is certainly one of the only explanations that could justify Michael 's absence for so long without telling heartbroken Jane that they were really alive . When you add that the theme of the episode where Michael went away was “ memory , ” it makes a lot of sense that Michael would have lost his .
I 'm not pointing this out to turn Jane the Virgin 's finale into another game of Puzzle TV . There 's no reason to believe the writers were secretly trying to telegraph the fact that Michael was a alive way back when “ Chapter Fifty-Four ” was on the air , especially since , as Urman told Entertainment Weekly , they did n't even know for sure that they would come back as a character . ” It 's just that rewatching “ Chapter Fifty-Four ” with the knowledge that Michael might someday lose their memories of Jane is somehow just as sad as watching it with the knowledge that they die . And that , not the shock value , is what makes this twist perfect for Jane the Virgin .
More than spectacle : Eclipses create science and so can you
hello
FILE - In this Dec. 28 , 1934 file photo , Albert Einstein uses a blackboard as they speak at a meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in Pittsburgh , Pa . In 1915 , then a little known scientist , Einstein proposed their general theory of relativity , a milestone in physics that says what we perceive as the force of gravity is actually from the curvature of space and time . They couldnât prove it , but did say there were three ways to prove it and one was to show how distant starlight bends during an eclipse . In 1919 , Arthur Eddington observed the right amount of bending , something they couldnât do without the moonâs shadow eclipsing the sun . Associated Press
In this May 20 , 2017 photo provided by Don Walter , Clemson University undergraduates Erin Thompson and Harrison Leiendecker practice using a Citizen CATE telescope during the South Carolina CATE training Workshop in Orangeburg , S.C. For the 2017 eclipse over the United States , the National Science Foundation-funded movie project nicknamed Citizen CATE will have more than 200 volunteers trained and given special small telescopes and tripods to observe the sun at 68 locations in the exact same way . The thousands of images from the citizen-scientists will be combined for a movie of the usually hard-to-see sunâs edge . ( Don Walter via AP ) Associated Press
FILE - In this Wednesday , Aug. 9 , 2017 file photo , an 8-foot balloon carrying a camera rises into the sky during a test launch at the University of Hartford in West Hartford , Conn. A team from the University of Bridgeport and the University of Hartford conducted the test as part a project that will send cameras into the stratosphere to photograph the solar eclipse later in the month . Associated Press
This Aug. 3 , 2017 photo shows still photographs of the sun made by amateur astronomer Mike Conley at their home in Salem , Ore. Conley is part of a project led by the National Solar Observatory to have dozens of citizen-scientists posted across the U.S. photograph the Aug. 21 solar eclipse in an effort to create a live movie of its path that will help scientists learn more about the sun 's corona . Associated Press
In this Aug. 3 , 2017 photo , amateur astronomer Mike Conley practices with the telescope they will use to document the Aug. 21 total solar eclipse , at their home in Salem , Ore. Conley is part of a project led by the National Solar Observatory to have dozens of citizen-scientists posted across the U.S. photograph the celestial event in an effort to create a live movie of its path that will help scientists learn more about the sun 's corona . Associated Press
In this Aug. 1 , 2017 photo , a visitor to the Nashville Zoo in Nashville , Tenn. , takes a picture of animals . For the Aug. 21 , 2017 eclipse , the zoo is asking visitors to observe and keep track of what the animals are doing . Associated Press
This photo provided by Bob Baer and Sarah Kovac , participants in the Citizen CATE Experiment , shows a `` diamond ring '' shape during the 2016 total solar eclipse in Indonesia . For the 2017 eclipse over the United States , the National Science Foundation-funded movie project nicknamed Citizen CATE will have more than 200 volunteers trained and given special small telescopes and tripods to observe the sun at 68 locations in the exact same way . The thousands of images from the citizen-scientists will be combined for a movie of the usually hard-to-see sunâs edge . ( R. Baer , S. Kovac/Citizen CATE Experiment via AP ) Associated Press
WASHINGTON -- The sun is about to spill some of its secrets , maybe even reveal a few hidden truths of the cosmos . And you can get in on the act next week if you are in the right place for the best solar eclipse in the U.S. in nearly a century .
Astronomers are going full blast to pry even more science from the mysterious ball of gas that 's vital to Earth . They 'll look from the ground , using telescopes , cameras , binoculars and whatever else works . They 'll look from the International Space Station and a fleet of 11 satellites in space . And in between , they 'll fly three planes and launch more than 70 high-altitude balloons .
`` We expect a boatload of science from this one , '' said Jay Pasachoff , a Williams College astronomer who has traveled to 65 eclipses of all kinds .
Scientists will focus on the sun , but they will also examine what happens to Earth 's weather , to space weather , and to animals and plants on Earth as the moon totally blocks out the sun . The moon 's shadow will sweep along a narrow path , from Oregon to South Carolina .
Between NASA and the National Science Foundation , the federal government is spending about $ 7.7 million on next Monday 's eclipse . One of the NASA projects has students launching the high-altitude balloons to provide `` live footage from the edge of space '' during the eclipse .
But it 's not just the professionals or students . NASA has a list of various experiments everyday people can do .
`` Millions of people can walk out on their porch in their slippers and collect world-class data , '' said Matt Penn , an astronomer at the National Solar Observatory in Tucson , Arizona .
Penn is a chief scientist for a National Science Foundation-funded movie project nicknamed Citizen CATE . More than 200 volunteers have been trained and given special small telescopes and tripods to observe the sun at 68 locations in the exact same way . The thousands of images from the citizen-scientists will be combined for a movie of the usually hard-to-see sun 's edge .
Mike Conley , a Salem , Oregon , stock trader whose backyard is studded with telescopes , jumped at the chance to be part of the science team .
`` Who knows ? Maybe a great secret will come of this , the mysteries of the sun will be revealed , because we 're doing something that 's never been done before and we 're getting data that 's never been seen before , '' they said . `` A big discovery will come and everybody will say , 'Hey , we were part of that ! ' ''
You do n't need to have telescopes to help out . You can use the iNaturalist app via the California Academy of Sciences and note the reaction of animals and plants around you . You can go to a zoo , like the Nashville Zoo , where they are asking people to keep track of what the animals are doing . The University of California , Berkeley , is seeking photos and video for its Eclipse Megamovie 2017 , hoping to get more than 1,000 volunteers .
Even with all the high-tech , high-flying instruments now available , when it comes to understanding much of the sun 's mysteries , nothing beats an eclipse , said Williams College 's Pasachoff . That 's because the sun is so bright that even satellites and special probes ca n't gaze straight at the sun just to glimpse the outer crown , or corona . Satellites create artificial eclipses to blot out the sun , but they ca n't do it as well as the moon , they said .
The corona is what astronomers really focus on during an eclipse . It 's the sun 's outer atmosphere where space weather originates , where jutting loops of red glowing plasma lash out and where the magnetic field shows fluctuations . The temperature in the outer atmosphere is more than 1 million degrees hotter than it is on the surface of the sun and scientists want to figure out why .
`` It 's ironic that we 've learned most about the sun when its disk is hidden from view , '' said Fred `` Mr. Eclipse `` Espenak , a retired NASA astronomer who specialized in eclipses for the space agency .
And they learn other things , too . Helium - the second most abundant element in the universe - was n't discovered on Earth until its chemical spectrum was spotted during an eclipse in 1868 , Espenak said .
But that discovery is eclipsed by what an eclipse did for Albert Einstein and physics .
Einstein was a little known scientist in 1915 when they proposed their general theory of relativity , a milestone in physics that says what we perceive as the force of gravity is actually from the curvature of space and time . It explains the motion of planets , black holes and the bending of light from distant galaxies .
Einstein could n't prove it but said one way to do so was to show that light from a distant star bends during an eclipse . During a 1919 eclipse , Arthur Eddington observed the right amount of bending , something that could n't be done without the moon 's shadow eclipsing the sun .
`` It marked a complete change in the understanding of the universe , '' said Mark Littmann of the University of Tennessee , a former planetarium director . `` Bang . Right there . ''
___
Associated Press writer Gillian Flaccus in Oregon contributed to this report .
___
Follow AP 's coverage of the total solar eclipse here
___
Follow Seth Borenstein on Twitter at @ borenbears and their work can be found here .
RAPID RHYMES : Growing up in San Jose , Claudia Feliciano , aka Snow Tha Product , stands out among the list of talented Bay Area rappers . Them bilingual , freestyle rap flows are unlike any other because she 'll often switch between languages so fast , they blur the lines between English and Spanish .
Though she 's since moved away from the Bay , she 's back in the area this week for a show in Petaluma . It 's refreshing to see a female rap artist stand strong in a musical genre dominated by male artists , a theme she 's mentioned in songs like “ I Do n't Want to Leave , ” where they speak of being called too pretty to rap fast and of dropping verses faster than men .
The Mexican artist is known for more than just their rapid rhymes , though . Felicano 's not afraid to talk about real issues in their songs , and their verses are deep , witty and fearless in a way that hits you like a runaway train .
Though you 'll find yourself bobbing your head to their beats , once the lyrics digest , you 'll realize they 're often full of messages questioning society , modern-day racism and women being over-sexualized .
A perfect example of this is their song “ Snooze ” where Snow says “ A brown person would be called colored but then not brought up in conversations about race because the world is black and white , but that happened like literally yesterday ” and a couple of verses later adds “ America 's obsessed with making things so big except the clothes . ”
If party songs are more your speed , they also have a number of more danceable songs , like “ Hola , ” with a chorus that says to break out the Patron and Vodka .
Details : 8 p.m. Tonight at the Phoenix Theater , 201 Washington St. Petaluma . Admission : $ 20- $ 60 . Information : thephoenixtheater.com
___
PROM MEETS THE ZOMBIE APOCALYPSE : When I was 16 , I skipped my high school prom to catch a concert . At the time , I thought the tradition was outdated and I preferred to spend the night surrounded by a sea of punk kids than pay for a fancy dress I 'd never wear again . While I skipped the dance , I 've attended my fair share of proms since then .
Zombie Prom , a yearly zombie-themed dance , gave me and others who skipped prom a chance to re-do the night with a twist — a chance to spend the night in a room full of Zombies , or well , people dressed like one .
The first event was seven years ago when Sebastopol 's Aubergine After Dark nightclub was up and running . When that venue shut down , the yearly party had enough of a regular audience to move to Whiskey Tip in Roseland where it 's become somewhat of a cult classic for Halloween lovers in the area .
The night is worth attending even if you went to prom and loved it . Instead of spending the night limited by high school rules , or waiting for someone to spike the punch , you 'll get to spend the night with the 21-and-over crowd and buy as many drinks as you want without having to sneak them past a chaperone .
Details : 8 p.m. Friday , Oct. 13 , Whiskey Tip , 1910 Sebastopol Road , Santa Rosa . Admission : $ 12 . Information : tinyurl.com/yawodord
___
COVER SONG SHUFFLE : As someone who has an eclectic musical library , I 'd never thought I 'd see a day where a live band would have a set list that could keep up with the different styles of music on my iPod shuffle . Yet , San Francisco band Neon Velvet plays covers of modern tunes from artists such as Justin Timberlake and Kesha , to David Bowie and Depeche Mode .
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism Pause
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
1:42 Water gushes at California 's Lake Oroville dam
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
1:36 2016 's worst red-light runners
2:06 Mayor , residents react to Wal-Mart 's decision to not build a store in Atascadero
1:29 Hiking Boucher Trail at Piedras Blancas
1:44 SLO County rock climbers take on Cabrillo Peak
0:28 Atascadero Creek threatens nearby home
My Dirkx grandparents immigrated to America from Holland in the 1880s . Neither of them learned English very well . Once , a neighbor girl wronged one of my then-young aunts . Later that day , the neighbor girl came to Gram 's door saying they wanted to apologize .
Gram was unfamiliar with the word “ apologize. ” “ Apolyize ! ” they shouted , “ I 'll apolyize you with a broom stick. ” The lesson here is : If you ca n't understand what the other guy is saying , things will probably get worse .
i
So I was pleased to read a nice story in Sunday 's Tribune about one of the elementary schools in my hometown , Paso Robles . That school teaches its pupils in two languages , English and Spanish .
I envy those pupils . I can only speak and understand English , and I wish I could speak a second language . If more of us Earth people could speak each other 's languages , we 'd probably have fewer misunderstandings and wars .
The school I read about is Georgia Brown Elementary in the far northwestern corner of Paso Robles . It 's now teaching 608 boys and girls in both English and Spanish . Georgia Brown has also become the district 's biggest elementary school . Its story was on Sunday 's front page .
Georgia Brown uses a teaching system called “ dual-language immersion. ” Half of its pupils come from English-speaking families and half from Spanish-speaking families . For first , second and third grades , 90 percent of the teaching is in Spanish and 10 percent in English . For the fourth and fifth grades , each language gets 50 percent of the teaching time .
The curriculum starts heavily weighted toward Spanish because English is such a dominant language in schools .
The 90-10 ratio for the first three years apparently gets good results .
Pacheco Elementary School in San Luis Obispo is also a dual-language immersion school . It formerly used a 50-50 ratio for all five years , but then two years ago switched its first three years to the 90-10 ratio .
The Georgia Brown and Pacheco elementary schools are the only dual-language immersion schools in this county . They are trying to prepare our younger generations to live on a planet that seems to become smaller and smaller every year but has an ever-increasing population .
When I was born in 1930 , the Earth 's population totaled only 2 billion . Wikipedia says it 's now 7.49 billion . By the year 2100 it may reach 11.2 billion .
We also do n't show any signs of learning to get along with one another other . It might help if more of us learned to speak other people 's languages .
LEGASPI CITY— “ Instead of an award , recognition or at least commendation , I am now the subject of persecution by the very organization ...
DENVER — Brandon Crawford kept up their May hitting surge by lining a pair of singles , Gorkys Hernandez had a diving catch in centre field to thwart a rally , and the San Francisco Giants avoided being swept with a 7-4 win over the Colorado Rockies on Wednesday night .
Crawford was 2 for 5 with an RBI . He 's hitting .412 this month , raising their season average from .189 to .307 .
Derek Holland ( 3-6 ) settled down after giving up a three-run homer to Nolan Arenado in the first . The left-hander allowed four runs in five innings to help the Giants snap a three-game skid .
The Giants ' bullpen allowed three hits the rest of the way , with Hunter Strickland getting Arenado to pop up to end the game and earn their 11th save .
Between four strikeouts , Evan Longoria delivered a run-scoring triple in the fifth off reliever Harrison Musgrave ( 0-1 ) that staked the Giants to a 5-4 lead . Over the three-game series , Longoria also had two homers and two doubles .
Hernandez hauled in the catch of the night in the fifth with two on and two out . They dove to snare a sinking liner by Carlos Gonzalez , who tossed their batting helmet in frustration .
Jon Gray turned in their shortest outing of the season at 3 1/3 innings . They walked two straight batters with the bases loaded in the fourth to allow the Giants tie the score at 4 . Musgrave entered and the Rockies got out of the tight spot when Andrew McCutchen 's liner was dropped by Trevor Story , who then began a double play .
Pablo Sandoval started at second base a day after Kelby Tomlinson committed three errors . Sandoval had an RBI single in the second .
Tomlinson entered the game in the fifth .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
同意 AGREE
如果您繼續閱讀，視同您同意我們隱私條款。This website uses cookies to improve user experience . By clicking agree you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy ..
3
Rating :
TOMMY 'S HONOUR , about the beginnings of modern golf and the young man responsible for that , unfolds with the same stately grace of that game . It 's an admirable effort , rather than one that will get the adrenaline pumping , with fine performances , albeit ones that seem muted amid the prevailing decorum of 19th-century Britain .
It was a time when gentlemen played golf in red coats and silk hats , and their minions , who kept the greens , fashioned the golf balls , and carried the clubs for them , knew their place in the scheme of things . Until Tommy Morris ( Jack Lowden ) that is , a likable lad set to inherit the job of greenskeeper of the fabled St. Andrews course in Scotland from their father , Tom ( Peter Mullan ) . Tommy dreams of something more than scraping by on the largesse of their betters , represented by the president of St. Andrews , Alexander Boothby ( Sam Neill ) . Particularly with the custom of those betters hiring caddies for a pittance to compete against one another on the course , like so many race horses on a track , and winning large sums on the side bets they make with one another . Tom , in a revolutionary turn , decides that since they are doing the work , they should be pocketing the lion 's share . That they are acknowledged as the finest golfer in the world , and is being courted by and English promoter interested in turning golf into a spectator sport rather than a nobleman 's pastime , gives them the edge they need to convince Boothby , whom they confront not just with political rhetoric , but also with the temerity to use the man 's front door before doing so . It also puts them at odds with their father , who can not abide their son upsetting the status quo .
Lowden is a remarkable blend of innocence and determination , giving Tommy 's budding romance with Meg Drinnan ( Ophelia Lovibond ) , a local waiter a few years their elder , the quality of both blind folly and of unexpected nobility as they remain loyal to them despite Meg 's misgivings , and , worse , the disapproval of their pious mother . As a source of conflict , it becomes secondary to the ongoing troubles Tommy has with their cantankerous father . Mullan , one of the finest actors working today , rises above a character who is merely parochial in their views or controlling in their nature . The limitations , social and financial , that they seek to impose upon their son , becomes an expression of deep love and concern , misguided but ultimately well-meaning . They are always the most arresting presence on screen , harboring dark undercurrents , and outshining even the formidable Neill as they live up to their introduction in the first moments of the film , rising bewhiskered from the surf like a sea god .
TOMMY 'S HONOUR is a rife with delightful facts about the invention of the golf bag , and proper use of the clubs . Fans of golf will find much to enjoy . Fans of character study will not be disappointed in the fine careful details of Scottish country life .
`` , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 970x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 728x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 57_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 55_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 2_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } ] , '' other_square_desktop '' : [ { `` targeting '' : { `` IOM '' : [ `` 300x600_5000 '' ] , '' ix_id '' : [ `` _VY8yOJVM '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' certification testing : 5_5000 ( 1520325519 ) `` , '' size '' : [ 300,600 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' IndexExchangeHtb '' } ] } , '' page '' : [ ] } ; } if ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' & & demand ! = null ) { updateIXrender ( demand ) ; } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol : ( typeof location.protocol ! = 'undefined ' ) ? location.protocol.substring ( 0 , location.protocol.indexOf ( ' : ' ) ) : 'http ' , server : 'adserver.adtech.de ' , network : '1695.1 ' , params : { loc : '100 ' } } ; ADTECH.config.placements [ 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop ' ] = { responsive : { useresponsive : true , bounds : [ { id : 'neutralisation_square ' , min : 0 , max : 899 } , { id : 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_tablet ' , min : 900 , max : 1279 } , { id : 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop ' , min : 1280 , max : 9999 } ] } , sizeid : '170 ' , fif : { usefif : true , disableFriendlyFlag : true } , params : { target : '_blank ' } , kv : ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' ) ? Object.assign ( { `` site '' : `` www.rugbyrama.fr '' , '' position '' : `` square '' , '' page '' : `` story '' , '' sport '' : `` 44 '' , '' agency '' : `` 145 '' , '' topic '' : `` 100 '' , '' sponso '' : `` off '' , '' content '' : `` 6833089 '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } , HBKEYVALUES [ getHtSlotName ( `` other_square_desktop '' , '' other_square_tablet '' , '' other_square_mobile '' ) ] ) : { `` site '' : `` www.rugbyrama.fr '' , '' position '' : `` square '' , '' page '' : `` story '' , '' sport '' : `` 44 '' , '' agency '' : `` 145 '' , '' topic '' : `` 100 '' , '' sponso '' : `` off '' , '' content '' : `` 6833089 '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } } ; ADTECH.enqueueAd ( 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop ' ) ; ADTECH.executeQueue ( ) ; } if ( window.headertag ! = undefined ) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand ( [ { htSlotName : getHtSlotName ( `` other_square_desktop '' , '' other_square_tablet '' , '' other_square_mobile '' ) } ] , lazyLoadedIX ) ; } else { console.error ( 'Wrapper is not loaded , let\ 's just carry on with the request ' ) ; lazyLoadedIX ( null ) ; } } -- > '' , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 970x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 728x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 57_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 55_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 2_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } ] , '' other_square_desktop '' : [ { `` targeting '' : { `` IOM '' : [ `` 300x600_5000 '' ] , '' ix_id '' : [ `` _VY8yOJVM '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' certification testing : 5_5000 ( 1520325519 ) `` , '' size '' : [ 300,600 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' IndexExchangeHtb '' } ] } , '' page '' : [ ] } ; } if ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' & & demand ! = null ) { updateIXrender ( demand ) ; } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol : ( typeof location.protocol ! = 'undefined ' ) ? location.protocol.substring ( 0 , location.protocol.indexOf ( ' : ' ) ) : 'http ' , server : 'adserver.adtech.de ' , network : '1695.1 ' , params : { loc : '100 ' } } ; ADTECH.config.placements [ 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop ' ] = { responsive : { useresponsive : true , bounds : [ { id : 'neutralisation_square ' , min : 0 , max : 899 } , { id : 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_tablet ' , min : 900 , max : 1279 } , { id : 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop ' , min : 1280 , max : 9999 } ] } , sizeid : '1761 ' , fif : { usefif : true , disableFriendlyFlag : true } , params : { target : '_blank ' } , kv : ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' ) ? Object.assign ( { `` site '' : `` www.rugbyrama.fr '' , '' position '' : `` middle '' , '' page '' : `` story '' , '' sport '' : `` 44 '' , '' agency '' : `` 145 '' , '' topic '' : `` 100 '' , '' sponso '' : `` off '' , '' content '' : `` 6833089 '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } , HBKEYVALUES [ getHtSlotName ( `` other_middle_desktop '' , '' other_middle_tablet '' , '' other_middle_mobile '' ) ] ) : { `` site '' : `` www.rugbyrama.fr '' , '' position '' : `` middle '' , '' page '' : `` story '' , '' sport '' : `` 44 '' , '' agency '' : `` 145 '' , '' topic '' : `` 100 '' , '' sponso '' : `` off '' , '' content '' : `` 6833089 '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } } ; ADTECH.enqueueAd ( 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop ' ) ; ADTECH.executeQueue ( ) ; } if ( window.headertag ! = undefined ) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand ( [ { htSlotName : getHtSlotName ( `` other_middle_desktop '' , '' other_middle_tablet '' , '' other_middle_mobile '' ) } ] , lazyLoadedIX ) ; } else { console.error ( 'Wrapper is not loaded , let\ 's just carry on with the request ' ) ; lazyLoadedIX ( null ) ; } } -- >
On Being A Mother
The actor told the daily , `` So you see , the day is fully packed . And mine is a 27-hour long day . My kids are very noisy , making me run around the house [ all the time ] and not letting me work . But , I 've never known patience the way I have it today . I 'm surprised and amazed . We 've become kids with our kids . ''
Kashmira Loves Baby Talking
`` We ( actor Krushna Abhishek and she ) used to find other parents irritating when they would do the baby talk or show their baby 's pictures to everyone around them all the time . I 'm one of those irritating parents now . ''
They Balance Work & Motherhood
`` In fact , if anything , I want to work harder because I want my kids to know that their mum is a director , a fighter , a survivor ! They should know that I have made a name in this industry with no backing . I want them to be proud of me and everything that I 've done , so I am striving each day to do good roles and make better films . ''
Breaking The Stereotype
`` Everywhere in TV and films , actors who become mothers , are treated differently . Suddenly , people will be like , ‘ Oh , she 's a mom , so they ca n't play a sex symbol role . ''
Kashmira Is Proud Of These Actresses
`` But I feel that actors like Kareena Kapoor Khan and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan have changed this notion . [ The late ] Sridevi changed it years ago . So , I think slowly , the women of this industry are changing the norms and I 'm proud to be one of them . ''
We have four veterinarians who see large and small animals and exotics . In addition , our clinic offers an in-house laboratory , digital radiography , ultrasound , laser surgery and therapy , microchip services , boarding , a Pet Taxi that will pick up your pet at home , as well as ambulatory trucks are available .
We are a walk-in clinic with regular hours Monday through Saturday , as well as 24-hour emergency services . Please visit our website at www.kinslowvetclinic.com or call our office at 615-444-9424 with any questions .
We are happy to call Wilson County home and are proud to be your hometown veterinary clinic .
CTV Vancouver
Police are still searching for a suspect after a man was shot in broad daylight in Maple Ridge Sunday .
The incident occurred around 5 p.m. in the driveway of a home on Dewdney Trunk Road near 203rd Street .
`` My sister-in-law phoned and said there was a shooting up there , and then I talked to my grandson this morning and they said they heard a pop-pop and some squealing , '' a woman who lives nearby told CTV News .
A worker in a nearby store said a woman ran in and told them someone had been shot and asked them to call 911 .
According to police , the shooting was targeted and there is no threat to public safety .
A man in the neighbourhood said they were surprised to hear the sirens and see that the police tape were due to a shooting .
`` This is usually a pretty quiet neighbourhood , '' they said . `` The most traffic that we get is on Sundays when church is in session . ''
The man who was shot is still recovering in hospital .
Police have not made any arrests so far .
With a report from CTV 's Nafeesa Karim .
Lupita Nyong ' o SHUT IT DOWN on the red carpet at the Star Wars : The Last Jedi premiere on Saturday night .
The Oscar winner is giving us some serious space galaxy chic in this sparkly emerald Halpern gown…and peep that slit !
They finished off their look with Jimmy Choo heels and Tiffany & Company jewels .
Here are a few other angles :
# LupitaNyongo # Lupita # TheLastJedi # StarWars # MoviePriemere # allthingsfiery_atf # allthingsfiery # atfcelebs # celebrityfashion A post shared by ATF ( @ fieryaccessories ) ( @ allthingsfiery_atf ) on Dec 10 , 2017 at 5:34am PST
Girl…may the force be with you !
And of course , Twitter was here for the queen :
lupita nyong ' o is slaying at # TheLastJedi premiere LOOK AT Them pic.twitter.com/o2uLUW9bJb — 🥀 ( @ blutjeans ) December 10 , 2017
can you believe lupita invented every single shade of green pic.twitter.com/ow190s2zu5 — lauren ( @ sansastcrk ) December 10 , 2017
Again . WHY IS THERE NO ROM COM STARRING LUPITA https : //t.co/CkxlzkWUK5 — David Dennis Jr. ( @ DavidDTSS ) December 10 , 2017
Word .
It 's not a secret that Lupita is having a great winter . Not only does their anticipated film The Last Jedi hits theaters on December 15 , she 's also landed their fourth Vogue cover , serving up face on the January issue .
# LupitaNyongo with the effortless slay on their 4th # Vogue cover 😍🙌🏽 # BlackGirlMagic push thru ✨ A post shared by The Shade Room ( @ theshaderoom ) on Dec 7 , 2017 at 1:10pm PST
Oh and just reminder :
https : //twitter.com/hansoleaux/status/939895091761528833
We can not wait !
RELATED NEWS :
Lupita Nyong ' o Covers January Issue Of ‘ Vogue '
HAUTE OR NAUGHT : Check Out Naomie Harris ' New Bob Cut
HAUTE OR NAUGHT : Fantasia 's Peachy Perfection
Benin – Bendel Insurance Football Club of Benin on Wednesday defeated visiting J-Atete FC of Warri 1-0 in a 2017/2018 Nigeria National League ( NNL ) fixture .
Micheal Enaruna scored the only goal in the 71st minute of the game played at the University of Benin Sports Complex .
The News Agency of Nigeria reports that Bendel Insurance , with the result , are currently topping their group of the league with 11 points from five matches .
Speaking after the match , Insurance FC 's Head Coach Baldwin Bazuaye commended their team 's performance throughout the 90 minutes of play .
Bendel Insurance will in an away match take on Akwa Starlets FC of Uyo on Saturday . ( NAN )
Newly Discovered Slingshot Malware Hides in Routers
Researchers at Kaspersky Lab have discovered a sophisticated advanced persistent threat ( APT ) that has been used for cyber espionage in the Middle East and Africa from at least 2012 until February this year .
Dubbed 'Slingshot , ' the malware attacks and infects its targets through compromised routers and can run in kernel mode , giving it full control over users ' devices .
Several of the techniques employed by the cyber criminals behind Slingshot are unique , and researchers say it is highly effective at stealthy information gathering , hiding its traffic in marked data packets that it can intercept without trace from everyday communications .
To date , researchers have seen approximately 100 victims of Slingshot and its related modules , located in Kenya , Yemen , Afghanistan , Libya , Congo , Jordan , Turkey , Iraq , Sudan , Somalia and Tanzania .
The majority of victims appear to be targeted individuals , although public sector organizations and institutions have fallen victim too . Kenya and Yemen account for most of the victims found so far .
A Highly Advanced Intruder
Slingshot was discovered after researchers found a suspicious keylogger program and created a behavioral detection signature to see if the code appeared anywhere else , says the company .
This then triggered a detection that turned out to be an infected PC with a suspicious file inside the system folder named scesrv.dll . Upon further investigation , the file showed that despite appearing legitimate , the scesrv.dll module had malicious code embedded into it . Since this library is loaded by ‘ services.exe , ' a process that has system privileges , the poisoned library gained the same rights .
A highly advanced intruder had found its way into the very core of the computer , the researchers say .
Alexey Shulmin , lead malware analyst at Kaspersky Lab , describes Slingshot as a sophisticated threat that uses a wide array of tools and techniques , including kernel mode modules that have to date only been seen in the most advanced predators . The functionality is highly valuable and profitable for the attackers , which could explain why it has been around for at least six years .
Cyberespionage
Cyber espionage appears to be the main aim of Slingshot , with analysis suggesting it harvests screenshots , keyboard data , network data , passwords , USB connections , other desktop activity , clipboard data and more . Its kernel access effectively means it can steal whatever it wants .
The APT also features a variety of obfuscation techniques to help it evade detection . These include encrypting all strings in its modules , calling system services directly in order to bypass security product hooks , using a number of anti-debugging techniques and selecting which process to inject depending on the installed and running security solution processes .
Prevention Is Better
To avoid falling victim to this attack , Kaspersky Lab recommends implementing several measures , including using a proven corporate grade security solution in combination with anti-targeted attack .
The company advises users of Mikrotik routers should upgrade to the latest software version as soon as possible to ensure protection against known vulnerabilities .
In addition , it advises businesses to provide security staff with access to the latest threat intelligence data , which will arm them with helpful tools for targeted attack research and prevention , such as indicators of compromise , YARA and customized advanced threat reporting .
© 2018 ITWeb under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media . All rights reserved .
Image credit : iStock .
Blockchain is poised to disrupt financial services and beyond . For community bankers , this is a good thing so long as we start thinking about the ways we can benefit from distributed ledger technology sooner rather than later . In some respects , this will mean pooling our efforts .
Blockchain is most widely known as the platform to house virtual currencies such as bitcoin , ethereum and litecoin . But the uses for blockchain are going well beyond virtual currencies . The Republic of Georgia , for example , voted in April 2016 to implement a land ownership registry that relies on blockchain to verify ownership of property . If the United States did something similar with blockchain , banks could close real estate loans more quickly . Think about a world where ownership interests in real estate can be verified immediately and with certainty .
In this world , the expansive role of the title agent would essentially dissipate ( or be greatly minimized ) , the time taken to verify title would be eliminated and , most importantly , the cost associated with confirming a title interest through title insurance would be dramatically reduced . All of these results would improve the closing process , both from an efficiency standpoint for banks and from a cost standpoint for the customer .
Speaking with one voice helps community banks confront common issues with blockchain development , such as how quickly core vendors ( that community banks rely on for software ) are moving to adopt the technology . Adobe Stock
Technologists are also using blockchain to try to replace our needlessly difficult residential mortgage loan origination processes so that the process , from application to closing , can be reduced from a few weeks to a few days . Blockchain can also serve banks in the realm of the Bank Secrecy Act — where a distributed ledger can allow banks to share information on a publicly accessible ( yet secure ) platform . True , gaining BSA efficiencies by using blockchain would involve a few more hurdles from a regulatory and collaboration standpoint . However , the upside of time and money saved would be significant .
To realize these kinds of opportunities , community banks in a region should collaborate on strategies to bring blockchain into the banking industry .
Often , as community banks , we are unable to hire teams for the establishment of new solutions ; however , we can assign a thought leader on a subject , such as blockchain , and we can coordinate times when the thought leaders from each institution collaborate with one another . For instance , r3 is a consortium of banks that are working together to build a distributed ledger specifically for financial institutions . Community banks should take advantage of opportunities like this to get the most out of the technology .
True , ultimately software and technological solutions are often too expensive for community banks compared to the massive big-brother banks that have the ability to throw a few million dollars at an idea like blockchain just to stay on top of the technology . Furthermore , community banks rely on the big four vendors ( FIS , Fiserv , Jack Henry and D+H ) for core banking software . So it is only through the core banking vendors that we can penetrate this new technology at a speed similar to our much larger competitors . Therefore , we need to begin discussions with these larger vendors now . We must let them know we are watching and we are interested . The vendors need to hear this message from multiple banks , and when they do , they will be as interested as we are .
Rest assured , these vendors already know what blockchain is , but they need to understand that we want to benefit from the technology — that we do not want to be caught in the dust when larger banks begin to implement it .
Blockchain is a technology that is coming , and our imagination is the limit to how much value it will provide . But we will only realize these efficiencies if we work together .
Thirteen-year-old Benje Choucroun , visiting the White House press room Wednesday to report for the Time for Kids program , had a question for press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders .
`` At my school , we recently had a lockdown drill , '' Choucroun says in a video of the exchange , as they read from a piece of paper . `` One thing that affects mine and other students ' mental health is the worry about the fact that we or our friends could get shot at school . Specifically , can you tell me what the administration has done and will do to prevent these senseless tragedies ? ''
The normally unflappable Sanders , a mother of three , seems taken aback in the video .
“ As a kid and certainly as a parent , there is nothing that can be more terrifying than a kid to go to school and not feel safe , '' they say , their voice quavering .
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Regaining their composure , Sanders continues , “ This administration takes it seriously , and the school safety commission that the president convened is meeting this week again in an official meeting to discuss the best way forward and how we can do every single thing within our power to protect kids in our schools , and make them feel safe and their parents feel good about dropping them off . ''
Choucroun , a student at Marin Country Day School in Corte Madera , California , is in Washington , D.C. , covering the White House sports and fitness day for Time for Kids , reported USA Today .
Time editor-in-chief Edward Felsenthal praised Choucroun on Twitter for the exchange , calling it “ a great question . ”
Proud today that @ time has a deep bench . Great question from TFK kid reporter Benje Choucroun . https : //t.co/sZI3Ox7VoT — Edward Felsenthal ( @ efelsenthal ) May 30 , 2018
MADISON , Wis. ( AP ) -- Republican lawmakers are proposing a way to pay for rebuilding Interstate 94 around Milwaukee after Gov . Scott Walker and the Legislature scrapped the project .
Three lawmakers on Thursday unveiled a bill that would put $ 25 million toward reviving the I-94 project between the Marquette and Zoo interchanges just to the west of Milwaukee .
Walker abandoned the project expected to cost about $ 1 billion after the Legislature did n't put any funding toward it .
Walker said Thursday they had not seen the bill and that drivers in the Milwaukee area needed a break from road construction on the highly traveled interstate .
Walker 's administration asked the Federal Highway Administration to pull approval for the project after it was not funded in the state budget .
Luton Town manager Nathan Jones was very happy to take a point from today 's 1-1 draw at play-off rivals Mansfield Town .
“ With the scale of the game and what it meant I think a point was pretty much a fair result , ” they said as Luton drew a second time over Easter .
“ It was a dangerous game to come into and I thought we acquitted ourselves fantastically well .
“ We negated them to threats from literally only set plays and we controlled the ball .
“ But the frustrating thing was we conceded from being sloppy at a set play again . It was a second ball , it came out and there was no marking on the edge of the box and we let a runner go .
Click HERE to read the match report
“ Apart from that we were not under any real pressure . We knew they 'd knock the ball long . I ca n't remember them creating much apart from late on .
“ They are a very energetic front foot side that do n't get beaten much . We probably just needed a bit more killer instinct in the first half . ”
They added : “ We got in some great areas and counter-attacked well , but we have to be more ruthless sometimes – they want to score a perfect goal instead of just pulling the trigger .
“ Sometimes it looks wonderful but I just want to win football matches .
“ They are a young group and I have to keep telling them how good they are . We have a long way to go before we become a complete side . It 's a work in progress . ”
With the top three automatic promotion places now sealed , Luton hope to join them via the play-offs .
“ Congratulations to Portsmouth and Plymouth , they are further down the line than we are , ” they said .
“ We are a year behind them . But hopefully we can get up through the play-offs . ”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
It 's been 10 years since you said goodbye to Troy , Gabriella , and the Wildcats in High School Musical 3 : Senior Year . To celebrate this big anniversary , you should obviously gather your BFFs and watch the film , which is coming to Netflix on May 1 . If you prefer something animated over Zac Efron 's famous HSM hair , Disney and Pixar 's Coco will also be streaming on Netflix beginning on May 29 .
Other programs you might be interested in : Tina Fey on My Next Guest Needs No Introduction With David Letterman ( May 4 ) , The Break with Michelle Wolf ( every Sunday beginning May 27 ) , season four of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt ( May 30 ) , Ali Wong : Hard Knock Wife ( May 13 ) , and Mamma Mia ! ( May 16 ) . Several TV shows will also make their way to Netflix in May , but no specific dates have been confirmed : Arrow ( season six ) , Dynasty ( season one ) , Riverdale ( season two ) , Supernatural ( season one ) , and The Flash ( season four ) .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
NEW ON NETFLIX IN MAY
May 1 :
27 : Gone Too Soon
A Life of Its Own : The Truth About Medical Marijuana
Amelie
Barbie Dreamhouse Adventures : Season 1
Beautiful Girls
Darc
God 's Own Country
Hachi : A Dog 's Tale
Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay
Hellboy II : The Golden Army
High School Musical 3 : Senior Year
John Mulaney : Kid Gorgeous Live at Radio City - NETFLIX ORIGINAL
Mr. Woodcock
My Perfect Romance
Pocoyo & Cars
Pocoyo & The Space Circus
Queens of Comedy : Season 1
Reasonable Doubt
Red Dragon
Scream 2
Shrek
Simon : Season 1
Sliding Doors
Sometimes - NETFLIX FILM
The Bourne Ultimatum
The Carter Effect
The Clapper
The Reaping
The Strange Name Movie
Yu-Gi-Oh ! Arc-V : Season 2
May 2
Jailbreak
May 4
A Little Help with Carol Burnett - NETFLIX ORIGINAL
Anon - NETFLIX FILM
Busted ! : Season 1 - NETFLIX ORIGINAL
Dear White People : Volume 2 - NETFLIX ORIGINAL
End Game - NETFLIX ORIGINAL
Forgive Us Our Debts - NETFLIX FILM
Kong : King of the Apes : Season 2 - NETFLIX ORIGINAL
Manhunt - NETFLIX FILM
My Next Guest Needs No Introduction With David Letterman : Tina Fey - NETFLIX ORIGINAL
No Estoy Loca
The Rain : Season 1 - NETFLIX ORIGINAL
May 5
Face Places
May 6
The Joel McHale Show with Joel McHale ( season one finale May 13 ) - NETFLIX ORIGINAL
May 8
Desolation
Hari Kondabolu : Warn Your Relatives - NETFLIX ORIGINAL
May 9
Dirty Girl
May 11
Bill Nye Saves the World : Season 3 - NETFLIX ORIGINAL
Evil Genius : the True Story of America 's Most Diabolical Bank Heist - NETFLIX ORIGINAL
Spirit Riding Free : Season 5 - NETFLIX ORIGINAL
The Kissing Booth - NETFLIX FILM
The Who Was ? Show : Season 1 - NETFLIX ORIGINAL
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
May 13
Ali Wong : Hard Knock Wife - NETFLIX ORIGINAL
May 14
The Phantom of the Opera
May 15
Girlfriends ' Guide to Divorce : Season 4
Grand Designs : Seasons 13 - 14
Only God Forgives
The Game 365 : Seasons 15 - 16
May 16
89
Mamma Mia !
The 40-Year-Old Virgin
The Kingdom
Wanted
May 18
Cargo - NETFLIX FILM
Catching Feelings - NETFLIX FILM
Inspector Gadget : Season 4 - NETFLIX ORIGINAL
May 19
Bridge to Terabithia
Disney 's Scandal : Season 7
Small Town Crime
May 20
Some Kind of Beautiful
May 21
Señora Acero : Season 4
May 22
Mob Psycho 100 : Season 1 - NETFLIX ORIGINAL
Shooter : Season 2
Terrace House : Opening New Doors : Part 2 - NETFLIX ORIGINAL
Tig Notaro Happy To Be Here - NETFLIX ORIGINAL
May 23
Explained - NETFLIX ORIGINAL
May 24
Fauda : Season 2 - NETFLIX ORIGINAL
Survivors Guide to Prison
May 25
Ibiza - NETFLIX FILM
Steve Martin and Martin Short : An Evening You Will Forget for the Rest of Your Life - NETFLIX ORIGINAL
The Toys That Made Us : Season 2 - NETFLIX ORIGINAL
Trollhunters : Part 3 - NETFLIX ORIGINAL
May 26
Sara 's Notebook - NETFLIX FILM
May 27
The Break with Michelle Wolf - NETFLIX ORIGINAL
May 29
Disney·Pixar 's Coco
May 30
Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt : Season 4 - NETFLIX ORIGINAL
May 31
Bombshell : The Hedy Lamarr Story
My Next Guest Needs No Introduction With David Letterman : Howard Stern - NETFLIX ORIGINAL
Miramax Films
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
LEAVING NETFLIX IN MAY
May 1
Bridget Jones 's Diary
Casper
Chappie
Charlotte 's Web
Field of Dreams
GoodFellas
Ocean 's Eleven
Sahara
Silent Hill
The Exorcism of Emily Rose
The Hurt Locker
To Rome With Love
To Wong Foo , Thanks for Everything ! Julie Newmar
May 2
12 Dates of Christmas
Beauty & the Briefcase
Cadet Kelly
Camp Rock
Camp Rock 2 : The Final Jam
Cow Belles
Cyberbully
Disney 's The Cheetah Girls
Disney 's The Cheetah Girls 2
Disney 's The Cheetah Girls : One World
Frenemies
Geek Charming
Good Luck Charlie : It 's Christmas
Hello Sister , Goodbye Life
High School Musical
High School Musical 2
Jump In !
Lemonade Mouth
Little Einsteins : Seasons 1 - 2
My Fake Fiancé
Phineas and Ferb the Movie : Across the 2nd Dimension
Phineas and Ferb : Seasons 1 - 4
Princess Protection Program
Princess : A Modern Fairytale
Read It and Weep
Revenge of the Bridesmaids
Sharpay 's Fabulous Adventure
Special Agent Oso : Seasons 1 - 2
StarStruck
Teen Spirit
The Secret Life of the American Teenager : Seasons 1 - 5
Wendy Wu : Homecoming Warrior
Wizards of Waverly Place : The Movie
May 7
The Host
May 12
Talladega Nights : The Ballad of Ricky Bobby
May 30
Disney 's The Jungle Book
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach Pause
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion , complexity in California 's new gun laws
1:36 2016 's worst red-light runners
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:31 On election night , Heidi Harmon shared their goals for SLO
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron , as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:24 Woods Humane Society nearly out of animals after Black Friday sale
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear , who died in Grover Beach dog attack
5:10 Tour the oasis of tiki power couple Wendy and Dan Cevola
US oil market confounded by aberrant price moves
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
( CNN ) — It was n't the star-studded red carpet of the Obama years , but a veritable who 's who of politicians and special guests of honor made their way to the White House Tuesday evening for the Trump administration 's first state dinner , with France .
Apple CEO Tim Cook arrived with Apple Vice President Lisa Jackson , who served the Obama administration as Environmental Protection Agency chief .
Media mogul Rupert Murdoch was joined by their wife , Jerry Hall .
Olympic curler John Shuster and women 's hockey player Meghan Duggan passed through , their gold medals in tow .
“ Do you travel with those everywhere ? ” one reporter asked .
“ Most places , yes , ” Duggan said , laughing .
Arriving in a hall adorned with soft white florals and greenery on a trellis , the guests , in black tie attire , passed by reporters and television cameras on their way to the main event .
A tuxedo-clad House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy stopped to tout the “ very strong ” relationship between the United States and France .
“ This is the first state dinner and the time that they have spent together , I think they have built a really strong bond , ” they said .
Other notable guests included members of Louisiana 's congressional delegation and its Democratic Gov . John Bel Edwards , former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger , Republican National Committee Chairwoman Ronna Romney McDaniel , Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts , billionaire David Rubinstein , Maine Gov . Paul LePage , French Ambassador to the US Gerard Araud and other administration officials .
Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner passed through together . Trump said , “ Oui , ” they spoke “ un petit peu ” of French .
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders , in a glamorous black lace gown , their hair in an updo , joked that they are n't taking questions .
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and their wife , Louise Linton , were among the attendees . Linton , clad in a slinky silver Cavalli gown , told reporters they were excited for “ everything French . ”
Other Cabinet secretaries included Defense Secretary James Mattis and Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen , as well as national security adviser John Bolton and National Economic Council director Larry Kudlow .
Cabinet secretaries not in attendance included embattled Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt ; Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke , who is under investigation by their department 's inspector general regarding reassignment of senior executive staffers and their use of military and private aircraft ; Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson , who recently faced criticism for spending ; and Attorney General Jeff Sessions , who is a frequent subject of President Donald Trump 's public frustration . Secretaries Alex Azar , Alexander Acosta , Rick Perry , Sonny Perdue and Betsy DeVos were also not in attendance . The White House did not comment on whether they had been invited to the intimate event .
Trump and first lady Melania Trump greeted the Macrons at the front door of the White House as they arrived from nearby Blair House .
The first lady paid homage to France with a Chanel Haute Couture gown , hand-painted with silver and embroidered with crystals and sequins .
They held the President 's hand as the couples walked inside .
The dinner will be in the White House State Dining Room , which can accommodate between 100 and 150 guests . The menu will feature American cuisine with nuances of French influence .
This is the 14th time the White House has hosted France for a state dinner , per the White House Historical Association .
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2018 Cable News Network , Inc. , a Time Warner Company . All rights reserved .
Question of the Week 1 : April 13 , 2017
“ Neil , how can I get my lawn to thicken up and be beautiful this year ? It 's never looked very good .
I hear this many times every spring and summer . I 'm going to point out the shortfalls I see people making most commonly in the hopes they will help you get better results .
Here are 6 steps to healthier turf…
1 . Be certain there 's enough sunlight . Remember that no sod farm is in the shade – all grasses grow best in full sun .
Bermuda lawns need at least 6 to 8 hours of hot , direct sunlight daily during the growing season . More would be better .
Zoysias need 6 hours of sunlight .
St. Augustine needs 5 or 6 hours in North Texas , and 4 hours in South Texas . ( Less there because it rarely goes dormant due to warmer winter temperatures , and it does n't have to ramp up new growth in the spring .
2 . Mow at the correct height . Some people have the mistaken idea that they should “ mow high. ” Some even tell me that they have their mowers set on the highest option available . That 's usually upwards of 4 inches , while the recommended mowing height for bermuda is 1-1/4 and St. Augustine 2 to 2-1/2 inches . Tall grass quickly weakens and allows weeds to invade .
3 . Mow regularly so that you never remove more than 1/3 of the grass blades ' length . That may translate to 4- or 5-day intervals in summer .
Continued Below
Advertisement
4 . Water deeply , then let top of soil dry somewhat before you water again . Many people apply water in small bursts of 10 or 20 minutes every day without knowing how deeply it penetrates or whether their ground is staying way too wet .
5 . Apply an all-nitrogen fertilizer that has half or more of that nitrogen in slow-release form for sustained feeding . Fertilize in early April , early June and early September for St. Augustine . Feed bermuda every two months beginning now and ending in early October .
6 . Watch for common pest problems . Bermuda mites , grub worms and cottony blight bother bermuda . Take all root rot , gray leaf spot , chinch bugs , brown patch and possibly white grub worms attack St. Augustine , somewhat in that chronological sequence from spring until fall .
Posted by Neil Sperry
Leadership feuds break out among Germany 's rightwing populists
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
The National Food Production Battle implemented under the guidance of President Maithripala Sirisena , will commence today ( 6th Oct. ) , With the aim of taking forward the national food production program , challenged by the climate changes , with a new strength continuously in a sustainable manner to revive the agricultural sector of the country .
The inauguration of this program will be marked by having the ‘ National Wap Magul Ceremony ' under the patronage of President Maithripala Sirisena at 8.30 am near the Thibbotuwawa Tank , Kekirava , and it is expected to launch many program across the country while declaring 6th October to 12th October as the National Food Production week .
6th October , the first day of Food Production Week campaign has been designated as the Farmers ' Day , and many programs , including the distribution of seed paddy to farmers , rehabilitation of 2,000 acres of coconut lands , launching of Mahaweli Agri Project plan for 2017 / 18 , implementation of special programs for the development of home gardening , presentation of 2,500 title deeds to the Mahaweli farming community , tree planting programs , conducting seminars and training programs regarding new agri technology , distribution of equipment to promote the production of organic fertilizer , will be implemented throughout the country .
7th October will be Students ' Day and the inauguration ceremony of this will be held at the Siyane National School , Gampaha under the patronage of Minister of Education . The Ministry of Education stated that under three categories : National food production , toxins free food production , prevention of food wastage , several programs will be implemented covering all the 10,353 schools of the country .
8th October is the Livestock Day . The inauguration of this day will be held at the Genetic Resources Centre in Peradeniya . Many extensive national programs including dairy industry development projects will be implemented for the development of the livestock Field .
9th October has been designated as the Entrepreneurs ' Day , and the inauguration ceremony of this Day will be held at the premises of the Talawila Church in the North Western Province and the Andaulpatha Village in Mahiyangana in Uva Province . A number of programs will be implemented across the country to encourage the primary industrialists and entrepreneurs .
10th October is the Fisheries Day , and the Ministry of Fisheries stated that a special program will be implemented to release one million fish for breeding purposes .
The inauguration of this Day will be marked by opening of the Fish Breeding Center in Kallarawa , built at a cost of Rs 200 million . Especially implementation of programs to increase the fish consumption among the people in the Hill Country and the Estate sector , programs for the development of livelihood as well as for creation of employment opportunities will be accelerated .
11th October is the Public Servants Day , and the inauguration ceremony in this regard will be held at the Auditorium of Sabaragamuwa Provincial Council and Ratnapura District Secretariat .
12th October is named as Diyawara Day , and the main ceremonies in this regard will be held near the Muruthawela Tank and near Urusita veva in Embilipitiya .
Meanwhile , the Ministry of Mahaweli Development has organized many programs to get the active participation of the Mahaweli community for this program .
In the Mahaweli zone , there are an estimated 150,000 irrigation lands and all those lands are expected to be used for this program in a proper manner .
( Government News Portal )
Before knowing the result of the election , I composed my Chairman 's message in the newsletter of the Rectory Society . In it , I noted that Theresa May was the third prime minister in a row to have been brought up in a parsonage house . The first was Gordon Brown , son of the Scottish manse . The second was David Cameron , inhabitant of an old rectory owned by their stockbroker father . And now there was Mrs May , only child of a High Anglican vicar in Oxfordshire . ‘ Whatever our political views , ' I went on , ‘ I feel we [ in the Society ] should be proud of the fact that the buildings we love continue to produce unusual people capable of leading our country ' . In the light of subsequent events , I suppose I should have put more emphasis on the word ‘ unusual ' , less on ‘ capable ' . My conclusion was that ‘ The psychology of the parsonage child would make a most interesting study . ' I stick by that .
Since no one now wants to stand up for ‘ Theresa May and their team ' , I have been trying to find out a bit more about how the wreckage looks from their point of view . On the one hand were Mrs May and their advisers , led by Nick Timothy , determined to have proper policy in the manifesto in order to get a popular mandate . Mrs May 's mantra was ‘ I want to be different ' , addressing difficult questions which had been postponed for too long — notably social care . The policies were not chucked in without thought at the last minute : they had been developed intensively ever since Mrs May became Prime Minister . On the other hand were Crosby Textor and their ‘ testing ' . This reported strongly that voters disliked the Tories but liked Mrs May . Hence the decision to shrink the word ‘ Conservative ' almost to invisibility and encourage Mrs May to say ‘ Vote for me ' . At the time , these two functions seemed complementary . Here was a strong leader with strong policies , different from the game-playing of the past . The country would like it . Crosby Textor framed the campaign accordingly .
But there was a missing bit . Normally , manifesto preparations can be acknowledged . The approach of an election is known . In this case , there had to be secrecy . The most striking thing about the manifesto work is that no minister , apart from Ben Gummer wielding the pen , was involved . Cabinet ministers discussed sections relating to their subjects , but none was present to help produce the whole . So the manifesto was almost as unknown in advance to , say , the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the Foreign Secretary , as to the average voter . I have never heard of this happening before . The salespersons knew incredibly little about the product . Something similar applied to the method of campaigning . Cabinet ministers milled around on the ground floor of CCHQ in Matthew Parker Street dealing with their briefs — Jeremy Hunt on health , for instance — but few reached the fourth floor , where the ideas were being generated . None was consistently involved in strategy or tactics . After a couple of weeks , Mr Timothy was heard to say , ‘ She 's looking very lonely out there . ' Mrs May felt uneasy about all the focus being on her , but by then it was too late . Anything that might have been done to try to change the whole presentation was scuppered by the two terrorist attacks , so serious that they blew all other considerations away .
It does n't seem right — though it can sometimes be fun — to blame advisers . What is truly dysfunctional nowadays are the relations between leaders and their ministerial colleagues , their MPs , and their party in the country . Mrs May depended for victory upon the goodwill and trust of millions of party supporters , thousands of activists , hundreds of candidates and dozens of ministers , yet the spirit of the age told them they had to scorn them in order to win . They asked people to trust her , but did n't trust others . So they did n't win .
On Monday night , David Cameron broke their silence at a comically recherché occasion . They spoke to launch a biography of a schoolmaster ( The Enigma of Kidson by Jamie Blackett , Quiller ) . The subject , Michael Kidson , was a master at Eton in the ex-prime minister 's time . The book contains a photograph of Cameron 's ‘ leaver ' ( the inscribed photograph of themselves that boys give to staff and friends when they leave ) , which they gave to Kidson . Young David stands at the garden gate of their parents ' old rectory ( see above ) . They begin , ‘ I know you think I know less history than your dog [ a celebrity called Dougal ] ' and goes on to say they have little hope of getting into Oxbridge ‘ but the strangest things can happen ' . They did . Other ‘ leavers ' feature , including those from Cornelius Lysaght , Dominic West and the present Archbishop of Canterbury , a mixture of occupations which Kidson enjoyed .
Kidson was the classic eccentric bachelor schoolmaster — potentially a very annoying stereotype . But they were unusual among teachers seriously interested in their subject in preferring pupils who were n't top of the class . So the launch party was largely a gathering of men who happily describe themselves as ‘ thickoes ' , a fact of which Cameron made well-judged play . Eton has a good system by which boys have a ‘ modern tutor ' ( chosen by them ) , who looks after their academic and intellectual welfare outside class . Kidson was genially rude to their pupils , often calling them ‘ completely illiterate ' , but they cared about them . The nicest thing in this book is the way they stuck up for their boys . Of one , who they fear will be thrown out for failing exams , they write to the headmaster : ‘ He is , in my view , a thoroughly good man… They are kind , cheerful , honest , well-liked ; frequent peccadillos ca n't damage the good side . If there were a conventional war tomorrow , you could n't wish for a better companion in a slit trench… To send them away would do them no good , & only put a great load on their mother 's shoulders . ' How much better educated millions of teenagers would be if each had a crusty grown-up who saw it as their job to be their advocate .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Bobby Knight . Don King . Sylvester Stallone .
Many of President-elect Donald Trump 's cultural touchstones , which he 'd frequently name-drop at campaign rallies and on Twitter , were at their peak in the 1980s — the decade Trump 's celebrity status rose in New York , Trump Tower was built , “ The Art of the Deal ” was published and they first flirted with running for public office .
The “ Go Go 1980s ” of New York were spurred by Wall Street 's rise . It was a brash decade in which excess was the norm and ostentatious displays of wealth and power were celebrated in pop culture and among Manhattan 's elite . And while much of what defined the 1980s has since gone out of style , Trump has seemingly internalized its ethos , which is reflected in the decor of the Trump Tower lobby and the celebrities they stood alongside during the campaign .
An outer-borough New York developer trying to prove themselves across the East River , Trump always sought approval of Manhattan 's ruling class and was eager to make a name for himself , according to those who tangled with them during that formative decade .
“ He would relentlessly promote themselves in the newspapers or on TV . They knew how to get press and squash their enemies , ” said Geoge Arzt , press secretary for former New York City Mayor Ed Koch , who served from 1978 to 1989 . The me-first attitude that defined the 1980s “ has long been a part of who Trump is , ” Arzt added .
In the 1980s , as Trump came of age as a public figure , they opened up a refurbished Grand Hyatt on 42nd Street , took over the long-stalled renovation of Central Park 's ice skating rink and purchased the New York-area team in the fledgling United States Football League .
They fashioned themselves into a regular in the gossip pages , playing the city 's tabloids off each other as they promoted their personal brand . They also took their first steps onto the national media stage , making their debut on “ 60 Minutes ” in 1985 . The long-running news magazine broadcast has continued to hold a special place in their heart . Several times at rallies , Trump invoked a “ 60 Minutes ” segment they had just watched and they gave their first post-election interview to the show last month . That show was at its apex in the ratings in the 1980s .
Time Magazine , which also wielded significant clout in the 1980s , also has remained an obsession for Trump .
The celebrity business person , who complained in recent years that they are n't named the magazine 's Person of the Year , received the award in 2016 . They called it a “ very , very great honor. ” That marked their eighth time on the cover this year alone — something that Trump would brag about during campaign rallies . They have taken to giving out autographed copies of the cover to visitors , including rapper Kanye West .
But while West is a current megastar , Trump mostly chose to trot out 1980s celebrities during their campaign , even if many of them had seen their star fade in the ensuing 30 years .
Knight , the former Indiana University basketball coach who captured college basketball national titles in 1981 and 1987 but was later fired for attacking a student , became a favorite sidekick . They first appeared with Trump during the spring 's Indiana primary and reappeared at rallies in the Midwest during the general election stretch run .
“ One of the reasons I won : Bobby Knight ! That 's the gold standard , right ? ” Trump exclaimed in August .
King , the flamboyant boxing promoter who hyped Mike Tyson 's 1980s fights , was also saluted by Trump as “ a phenomenal person ” despite a conviction for manslaughter . King appeared with Trump in September at a Cleveland church and stood with the president-elect last week while Trump was answering questions from the press at their Palm Beach resort .
Trump has been drawn to other 1980s stars . Tyson endorsed the celebrity business person . Actor Scott Baio , an outspoken Trump supporter , reached the zenith of their fame in the 1980s with the shows “ Happy Days ” and “ Charles in Charge. ” And on Saturday , actor Sylvester Stallone — who starred in three “ Rambo ” movies and two “ Rocky ” sequels in the 1980s — was a star guest at Trump 's New Year 's Eve bash at Mar-a-Lago , the lush Florida estate Trump bought in 1985 two years after they opened Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue in New York .
Much of Trump 's political philosophy was formed in the 1980s too . In 1987 as they first floated running for president , they took out a full page ad wondering why the U.S. was “ paying to defend countries that can afford to defend themselves. ” Their frequent depictions of inner cities as dangerous and crime-ridden seem to to harken to the crack-plagued life of urban areas in the 1980s , more than the largely safer big cities of today .
In “ The Art of the Deal , ” they voiced positions on trade they still hold today . That book , which made them a household name when it was published in 1987 , also holds many of the principles that guided Trump 's business career — and , decades later , their bombastic campaign for the White House .
“ I play into people 's fantasies , ” they wrote . “ People may not always think big themselves , but they can still get very excited by those who do . That 's why a little hyperbole never hurts . People want to believe that something is the biggest and the greatest and the most spectacular . ”
Copyright 2016 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Derby County 's form during manager Gary Rowett 's first year in charge was good enough to guarantee a play-off place .
Rowett replaced Steve McClaren as Rams boss in March 2017 .
They oversaw nine games at the end of last season , of which Derby won four , drew three and lost two for a tally of 15 points from a possible 27 .
This season , Derby have collected 62 points from their 37 Championship fixtures .
The total points gained in 46 league games under Rowett is 77 and the average needed in the past 10 seasons to reach the play offs is 73 .
`` It is 46 league games we have had in the year and if you look at our points , 77 , our form over the year would have guaranteed a play-off position , '' said Rowett .
`` After five years of not being guaranteed play-offs , I think that shows a level of improvement but what I think it also shows is that there is still room for improvement .
`` We want to find those missing pieces that can make us a top two team over the course of a season .
`` I have been quite pleased with some of it - a lot of work off the field that people wo n't see - but we have still got a long way to go and a lot of improvement to make . ''
Derby sits fifth in the table , having been in the top six since November .
( Image : Victoria Wilcox )
`` We have a few things that can happen , '' Rowett added .
`` We can miss out on the play-offs , and I am sure everybody would be incredibly disappointed .
`` We could get in the play-offs and do OK , and there be a little bit of disappointment .
`` But we are still in a scenario where we can get in the play-offs and get promoted .
`` So we are still on course to achieve what we want to achieve and that is going to come down to how we do in these last nine games . ''
Derby 's remaining fixtures are Sunderland ( h ) , Preston North End ( a ) , Bolton Wanderers ( h ) , Wolverhampton Wanderers ( a ) , Burton Albion ( a ) , Middlesbrough ( h ) , Aston Villa ( a ) and Barnsley ( h ) .
The home game against Cardiff City that was postponed on Sunday has yet to be rearranged .
Watch Zola confirm their resignation to the media
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City fans received the news that Gianfranco Zola had stepped down from their position as first team manager and it was welcomed gratefully .
The announcement came less than an hour after Blues had been beaten by Burton Albion in what Zola billed as a ‘ must win ' game for the Championship strugglers .
In fact , the stakes were so high for today 's game , one Blues fan made a promise that they are probably living to regret at this precise moment .
Blues fan Harry tweeted : “ If we lose today , I 'll have AVFC tattooed on my forehead . ”
Despite Blues going into game having won just two of their 24 matches under Zola , Harry was clearly confident that their team would get the result .
However , thanks to goals from Lloyd Dyer and Lucas Akins , Harry is now being hounded on social media by fans keen for them to go through with their promise .
They would n't , would he ?
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
RANDY HUGG `` The Morning Mix , '' 6AM-10AM . Local news twice an hour , Hollywood Dirt at 6:30 & 9:30 , Music News at 9:10 .
Northern Ballet starts its new season with an adaptation of The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas – John Boyne 's bestselling novel . This heart-breaking new production premièred in May 2017 and is the first full-length dance adaptation of this world-famous story . Northern Ballet will perform The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas in Leeds for the first time at West Yorkshire Playhouse from 5 – 9 September 2017 .
Telling the story of an unlikely friendship blossoming through the disturbing events of World War II , The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas sees a child 's innocent curiosity lead to a devastating conclusion . Previously adapted for a 2008 film by Miramax , this world-first dance adaptation is choreographed by Northern Ballet 's Artistic Associate Daniel de Andrade and features an original score by Oscar-nominated composer Gary Yershon .
The original storytelling ballet company , Northern Ballet is renowned for creating bold new work challenging the perceptions of what stories can be told through dance . With its company of exceptional dance actors , Northern Ballet is adept at bringing challenging and provocative stories to life through dance .
Daniel de Andrade said : ‘ I was challenged to develop new storytelling techniques which reflect the first-person perspective of the book without shying away from representing the stark reality of the story 's setting . I was very conscious of doing justice to the tension between darkness and innocence in the original , without sanitising the awful events at its heart . '
Tickets are on sale now and can be booked by contacting the Box Office on 0113 213 7700 .
A major fundraiser for those who provide support to the homeless population in Nevada County . The Empty Bowl event is the second largest fundraiser of the year for Hospitality House . Along with those donating towards the cause , a number of guests at Hospitality House also attended the event .
Kymber said the event helps others see that just because someone is homeless , does n't mean they are bad .
Listen to Kymber
Debra said that Hospitality House has helped them more than once .
Listen to Debra
Randi shared why Hospitality House is so important .
Listen to Randi
Kymber stating they would have no place else to go without Hospitality House .
Kymber
Many attendees had been to the Empty Bowl before and enjoy the sense of community .
Listen to Guest 1
Listen to Guest 2
They also enjoyed choosing a one-of-a-kind bowl .
Listen to Guest 4
There were over 200 bowls to choose from at each sitting .
Listen to Guest 3
Hospitality House board member Michael McDonald says the Empty Bowl fundraiser helps offset costs for providing necessary services .
Listen to Michael McDonald
Hospitality House helped 79 clients move into permanent housing last year .
Hospitality House Executive Director Nancy Baglietto says Hospitality House would not exist without community support .
Listen to Nancy Baglieto
The Empty Bowl event generates around ten thousand dollars to support the effort .
Questions , Comments or News Stories Contact Owner/Publisher Jonathan Taylor 410-422-2948 Or email me at jtlesn @ comcast.net
Watch , Text , and Win Tickets To 'Love Never Dies'Try to win a pair of tickets to Love Never Dies by answering the question seen in our contest commercial . Just text the correct answer and you 're entered .
Sign-Up Now For Our 2017 Knockout PoolPut your football expertise to the test for your chance at $ 5,000 .
Have What It Takes To Win ? Sign-Up NowPick a winner for every game each week for your chance at $ 5000 .
Get The CBSMiami Weather AppGet the new CBSMiami Weather app and stay up to date on severe weather in South Florida .
Alternate Means Of Entry For CBS Miami Texting ContestsNo mobile phone or texting plan ? No problem ! You can enter online for any contest on CBS Miami by entering here as an alternate means of entry .
WQAM ( AM ) Contest and Promotion RulesUnless otherwise specified by Radio Station WQAM ( AM ) ( the “ Station ” ) , these rules cover routine contests and promotions conducted by the Station . These rules may be amended by separate specific rules for major contests or promotions conducted by the Station or its sponsors .
LEBANON , Tenn. – - A man from Macon County , Tennessee has been arrested after deputies said they tried to help an inmate escape from the Wilson County Jail .
Officials from the Wilson County Sheriff 's Office said 54-year-old Scott Ronald Dorris came to the jail on Monday , August 7 dressed as a law enforcement officer and attempted to free inmate Richard Wayne Bohanan .
Dorris was wearing a uniform polo shirt from the Macon County Sheriff 's Office and told corrections officers they were an employee of the law enforcement agency . They said they also presented false documentation for the Bohanan 's release .
The corrections officers recognized the documents were fake , and also noticed some inconsistencies in the way Dorris looked and acted .
They took Dorris into custody and booked them into the jail . Dorris was charged with criminal attempt to facilitate an escape and criminal impersonation of a police officer .
Bond was set at $ 200,000 . An initial court appearance was scheduled for August 22 , 2017 .
It was not clear what connection Dorris had with Bohanan .
Wilson County Sheriff Robert Bryan credited the corrections officers for their awareness and quick action .
“ The officers who made contact with Scott Dorris displayed incredible awareness , ” said Sheriff Bryan . “ Training , for situations like these , proved beneficial in maintaining a safe and secure correctional facility . This case will remain active while Dorris and other individuals may be charged as a result of this incident . ”
Deputies were working with the Macon County Sheriff 's Office to determine how Dorris was able to obtain the uniform shirt . They expected that additional individuals could be charged as a result of their investigation .
Americans have jobs , but they need raises .
Even as the labor market rounds out to full employment , workers are n't seeing their wages grow . While Congress promises that slashing corporate taxes will deliver this boost , economists are skeptical that the benefit of a deficit-inflating corporate tax cut will benefit rank-and-file workers rather than the investor class .
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed One year later : How is the economy doing under President Trump ? 2:11 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“ The argument that the White House is trying to make is that if we cut corporate taxes we 'll see wages rise , ” said Andrew Chamberlain , chief economist at Glassdoor.com . “ It 's not a totally crazy argument , in theory , but it 's very uncertain and the evidence is definitely mixed , ” they said . “ I personally have not seen any good evidence that cutting the corporate tax rate raises wages , at least not in the short run . ”
Although the government 's unemployment report released Friday found that the economy added 228,000 jobs last month , more than economists predicted , it also found that wages continue to grow at a mediocre 2.5 percent on an annualized basis , roughly a full percentage point below what experts consider a marker of a thriving labor market .
Related : Who benefits from the GOP tax plan ?
Pay growth historically has lagged other indicators of economic improvement , but many economists expected improvements to come by now . “ Wages always come at the end , but in this market we would expect it to pick up earlier much earlier given what we know historically , ” said Ahu Yildirmaz , vice president and head of the ADP Research Institute , which found that the U.S. economy added 190,000 private sector jobs in November .
Yildirmaz said some of the wage slack could be attributed to waves of retiring Baby Boomers , and some economists say that slack remaining in the labor market is crimping wages .
“ We do n't really know why companies are spending so little on investment , given that they have so much money already . ”
“ It 's really labor market competition that 's going to drive wage growth up , ” said Cathy Barrera , chief economist at ZipRecruiter .
Although topline unemployment rates have fallen , Barrera said underemployment remains elevated , and labor market mobility is low . “ I think this lack of mobility is an important contributing factor , ” they told NBC News .
Unfortunately for workers , labor market experts say rolling back taxes on employers wo n't change those dynamics .
Mark Hamrick , Bankrate.com 's senior economic analyst , pointed out that globalization weakens the correlation between companies ' available capital and their willingness to hire American workers .
“ Corporate leaders do not see a rapid advance in hiring , ” they said . “ There 's a significant amount of anecdotal evidence pointing to no real change in hiring plans on the part of corporate leaders . ”
There 's plenty to go around
It 's not that employers are n't paying people more because they ca n't afford to : Companies are already flush with cash . Although this has boosted stock prices , the largesse has n't trickled down to workers . “ The reality is that with the advent of globalization and acceleration of technology , employers have an increasing number of options to decide upon where to invest , ” Hamrick said .
Corporate America 's record profits are a main contributor to the buoyant stock market . Tax cuts are expected to extend that rally , according to UBS , which predicts that corporate profits will rise about 8 percent on the strength of lower taxes and the repatriation of cash held overseas .
“ The runup in the stock market today reflects optimism and belief that the tax bill and other things like promised regulatory changes are pro-growth , ” Chamberlain said . “ There are some investors who believe the tax bill will be very good for them . ”
“ This bill will be very good for corporate profits . The stock market is anticipating a big windfall , ” said Harry Holzer , a professor of public policy at Georgetown University .
But Holzer said there 's no clear sign that companies plan to invest this money either by growing headcount , or adding and improving equipment that would make their existing workforce more productive .
“ We do n't really know why companies are spending so little on investment , given that they have so much money sloshing around already , ” they said , expressing doubt at the assertion that corporations would behave differently if they had even more money . “ American companies have learned how to be very profitable without investing a lot in their equipment or their workers , ” they said .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Kasey Palmer helped Huddersfield Town win promotion to the Premier League last season - now they are hoping to do repeat the feat at Derby County .
The Chelsea attacking midfielder joined the Rams just before the January transfer deadline on Wednesday night , on loan for the remainder of the season .
Ahead of Derby 's home Championship clash with Brentford this weekend , we sat down for a chat with the England Under-21 international ...
How does it feel to be at Derby County ?
`` It 's a great opportunity for me to join a club that is second in the Championship and trying to get into the Premier League .
`` After last year 's achievements , I 'd be thrilled to be part of something so special again .
`` Hopefully , at the end of the season , I will be celebrating another promotion . ''
You helped Huddersfield Town win promotion last season . What are your memories of that ?
`` Any way to get promoted is a great way but I think do it by winning at Wembley in a penalty shoot-out is probably the best way you could possibly do it .
`` But at the same time , you could see how it affected the Reading players .
`` Hopefully , I can be on the winning side again in a play-off final , or if automatic promotion happens , then that 's even better . ''
What has Gary Rowett said to you since you arrived at Derby ?
`` The manager has told me to not put too much pressure on myself , which is always good to hear .
`` Speaking to the other players , it 's not going to be a situation where I 'm expected to come in and be the hero straight away .
`` I 'll just try to make my mark as soon as possible and , hopefully , ease my way into the team . ''
You missed part of this season due to a hamstring injury . How are you doing now ?
`` I feel good . I have n't had any injuries in the past few months , which is great after the injuries I was getting through 2017 .
`` I 'm just eager to get on the pitch and get going , to try to make my mark and participate in what has been a successful season so far for the team .
How much of a blow was your latest injury setback , having rejoined Huddersfield for a second spell this season ?
`` To be honest , it was very disappointing . I started the first game of the season , came on in the next two and then got injured while I was away with England ( Under-21s ) .
`` That was unfortunate but these things happen and it 's about how you respond . I 'm happy to be here and , hopefully , I can be involved in a successful season again . ''
When did you become aware of Derby 's interest in you ? And how did deadline day unfold for you ?
`` I heard about Derby 's interest but talks are talks and obviously nothing is concrete ...
`` Then , as you know , on deadline day , everything escalates quickly and by five or six o'clock , I was on the motorway driving up here .
`` The day was a bit hectic , really . I was getting a call at one point saying 'this is going to happen , that is going to happen ' , and all of a sudden everything started to click into place .
( Image : Derby County Football Club )
`` Sooner rather than later , I was in here signing the contract and doing the medical and everything . So everything kind of escalated quickly .
`` I got here about nine and everything followed on from there .
`` My family came up with me and helped me sort out all the paperwork , etc .
`` Everything kind of went quick and I 'm buzzing that everything got sorted .
`` Now I 'm just trying to get my head down and start focusing on getting on the pitch . ''
What are your early impressions of the club ?
`` I think the facilities , the dressing room , the players , the staff , everything is set to be a Premier League club .
`` It 's now for the players and the staff to get the club where it deserves to be and where the fans deserve it to be . ''
Derby have gone close to promotion in recent years . What do you think they need to do to take the next step ?
`` I do n't think we can look at previous years , because it 's a different team .
`` If there are setbacks in the season , we 've just got to keep going .
`` It 's never going to be a smooth season in the Championship - anyone can beat anyone .
`` But as long as we react when disappointments happen and keep going , I think we 're more than capable of achieving promotion . ''
What sort of player are you ?
`` I 'd say I try to excite the fans , try to score , try to get assists , and I try to be creative .
`` That 's my game - but I do n't want to put too much pressure on myself !
`` I 'll just try to do the best I can and try to have an impact and a positive effect on the team . ''
Bearing in mind your lack of action recently , are you ready to play immediately if called upon ?
`` I 'll give my all for the team and however long I last , I last .
`` But I think I 've got to be realistic and I have n't had as much football as I would 've liked this season .
`` So whatever the manager 's plan is with me in terms of easing me back in will be what I have to accept and what I have to do .
`` I know I 'm probably not going to be capable of going out and putting a 90-minute shift and working hard from minute one to 90 . That 's not going to be realistic straight away .
( Image : Andy Clarke )
`` But I 'll work hard in training day-to-day and try to get my fitness up as quick as possible , so that I 'm able to put in a shift for the team .
Do your injury setbacks make you keener than ever to make a success of this loan spell ?
`` I think the injuries I 've suffered have probably made me a better person in the long-run .
`` At the time , it 's horrible to have to keep dealing with setback after setback but I think now , I 'm probably 10 times stronger from going through what I 've gone through .
`` So , hopefully , when I 'm back playing , it can drive me forward , knowing how frustrating it was to be on the sidelines . ''
When did you last play a match ?
`` I played for the ( Chelsea ) under-23s on Monday , so it was good to get some minutes before going out on loan .
`` I feel like I 'm ready to get on the pitch again and , hopefully , that is sooner rather than later . ''
The full statement by Alhaji Buba Galadima , self-styled national chairperson , Reformed – All Progressives Congress ( R-APC ) . The statement was read at a press briefing at Sheraton Hotels Abuja on 4 July , 2018 .
We are here assembled to address you on the state of our party , the APC , the state of the nation and the future of our experiment in constitutional democracy , in Nigeria .
2 . You will recall that in the build up to the 2015 General elections , some political parties and groups came together , and formed a brand new political party , the Progressives Congress , APC . This merger was based on the strong belief that Nigeria had come of age , but was severely underperforming and unable to meet its potentials for good governance . The Nigerian people entrusted power to the APC based on its promises and potentials .
3 . We are sad to report that after more than three years of governance , our hopes have been betrayed , our expectations completely dashed . The APC has run a rudderless , inept and incompetent government that has failed to deliver good governance to the Nigerian people . It has rather imposed dictatorship , impunity , abuse of power , complete abdication of constitutional and statutory responsibilities , infidelity to the rule of law and constitutionalism . It has failed to ensure the security and welfare of our people and elevated nepotism to unacceptable height . The APC has failed to deliver on its key promises to the nation . There is no evidence of any political will to reverse the decline of our party , while leaders who have created these circumstances continue to behave as if Nigerians owe our party votes as a matter of right .
4 . The APC government , has been a monumental disaster , even worse than the government it replaced . The political party that was a vehicle for enthroning the government was rendered powerless by manipulations and complete lack of due process in its operations .
5 . The last straw , was the Congresses and Convention of the APC held recently . The Congresses were intensely disputed as it was conducted with impunity , total disregard for due process , disregard for the party Constitution and naked display of power and practices that have no place in a party we all worked the very hard to put in place .
6 . There are countless cases in courts all over the country challenging the legality of congresses and even the National Convention itself . It is very likely that the judicial decisions on these cases will result in massive chaos , confusion and uncertainties.The fate of a party in this state with a few months to the elections is best left to the imagination , but it is not a fate we believe our millions of members should be abandoned to.There were parallel congresses in 24 States namely : Abia , Adamawa , Bauchi , Bayelsa , Benue , Borno , Cross River , Delta , Enugu , Imo , Jigawa , Kaduna , Kano , Katsina , Kebbi , Kogi , Kwara , Lagos , Niger , Ondo , Oyo , Rivers , Sokoto and Zamfara .
These congresses in Wards , Local Government Areas and States all over the federation produced different sets of delegates . We therefore had an unfortunate situation where the party has been seriously factionalised and divided in not just 24 States but the 36 States and Abuja FCT .
7 . The so-called National Convention of the APC was even worse . The National Convention of the party was ridiculed with constitutional infirmities that were so glaring and obvious that no fair minded person can claim that a legitimate and lawful executive emerged from that process . The Chairman of the organising Committee , Jigawa State Governor , Their Excellency , Alhaji Mohammed Badaru Abubakar , declared 18 seats unopposed and uncontested , since only one valid candidate stood at the end of the grossly manipulated nomination exercise for each of the offices . They therefore proceeded to declare them duly elected in flagrant abuse and violence to the Constitution of the APC .
Indeed , Article 20 of the APC Constitution is very clear and explicit . It envisages a situation where if at the close of nomination , only one person is nominated , the Convention must vote “ Yes ” or “ No ” , for each candidate before they are declared duly elected . For the avoidance of doubt , let us re-produce the article verbatim :
Article 20 ( 1 ) of the APC Constitution states “ Unless otherwise provided for : All party posts prescribed or implied by this Constitution shall be filled by democratically conducted elections at the respective National Convention or Congress subject , where possible , to consensus , Provided that where a Candidate has emerged by consensus for an elective position , a vote of “ Yes ” or “ No ” by ballot or voice shall be called , to ensure that it was not an imposition which could breed discontent and crisis ” .
We all witnessed on live television and at the venue , Eagles Square Abuja , that the Convention Chairman , only put the “ Yes ” question to all the delegates , using words to the effect : Do you affirm ? Do you agree ? There was no opportunity whatsoever given to the delegates to say whether they are voting “ No ” for any candidate as the “ No ” question was never put to them .
It may well be that it the convention Chairman put the “ No ” Question , the voice vote for the “ Noes ” , may have been more . We will never know , since it was never done , contrary to the express provisions of the APC Constitution . It is therefore unquestionably clear that the 18 officers of APC that was “ Elected ” through this process could not have been duly elected . This constitutional vice infected the offices of :
1 . Comrade Adams Oshiomhole – National Chairman
2 . Mai Mala Buni – National Secretary
3 . Alhaji Ibrahim Masari – National Welfare Secretary
4 . Tunde Bello – National Financial Secretary
5 . Babatunde Ogala – National Legal Adviser
6 . Bankole Oluwajana – National Vice Chairman ( South West )
7 . Dr. Zakari Mohammed – Zonal Secretary ( North Central )
8 . Abubakar Sadiq – Zonal Secretary ( North East )
9 . Hassana Abdullahi – Zonal Woman Leader ( North Central )
10 . Nelson Abba – Ex-officio ( North-Central )
11 . Isa Azare – Ex-officio ( North-East )
12 . Tukur Gusau – Zonal Secretary ( North West )
13 . Nasiru Haladu – Ex-officio ( North-West )
14 . Rachael Akpabio – Zonal Woman Leader ( South South )
15 . Misbahu L. Didi – Representative of the physically challenged
and others .
8 . Even before these illegal exercises that have alienated millions of members , there has been widespread disenchantment with the manner the party has been run , and the conduct and performance of our governments . The nPDP , a group that has made a major contribution to the emergence of the APC administration has made strenuous efforts to invite attention to inequities , injustice and poor management in our party without any success.The nPDP had shown good faith and commitment to the party , but it has been rewarded with indifference and even contempt.It is obvious that the leadership of the APC has decided to shut out members of the APC , as well as other members who have raised genuine grievances and a desire to improve the responsiveness of the APC to the desire of members for a party founded on democratic principles .
9 . Under the circumstances , patriotic elements and most of the original founders of the APC have found themselves in the opposing side of this charade . Most of the delegates who bought and paid for forms for the congresses and convention and were elected as delegates have come together to take control and give legitimacy to APC to be now known as and called REFORMED-APC ( R-APC ) .
The R-APC as constituted have officers in all the wards , 774 Local Governments , and all the 36 States of the Federation including the FCT .
The R-APC also have National Executive Committee , the National Working Committee and other organs of the Party are properly constituted and functional .
10 . Some of the National Officers of the R-APC include :
1 . Yobe State – Buba Galadima ( National Chairman )
2 . Kano State – Bala Muhd Gwagwarwa ( National Deputy Chairman , North )
3 . Abia State – Chief Theo Nkire ( National Deputy Chairman , South East )
4 . Ondo State – Hon . Eko Olakunle ( National Vice Chairman South West )
5 . Kaduna State – Hon . Hussaini Dambo ( National Vice Chairman North West )
6 . Kogi State – Mahmud Mohammed Abubakar – ( National Vice Chairman , North Central )
7 . Benue State – Hon . Godwin Akaan ( Deputy National Secretary )
8 . Oyo State -Dr Fatai Atanda ( National Secretary )
9 . Edo State – Kazeem Afegbua ( National Publicity Secretary )
10 . Adamawa State – Daniel Bwala ( Financial Secretary )
11 . Jigawa State – Abba Malami Taura ( Deputy National Auditor )
12 . Kwara State – Hon . Kayode Omotosho ( National Treasurer )
13 . Anambra State -Barr . Nicholas Asuzu ( National Youth Leader )
14 . Rivers State – Barr . Baride A. Gwezia ( Legal Adviser )
15 . Katsina State – Haj Aisha Kaita ( National Woman Leader )
16 . Bauchi State – Mrs. Fatima Adamu ( National Welfare Secretary )
17 . Ogun State -Alh . Isiak Akinwumi ( Deputy Financial Secretary )
18 . Zamfara State – Alh . Bashir Mai Mashi ( Deputy National Treasurer )
19 . Abuja – Hauwa Adam Mamuda ( Deputy Welfare Secretary )
20 . Sokoto State – Hon . Shuaibu Gwanda Gobir ( Deputy National Publicity Secretary )
21 . Katsina State – M. T. Liman ( National Organising Secretary )
22 . Niger State – Dr Theo Sheshi ( Deputy National Organising Secretary .
11 . Some of the State Chairmen include :
1 . Adamawa – Dimas Ezra
2 . Anambra – Sir Toby Chukwudi Okwuaya
3 . Bauchi – Sani Shehu
4 . Benue – Noah Mark Dickson
5 . Jigawa – Hon . Nasiru Garba Dantiye
6 . Kaduna – Col. Gora ( Rtd )
7 . Kano – Umar Haruna Doguwa
8 . Katsina – Sada Ilu
9 . Kogi – Alh . Hadi Ametuo
10 . Ogun – Alhaji Adeleke Adewale Taofeek
11 . Ondo – Hon . Otetubi Idowu
12 . Oyo – Alh . Ali Alimi Isiaka Adisa
13 . Yobe – Mohammed Burgo Dalah
14 . Zamfara – Alh . Nasiru Yakubu
15 . Niger – Hon . Samaila Yusuf Kontagora
16 . FCT – Adaji Usman
The R-APC includes all the progressive forces in APC , including most of the leading members of the defunct nPDP , CPC , ANPP , ACN and others .
12 . The R-APC , will work with like-minded political parties and groups to offer Nigeria qualitative good governance in 2019 . Nigeria faces an existential threat arising from three years of near destruction of this country and the exacerbation of our ethnic , religious and divisive cleavages . We will in concert with others offer real change to Nigeria . Not fake change . It is clear that our party needs a leadership that will live by its founding ideals.We have therefore decided to legitimately lead those members to work to rebuild our nation more firmly on genuine democratic principles , to enshrine good governance and restore the faith of Nigerians in the possibility of the existence of a prosperous , secure and peaceful nation
13 . We call on all Nigerians , not to despair as a rescue plan is in the works and will be unfolded soon .
14 . I thank you all for listening .
There was a time when Chenai Mathabire read Vogue , watched beauty pageants on TV and fantasized about being a supermodel . Today they help the sick and injured as a nurse and epidemiologist .
Last month , the 35-year-old Zimbabwean received an International AIDS Society prize for showing that a faster tuberculosis test could be implemented at health centers in southeast Africa . Them work will help save the lives of HIV-positive patients who contract TB .
`` Nursing is often looked down upon and people just think you are there to be the maid of the doctor or do the dirty work . But teachers made me realize that nurses have a big role to play , '' says Mathabire .
In Zimbabwe 's bustling capital , Harare , Mathabire earned high enough points in their studies to pursue a degree in physiotherapy , occupational therapy or nursing at university . They chose to become a nurse — the first nurse in their family . In 2008 , they were between jobs and Zimbabwe was facing economic problems . Mathabire decided to apply for a job at Doctors Without Borders .
The work took them into some of Africa 's grimmest situations . They helped diagnose malnourished children with HIV , tuberculosis , pneumonia and malaria in Zimbabwe . Then they supervised workers who were teaching HIV-positive pregnant women how to protect their children from the virus . After that , they worked in a mobile hospital in South Sudan , treating gunshot wounds during a tribal war .
In 2015 , they were recruited for their first research assignment at Doctors Without Borders , work that would eventually earn them an International AIDS Society prize . They knew that TB was the No . 1 killer of HIV-positive patients from their previous work , but they did n't know about the rapid tuberculosis test until they read the study 's protocol . They were eager to get started on the project .
For two years , Mathabire and a team explored how easily health clinics and hospitals in the Chiradzulu District of Malawi and the Chamanculo District of Mozambique could implement the tuberculosis test for HIV patients , who are more susceptible to the infection .
In Malawi and Mozambique , HIV is the leading cause of death . It is often spread through unprotected sex , and it has wiped out 27 percent of Malawi 's and 24 percent of Mozambique 's populations according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Finding out whether an HIV-positive person has tuberculosis is a matter of life and death . Mathabire remembers a Malawi man in their early 30s who left a clinic untreated . The rapid test , which analyzes a molecule in the patient 's urine with a paper strip , had shown that they had TB . A coughing test did n't . But doctors were n't referring patients for the rapid test in their assessment of the man . It had n't yet been approved by the Ministry of Health which was awaiting the World Health Organization 's policy guidance . The man died before they could go back to get help .
Their story was n't unique , Mathabire says . `` It 's very sad but then you realize why you are doing the study — to prevent this from happening , '' they say . `` You start to realize the urgency of what you are doing . ''
Under normal circumstances , patients are given cough tests or chest X-rays to test for TB . Mathabire 's team found that it takes an average of two to four days for results , but the wait could drag on for months .
Though the government of Malawi pays for certain medical care , including tuberculosis treatment , patients might not have the money to pay for a bus ride to the hospital or clinic for follow-up visits . And more remote clinics do n't always have the resources to transport samples to hospitals .
With the rapid TB test , sick patients could begin treatment the same day . Mathabire 's data showed that the test provided results in less than an hour . Staff in Malawi and Mozambique could be trained to administer the test in just a few hours . And doctors , nurses and clinical officers said it was easy to interpret the bands on the test strips .
Mathabire also found that patients were n't skeptical of a new method . They really wanted to take the high-tech test . Mainly peasant farmers , they took the words of the health workers seriously . `` Everybody basically knew somebody that had died of HIV [ and opportunistic infections ] in a terrible way , '' they say . It was like that in Zimbabwe too .
The team 's findings , published by Doctors Without Borders this year , has led some of the health centers where the aid group works to embrace rapid TB testing . It could pave the way for more facilities to incorporate the test it into their health systems , meaning faster care for the sickest of HIV patients .
In a statement , International AIDS Society president Linda-Gail Bekker said that Mathabire 's research will `` support the next generation of investigators whose work can help to change the course of this epidemic . ''
Mathabire still works for Doctors Without Borders and is considering conducting more research on HIV and tuberculosis . But their award-winning research is n't the only major event of their summer .
They moved to Falun , central Sweden , to marry an infectious disease specialist whom they worked with in Zimbabwe . True to their early love of fashion , she 's sewing their own wedding dress , with glass beads , silk and lace .
Sasha Ingber is a multimedia journalist who has covered science , culture and foreign affairs for such publications as National Geographic , The Washington Post Magazine and Smithsonian . You can contact them @ SashaIngber .
Jordan Turner , a former volunteer football coach at Silverado High School , was sentenced Wednesday to 18 months in prison for sexually motivated coercion .
Turner was arrested in 2016 based on sexual misconduct charges . The original investigation was prompted by a report of inappropriate conduct between a coach and a student .
Additionally , Turner was given five years probation and ordered to pay $ 938 in fees .
Turner must register as a sex offender .
A kidnapping of a minor charge was dropped .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Derby County fans are already be looking ahead to next season as the Rams prepare for an 11th successive campaign in the Championship .
They will have six different grounds to visit , with three teams coming down from the Premier League and another three coming up from League One .
Those sides replace the six teams that have left the division , via promotion and relegation .
So , how will this affect the total distance that the Derby faithful have to travel in order to follow their team at away matches ?
Well , they have lost their shortest journey , the 26-mile round trip to Burton Albion , as well as relatively local trips to Wolverhampton Wanderers and Barnsley .
However , they will not have to make the lengthy treks to Sunderland , Cardiff City and Fulham next term .
Instead , Derby have gained reasonably short visits to Stoke City , Rotherham United and West Bromwich Albion , alongside those to Wigan Athletic and Blackburn Rovers in the north-west .
But they have also gained what will be their longest trip of the league season - a 366-mile round trip to newly-relegated Swansea City .
In total , though , Rams fans attending all away fixtures will actually be travelling 164 miles less than they did in 2017-18 ( late-night road closures and diversions notwithstanding ) .
With Burton back in League One , Derby 's shortest trip will once again be the 34-mile round trip to the City Ground to take on arch rivals Nottingham Forest .
After Swansea , the next longest journey is the 342 miles to Norwich City and back .
Overall , the Rams will accumulate 4,456 miles getting to and from away games in the league .
( Image : PA )
Here is a full break-down of the distances to travel ( based on round trips from Derby ) ...
Aston Villa : 72.4 miles
Birmingham City : 87.2 miles
Blackburn Rovers : 212.6 miles
Brentford : 256.6 miles
Bristol City : 283.4 miles
Bolton Wanderers : 192.2 miles
Hull City : 198.6 miles
Ipswich Town : 319.2 miles
Leeds United : 159.4 miles
Middlesbrough : 274.2 miles
Millwall : 263.8 miles
Nottingham Forest : 34.2 miles
Norwich City : 341.8 miles
Preston North End : 206.4 miles
Queens Park Rangers : 255.8 miles
Reading : 282.4 miles
Rotherham United : 97.6 miles
Sheffield Wednesday : 108 miles
Sheffield United : 90 miles
Stoke City : 71.4 miles
Swansea City : 365.8 miles
West Bromwich Albion : 101.8 miles
Wigan Athletic : 181.2 miles
Total : 4,456 miles
Build Lego creations using a bug theme on Thursday , July 5 , from 2 to 4 PM , and snap bricks with your friends .
A Blubber Glove is the experiment on Monday , July 9 . Kids make and test a blubber glove to see what it is like to be a marine animal living in sub-freezing air and frigid water temperatures at the Summer Science STEM program provided by the Black Hawk County Extension Service . Sessions are 1 PM for preschool-2nd grade , and 2 PM for grades 3rd -5th .
The first in our series of Summer Reading Programs begins on Tuesday , July 10 , at 6 PM . Kids can see the amazing science of sound as the Grout Museum 's Sound Science Program demonstrates vibration , frequency and the Doppler Effect with singing rods , singing pipes and spouting bowls .
A Wrinkle in Time is the movie on Wednesday , July 11 , at 1:15 PM . Three mystical guides lead Meg on an epic journey , tessering through time and space to find their father , following their mysterious disappearance . Rated PG , adventure/family/fantasy , plays 1 hr . 49 min .
Grab your handwork and meet up with Hawkins Handcrafters on Thursday , July 12 , from 1 to 3 PM .
Get creative with make and take crafts for our Summer Reading Program on Friday , July 13 , from 1 to 5 PM .
Solar oven S'mores ! Use solar energy to make a tasty , sweet treat in a pizza box on Monday , July 16 at the Summer Science STEM program provided by the Black Hawk County Extension Service . Sessions are 1 PM for preschool-2nd grade , and 2 PM for grades 3rd -5th .
Music Grab Bag is the second in our series of Summer Reading Programs . On Tuesday , July 17 , at 6 PM , Jen Bistline presents a “ grab bag ” of musical surprises . Just bring your curiosity . Audience participation is encouraged !
Paws , P.I . shows at 1:15 PM on Wednesday , July 18 . A boy determined to save their father 's failing private detective business enlists the help of their pet dog and parrot…who talk . Together they will try to take down the town 's tyrannical tycoon who 's determined to stop a mansion from being turned into an animal rescue . Rated PG , family movie , plays 1 hr . 26 min .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Your child could have up to £1,000 of savings sitting there - but many parents still have n't claimed it .
The reason is the Child Trust Fund account - the problem is your child would have to have been born between 2002 and 2010 .
The accounts were introduced by the last Labour government . They meant that parents were given £250 to save for their child , and another £250 when they turned seven .
Some children from low income families received double payments - meaning they have £1,000 stashed away in their name .
And if you never opened a Child Trust Fund for your children , the Government did it on their behalf and placed the cash in an approved account .
Parents can move the money into a junior ISA , which could offer better interest rates .
According to ISA provider Scottish Friendly , one in four Child Trust Funds could be in accounts completely forgotten by parents , Mirror Online reports .
How do I recover my kid 's Child Trust Fund ?
First , check your child has one
They must have been born between September 1 , 2002 and January 2 , 2011 and you must have been eligible for child benefit .
Then , go here and search .
You 'll need to add your contact details and your child 's details .
Then what happens ?
HMRC will get back to you , usually within 15 days .
How do I move the money into a junior ISA
Online purchase scams shot up from number four in 2016 to number one . Ken Love MCT
THE driver of a Waste Management vehicle died following a collision with a train at Lambert Road this morning .
Lambert Road is now open , after being closed for three hours .
Police remain at the scene and would conduct an investigation into the fatal crash , as would Waste Management New Zealand .
EARLIER :
The Whakatane District Council has said , any remaining waste collections for the day would be cancelled and collected on the weekend .
All waste transfer stations would be closed for the remainder of Friday , with normal hours resuming thereafter .
Residents could expect there would be some further changes and delays to refuse collection throughout the district over coming days .
A PERSON has died following a crash involving a Waste Management truck and a train in Whakatane this morning .
The incident occurred at the level crossing on Lambert Road just before 11:35am .
The driver of the truck died at the scene .
The intersection of Lambert Road and State Highway 34 is currently closed to traffic .
The Serious Crash Unit is investigating .
Cutting the cord is great for gaming on the go , but Nintendo did n't seem to get the message with the Switch . Fortunately , GENKI ( $ 39 ) is here to help you play your favourites during a commute , or in the evening at home , without trailing a wire between your ears and your console . The tiny Bluetooth 5 gadget plugs into the Switch 's USB-C port , has very low latency , and is battery-free , so it 's always ready to use ( assuming your Switch is n't out of juice ) . And the best bit : if you have an actual friend who happens to be armed with a Bluetooth headset , they can get in on the action too . Just be aware of any strange ‘ in the moment ' noises the two of you are making when going dual-player with GENKI on the train home .
President Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe on Monday repeated their call for the nation to uphold peace ahead of polls in 2018 .
In an address to mark this year 's Heroes Day at the National Heroes Acre in the capital Harare , the veteran leader said peace and calm creates a conducive environment for national development .
“ We hope the elections will be done in peace . We need peace within our party , we need peace between our party and other parties and we need national peace in the country , ” Mugabe said .
Mugabe , 93 , will seek re-election for their second and final term after their ruling ZANU-PF party endorsed them as its presidential candidate for the 2018 polls .
They thanked the country 's defence forces for maintaining peace and security in the country and called on them to remain united and avoid fighting each other .
They spoke after members of the national army recently went on the rampage and indiscriminately beat up members of the police force on the streets of Harare ostensibly to revenge against the crime of a police officer who had thrown spikes at the vehicle of a member of the national army .
Mugabe said a disunited security forces will not be able to defend the country .
“ In the forces that we have , there are some elements that are beginning to get out of control . That incident when a few soldiers took to the streets and beat up police officers is regrettable .
“ I discussed it with the commanders and asked that they talk about it and try to prevent its recurrence , ” Mugabe said .
Soldiers in Zimbabwe once rioted in Harare in 2008 after failing to withdraw their money from banks during the hyperinflation period .
On Feb. 17 , Mugabe 's wife Grace , warned those aspiring to take over from their husband that there is no vacancy at the state house before God ordains their husband 's retirement .
Speaking at a rally in Buhera North , Manicaland Province , the first lady lashed out at perceived factionalists and ‘ successionists ' in the ruling Zanu-PF party .
Mugabe 's tenure as party leader ends in 2019 , but the party in 2014 had endorsed them as its presidential candidate for the 2018 elections .
“ Whoever is engaging in factionalism must stop forthwith , stop it , '' they bellowed to thousands of people that included school children .
Vice-President Emmerson Mnangagwa is seen as the face of “ successionist '' politics but they have since denied harboring ambitions to take over from Mugabe before their tenure ends .
The first lady challenged the “ successionists '' to self-introspect to determine whether they possess leadership qualities and are able to emulate their husband .
They added that their husband was irreplaceable and even if they contested the election as a corpse the people would vote for him .
“ When God finally decides that they should leave office , then you can also enter the fray ( Until the moment ) there 's no vacancy , '' they said .
Mugabe , who has been in power since Zimbabwe gained independence from Britain in 1980 , is the world 's oldest leader .
The first lady also donated food , clothes , laptops and exercise books to the gathering in their first leg of tours to drum up support for their husband in the 2018 general elections .
Want More News Like This ?
CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site , along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets .
To view this video please enable JavaScript , and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
All eyes are going to be on the Jones family when the NFL draft comes around .
In two seasons the Cowboys have gone from cellar dwellers in the NFC East to presumably a few pieces away from Super Bowl contention . They did so by finding value in the draft with players like Dak Prescott ( taken in the fourth round ) and Anthony Brown ( the sixth round ) .
Can they do the same this year ? Here 's some of the latest on what some experts are saying about what the Cowboys should do come draft time :
Marcus Mosher , Bleacher Report : The Cowboys have used at least eight of their 30 official visits on pass rushers , specifically , defensive ends . Of the eight that the team has brought in , at least six of them project to go within the top-50 picks in the draft . That list of eight does n't even include Houston 's Tyus Bowser , who visited the team in mid-April .
What is clear about their need at defensive end is that the team is n't interested in just adding numbers to the position . Instead , they are looking to draft one player at defensive end and then move on to another position .
The Cowboys have a lot of similar players across their defensive line , but they lack a true game-breaker off the edge . Adding more names to the mix from the middle or late rounds does n't help improve the Cowboys ' pass rush .
Bill Barnwell , ESPN all-trades mock draft : Seahawks get : 1-28 , 2018 fifth-round pick
Cowboys get : CB Richard Sherman
The Panthers ' offer at No . 8 would be the high end of a return for Sherman . This , on the other hand , would be the lowest offer the Seahawks would likely be willing to accept for their franchise cornerback , and it might make the stomachs of Seattle fans churn . The Cowboys are likely to be competing with the Seahawks atop the NFC this season and in years to come , and Sherman would be a major upgrade at Dallas ' weakest position . If the Seahawks are committed to removing Sherman from their locker room , though , the Cowboys are likely to be interested .
You do n't need me to tell you that Sherman is the exact sort of superstar Jerry Jones wants to acquire . The Cowboys would go over the cap by acquiring Sherman , but they 've already created some cap space for 2017 by extending Jason Witten , and Dallas could convert most of Dez Bryant 's $ 13 million base salary into a signing bonus to create additional cap room . The Cowboys also could offer Sherman an extension that would begin next season , as the cornerback enters the final year of their deal , and Tony Romo 's massive cap charge comes off the books .
Newy Scruggs , NBC 5 : The Cowboys need some pass rush help in the worst way .
I will say this until the cows come home , look at the Cowboys five Super Bowl championships and they all had great defensive lines . Doomsday I , Doomsday II and the fantastic D-line rotation the Cowboys used to win three Super Bowls in the 90s .
Those defensive lines were littered with Hall of Famers and Pro Bowlers : Bob Lilly , Randy White , Harvey Martin , Ed `` Too Tall '' Jones , Charles Haley , Russell Maryland , Leon Lettt and Tony Tolbert .
Is Charles Harris of Missouri worthy of joining the list ? My friend Chris Landry of landryfootball.com [ said ] they `` knows how to work the edge with their hands and like all good pass rushers , can move their hands and their feet at the same time , something that is not very easy and very misunderstood . The fourth-year junior was n't the same player early on this fall in the Tigers ' new defensive scheme -- causing Harris to speculate how their draft stock could be affected -- but they came on late . ...
`` He plays more athletic than they test . They are explosive off the line of scrimmage and has a counter spin versus offensive tackles . However their athletic testing does n't translate as well meaning that while they will be successful at the NFL level , not likely quite as successful as they were in college . On tape , Harris is a very polished pass rusher with a great get off and pairs it with an effective counter move . However , testing in the 9th percentile for a pass rusher is a major concern . They posted a 1.65s 10-yard split at the NFL Scouting Combine . ''
A teenage girl was killed and a 19-year-old was injured in a shooting Friday evening , according to Las Vegas Metro police .
Officers responded to the shooting near Ann Road and U.S. 95 before 10 p.m .
Citing the preliminary investigation , police said they believe a group of people were at a McDonald 's in the area earlier in the evening . They left the McDonald 's and were walking across the street to Dramatic Road when they made contact with another group in a vehicle . Someone from the vehicle fired several rounds and struck both victims .
Police believe one victim tried to run for help . Police noted the shooting scene is spread out on Dramatic Road by several hundred yards . The scene where the shooting occurred was about 300 yards away from where the victim 's body was found .
The 19-year-old male was transported to University Medical Center for treatment , police said .
Police do not believe the shooting was random .
No suspects were in custody , police said .
Anyone with information is urged to contact Crime Stoppers at 702-385-5555 .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Holy Spirit Mission , AKA Happy Family Chapel , will Wednesday , begin a four-day prayer conference tagged ‘ When mama prays '
Chief host of the prayer conference , Rev . Carol Ighele , explained that : “ The programme is a praying and teaching conference for females from 16years and above . Our focus is to train the woman and the girl child spiritually .
The woman is a very important member of the family and the nation . They are a homemaker and a home builder . If the woman has the right focus , the children will grow right , the husband will be happy and the society at large will benefit from it .
“ The conference is an annual camp meeting , where we expose women to the challenges of womanhood and how they can become better persons in the society . After the conference , if you were a doctor , you would become a better doctor and if you were a teacher , you would become a better teacher .
“ Ours is a kingdom agenda . We are working to ensure that the kingdom of God is experienced here on earth .
“ Our speakers are drawn from all over the world and in Nigeria . We empower women in every area . We teach them how to be entrepreneurs , ministers . It is a total package .
Speakers expected at the five days event include Pastor Angela Okotie-Eboh , Pastor Theresa Johnson , among others from the united States of America .
Nepalese mountaineer Min Bahadur Sherchan shows off their 2008 Guinness World Record certificate for being the oldest person to summit Mount Everest - a record that was later broken in 2013 - during an interview with AFP in Kathmandu .
KATHMANDU : An 85-year-old former Gurkha is making a bid to reclaim their title as the world 's oldest person to summit Mount Everest .
A Guinness World Record certificate hangs proudly in Min Bahadur Sherchan 's Kathmandu home and by the end of this year 's spring climbing season they hope to have a second one hanging next to it .
Sherchan made their historic climb in 2008 when they were 76 , but they lost the record five years later when Japanese mountaineer Yuichiro Miura summited the 8,848-metre ( 29,029-foot ) peak at the age of 80 .
Sherchan has since been on a quest to take back the title — though they say it is only to prove to themselves that they can .
“ My aim is not to break anybody 's record , this is not a personal competition between individuals . I wish to break my own record , ” Sherchan told AFP in the Nepali capital .
Nevertheless , the octogenarians have been in a tug of war for the honour of being Everest 's oldest summiteer .
Both Sherchan and Miura summited in 2008 , but the former soldier in the British Gurkha army secured the record by virtue of being a year older .
When Miura snatched the title in 2013 Sherchan was also preparing to tackle the peak in a bid to retain their title .
But delayed paperwork meant they missed the narrow window of good weather in May when most people attempt to summit .
In 2015 , Sherchan was on their way to Everest when a devastating quake hit Nepal , killing nearly 9,000 people including 18 in an avalanche that hit the mountain 's base camp , and they were forced to turn back .
“ These hurdles have n't discouraged me , I am determined to go , ” they said .
Ang Tsering Sherpa , the head of Nepal 's mountaineering association , has little doubt that Sherchan 's determination will carry them at least part of the way up Everest .
“ He is very determined and has strong willpower , ” said Sherpa who worked with Sherchan during their previous record attempts .
More than 450 people summited Everest last year , many using mountaineering permits that were extended by the government following the cancellation of the 2015 spring climbing season due to the earthquake .
This year is expected to be particularly crowded as it is the last chance for climbers who were forced off the mountain by the quake to use their extended permits .
Sherchan , who joined the British Gurkhas when they were a teenager and served for five years , said they always had a penchant for adventure .
“ My personal motto is that I wish to do something that no one else has done before . ”
With their bid to summit Everest this year , the slightly hard of hearing grandfather hopes to prove that age is no barrier to adventure .
“ By climbing Everest at this age I want to boost the self-confidence of elderly people , inspire new generations and establish a proud identity for Nepal , ” they said .
“ The gods should help with the weather and keep me well . I have no diseases , I 've always been healthy . My age will not stop me . ”
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports . The news and stories that matter , delivered weekday mornings . SUBSCRIBE
A Swiss tourist couple who thought they were doing a good deed caused an international incident when a bat they rescued turned out to have rabies , federal health officials said .
The pair were only tracked down and notified after officials at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention opened channels usually reserved for infectious disease emergencies .
But rabies is almost 100 percent fatal and the CDC did n't want to mess around .
“ Two tourists were in Naples , Florida . They found a bat just outside of a grocery store , ” said Dr. Ryan Wallace , a rabies expert at the CDC 's National Center for Emerging and Zoonotic Infectious Diseases .
“ They took the bat and they brought it to a local veterinary clinic and unfortunately did n't leave any contact information at all . The bat died at the clinic and tested positive . ( It ) was reported to the state health department of Florida . ”
That set off alarm bells . Rabies is the most deadly virus known , bats across the Americas carry it , and even the tiniest scratch can transmit it . People often do n't realize they have been exposed .
Just days before , a 6-year-old boy in Florida had caught rabies via a bat scratch , and they later died .
But the veterinary clinic had not had a chance to get any official information about the couple who had turned in the bat .
“ When they went to investigate , they realized the only information we had was that a couple with a foreign accent who may have been Swiss , in their 50s or 60s , dropped the bat off . And that was all we knew , ” Wallace said .
Related : Vaccine could have saved boy who died of rabies
Alerts on the local news did not flush out the couple , who , for all the CDC and local health authorities knew , had already gone back home .
“ We kind of threw a Hail Mary , ” Wallace said . The CDC reached out to Swiss authorities with “ probably the least amount of information we have ever had : Two people that we think are Swiss , who might have been in Florida on vacation in Naples , Florida , might have touched a bat . Can you help us find them ? ” they said .
“ Switzerland took that information , made a national press release . ”
It worked .
Bats can carry rabies . Any bat found behaving in an unusual manner should be turned in for rabies testing . Gregorio B. Dantes Jr. / Sipa USA via AP
“ Within five hours that couple self-identified themselves , ” Wallace said . They said they both had handled the bat with bare hands . They have now been vaccinated against rabies .
Rabies still kills 55,000 or more people a year around the world , the World Health Organization says . In the past few months , two people have died from rabies in Florida — the 6-year-old boy , and an unidentified victim who died last October .
`` Two people that we think are Swiss , who might have been in Florida on vacation in Naples , Florida , might have touched a bat . Can you help us find them ? '' `` Two people that we think are Swiss , who might have been in Florida on vacation in Naples , Florida , might have touched a bat . Can you help us find them ? ''
People who fear they 've been exposed to rabies first get an injection of immune globulin — pre-made antibodies designed to grab any circulating virus right away . Then they get four doses over 14 days of a preventive vaccine , which boosts the body 's own immune response .
If people get vaccinated in time , before symptoms begin to show , the vaccine is 100 percent effective , Wallace said . Once symptoms begin , it is almost always too late .
“ Between 40,000 and 60,000 people a year get the rabies vaccine — almost everyone who should , ” Wallace said . “ It is widely available . It 's one of the reasons we have so few human deaths from rabies in the United States . ”
Because rabies is uncommon in Europe , the Swiss couple likely were unaware of the danger , Wallace said . They were lucky that health authorities went to such lengths to track them down .
“ It 's crazy . We really did not think we could find these people , ” Wallace said . “ Luckily , the Swiss health authority came through . ”
Their advice : “ Any interaction with wildlife you should be thinking rabies , no matter where you are . ”
Any bat found behaving in an unusual manner should be turned in for rabies testing , Wallace said .
The state of California and city of San Francisco are suing the U.S. Department of Justice over President Donald Trump 's sanctuary city restrictions on public safety grants .
In a news conference Monday , Attorney General Xavier Becerra and City Attorney Dennis Herrera , both Democrats , announced the lawsuit , which makes California the first state to challenge the administration on its policy of denying funds to cities that limit cooperation with enforcement of U.S. immigration laws .
San Francisco also filed its own federal lawsuit Friday . Becerra said they were filing on behalf of smaller cities and counties that may not have the resources to challenge the federal administration .
They said about $ 28 million is at stake for programs that fight and prevent crime because the president wants to impose their immigration policies on local government .
`` It 's a low blow to our men and women who wear the badge , for the federal government to threaten their crime fighting resources in order to force them to do the work of the federal government when it comes to immigration enforcement , '' Becerra said .
Chicago filed a similar suit last week , arguing that the Trump administration 's bid to withhold public safety grants from so-called sanctuary cities is illegal .
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions has said the Trump administration `` will not simply give away grant dollars to city governments that proudly violate the rule of law and protect criminal aliens . ''
The California Legislature is considering a measure nicknamed the `` sanctuary state bill '' that would limit state and local police from cooperating with federal immigration agents . Supporters of the legislation , SB54 , say it rebukes the president for their crackdown on illegal immigration .
The Senate passed the measure earlier this year , sending it to the Assembly where it still requires a vote . It would also need approval from Democratic Gov . Jerry Brown , who has said the bill needs changes but has declined to say specifically what they want altered .
When it comes to tennis , may be a pro , but when it comes to giving birth , she 's the first to admit that she 's an amateur .
The sports icon and expectant mother recently went on Reddit , their fiancé Alexis Ohanian ‘ s platform , to seek advice on when they should pack for the upcoming delivery of their first child .
In a thread titled , “ When did you pack your hospital bag , ” Williams asked , “ One month before ? 6 weeks ? 8 weeks ? I 'm totally stalling . ”
The 35-year-old also asked , “ I have a lot of time still… . I think… Anything you did n't expect to need that I 'll really appreciate having in there ? ”
Fans gave them all kinds of pointers from ranging from packing nipple cream to snacks to nightgowns .
Now , the GOAT is n't new to asking complete strangers for baby advice .
In July , they took to Twitter to ask for tips on how to turn over at night as they were having a little trouble sleeping comfortably on the road .
Any tips for pregnant ladies that ca n't sleep comfortably on the road ? ? I 'm desperately missing my @ tempurpedic — Serena Williams ( @ serenawilliams ) May 29 , 2017
Any tips on how to turn over at night ? 😰I 'm having trouble from going from my left ….to my right… . to my left side . 🤰🏾 — Serena Williams ( @ serenawilliams ) July 19 , 2017
In this month 's Vanity Fair , Williams was open and honest about their lack of preparation motherhood .
In Vanity Fair 's latest cover story , pregnant and engaged @ SerenaWilliams tells Buzz Bissinger that they plan to be back on the court in January 2018 : `` I do n't think my story is over yet . '' Read more and see additional photographs by Annie Leibovitz at the link in bio . A post shared by Vanity Fair ( @ vanityfair ) on Jun 27 , 2017 at 4:07am PDT
“ I do n't know what to do with a baby . I 've done absolutely nothing for the baby room , ” they told the publication .
Williams also revealed that they are definitely not giving up their highly distinguished tennis career due to motherhood and marriage , stating they will return to the tennis circuit in January after giving birth because , as they put it , “ I do n't think my story is over yet . ”
We do n't think it 's over yet either .
RELATED NEWS :
Serena Williams Is Excited For Child Birth And Being A Mommy
Serena Williams Channels ‘ Grease ' For Epic Baby Shower Party
Serena Williams Needed Pregnancy Advice And The Internet Came To The Rescue
The Urban Development Authority ( UDA ) has decided to prohibit the dumping of garbage on any State land owned by it with effect from May 1 . However , if any Municipal Council , Pradesheeya Sabha or a State institution needed a plot of land to dump garbage , it will have to settle the cost involved from its own provisions .
A press release by the Megapolis and Western Development Ministry issued yesterday stated that the UDA has come forward to rehabilitate the Kolonnawa garbage dump and the adjourning land with the assistance of the Sri Lanka Army .
It is reported that 69 houses had been destroyed up to now from the Meethotamulle tragedy . Minister Patali Champika Ranawaka said steps would be taken to provide a new house in place of those destroyed if the government provided the funds .
Although some are blaming politicians , government officers and State institutions for the recent tragedy , this was not a problem which cropped up in recent times . Whenever intervention was made over the last two decades to resolve this problem it had to be abandoned in the face of political and public protests .
The Ministry submitted a special cabinet memorandum on the Meethotamulla garbage dump in February this year . The Colombo Municipal Council had been advised to stop dumping garbage in Kolonnawa and identify alternative places .
When then Mayor of Colombo Karu Jayasuriya joined hands with them , Chief Minister Susil Premajayantha brought a proposal to create a systematic garbage dump for Colombo in Meepe with World Bank assistance but it was abandoned when politicians of all hues in the area joined hands and protested saying they did not want Colombo 's garbage . When they tried to set up an alternative dump in a forest area in Waga with CEA Koika aid , that too had to be abandoned due to political protests . A proposal to use the limestone mines in Puttalam to dump Colombo 's waste too had to be abandoned .
Alternative places selected by the CMC to dump garbage too had to be similarly abandoned due to public protests .
The Meethotamulla tragedy is not a natural disaster but a process caused by social problems . People had continuously objected to the dumping of garbage in this place and as such , the government had a responsibility regarding it and it was acting accordingly .
( Source : Daily News )
First BanCorp in San Juan , Puerto Rico , has been freed from a longstanding regulatory order .
The $ 11.9 billion-asset company said in a press release Thursday that the Federal Reserve had terminated a 2010 written agreement .
HOUSTON — David Price bolted out of the visiting clubhouse at Minute Maid Park on Friday before the media was allowed in and even before the equipment was being shuttled out for the trip back to Boston .
Price was in no mood to talk after the Red Sox were bounced 8-2 in Game 2 of the ALDS by the Astros , the same score as in their Game 1 loss .
The way the Red Sox are playing , that equipment can head straight to Florida . One more loss and their season is over . Those Red Sox who stayed to face the media music were pretty much shell-shocked over what has happened the first two games . Game 3 is Sunday at Fenway Park , and now the Red Sox are looking at having to win three straight against the Astros .
Once again , the Red Sox 's starting pitching was terrible .
Lefty Drew Pomeranz made it through only two innings , allowing four runs on five hits , two of them home runs . They followed Chris Sale 's abysmal performance in Game 1 , in which the lefty surrendered nine hits , seven runs and three home runs . So the Red Sox have gotten just seven innings out of their starters the first two games , and they have allowed 11 runs . The two lefties were rocked . On Friday , Houston 's Carlos Correa started the onslaught with a two-run home run in the first .
“ Honestly I think I just made one bad pitch in the beginning , the pitch to Correa , ” Pomeranz said . “ They hit some pretty good pitches . They 've had a good lineup all year . You have to make pitches . ”
Price was effective in their 2 ²/₃ innings of relief and came in to get out of a bases-loaded , one-out jam , but that is the kind of effort the Red Sox could use from a starter . Price has been placed in the bullpen because they are on a 40-pitch limit after coming back from the disabled list in mid-September after left elbow problems .
John Farrell was asked if they would consider having Price make a short start . Doug Fister is going in the win-or-go-home game Sunday at Fenway Park .
“ It would n't be on Sunday , ” Farrell said . “ I think that what we 're seeing is 40 pitches is about the comfort zone , which he 's been built out at . He 's throwing the ball very well . They come in with their back against the wall in a key spot , gets two big outs to end the threat , he 's throwing the ball very , very well.Cutter to both sides of the plate , has shown a feel for a changeup , full assortment of pitches that they typically have . He 's done a very good job . ”
Price is about the only Boston pitcher to have success against the Astros .
Farrell heaped praise on the Astros hitters .
“ The one thing that they have done , they have not missed when we missed in terms of pitch location , ” they said . “ They 're very good , they 're deep , and they have got a number of ways to beat you . So we fully respect and understood the opponent , and they 're playing like that . ”
The Red Sox , meanwhile , are playing like a team ready to go home quickly .
Chinese President Xi Jinping , left , and Premier Li Keqiang , right , press the green buttons to show their approval of government work reports and proposals during the closing session of the annual National People 's Congress in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing , China , Tuesday , March 20 , 2018 . Ng Han Guan AP Photo
by
At the Chestertown RiverArts Photo Club novice , enthusiast and professional photographers alike have been meeting monthly for several years to show their latest images for comments , praise , and suggestions for improvement . This exhibit is a selection of some of their finest photographs that have been brought to the group over the years .
An opening reception for the exhibit will be held Wednesday , June 6 from 5-7pm at Kent County Public Library 's Chestertown Branch . The exhibit will remain on display through the month of June and can be viewed whenever the library is open .
These images span many styles and genres of photography . Portraiture , street scenes , cityscapes , architecture , wildlife , abstract , black and white and nature images are all represented here . No matter what the subject , each photographer demonstrates a unique vision and engaging composition , a way of seeing and ability to convey that vision that combined with technical proficiency is what all our members strive to achieve in their work .
The Photo Club meets at 7PM every 4th Thursday at the RiverArts Education Center , 200 High St . The public is encouraged to attend and share their photos . For more information contact Steve Kane at srkane @ gmail.com .
For more information about the reception , visit kentcountylibrary.org or call 410.778.3636 .
Wednesday , June 6 | 5-7pm
Kent County Public Library | Chestertown Branch
A pizza delivery man was beaten and robbed Friday at an apartment complex in Trumbull .
According to reports , the driver arrived at the Royce apartment complex on Old Town Road about 9:30 p.m. , and they were waved over to a group of three males , about 16-20 years old , who were waiting for the delivery .
When they approached the group , two of them left to go get money , and when they returned , they tackled the victim , then kicked and beat him . During the assault , the victim said their wallet was stolen out of their pocket . They had about $ 60 cash , a bank card and their Brazilian ID card in their wallet , police said .
The attackers fled on foot , leaving the victim on the ground . Trumbull K9 Officer R.J. Carlson and their dog Storm searched the area but could not locate the suspects . The victim refused medical treatment .
Police are asking anyone who has information about the incident to contact the Trumbull Police Department at 203-261-3665 or via the anonymous and confidential tip line located on the website trumbull-ct.gov/police .
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Anshu Jain joins Cantor Fitzgerald as president amid growth push
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Susan Bro , the mother of Heather Heyer , holds a photo of Bro 's mother and their daughter , Monday , Aug. 14 , 2017 , in Charlottesville , Va. Heyer was killed Saturday , Aug. 12 , 2017 , when police say a man plowed their car into a group of demonstrators protesting the white nationalist rally . Bro said that they are going to bare their soul to fight for the cause that their daughter died for . Joshua Replogle AP Photo
Alyse Kotyk , CTV Vancouver
North Shore Rescue members became the first SAR team in British Colubmia to undergo resiliency training this week in an effort to help them cope with the often traumatic situations they encounter in the field .
“ This is something that we need to talk about more regularly . We need to watch out for each other and we need to understand that it 's normal to have these feelings and to talk about them , ” said NSR team leader , Mike Danks , calling the program “ a huge eye-opener . ”
While the North Shore 's mountains , canyons and coast offer countless adventures for outdoor enthusiasts , these environments can quickly become deadly when things go wrong . In 2016 alone , NSR responded to about 130 calls .
Made up of volunteers from a variety of professions , team members might not always be equipped to deal with the psychological toll of what they see while on duty .
On Tuesday , NSR addressed this by participating in a specialized resiliency training program called Resilient Minds developed by the BC Professional Firefighters ' Association .
“ I 've been to a lot of calls in the past and you kind of just shake it off and you move forward but , as of recently , everyone 's got a really busy life , you 've got a lot on your plate and you go to a call that maybe involves someone that you can relate to your family and that 's when it really hits you hard , ” Danks said .
Danks recalled a recent call they responded to when a seven-year-old girl died in Lions Bay . They said their team tried everything they could to save her , but was unsuccessful .
“ I went home to my family and I broke down . I had a seven-year-old at the time , ” they said . “ I was trying to process why this beautiful , young little girl was out hiking with their family , doing a wonderful thing and all of a sudden their life is taken away . ”
Now , Danks said NSR members are better-equipped to recognize the signs of stress and trauma in their colleagues .
“ This course is about being aware of those indicators and not shying away from someone that may potentially need help , ” they said .
Danks also said that family members and significant others can be crucial support systems for anyone who might be experiencing trauma , especially because those are the people who will notice a change in behaviour first .
Now that their team has benefited from the training , Danks hopes other SAR teams will participate as well .
“ It worked very well for our team . It was very well-received , ” they said . “ We believe in it and we really hope this will spread amongst all the other SAR teams in the province because it 's made a big difference for us . ”
With files from CTV Vancouver 's Scott Hurst
Reports of Ghana using child labour on its cocoa farms are grossly exaggerated and not a true reflection of practices in cocoa growing areas , the Western Regional Minister designate has said .
When they appeared before the Appointments Committee of Parliament ( ACP ) yesterday , Dr Kwaku Afriyie said they doubted the findings of researchers from the West on the country 's cocoa farms and insisted that the label only gave Ghana a bad name and should not be accepted .
“ Child labour is not a big issue in the cocoa industry in Ghana now . You have to segregate the cultural dimensions and our social set-up from what people label as child labour , ” they said .
Dr Afriyie , who is themselves a cocoa farmer with 16 farms in the Western Region , said children accompanying their parents to the farm without engaging in any strenuous work but to learn the operations of cocoa farms had been how knowledge was passed on from generation to generation and that did not amount to child labour .
He , however , admitted that the campaign against child labour had drawn attention to things that “ were bad for children in times past ” .
Ghana makes progress
Over the years , there have been a number of interventions in the cocoa sector concerning the use of child labour , particularly in Ghana and Cote d'Ivoire .
Research conducted by the Tulane University in New Orleans , Louisiana , USA , in 2015 established that Ghana 's efforts at stopping children from engaging in hazardous work were on course .
It established that in 2013/14 , the number of children in child labour in cocoa production decreased from 43.9 per cent to 41.1 per cent , with 96 per cent of them attending school in 2013/14 , as against 91 per cent in 2008/09 .
The research , which covered the 2008/09 and 2013/14 cocoa seasons , noted that against a backdrop of population growth and increases in cocoa production , Ghana managed to reduce the percentage of children exposed to hazardous work not only in cocoa but also other areas of child exploitation .
What 's the evidence ?
To give credence to the widely held opinion of child labour on the country 's cocoa farms , the Deputy Ranking Member of the ACP , Mohammed Muntaka Mubarak , pointed to research that showed that children and young adults aged between nine and 17 were exposed to hazardous occupational exposure , including strenuous work , pesticide , sprains , lacerations to the head , rashes and lack of safety practices .
But Dr Afriyie would not back down and stated that in research empirical evidence was important .
“ Where was the site ? When was the study conducted ? How many children were captured in the study ? And so on . I am not denying that you will not get cases of child labour , and for that matter child abuse , in any society , ” they said .
They insisted that the label was stigmatising , as child labour had its own cultural dimensions and should not be lumped together .
They said given the way things were going , if the nation did not exercise caution and accepted the label of child labour on its cocoa farms , the next generation would not have the requisite knowledge to take over the country 's cocoa industry .
The minister designate said what constituted strenuous work needed to be properly defined , otherwise even school athletics would be classified as strenuous work .
“ We have to sit down with them and go into the nitty-gritty and definitions . I know that they have the market because virtually no cocoa is consumed here . They may even be doing that to hold the prices of cocoa down , ” they said in reference to the country 's donors and Western countries that are critical of child labour on cocoa farms on the continent .
Dr Afriyie stated that a more critical research would be to look into the matter of children who had been injured by sharp tools on farms and the academic performance of children in cocoa-growing areas .
Blessed & cursed
On the development of the Western Region , they said the demand for development was not self-centredness , as the region contributed significantly to the development of Ghana through its resources , including cocoa , oil palm , timber , rubber , gold , manganese and bauxite , but its roads remained some of the worst in the country .
They observed that although the region was blessed with natural resources , it was also cursed , as the resources did not reflect in its development .
They condemned the practice of labelling roads being constructed in the region as ‘ cocoa roads ' because it showed that funds that should go into the pockets of farmers as higher cocoa producer price were instead being used for road construction .
They said during their tenure , they would concentrate on empowering rural women , ensure that roads in the region were improved and empower young people in remote parts of the region to put premium on education .
Beyond perception
The Ranking Member of the ACP , Mr Haruna Iddrisu , urged the nominee to go beyond their perception of child labour on cocoa farms and “ interrogate many of the findings , as the findings were starkly opposite to your position as of today ” .
War on galamsey
With galamsey reducing the country 's water bodies to muddy pools , the Chairman of the committee , Mr Joseph Osei-Wusu , urged the nominee to declare war on all those destroying the country 's water bodies .
When the nominee for the Ashanti Region , Mr Simon Osei-Mensah , took their turn , they pledged to ensure that all projects started in the NDC regime were completed .
They also promised to ensure that Lake Bosumtwi , the country 's only natural lake , received a facelift with the construction of a reception centre , restaurants , artwfact centres and entertainment centres around it .
Other nominees who appeared before the committee were the Eastern and Greater Accra Regional ministers designate , Mr Eric Kwakye Darfour and Mr Ishmael Ashitey , respectively .
A man killed in a domestic-related shooting Saturday morning has been identified by the Clark County Coroner 's Office .
Medical examiners identified the man as 33-year-old Brandon Payton . They died from a gunshot wound to the arm . The manner was ruled a homicide .
Lt. Dustin Butler with Metro police said officers responded to a domestic disturbance on the 5300 block of River Glen Drive , near South Lindell Road and West Flamingo Road , at 9:28 a.m .
The couple had separated before , but had recently gotten back together and were fighting , according to police .
The female was armed with a gun and the argument escalated to the point where they shot and killed Payton , police said .
The woman is in custody , according to police .
Stay with FOX5 for more updates .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
WOL Sports Desk will take a look at mock drafts until the real NFL draft takes place April 26th-28th in Dallas and give you a peek at players some of the expert analysis believe may join the Burgandy and Gold for the 2018-19 season .
Denzel Ward , Cornerback , Ohio State
Denzel Ward is one of the premier CB prospects coming into this years draft . Though Ward is a bit undersized at 5'11 and 183 lbs , they make up for it with their superior athleticism , smart play and ballhawking ability.Ward was first-team All-American and all-conference in 2017 racking up 37 tackles , two for loss , two interceptions , and ranked top 10 in the nation with 15 pass breakups .
The signing of former Dallas CB Orlando Scandrick is a good replacement after the loss of Bashaud Breeland this offseason . In this current passing league , you can never have too many good corners . Ward looks like they have the ability to become a day 1 starter at the nickel position in Washington and make an immediate impact on a secondary that struggled at times last year .
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
3:45
Houston County 's Hunter Henry is the All-Middle Georgia Boys Soccer Player of the Year .
This was narrated by an eyewitness . The bill from a date out with some girls in Lagos left them shocked and the “ English speaking ” guys started begging when the manager boldly confronted them after they initially refused to pay up . More tweets after the cut .
Despite being neighbors just 40 miles apart , Dallas and Fort Worth could not be more different . Fort Worth is often associated with the rustic side of life , with cowboys , horses , and nods to the West . But , they do n't call Fort Worth Funky Town for nothing though .
If you 've ever lived in Funky Town , run down this list of “ You Know You 're From Fort Worth When… ” and see how many items you can check !
You get your coffee from Avoca because you 're too cool for Starbucks .
A new Café carrying our coffee and products . @ modbar @ mahlkonigusa @ wilburcurtisco @ sterling_tea @ avocacoffeeroasters # espresso # dripcoffee # icedteas # hotteas A post shared by AVOCA Coffee Roasters ( @ avocacoffeeroasters ) on Mar 1 , 2017 at 9:36am PST
You know what the New Orleans-Style is .
In case you do n't know , New Orleans-Style is their STRONGEST brew , made with syrup and milk over ice .
Ice coffee from Avoca . New Orleans style ! A post shared by Ashleigh ( @ ashleighharlowe ) on Jan 18 , 2015 at 1:28pm PST
You schedule your events around TCU sporting activities .
It seems the whole city of Fort Worth shuts down every Saturday afternoon , because everybody bleeds Purple .
You have a curated ranking of taco joints .
There are plenty to choose from : Salsa Limón . Taco Heads . Yucatan Taco Stand . You really ca n't go wrong with any kind of taco .
How about a strawberry margarita for your brunch time ? Special drink , just at Salsa Limon Centro , Downtown Fort Worth . # Verano pic.twitter.com/L4Fs8giU2N — MiloRamirez ( @ Salsa_Limon ) July 30 , 2017
You never get tired of barbecue .
Much like out taco theory , you can never go wrong with barbecue , and Fort Worth , again , has PLENTY of AMAZING spots to choose from , from Heim , Riscky 's , Woodshed and Railhead .
Angelo 's , Fort Worth , Texas # photoglife # txbbq # greattaxidermy A post shared by R.J. Hinkle ( @ rjhinkle ) on Sep 19 , 2017 at 9:59am PDT
You have your parking hacks for downtown , West Seventh , the Near Southside and TCU .
Parking is tough downtown , especially if you do n't want to pay , but if you 're a native Fort Worthian , you know ALL the best spots and secret places to score some free parking .
A new lot is open near West 7th Street in Fort Worth to help ease parking problems : https : //t.co/936XeknEoJ — NBC DFW ( @ NBCDFW ) October 6 , 2017
Public art = photo op .
Fort Worth is beautiful , as long as you know where to look !
Someone said that art is everywhere around us , if we only know where to look . Here are 15 public art pieces in FW . https : //t.co/uAFfRebQP6 pic.twitter.com/DaklhrXgLf — Fort Worth ( @ VisitFortWorth ) March 12 , 2017
You have an affinity for all things vintage .
Along with its affinity for the rustic , Fort Worth has an affinity for the vintage , ranging over everything from decor to clothing !
Fort Worth ofrece una excelente variedad de tiendas , como W Durable Goods . # SeeFortWorth pic.twitter.com/sIwdlElYg4 — Turistampa ( @ TuristampaNews ) September 11 , 2016
You 're friends with someone who runs a big business…
You might just happen to be neighbors with the CEO of a HUGE national corporation , but they do n't want to leave the small town feel Funky Town has to offer…
…or someone who owns a relatively popular local business .
…or you might just happen to be neighbors with the fella who owns the local ice cream joint or barber shop . Fort Worth brings all these people together !
Live music is your jam .
Billy Bob 's . Need we say more ?
You own a pair of cowboy boots .
Cowboys and culture , Boots and Opera . We ARE in Fort Worth ! pic.twitter.com/oR9xmxPLxT — Matt Dufrene ( @ Matt_Dufrene ) May 7 , 2016
Starting day 2 of # NAMA17 at the Fort Worth Stockyards y'all . Cattle . Cowboys . And Boots . pic.twitter.com/hiP9iVjOUO — Niki VanDuzer ( @ NikiVanD ) April 26 , 2017
You 're just a straight-up nice person .
Ok . This is n't exactly exclusive a Fort Worth thing , but it definitely a Texas thing ! Southerners are just nicer , which is one of the many reasons we never want to leave !
Via FWTX
The Federal Reserve and other U.S. regulatory agencies proposed Wednesday to revise the Volcker Rule to apply to financial firms based on their trading activity , CNBC reported .
`` This proposed rule will tailor the Volcker rule 's requirements by focusing the most comprehensive compliance regime on the firms that do the most trading , '' Fed Chair Jerome Powell said in a statement . `` Firms that do more modest amounts of trading will face fewer requirements . ''
The Volcker Rule was proposed during the financial crisis in an effort to prevent banks from speculating in markets . The rule went into effect four years ago and generally prevents banks from trading for their own profit or having stakes in a hedge fund or private equity fund .
For reponse teams , what might look like one big damaging Idaho winter is actually five separate events , each requiring its own response from local , state and federal agencies . The task of dealing with the impacts , even as summer now approaches , is
Dublin 's Diarmuid Connolly has failed to have the 12 week suspension they received from the Central Competitions Control Committee ( CCCC ) overturned .
The forward stood before the Central Hearings Committee last night hoping that the ban for ‘ 'minor physical interference ' with linesman Ciaran Branigan would be upheld .
At 2:47am last night , the GAA released a statement announcing that Connolly 's ban has been upheld .
An Lar Choiste Cheannais na gComOrtaisi ( Central Competitions Control Committee ) took Disciplinary Action against Diarmuid O Conghaile alleging a breach of Riail 7.2 ( b ) Category V ( i ) T.O . 2017 , “ Minor physical interference with a Linesman ”
Diarmuid O Conghaile requested a Hearing which took place on 13ú Meitheamh . An Lar Choiste Eisteachta ( Central Hearings Committee ) found the infraction proven and imposed the following penalty : 12 weeks Suspension in all Codes and at all Levels .
Diarmuid O Conghaile has the option of appealing against the decision of An Lar Choiste Eisteachta to the Central Appeals Committee .
Connolly was given the suspension by the ( CCCC ) for laying their hand on the shoulder of linesman Ciarán Branagan during their side 's Leinster SFC quarter-final win over Carlow earlier this month .
The ban is set see the boys in blue without their forward until the weekend of Dublin 's All-Ireland semi-final should the side win the Leinster title and win the All-Ireland quarter-final which follows . Although this bid was rejected by the CHC that 's not to say that the St Vincent 's forward wo n't line out for Dublin in the Leinster SFC semi-final against either Offaly or Westmeath .
Uncertainty faces the boys in blue and Connolly themselves – one thing comforting many a Dub fan today , is that they 've been through this before and unsurprisingly won .
In 2011 , Connolly received for a red card in the All-Ireland semi-final for punching Donegal 's Marty Boyle the CHC overturned the ban allowing them to line out in the final against Kerry .
But it was back in 2015 when Connolly set the precedent that fans will look upon for hope . In the All-Ireland semi-final against Mayo Connolly was sent off for striking their Mayo Keegan while on the floor .
The appeal passed through the CHC and then the Central Appeals Committee which is where Connolly will likely go next . But there is no doubt that this will end up on the desk of the Disputes Regulation Authority – a body independent of the GAA and have the final say on all disciplinary issues . On the eve of the semi-final replay , the DRA decided to overturn the ban .
With the precedent behind them and how lucky they have been over the years . Whether people think it 's right or wrong – Connolly will get off .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Gary Rowett has paid tribute to Richard Keogh after the Derby County captain signed a new contract with the Rams .
Keogh has put pen to paper on a three-and-a-half-year deal that will run until the summer of 2021 .
The Republic of Ireland international has been in fine form this season alongside Curtis Davies at the heart of the defence .
The 31-year-old made 276 appearances for Derby since joining the club from Coventry City for £1m in the summer of 2012 , scoring eight goals .
They have twice been named Derby 's player of the year .
( Image : Andy Clarke )
“ He has been a fantastic servant for this football club over the last few years and they were very keen to commit their future for the long-term , '' said Rams boss Rowett .
“ I have nothing but high regard for Rich and it 's fantastic that we have been able to tie them down for longer .
“ He is a real link for me to the dressing room and , in particular , is someone I 'll sit down with regularly and chat over a few things .
`` I have a good relationship with them and you need a strong relationship with your captain as a manager .
“ You want someone who is going to portray your values out on the pitch and they do that really well . ”
ARDMORE , Okla. -- An Ardmore non-profit group is providing counseling to area schools to help students with behavioral problems .
Restoring Lives has set a goal to set those students up for success in the future . In creating a student assistance program , organization has been using college interns with a background in psychotherapy to counsel students in a group setting at Jefferson Elementary School .
Founder Shanita Jones says it 's vital to teach students important life skills at a young age .
`` [ We are ] giving them skill sets they need to help them change their behavior , '' they explained. `` Giving them social skill or emotional intelligence skills in order for them to communicate what 's going on with them instead of acting out what 's going on with them . ''
Jones is hoping the Restoring Lives program can expand to middle schools and high schools , especially those that have lost funds and resources due to Oklahoma budget cuts .
`` We 're just here trying to bridge the gap between some of the losses that we 've had because of the changes in the economy and budget in the school systems , '' they said .
Current intern Kirk Russell has been in the program for four weeks now .
`` I just see a need for the help with the behaviors because I see that there are some things that are underlining their behavior that 's causing them to act this way , '' they said .
Restoring Lives is now actively looking for college interns for the next few school years .
`` It 's a great opportunity for you to learn , as an intern , how to do things in a group setting , and even the opportunity to do some pro bono if those children do n't have local counselors , '' Jones said .
Restoring Lives is also working on a student mentorship program where counselors will be able to meet with students one-on-one for a couple of hours per week .
This story is about Published 1h
West Texas OL Jaylon Thomas gives SMU verbal commitment Share This Story On ... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Louis DeLuca/Staff Photographer SMU fans get revved up before kickoff during the University of Memphis Tigers vs. the SMU Mustangs NCAA football game at Gerald J. Ford Stadium in Dallas on Saturday , November 5 , 2016 . ( Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News )
By EJ Holland , Special Contributor Contact EJ Holland on Twitter : @ EJHolland247
SMU has scored another win on the recruiting trail . This time around , Chad Morris and company landed a verbal commitment from Lubbock Coronado offensive lineman Jaylon Thomas . They announced their decision via Twitter .
After praying and talking with my family I have made my decision to verbally commit to SMU ! ! 🐴🔵🔴 # PonyUp pic.twitter.com/B79kEbjwUp — Jaylon Thomas ( @ JaylonThomas10 ) June 15 , 2017
Thomas committed to SMU over an offer from Tulsa . At 6-foot-5 , 268 pounds , Thomas is not ranked at this time . SMU now has 12 commits in its 2018 class .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
1:48
Cal Poly grad 's Farmbot aims to revolutionize food production — one garden bed at a time
For a few of our tips this month we 're going to look at some newly added features in recent NLE updates that provide some new functionality . We 'll start with Adobe Premiere Pro .
I welcome non-linear editing applications adding features they steal borrow from their competitors . A recent addition to Adobe Premiere Pro is simple but nice if you 're coming from Avid .
With this preference checked then a Match Frame will place an IN point at the match frame when it loads it into the Source monitor . There is no OUT point marked unless you want to count the tail frame of the clip in the Source as the out point which it technically is .
With this preference unchecked then PPro will mark the clip 's IN to OUT duration from what has been used in the timeline when it matches frames in the Source monitor . With it unchecked the playhead will park on the frame from the timeline when the clip is match framed with the IN to OUT marked .
Both of these options are handy so it 's nice to be able to choose . I love preferences you can toggle on and off .
Have your own editing and post-production related QuickTip for # 28daysofQuickTips 2018 that you 'd like to share ? Know a killer Adobe Premiere Pro , Final Cut Pro X , Avid Media Composer or DaVinci Resolve tip that no one else knows ? Want to possibly win a prize ? Then click over to the post announcing this year 's # 28daysofQuickTips and find out how you can send in your own QuickTip .
Was This Post Helpful :
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Alan Pardew remains the racing favourite to be the next manager - but after Mauricio Pellegrino was sacked by Southampton , there are n't many other candidates .
Chelsea boss Antonio Conte is actually second favourite with Skybet , but is a 9/1 shot , while David Moyes of West Ham is third favourite at 14/1 .
Conte has been linked with roles back in Italy this season while West Ham has been subject to supporter unrest .
Pardew has enjoyed just a single victory in the 18 matches that they have been in charge at The Hawthorns .
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger is 18/1 with Skybet .
The odds of no manager being sacked at all is 10/1 , while Sam Allardyce is an 25/1 shot .
Less surprising is the manager considered safest . Pep Guardiola , who is running away with the championship at Manchester City , is 100/1 against being the next manager to depart .
Tonsfeldt was hot early pushing the Spuds to a 15-5 advantage .
The Lakers stayed within a 10-point margin the remainder of the half .
Mikayla Markuson hit a three-point basket to cut Moorhead 's lead to 34-24 and Bre Price had the final bucket of the half to head to the locker room only down eight points .
The Spuds kicked into gear in the second half on a 37-21 run to lead 71-45 with four minutes to play . Freshman guard Ayana Blythe poured in 20 points for Moorhead .
Emily Larson led the Lakers with 12 points ; Bre Price had 10 . Abby Schramel was limited to eight points after finding foul trouble .
Moorhead has won five consecutive games to improve to 17-6 overall . Detroit Lakes falls to 11-12 and will face Albany in the final home game of the regular season Friday , Feb. 17 . The Huskies are 14-8 .
DL 26 26 — 52
MHD 34 37 — 71
DL - E. Larson 12 , Price 10 , Schramel 8 , N. Larson 7 , Markuson 6 , Manning 5 , Clem 2 , Kirchner 2 .
Pop singer and actor Nick Jonas is apparently shooting a music video all day Monday in the South County .
“ This is without a doubt the biggest thing we 've ever seen , ” said Tom Weeden , the general manager at the Pacific Dunes Ranch in Oceano . Weeden confirmed that someone was shooting a music video there , though they said people running the shoot did not tell management who the musician is .
“ This is prime-time stuff , apparently , ” Weeden said . “ We have no idea . ”
Extras at the RV park confirmed to The Tribune that the shoot was for Nick Jonas .
According to a Nick Jonas fan account , the musician and actor was shooting a new music video on Monday , though they did not specify where the shoot was taking place .
The account shared a screenshot of a since-deleted Tweet that said : “ Perks of going to school in California : going with your friends to be in the Nick Jonas music video tomorrow and getting paid $ 200 for it . ”
A call for music video extras was posted on Craigslist on Friday . The post specifically asked for men and women ages 18 to 26 to work for 10 hours on Monday in Pismo Beach .
Y'all better be ready cause it looks like Nick Jonas is going to be shooting a new music video today . # NickJonas pic.twitter.com/jtHrmbkm5b — Nick Jonas Fandom ( @ NickJonasUPD ) August 13 , 2017
On Sunday , Jonas posted a picture on Instagram with the caption : “ Took a drive along the coast today , ” though it 's unclear where the picture was taken . Jonas released a single , “ Remember I Told You , ” in May , but , as Rolling Stone reported , “ Jonas has yet to reveal if ‘ Remember I Told You ' will lead to a new album this year . ”
Took a drive along the coast today . A post shared by Nick Jonas ( @ nickjonas ) on Aug 13 , 2017 at 8:54pm PDT
Kylee Corliss , the San Luis Obispo County Film Commission liaison , said in an email that a music video was being shot this week in San Luis Obispo County .
“ That is all I can confirm at this point , ” Corliss wrote . “ Typically , when we work with the companies , we are required to keep certain information confidential until the shoot has been completed . This is due to concerns with crowd control and ensuring their production is not interrupted . ”
Corliss added that , this year , the commission has received requests for filming from companies including Fox , Paramount , Netflix and DIY Network .
Nobody in the eastern part of Nigeria and in the other parts of the country will forget in a haste the remarkable and memorable event that took place in Nsukka Diocese five years ago when a real Nigerian with nationalist credentials , a global citizen with global affiliations , affections and associations , yet with an authentic and well-honed African ancestry , Very Rev . Msgr . Godfrey Igwebuike Onah was consecrated and installed as the second Bishop of Nsukka Diocese on 4th July , 2013 .
It is now five solid years that Most Rev . Godfrey Igwebuike Onah succeeded to the See of the Catholic Diocese of Nsukka , following the effective retirement of its pioneer Bishop , the Most Rev . Dr. Francis Emmanuel Ogbonnaya Okobo , on April 13 , 2013 .
Five years ago , the Catholic Diocese of Nsukka moved from “ Surgite Eamus Hinc ” to “ Volumus Iesum Videre ” . This was indeed a positive movement in the right direction in which we found a credible link for transforming the church and society in Nsukka Diocese .
Five years ago saw the episcopal consecration of an enviable fruit from a deep-rooted stock from Imilike-Ani in Udenu Local Government Area , Enugu State . The stock was called to take over the shepherd baton from Most Rev . Dr. Francis Ogbonnaya Okobo and to rise up to the challenges of leading a people with variegated culture and orientations . With their high academic pedigree coupled with so many local and international experiences in the ministry before their appointment as the Chief Shepherd of Nsukka Diocese , no one doubted their capacity and capability since they already had a multi-faceted pastoral exposure .
It is now five years of transfer of baton of faith , geared towards sustaining the messianic mandate of John 21:17 – “ feed my sheep ” .
In order to show that they were in full grasp of the historical antecedents and the humble expectations of their people , Most Rev . Godfrey I. Onah chose an operational caveat that was not just ad rem to the religious plight of the people but methodically satisfied the spiritual desire of a people who were eager to rise from their dungeon of obnoxious cultural practices .
It was a motto of a highly-motivated spirit-filled visionary coated with emblem of consciousness that integrates all facets of wholistic human formation viz ; religious , social , political and economical growth hence , “ VOLUMUS IESUM VIDERE ” – WE WANT TO SEE JESUS ” . They chose this phrase taken from the request some Greeks made to the Apostle Philip in John 12:21 . This phrase expresses not only a prayer but also a multi-directional project . The Bishop sees their episcopal ministry as an invitation to a closer and more profound personal encounter with Jesus . They also would like to take along with them in this spiritual journey all the faithful of Nsukka Diocese together with their culture .
For they believe that the redemptive encounter of a people and its culture with Jesus has liberating and invigorating effects . The motto is also a reminder to them and to all Christians that people expect to see Jesus in them .
Like a pirandallo , and a leader who knows the route , Bishop Onah for the past five years has been echoing their motto through various dimensions in their Episcopal apostolate . For the past five years , they have been calling the people of Nsukka and beyond to a profound spiritual motivation , faithful desire , zealous fight for the sake of the gospel , positive decisions , internal and external struggles , religious campaign launch , communal togetherness and freedom from evil machinations .
We want to see Jesus – is a humble appeal of a pastor who is not satisfied with the cultural , socio-political and religious status quo of a people enshrouded by darkness of the mind and spirit . It is a tremendous sonorous call waking up the slumbering darkened-communities to knit themselves together and take the bull by the horn for renewal .
We want to see Jesus – is a positive revolutionary outcry that has to do with some positive deliberate actions geared towards growth and development . It therefore shuns redundancy . To this end , Bishop Godfrey I. Onah is a locomotive vibrant revolutionary who for the past five years has moved to almost all the corners of Nsukka challenging openly and squarely all kinds of devilish practices that negates the message of Christ and blurs our vision from being Christ-like .
Like the reputable ancient leaders and fathers of our faith , they have positively launched transforming attacks upon attacks to instil a true religious spirit and practices amongst the sheep entrusted to their care .
The people of Nsukka for the past five years have witnessed an administration that synchronizes reasonably with John Dewey 's progressive educational principles . A system that eschews minimalism , uncomfortable with mediocrity and laisser-faire attitude but progresses from one level to another . Such is their administration because it has been a continuum from what they received from Most Rev . Dr. Francis Ogbonnaya Okobo , Rev . Frs . James Mellet , Aloysius Muller , Vincent Davey , Joseph Horgan and other early missionaries .
In living out their motto , one finds in Father Godfrey Onah , a veritable instrument of transformational pastorship , a viable vehicle which they employed tactically to enhance the motivation , morale and performance of their followers through a variety of mechanisms .
Transformational pastorship entails connecting the flock 's sense of identity and self to the projects and task ahead and the collective identity of the entire operational body ; being a role model for followers that inspires them and makes them interested , challenging followers to the greater ownership of their work and understanding the strengths and weaknesses of followers ; so the leader can align followers with tasks that enhance performance .
As a true transforming agent , Bishop Onah 's episcopacy for the past five years has covered the full range of individual and collective consideration , intellectual stimulation , inspirational motivation and idealized influence .
Father Bishop for the past five years has created many parishes and centers of Worship , thus has brought the good news of Christ to every doorstep in Nsukka Diocese .
On another development within these five years , our gigantic cathedral project was not left out . The leaky roof has been fixed and standardized . The shaky foundations reinforced and consolidated . Presently , work has been going on and on with great gusto and vigour .
More so , the spiritual year housing project is still on alongside the printing press permanent site , purchase of some printing equipment and many other properties needed for diocesan sustenance and maintenance .
Much as this piece is not intended to enumerate comprehensively the list of the great achievements of Father Bishop , one may not be out of place to say that in Nsukka Diocese , priests , religious and lay faithful are simply happy and proud of the Catholic Church . We congratulate our Bishop and we wish them happier and more fruitful episcopate . NNA ANYI BISHOPU , JISIE IKE N'ORU !
By Rev . Fr . Matthew Eze Onyediora
Two police officers were shot and critically wounded in Dallas , Texas on Tuesday , authorities said .
The cops were struck by gunfire near a Home Depot at about 4:15 p.m. , according to the Dallas Morning News .
They had responded to the scene to assist in a shoplifting arrest , according to WFAA-TV .
The suspected shooter fled the locations and was being sought on Tuesday evening .
Movistar rider takes their eighth stage victory in the history of the race
Alejandro Valverde ( Movistar ) took victory in the opening stage of the Ruta del Sol , winning the sprint ahead of an elite group of climbers that went clear over the final ascent of the day .
Valverde is a four-time winner of this race , and took their eighth Ruta del Sol stage win as they shadowed numerous attacks from Alberto Contador ( Trek-Segafredo ) up the Alto de Monachil .
The Movistar rider reached the summit of the final climb with 19km to alongside a small group of climbers , before attacking on the technical descent to go solo .
They were joined by Contador , Wout Poels and Diego Rosa ( Team Sky ) , Sebastien Reichenbach ( FDJ ) , and Ion Izaguirre ( Bahrain-Merida ) , with the elite group of climbers battling it out on the flat finish in Granada .
And it was Valverde who proved the fastest , comfortably beating Poels and Reichenbach in the final sprint for the line .
The break went early on the first stage of the Ruta del Sol , with Georg Preidler ( Team Sunweb ) Tosh Van der Sande ( Lotto-Soudal ) , Florian Sénéchal ( Cofidis ) , Berden de Vries ( Roompot-Nederlandse Loterij ) , Daniel Turek ( Israel Cycling Academy ) , Kirill Sveshnikov ( Gazprom-RusVelo ) , and Ibai Salas ( Burgos BH ) going clear .
The group had quickly built a gap of more than five minutes within the first 30km , but with Alberto Contador 's Trek-Segafredo team taking up the chase at around the mid-point of the stage , the gap quickly began to fall .
The break 's advantage dropped below a minute for the first time with 55km to go , with Turek , Van de Sande and Sénéchal seperating themselves from their breakaway companions shortly after .
However with the final climb of the day , Alto de Monachil rapidly approaching , Trek-Segafredo continued to set a fearsome pace , catching the remains of the break with 36km remaining , six kilometres before the start of the climb .
The American team continued to set the pace at the start of the ascent , with Jesus Hernandez and Haimar Zubeldia riding hard to shed a number of riders off the back of the peloton .
> > > Watch : Alejandro Valverde catches some air in daring descent on way to Vuelta a Murcia win
As the climb started to ramp up , Trek-Segafredo were joined on the front of the main group by riders from Movistar and Team Sky , but it was Contador who launched the first attack .
Contador quickly opened a significant gap , with Alejandro Valverde seeing the need to follow the move to join their compatriot at the front of the race .
However the two Spaniards could not hold the same seering pace on the steep roads , being joined by Wout Poels and Diego Rosa , Ion Izaguirre , and Rigoberto Uran ( Cannondale-Drapac ) .
That elite front group became steadily less select as more riders joined up from behind , with one of those riders , Mikel Landa ( Team Sky ) taking the opportunity to go over the top of the group and open a slender gap with two kilometres to go to the summit of the climb .
But Contador has grit between their teeth , reeling in Landa before the top of the climb , before Valverde leapt clear on the technical first few kilometres of the descent .
The Movistar rider reached speeds of 100kmh on the descent , but was joined by Izaguirre , Contador and Rosa with 10km to go .
> > > Ruta del Sol 2017 TV guide
Three of those four worked hard to maintain their advantage , but Rosa chose to sat on as team-mate Poels chased with Reichenbach behind , making the junction with three kilometres remaining to the finish in Granada .
As the sextet went under the flamme rouge , Reichenbach launched a brief , futile attack form the back of the group , but it was Valverde who opened the sprint .
And the Spaniard never looked like losing , with none of the climbers in the group able to come close to making the catch .
Result
Ruta del Sol 2017 , stage one : Rincón de la Victoria to Granada , 155.4km
1 . Alejandro Valverde ( Esp ) Movistar , in 4-02-28
2 . Wout Poels ( Ned ) Team Sky
3 . Sebastien Reichenbach ( Sui ) FDJ )
4 . Diego Rosa ( Ita ) Team Sky
5 . Ion Izaguirre ( Esp ) Bahrain-Merida
6 . Alberto Contador ( Esp ) Trek-Segafredo , all at same time
7 . Thibaut Pinot ( Fra ) FDJ , at 5 secs
8 . Mikel Landa ( Esp ) Team Sky
9 . Rigoberto Uran ( Col ) Cannondale-Drapac
10 . Warren Barguil ( Fra ) Team Sunweb , all at same time
General classification after stage one
1 . Alejandro Valverde ( Esp ) Movistar
2 . Wout Poels ( Ned ) Team Sky
3 . Sebastien Reichenbach ( Sui ) FDJ )
4 . Diego Rosa ( Ita ) Team Sky
5 . Ion Izaguirre ( Esp ) Bahrain-Merida
6 . Alberto Contador ( Esp ) Trek-Segafredo
7 . Thibaut Pinot ( Fra ) FDJ
8 . Mikel Landa ( Esp ) Team Sky
9 . Rigoberto Uran ( Col ) Cannondale-Drapac
10 . Warren Barguil ( Fra ) Team Sunweb
So , what does Jake Arrieta 's deal with the Phillies really mean ? Is it a sign that the rebuilding/rethinking/remodeling Phillies are more ready to contend than people think ? A sign that certain players are forcing themselves or being forced to perform personal reality checks ? A sign that baseball might be headed toward the end , or at least one disruption , of unprecedented labour peace ? All the above ?
Arrieta has a three-year deal worth $ 75 million overall , and $ 55 million of it will be paid to them in the first two years . If the Phillies do n't move on trying to agree on an extension with them before those first two years finish , Arrieta can opt out of the deal and play the market again . And they may want to think twice about that considering what happened when they played the market this year .
For one thing , they are n't the pitcher in 2016-17 that they were in 2014-15 . Not even close . They were good enough to help the Cubs to that staggering World Series win in 2016 , but good enough was n't equal to that Cy Young Award-winning 2015 . And , last year , Arrieta looked sharp enough at times but they no longer got deep into the sixth inning , if they got there at all .
For a 32-year-old starting pitcher , that was simply not going to get them either the $ 200 million they were known to seek on their next deal or even something equivalent to Jon Lester 's $ 155 million . He 'll be baseball 's seventh highest-paid pitcher in 2018 , based on the average annual value of their deal , but both Arrieta and the Phillies have to be concerned as to whether their best seasons may be behind him .
The Cubs were willing to offer Arrieta what they ended up handing Yu Darvish . Arrieta thought their market was a little better than that , possibly thinking in the back of their mind , too , that they did n't have Darvish 's most recent taint . But that was n't what Arrieta sought . And the Cubs decided they 'd have a simpler time correcting what got Darvish murdered in Game 7 of the World Series than maybe overpaying an Arrieta who might be starting their downslope in earnest .
The Phillies probably think their mostly youthful pitching staff can only benefit from Arrieta 's experience , and they 're probably right . Just as they thought their infield would benefit from signing Carlos Santana — whose Indians got thatclose to beating Arrieta 's Cubs in the 2016 Series — for three years and $ 60 million . The projections on such young Phillies as Rhys Hoskins , J.P. Crawford , and jack-of-all-trades-in-waiting Scott Kingery , and a pack of high-upside pitchers looming from the farm system , give Phillies fans something they have n't had in several years — optimism , and maybe a little excitement in the package .
What the Arrieta and Santana deals wo n't do just yet is give the players suggestions on how to overcome the manner in which they outsmarted themselves in the last collective bargaining agreement . Their championship of the qualifying offer did that to them . I 'll let Yahoo ! Sports 's Jeff Passan explain :
`` The qualifying offer , a mechanism put in place to compensate teams losing frontline free agents , also includes a salary dampener : it penalizes the teams that sign the players . In the previous CBA , the penalty was a first-round pick . This time around , as the parties were negotiating , they settled on something that may be even worse .
`` Teams that pay revenue sharing — the richest half — give up second- and fifth-round draft picks if they sign a player with a qualifying offer attached . Multiple GMs pegged the value of a second-round pick between $ 6 million and $ 8 million . Additionally , $ 1 million of their international bonus-pool money is taken away . Teams value that million bucks at more like $ 5 million because the value of young players from Latin America is so much higher than what teams are allowed to spend .
`` ... And had the MLBPA simply agreed to an international draft instead of this capped system that restricts spending on amateurs , what , multiple sources say , could have been negotiated ? An end to the qualifying offer . ''
That , Passan says , is how Mike Moustakas ended up re-signing with the Royals , as they did last week : `` The draft picks and international money gave teams an excuse to offer them that much less money . Concerns over how their husky body would age limited the deal 's length . The lack of viable third-base landing spots allowed for lowball offers . Moustakas misread the market desperately , waiting out a correction that never turned , hoping teams would prioritize winning when they sensed so many of their brethren were n't , falling prey like so many other players . ''
Not to mention that the coming 2018-19 free agency market has a far more attractive third baseman awaiting it , Manny Machado . And , with Machado likely to be on that market , in hand with Bryce Harper , Clayton Kershaw ( assuming the Dodgers do n't get to work on extending their franchise bellwether ) , and Madison Bumgarner ( if the Giants do n't work on extending him , letting them play the market rather than pick up their 2019 team option ) , it 's not unrealistic to think of a large number of teams preparing for that market .
Arrieta signing with the Phillies is n't the only player whose new deal has their new club possibly thinking about fireworks this year . Lance Lynn signed a one-year , $ 12 million deal with the Twins . Twins players are said to be casting longing eyes on the postseason with that deal . Baseball realists are pondering that Lynn ended up signing for less than the Cardinals offered in their qualifying offer . Just as Moustakas did in returning to the Royals . ( The Royals ' qualifying offer was the same as the Cardinals ' to Lynn : $ 17 million for 2018 . ) The Cardinals get a draft pick . Lynn and Moustakas gave themselves the shaft .
The Major League Baseball Players Association thinks teams like the Athletics , the Marlins , the Pirates , and the Rays have n't been spending their revenue-sharing money correctly . So says the grievance they filed last week . The union might want to ponder how that last CBA , and that last adjustment to the qualifying offer rules , shot themselves in part of the foot .
The Pirates have a problem that is n't as simple as what they will or wo n't spend . As ESPN 's David Schoenfeld points out , they 've been short-sighted drafters .
Consider :
— 2008 : They did draft Pedro Alvarez , who was n't insignificant in their recent postseason entrants , but they could have had Eric Hosmer and Buster Posey .
— 2009 : They did draft Tony Sanchez , who ended up with only 144 major league at-bats , when they could have drafted — even in a comparatively modest overall draft class — Stephen Strasburg , Mike Trout , or A.J . Pollock .
— 2010 : They did draft Jameson Taillon , who may yet prove a solid major league pitcher , but they could have drafted Manny Machado .
— 2011 : They did draft Gerrit Cole , who came as advertised ... except for that pesky little factor of five other first-round picks from that class producing more wins above replacement-level players , including Francisco Lindor ... who went eighth in that draft . And they no longer have Cole : they traded them to the Astros this winter for Joe Musgrove ( starter-reliever ) , Michael Feliz ( relief pitcher ) , Colin Moran ( spare part at third base ) , and one prospect ( Jason Martin , outfielder ) .
— 2012 : They did draft Mark Appel . Appel did n't sign with the Pirates . The Pirates could have had either Addison Russell or Corey Seager in that draft . Appel ended up in the Astros organization , going number one in the following year 's draft , where they were mishandled at one minor league stop , dealt with too many injury issues , and was finally traded to the Phillies in the package that got the Astros the star-crossed Ken Giles . Appel retired in February without pitching a single major league inning .
— 2013 : They did draft Austin Meadows ( ninth overall ) and Reese McGuire ( fourteenth overall ) , Meadows coming in the compensation pick they got when Appel declined to sign . Neither is in the Show yet . McGuire is now in the Blue Jays organization . Guess who the Pirates could have taken in that draft ? Hint : A section of Yankee Stadium is now named after them by their adoring fans : the Judge 's Chambers .
Meanwhile , that separate spring training camp for unsigned free agents continues apace . Little by little , it seems , the camp is becoming less crowded . But the current uneasy market corrections and the flaws in the last CBA continue likewise . Whether they 're headed for a sensible resolution or a clash equal to the worst of the late 20th Century upheavals is anyone 's guess for now .
But ponder this , too : The real stars did n't exactly hurt this winter . Darvish , Hosmer , and J.D . Martinez ( five years , $ 110 million ) should have showed that the market for true stars ( however flawed ) did n't exactly derail . There probably are teams who tried to be frugal this winter in order to be able to play next winter 's market , which will be bigger than this one 's was .
And something else has changed . Aside from the increased and deeper testing for actual or alleged performance-enhancing substances , analytics have both deepened even the ordinary fan 's understanding of what does or does n't make a valuable player ... and shown only too many older players less valuable than they look .
Which is good and bad . Good because improving the play and perception of the game is always in baseball 's best interest . Bad because nobody can figure out whether the owners are trying a new breed of collusion ( as opposed to the clumsy mid-1980s ones that cost them dearly after exposure ) or whether the players ' agents are denying some critical realities .
The good news : baseball has four more years to unravel the new thickets . The bad news : it wo n't be simple . Take it from Nationals first baseman Ryan Zimmerman : `` Because of analytics , the days when 30-year-olds get seven-year deals are n't going to happen very much anymore . I do n't blame teams for that . It 's smart . '' But then , as Zimmerman observes further , putting that much value into the first part of your career leaves open how players near the end still get a fair share of baseball 's swelling revenues .
Remember : nobody buys a ticket to go to a ball game to see the team 's owner . ( The exceptions , usually involving boo birds over their outrages , are gone : George Steinbrenner and Charlie Finley , though some think Marlins fans would love to hit Derek Jeter where they live . ) Baseball 's number one product is the game , and it 's played by people . Something both sides want to consider while starting to think of the next CBA .
They have four years to do it . Four years is a long time . Normally .
Experimental feature Listen to this article Play audio for this article Pause 00:00 00:00 Experimental feature Report a mispronounced word What was mispronounced ? Optional : help us by adding the time Submit Thank you for your help ! or Give us your feedback Thank you for your feedback . What do you think ? I ‘ ll use it in the future
I don ‘ t think I ‘ ll use it Please tell us why ( optional ) Send Feedback
In 1941 , when Henri Matisse was recovering from cancer surgery , their advertisement for “ a young and pretty nurse ” was answered by Monique Bourgeois . An unusual friendship grew , and several years later , when Bourgeois had entered the order of Dominican nuns at Vence , in the south of France , they asked the 77-year-old Matisse for help in designing a chapel that the nuns wanted to build for their school .
The result , the Chapelle du Rosaire , finished in 1951 , is a small , white , L-shaped building whose fiercely plain interior is flooded by glorious light from Matisse 's stained glass windows , created in just three colours — blue , yellow , green — that evoke the Mediterranean setting .
Working obsessively on the project , for which they designed every detail ( down to the bronze crucifix on the altar and the priests ' vestments ) , Matisse called it their masterpiece .
The intimate links between art and religious sites stretch back to the very beginnings of western cultural history , and culminated during the Renaissance in such jewels as Michelangelo 's Sistine Chapel . But perhaps it is more surprising to be reminded that even in a secular modern age , when art has rebelliously cast off any remaining religious shackles , artists are often drawn to creating work for sacred buildings .
Small chapels , especially , provide a powerful locus for an artist 's eye , and a perfect showcase for their work . Visiting these chapels can often be a more vivid experience than a mighty cathedral — perhaps because , like Matisse 's chapel in Vence , many came into existence through a particular set of emotional circumstances .
Chapelle du Rosaire de Vence , often referred to as the Matisse Chapel , in the south of France © McPhoto/Protze/Alamy
The Sandham Memorial chapel in Burghclere , Hampshire , carries such a story . The small brick building was created by Mary and Louis Behrend in memory of Mary 's brother , Lieutenant Henry Willoughby Sandham , a casualty of the first world war . Commissioning Stanley Spencer to fill it with paintings was a bold move but the result — 17 fresco-like panels , culminating in a floor-to-ceiling Resurrection — is perhaps the most glorious way to see this artist 's work .
Spencer , who called the place their “ God-box ” , was inspired , they said , by Giotto 's Arena chapel in Padua but transformed their own mundane wartime experiences as a hospital orderly — soldiers making beds and mopping floors , mules pulling carts , wounded men smoking , cooking , brushing their teeth — into this transcendent work , making it a memorial for not just one fallen soldier , but for millions .
Memories of the dead are often a powerful impetus for artists . A stunning contemporary example is James Turrell 's light installation at the Dorotheenstadt Cemetery Memorial Chapel in Berlin , which harnesses the natural effects of summer sunsets for a mesmerisingly beautiful display .
Another memorial was the springboard for Marc Chagall 's 12 stained glass windows in Tudeley church , in Kent , commissioned by the family of Sarah d'Avigdor-Goldsmid who died in a sailing accident aged just 21 . The elderly Chagall ( a Jewish artist chosen by this Anglo-Jewish family ) reluctantly took the commission for a single window in 1967 , but fell in love with the site and , by their death in 1985 at the age of 98 , had completed this unique set of dazzling glass .
Ellsworth Kelly 's chapel-like building in Austin , Texas © Alamy
Pablo Picasso was not so much one to take a commission as to seize an opportunity . While living in the southern French town of Vallauris in the late 1940s , they became enchanted by the vaulted Romanesque chapel of the local château . There they decided to make one of their great statements about conflict with a “ Temple of Peace ” whose giant panels ( of more than 100 square metres ) curve across the vaults depicting the horrors of war and their hopes for peace . It is , for this artist , an unusual foray into the sacred .
Each of these places has its unique , intense atmosphere , fostered by the artist . As collector Dominique de Menil put it , talking of commissioning work by the great American artist Mark Rothko for a non-denominational chapel in Houston , Texas : “ We saw what a great master can do for a religious building when they are given a free hand . They can exalt and uplift as no one else . ”
Yet here we begin to see how fine a line divides the secular from the sacred . Is this a chapel , or a complete piece of modern art ? Rothko 's 14 murals , ranged around an octagonal cruciform structure , are themselves the objects of pilgrimage , perhaps even worship . Art , as has often been noted , has become a sacred commodity in our often faithless contemporary world , and galleries the new cathedrals .
Chapel Of The Good Shepherd at Saint Peter 's Church in Manhattan , by Louise Nevelson © Tom Magno
In this way , the Chapel Of The Good Shepherd at Saint Peter 's Church in Manhattan can be seen as a sort of crossover . This tiny sanctuary within the city , measuring just 28 by 21 feet , is a Christian space created by a Jewish artist , the late Louise Nevelson , and is described as “ a comprehensive sculptural environment ” , a spiritual modernist treasure in whites and pale wood tones .
And the transition from sacred to secular is even more complete in Ellsworth Kelly 's “ chapel ” at Austin , Texas . Kelly 's final work before their death in 2015 was this freestanding limestone pavilion , vaulted like a chapel , illuminated by brilliant shards of coloured light from their stained glass windows and clearly inspired by the European Romanesque — but dedicated purely to an aesthetic spirituality , rather than a specific religious purpose .
Visiting such contemplative spaces , whether for the religion or the art or the confluence of the two , can be deeply rewarding : a sightseeing experience that goes far beyond the usual or the mundane . “ Exalt and uplift ” , indeed .
Jan Dalley is the FT 's Arts Correspondent
Three men accused of foiled US terror plot
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $ 1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $ 36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $ 6.45 per week
You will be billed $ 59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $ 10.25 per week
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week
Other Subscription options :
Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Wednesday applauded the decision by the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs ( CCEA ) of increasing the Minimum Support Price ( MSP ) for Kharif crops in the 2018-2019 season .
While briefing the media , they said , “ It is a historical decision . Though farmers are the biggest producers , consumers and customers , they never received their due . However , this government is changing it now . ”
Last month , Prime Minister Narendra Modi had announced that the Union Cabinet would approve a Minimum Support Price ( MSP ) of 150 per cent of input cost for Kharif crops in the 2018-2019 season .
“ By 2022 , the incomes of the farmers will be doubled , as promised by the government . This decision will increase the purchasing capacity of the farmers which in turn will widen the economic impact , ” said Rajnath Singh at the Cabinet briefing .
According to the data of Commission for Agricultural Costs and Prices ( CACP ) , the input cost of paddy is Rs 1166 per quintal for which government has set an MSP of Rs 1750 per quintal that is a hike of 50 % , as compared to the MSP of Rs 1550 per quintal last year . Further , the MSP for maize has been fixed at Rs 1700 per quintal , for cotton Rs 5,150 per quintal , sunflower seeds Rs 5388 per quintal , soybean Rs 3,399 per quintal and mole Rs 6249 quintal .
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it Pause
1:07 Highlights : Atascadero girls soccer beats Dos Pueblos 3-1 in wild card playoff game
1:35 Crews working to patch a leaky levee at Tyler Island
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
0:41 A year ago , Lake Nacimiento was almost dry . Here 's what it looks like now after the rain .
1:53 Salud Carbajal talks about their priorities in Congress
0:44 See Santa Margarita Lake at 70 percent capacity after the storms
0:29 This is how dry Lopez Lake has gotten this summer
1:36 2016 's worst red-light runners
The biased liberal media has been covering the events that transpired in Charlottesville over the weekend .
While they have been busy berating the protestors , liberal media has failed to report the armed “ antifa ” liberal counter-protesters that have swarmed in and threatened the lives of protesters and many others , including reporters .
Although this did not make headlines , it is worth reporting that an “ anti-fascist ” counter-protester became infuriated that a female reporter from The Hill was filming him , so they punched them in the face .
The reporter , Taylor Lorenz , wrote this on their Twitter after releasing the video detailing the event , “ The video cuts off at the end b/c some asshole came over and punched me in the face and kicked my phone for recording ( I said I was press ) . ” They continued , “ I 'm filing a charge against the guy for punching me but it 's slammed at the police station right now so prob nothing will happen . ”
Lorenz posted an updated statement to their page stating , “ Also people asking ( I 'm fine ! ) really fucking pissed at the guy who punched me mostly because they cut off my stream . Turns out the guy who punched me in the face for recording after the incident already had a warrant out for their arrest . So he 's being held . ”
Do you think it is important for media to report occurrences such as this ?
April 24 1994 Man , we missed one yesterday , but it 's too relevant to last weekend 's events in Foxborough to leave out . It 's amazing to us that people do n't list the 1994 Dallas Supercross among one of the all-time great races—if you fast-forward to the 41-minute mark of the video below , you 'll see what we mean . Team Kawasaki 's Mike Kiedrowski made what appeared to be a last-lap pass in the whoops on Honda 's Jeremy McGrath , the series points leader and defending champion . But Jeremy held on longer at the end of the whoops , the two tangled , and both went down . That allowed the closely following Mike LaRocco , Kiedrowski 's teammate , to sneak past both and , two turns later , claim an unlikely win . Have a look and see what you think ( and also think of what happened with Marvin Musquin and Eli Tomac on Saturday ) :
The 125 class featured both East and West riders , and it was East Region contender Jimmy Button of Team Suzuki who emerged as the winner , with their teammate Ezra Lusk second and West Region points leader Damon Huffman , yet another Suzuki rider , third . 1982 On the first night of the Pontiac Silverdome doubleheader , Team Honda 's Donnie Hansen got another main event win on their way to the 1982 AMA Supercross Championship . Their teammate Jim Gibson finished second , and former series champion Mike Bell of Team Yamaha was third . Johnny O'Mara and Warren Reid rounded out the top five .
Werner Straube
1988 American rider Rodney Smith , the future five-time GNCC # 1 and AMA Motorcycle Hall of Fame member , was announced the winner of the second round of the 1988 FIM 250cc World Motocross Championship , held on the island of Ibiza , Spain . Riding a Chesterfield Suzuki , Smith went 2-2 for the win over Michelle Fanton 's 1-3 . The FIM stepped in to explain that while Smith had the better second moto , Fanton scored more points ( 35 to 34 ) , and they were declared the overall winner . Third went to John Van den Berk 's 9-1 . Also on this day in 1988—and also related to GNCC Racing—Bally , the world 's largest manufacturer of pinball machines , released its Blackwater 100 game . The machine was designed by Dennis Nordman , an employee of the company and a participant in the race a few times in the 1970s , and featured multi-time winner Mark Hyde . It was sponsored by Suzuki Motorcycles and ATVs , and one of the machines still sits in the lobby here at Racer X .
1978 Another from yesterday—check out this Maico win ad celebrating a 500cc International race in Markelo , Holland , featuring Heikki Mikkola , Gerrit Wolsink , Graham Noyce and `` Bad '' Brad Lackey , but won by Peter Herlings . ( Yes , that 's current MXGP points leader Jeffrey Herlings ' dad ! )
by
Last month , the Spy spent some quality time with Chris Spurry , the outgoing chairperson of the board of Shore Bancshares , Inc. , to talk about their extraordinary tenure during a time of significant financial upheaval on the Eastern Shore as the full impact of the Great Recession was dramatically felt throughout the Delmarva .
It was a story of corporate nimbleness and perseverance as Chris and their colleagues navigated through very troubled waters over several years to finally find themselves , and their grateful customers , once again on fiduciary terra firma as signs of a real recovery started to be seen by late 2015 .
At the conclusion of that interview , Chris noted that while they will remain on the board , they would be succeeded in the chair position by fellow board member and Mid-Shore native , Frank Mason , to steer the publicly traded corporation into a new era .
The Spy thought it would complete the story of Shore Bancshares to catch up with Frank as well to talk about this new , exciting , and radically different world in finance .
An Easton native who has taken a unique journey himself , Frank Mason has been part of one of the Mid-Shore 's most specialized manufacturers in the region for their entire career . Now president of Jasco Inc. based in Talbot County , which produces spectroscopy and chromatography analytical instruments , Frank also has strong family ties with Shore Bancshares where their great-grandfather had also served on the board of Talbot Bank , the precursor to Shore United Bank .
In their interview with the Spy , Frank talks about Shore Bancshares future and what they see as an extraordinary new era for financial services in the 21st century .
This video is approximately four minutes in length . For more information about Shore Bancshares please go here .
Robert Mugabe , former Zimbabwean President risked being expelled from the ruling Zanu-PF party following their perceived anti-party activity , a Senior Party Official has said on Monday .
Secretary for legal affairs Paul Mangwana told state media that Mugabe risked losing their party membership and constitutional privileges for engaging former minister Ambrose Mutinhiri .
According to reports Mutinhiri , recently resigned from the party and went on to form the National Patriotic Front which has since registered to contest in forthcoming elections .
Mangwana said the constitution did not allow a former head of state to get involved in active politics and the ruling party would soon review Mugabe 's membership of the party ,
“ In the fullness of time , Zanu-PF will have to meet to discuss these new developments about the former head of state and government to review whether it is still necessary or not for them to continue enjoying the status we had given him , '' they said .
Mugabe joined Zanu-PF soon after its formation in 1963 and was elected president in 1975 .
They were removed from the position in November 2017 in a military action they have since described as a coup d'etat and therefore unconstitutional .
Their wife Grace was expelled from the party for causing divisions with many party members describing them as loose cannon .
Mugabe earlier told mainly foreign media that Emmerson Mnangagwa 's presidency was illegal and that they were willing to discuss how the situation could be regularised .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A motorist was caught watching the news on their mobile phone as they drove along a motorway in the West Midlands , police have revealed .
They were among more than 120 drivers found to be using their phones at the wheel during a week-long police crackdown in the region .
Others were texting , making phone calls and even checking their social media .
The national campaign took place on roads and motorways between January 22 and 28 this year .
In total , 123 motorists who were stopped were found to be using their phones .
The worst case involved a man watching the news on their mobile .
Anyone caught receives a £200 fine and six penalty points on their licence as part of tougher laws introduced by the Government last Spring .
This means new licence holders face losing their licence straight away and more are at risk through the “ totting up ” process .
Inspector Sion Hathaway , from Central Motorway Police Group ( CMPG ) , said : “ We regularly saw people who were driving while texting and checking social media which is completely unacceptable at the wheel .
“ While society has changed in terms of the growing use of technology , there is a time and place for this - and this is certainly not while driving .
“ Being distracted while driving can have life-changing consequences , and even though the campaign is over we will still be monitoring our roads to catch those who commit such an offence . ”
They said driving whilst using a hand-held phone was a “ no-win ” situation .
“ At the very least you face six penalty points and a £200 fine - the worst case scenario is that you kill someone , ” they said .
“ Not only will you have to live with this on your conscience , you will also go to prison for a significant length of time . ”
The rules on using your mobile phone ...
- You ca n't use your phone at traffic lights - even when stationary .
- Even if you 're talking hands-free , you ca n't press the buttons on your phone to answer or end a call . You ca n't touch your phone at all whilst driving .
- It 's illegal to answer a call whilst driving if your phone is on loudspeaker resting on your knee .
- But you can use your phone as a sat nav - as long as you programme it before starting the car and setting off and it is in a holder during the journey .
SEATTLE , WA - MAY 20 : Wade LeBlanc # 49 of the Seattle Mariners attempts to throw a runner out at first in the fifth inning against the Detroit Tigers during their game at Safeco Field on May 20 , 2018 in Seattle , Washington . ( Photo by Abbie Parr/Getty Images )
On deck
Thursday 's pitching matchup
RANGERS STARTER LHP MIKE MINOR ( 4-3 , 5.63 ) allowed four runs in six innings during a win against Kansas City on Friday . Minor gave up two homers in that game and has permitted eight homers in 27 1/3 innings during their last five starts . Minor allowed five homers in 77 2/3 innings last season as a reliever with Kansas City .
LOVES TO FACE : Mike Zunino is 1 for 9 with five strikeouts lifetime against Minor .
HATES TO FACE : Denard Span is 5 for 11 with two extra-base hits lifetime against Minor .
SEATTLE STARTER LHP WADE LEBLANC ( 0-0 , 2.70 ) has a 1.71 ERA for 26 1/3 innings in five starts . LeBlanc is a soft-tosser , with a top velocity of 88 mph . They rely on the sinker , cutter and changeup to go with deception . According to brooksbaseball.net , opponents are hitting only .177 against the cutter . LeBlanc made their only career appearance against the Rangers on Aug. 19 , 2013 , while with Houston .
LOVES TO FACE : Running teams . In LeBlanc 's career , opponents have as many caught stealings ( 27 ) as stolen bases .
HATES TO FACE : Lead-off hitters . The first hitter in the order has reached base nine times in 14 plate appearances against LeBlanc for the season .
Next five
Golden Boy Promotions chairperson and CEO Oscar De La Hoya ( left ) and recent signee 2016 Olympian Raul Curiel Garcia . Photo courtesy of Golden Boy Promotions on Twitter
Raul Curiel Garcia has signed a multi-fight promotional deal with Golden Boy Promotions , as announced Tuesday afternoon . The announcement comes on the heels of Curiel signing a managerial deal with Frank Espinoza .
Curiel enjoyed a stellar amateur career , winning the World Series of Boxing in 2015 . The 21-year-old Curiel represented Mexico in the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro .
“ I am extremely proud and excited to belong to a company as important as Golden Boy Promotions , ” said Curiel in a release . “ This is a very important step in my personal and boxing life . I promise that I will go forward with the help of all , especially my idol Oscar De La Hoya , and follow in the footsteps of a great sportsman like Canelo Alvarez . ”
“ By the vote of confidence given by Oscar De La Hoya , ( Golden Boy Promotions President ) Eric Gomez , and Frank Espinoza , I will defend with all the colors of the company and with the goal of becoming a world champion . ”
Espinoza believes Curiel is a can't-miss prospect . “ I had been following Raul prior to the Olympics , ” Espinoza told RingTV on Tuesday morning . “ There were two fighters I wanted to sign from the Mexican Olympic team : Joselito Velazquez and Raul . They were one of the best Olympians and has the amateur experience and credentials with over 200 fights .
“ Just because they did not win a medal does not mean they wo n't be successful as a pro . I took three Olympians ( Abner Mares , Oscar Valdez , and Martin Castillo ) from Mexico and they became world champions . He 's going to be in a great weight class , whether it 's as a welterweight or 154 pounds . I see a lot of potential in him . ”
Enter Golden Boy Promotions , which continues to sign and invest in young prospects .
“ Raul is the type of fighter Golden Boy Promotions is always looking to add to our stable of top talent , ” said Oscar De La Hoya , Golden Boy 's chairperson and CEO . “ He had a stellar amateur career that included taking the top prize at international competitions , ( including ) competing in the 2016 Olympics . ”
Francisco A. Salazar has written for RingTV since October of 2013 and has covered boxing in Southern California and abroad since 2000 . Francisco also covers boxing for the Ventura County ( California ) Star newspaper , BoxingScene.com and Knockout Nation . They can be reached by email at [ email protected ] or on Twitter at FSalazarBoxing .
Struggling to locate a copy of THE RING magazine ? Try here or…
SUBSCRIBE
You can subscribe to the print and digital editions of THE RING magazine by clicking the banner or here . You can also order the current issue , which is on newsstands , or back issues from our subscribe page . On the cover this month : THE RING 2016 Fighter of the Year , Carl Frampton .
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Rajesh Singh checks their sugar cane farm which was affected by flood waters in Barara Flat Lautoka . Picture : REINAL CHAND
VEGETABLE farmers in the Western Division are feeling the full brunt of the spate of inclement weather affecting the country .
After starting to recover from last year 's tropical depression 04F which hit most of the region 's vegetable and crop farms , most farmers are hesitant to replace what they have lost .
Ravindra 'Binnu ' Singh of Bilalevu in Valley Rd , Sigatoka said their three farms were affected by the heavy downpours .
`` I 've lost eggplants , cucumbers and cabbages , '' Mr Singh said .
`` We ca n't really do anything but clear out the damaged crops and wait for the weather to improve . ''
Mr Singh said a fourth farm located in Keiyasi , Navosa , would be left idle for the next few months .
`` I do n't want to start replanting now because it 's right near the Sigatoka River .
`` With all of this rain , I do n't want to put any more risk to my farm . ''
Mr Singh is also a beneficiary of the Government-endorsed farming mechanisation program which allowed them to purchase a $ 75,000 tractor earlier this year .
They said they were yet to get used to the machine .
`` I ca n't use it right now . The soil is too soft and it 's been raining too much . ''
Meanwhile , a group of Ra farmers are also feeling the impact of TD09F and TD10F .
Barotu Valley Farmers Association member , Ashok Kumar said farms were waterlogged .
`` There 's no time for the water to recede before another round of rain comes again , '' they said .
`` We are just waiting for the rain to stop before we can assess the damage . ''
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Salman Khan As Sikander
The superstar posted this poster on their Twitter handle and wrote , `` Is hafte milata hoon # Race3 ki family se ... mera naam hai Sikander . Selfless over selfish . # Race3ThisEid @ tipsofficial @ SKFilmsOfficial . '' Well , we ca n't wait for some more posters of the film to roll in .
Race 3 To Be Shot In Six Locations In Abu Dhabi
The makers will shoot Race 3 at six locations across Abu Dhabi over 35 days - Emirates Palace , Yas Viceroy Abu Dhabi , the St. Regis Abu Dhabi , Abu Dhabi National Exhibition Centre ( ADNEC ) , Emirates Steel and Liwa Desert . Talking about it , Salman said , `` It is wonderful to be back in Abu Dhabi which is such an incredible filming location . Last year , we spent much of our 70-day shoot for Tiger Zinda Hai on the city 's incredible backlot , so it will be exciting to explore more of the Emirate with Race 3 as we shoot across six locations . ''
This Action Thriller Is Going To Be Different
Earlier Salman had told a leading channel , `` When I saw first and second ( Race films ) , I did n't like few films in that . The way characters were shown being selfish , fighting for money basically I had a problem with the format of those films . I do n't like the kind of exposing ( skin show ) franchise is known for .
I myself find it not cool . So Race 3 will have action and cars but sometimes people think that it 'll be an adult film and then there will be things what you have in adult films but I am avoiding all that in this film . Basically , the way you see all my films , you 'll be able to see Race like that . So you can see Race ( 3 ) with your children . ''
The Superstar Will Be Penning A Romantic Song
Yes , you heard that right ! Salman Khan had turned lyricist with Race 3 and has penned a romantic song for the film .
Remo Talks About Race 3
Remo D'Souza has replaced Abbas- Mastan to direct the third installment of Race franchise . Speaking about it , they had said , `` Abbas-Mustan are super good directors and I have always looked upto their films . They are the master of the thriller space . I am not exactly getting into their shoes as 'Race 3 ' is little different from the earlier ones but I am happy I got to direct it and I hope I make them proud . ''
Remo On Working With Salman
`` If a superstar or a big star is coming into a franchise , it always takes the franchise up . Of course , Salman Khan joining 'Race 3 ' , it is definitely heading up . ''
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read : Isis claims responsibility for Istanbul nightclub attack
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Institutions and tenets of democracy have been tested in 2017 , and the legal sector has been drawn into a series of political battles . Plus : firms using data for ‘ Moneyball'-style self-analysis ; and companies ' in-house teams ranked alongside law firms
My First Million : Tobias Kormind , jewellery retailer
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
IWO — THE Oluwo of Iwo , Oba Abdulrasheed Adewale Akanbi , has advised government at all levels to co-opt traditional rulers in effective tax collection .
They said the notion will command more revenue to government purse as monarchs are the closest to the grassroots .
In a statement by the palace press secretary , Mr. Alli Ibraheem , the monarch said : “ Monarchs are the closest rulers to the grassroots . Many of us are trusted and respected by the people . Monarchs in the past were key actors in tax collection . They were co-opted because people trust them than any other authority .
“ Today , there are still trusted monarchs . I 'm one . My people listen to me because I serve them . They listen to me than the government . One of the means we can assist the government is to serve as intermediary in tax collection but there should be regularized platform to effect the arrangement . ”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Derby County forward Tom Lawrence has labelled their first goal for Wales as a `` dream come true '' .
The 23-year-old netted their first goal for their country , as they beat Georgia 1-0 in their penultimate game against Georgia .
Lawrence spoke to Sky Sports after the win , and was very happy about scoring , saying `` it was massive '' .
They added : `` I 'm happy to get it , I do n't think you can describe that feeling , it was a dream come true .
( Image : Press Association )
`` I thought we did well as a team , we knew it would be tough , but we managed to get the win '' .
Wales boss , Chris Coleman , spoke of their delight for Lawrence , after they scored their side 's winning goal .
They told Sky Sports : `` I 'm delighted for Tom , absolutely delighted for him !
( Image : Press Association )
`` He had a move to Derby , people expect big things from him , but he 's already showing their potential .
`` In the last two games he 's done a good job for us , and they showed great courage tonight , because defensively they had a job to do .
`` He did it fantastically well and the goal they scored was textbook , the move was straight off the training ground so I 'm delighted for him . ''
Written and Media by Paige Lunde .
It 's only the third week of the semester and some of us are already falling and being buried by stress . I mean , it makes sense because of the studio classes and then Core and also trying to keep up with chapel and get all your credits . It 's a handful and some of us are already feeling like our hair is falling out or like we may lose our teeth any day now . So that 's why I decided to test out some ways to de-stress and inform all of you how to not feel like the bus is running you over .
First on the list is exercise . To be honest , I 'm not the type to go out to a gym and go crazy with all the equipment . I 'll go for a run every once in awhile ( every blue moon or so ) and that 's pretty much my definition of exercising . But exercising actually does help you to “ de-stress ” . I asked around and found some people who exercised to try to avoid stressing out and student Josh Herrick put it in the best way . “ Exercise is an activity in which it pushes worries and other thoughts out of my mind and helps me focus on one issue at a time . It just helps so that I can put all my energy into one thing and that way , I can focus on what 's at hand and work it out . ”
Exercise is an activity in which it pushes worries and other thoughts out of my mind and helps me focus on one issue at a time . It just helps so that I can put all my energy into one thing and that way , I can focus on what 's at hand and work it out . -Josh Herrick , Holtwick RC
Next up on the list is to do something with your friends ! Now this one may seem like it might not work because sometimes even your friends can stress you out but it does . When you hang out with your friends , you do n't have the burden of trying to impress anyone because your friends already know exactly who you are . You can be one hundred percent yourself . Mary Krauss said , “ I like to hang out with my friends to help de-stress because it helps me not to worry so much and it helps me relax and be able to have fun . ”
Next up on the list is animals . Now , I do n't have any animals with me at college ( I cry every night because of it ) but what I do have is my mom sending pictures of my cat , dog , and my brother 's new puppy to me every other day . It 's the next best thing to having them with you . Even though I would rather have them with me all the time , I 'll settle for pictures of them and the random long text from my mom talking about them . Animals help you de-stress because you relax when you 're with then– and come on , who can feel stressed out with a ball of fluff ?
Next up , entertainment ! This means music or TV or Netflix , whatever you do to be entertained . Watch your favorite show or listen to your favorite band . The effects of doing something that you like and something that entertains you helps push stress out of your mind . The RC of Holtiwck ( second floor ) , Tawnie Kozora , says they watch K-Dramas in the main lounge of Holtwick with Mary to help them not stress out . If good ol ' American entertainment is n't helping , ask Tawnie and Mary which Korean shows to watch . On the subject of music , a friend of mine , Lindsey Casey , says “ For playing , it just feels good to play something that sounds good that 's coming from me . For listening , it just gets my mind off things , it can be inspiring sometimes too. ” Entertainment can help push the stress away and help you focus on other things to where you wo n't be so focused on what 's stressing you out .
For playing , it just feels good to play something that sounds good that 's coming from me . For listening , it just gets my mind off things , it can be inspiring sometimes too . -Lindsey Casey , Freshman
Stress can get in the way . There 's not a day that goes by that we are n't at war with stress . We 're college students , living in a world we all want to change . So you can take my advice and do some of these to help get your mind off of it all . This is n't a complete list of ways to help , but I do hope it does help and that you look for your own way to help with your stress .
( Markets Edition ) The jobs numbers have been released and while the big news is a contraction of 33,000 jobs for September , we take a closer look at many factors , including the job growth the hurricanes spurred , promising car sales data and a drop in the unemployment percentage . Plus , Elon Musk wants to replace Puerto Rico 's shattered electricity grid , and the GOP wants to reform intergenerational wealth transfer , dropping the tax on estates of more than 5.5 million per individual left behind .
After many days of rumor and speculation , Major League Soccer announced it has decided to fine FC Dallas for a roster violation that occurred during last Saturday 's game in Orlando City .
The league 's own rules appear to indicate what FCD is guilty of would constitute a forfeiture of said game , but today 's announcement reveals the referees and officials actually allowed the substitution . The league press release reads as follows :
`` Prior to the match , FC Dallas listed Michael Barrios in the club 's starting lineup as part of the official match day roster . The official match day roster is submitted 60 minutes before kickoff . A player who is removed from the official match roster 's starting lineup within 60 minutes prior to kickoff may not participate in the match , with the exception of the goalkeeper .
Fifteen minutes prior to kickoff , FC Dallas requested Barrios be moved to the list of substitutes and Tesho Akindele moved from the list of substitutes to the starting lineup . The referee crew incorrectly allowed the change to occur and notified Orlando City SC of the change to the official match day roster prior to the match .
Based on the change to the match day roster , Dallas wrongly believed that Barrios could participate in the match as a substitute . Barrios entered the game in the 84th minute , replacing Maxi Urruti .
'The referee crew 's administrative error and decision to place Michael Barrios on the official match roster was carefully considered while making the decision to sanction FC Dallas for this rule violation , '' said MLS Deputy Commissioner Mark Abbott . `` However , all of our clubs are aware of game day roster rules and FC Dallas should have removed Barrios from the official match roster . ' ''
The league also goes out of its way to clarify the commonly misunderstood space of how FIFA rules come into play . `` FIFA delegates management of roster rules and sanctions for violations to the respective leagues throughout the world . There is no international rule for changes to a match day roster . ''
In essence , MLS is admitting the referees made the error , but FC Dallas is being fined for not knowing better , or going ahead with the substitution despite being aware of the rule and taking advantage of the referee 's error .
MIAMI ( AP ) — The head of the U.S. government 's disaster response agency says Puerto Rico is building emergency management capabilities to help the Caribbean island withstand future disasters .
Brock Long of the Federal Emergency Management Agency spoke Wednesday at the National Hurricane Center in Miami , two days before the Atlantic hurricane season begins . They said FEMA has been bolstering resources in the U.S. territory , hiring roughly 1,600 residents to build local disaster response systems that did n't exist before Hurricane Maria hit the island .
Long said Puerto Rico presented a challenge for FEMA because its government lacked the response capabilities of states such as Florida and Texas .
At the hurricane center , Long met with FEMA employees , forecasters and Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen .
Nielsen said hurricane preparedness begins with individuals and their local communities .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Bookies make George Groves the slight favourite for the World Boxing Super Series clash with Callum Smith .
Smith set up a super-middleweight final against Groves with a unanimous point win over Nieky Holzken in Nuremberg .
That came after Groves edged up Chris Eubank Jr .
The bookies give Groves the slight edge , at 4/5 with Bet365 , while Smith is considered 11/10 at William Hill .
However , there is some question about whether the June 2 showpiece at the O2 Arena in London will go ahead at all .
Groves , the WBA Super world champion at super-middleweight , looks set to ask the Comosa AG officials for an extension of the World Boxing Super Series final after revealing that they wo n't be fit for the original date .
Groves dislocated their shoulder on February 17 , in the final of 12 rounds in their semi-final against Chris Eubank Jr. at Manchester Arena , leading to fears that the tournament organisers may be forced in to draft in a replacement .
Read More Forthcoming boxing matches Groves-Smith
Haye-Bellew
Joshua-Parker
Golovkin-Canelo
Groves beat the second generation Eubank on points by margins of 117-112 , 116-112 and 115-113 and will put their world title on the line against Smith in a fight between the number one- and three-rated fighters with the Ring Magazine .
Midfielder Emil Forsberg , known for their knack of cracking open a defence with the perfect pass , carries Swedish hopes into the 2018 World Cup following their exceptional season with Bundesliga side RB Leipzig .
Football runs in the 26-year-old 's family : their grandfather Lennart Forsberg played for Sundsvall in eastern Sweden , and their father Leif was a legend at the same club , scoring 143 goals in more than 400 games between 1980 and 1990 .
After initially playing other sports , including hockey , Forsberg continued the family tradition and signed up for Sundsvall in 2009 at the age of 17 .
“ I think I got the best of football on both sides : my father 's speed and my grandfather 's technical skills , ” they told German newspaper Bild in 2015 .
After almost 100 matches with their hometown team , in 2013 Forsberg signed for Malmo FF , going on to win the Swedish championship twice ( 2013 and 2014 ) and later played in the Champions League ( 2014-2015 ) .
In 2014 , they made their international debut against Moldova and in the same year caught the attention of Ralf Rangnick , sporting director of Salzburg , the Austrian sister club of RB Leipzig .
They were recruited by the German second-division team the following year . They thrived and so did their club — Leipzig were promoted at the end of the 2015-16 season and came second in the top flight behind Bayern Munich in their first top-flight campaign .
Forsberg was one of the stars in that side , and they head to Russia fresh from a season in which they and their club played in the Champions League , their individual performances leading to interest in them from clubs in England .
Transcript for Bill Cosby 's lawyer tells jury verdict should not hinge on # MeToo movement
Over the past two weeks bill Cosby 's but they did as the serial rapists and the victim of a con artist . Now the fate of America 's data once again rests in the hands of the jury and hot and what 's not telling the truth . Did you narration aquae Mexico happy up all these I just simply on the fact that you add . What is case of given to a jury last year if they deadlocked after six days of deliberations . This time both sides have given the jury much more to consider Cosby is charged with three counts of aggravated indecent assault . All stemming from one woman 's allegation . If you Constance says causing knocked them out with the re pills before sexually assaulting them at their suburban Philadelphia mansion . In January 2004 copies T says they had a consensual relation . Shift in the original trial ca n't stand with only accuser the jury heard from . But this time prosecutors were allowed to call five additional women who testified in graphic detail . But the times they claim causing drove in sexually violated then in the eighties . Company 's legal team attempted to undermine ca n't stand credibility claiming she 's a pathological liar only after the money . Citing a civil sediment at nearly 3.4 million dollars they already received from Cosby . In blistering closing arguments the defense attacked them meet to movement comparing it to McCarthyism and lynchings . While this story is only considering Condit and allegations dozens of women have come forward accusing Conte of sexual assault . If convicted they face up to thirty years in prison essentially a late sentence for the eighty year old comedian Maggie really ABC news Norris town Pennsylvania .
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
Holly Holm vs Germaine de Randamie
Tuesday 14 February 2017
Watch online Holly Holm vs Germaine de Randamie Fight Video – UFC 208 – MAIN EVENT
Video still processing if video still not available yet !
KANSAS CITY , Mo . — Police are searching for a suspect who bailed out of a vehicle after refusing to pull over for officers on Monday .
KCMO police were following a vehicle around 12:20 p.m. on westbound Interstate-70 near Blue Ridge Cutoff .
The driver reportedly abandoned the vehicle near Interstate-435 and 23rd Street .
A witness told FOX 4 the suspect was driving a delivery box truck .
Police gave few details of the suspect , saying only that they were wearing a black shirt .
There is no word yet on what prompted the police to attempt to pull over the vehicle .
FOX 4 will have more as details emerge .
SUMMARY : An approaching front and small disturbances will bring potential for a few strong/severe thunderstorms . Details :
THIS MORNING : Skies are partly to variably cloudy this morning with warm & muggy temperatures in the lower to mid 70s . Winds are light .
THIS AFTERNOON : Skies will be variably cloudy with a 60 % chance of rain and thunderstorms and highs near 90 inland and lower to mid 80s along the coast . If you 're headed to the beaches , we 're dry for the morning but a few passing showers or storm could present themselves for the afternoon with variably cloudy skies .
TONIGHT : Skies are mostly cloudy with a few passing showers or storm but otherwise quiet . Temperatures will stay warm and muggy , in the lower to mid 70s .
FRIDAY : Skies will be partly to mostly cloudy with a 70 % chance of thunderstorms and highs in the 80 's .
TROPICS : We are monitoring an area of thunderstorms off the African coast . Click here for your tropical update .
THANK YOU FOR TRUSTING WNCT 9 FIRST ALERT WEATHER ! Weather changes quickly . Your full team of First Alert meteorologists- Jerry Jackson , Dontae Jones , Pierce Legeion , Megan Lindsey and David Sawyer- will keep you updated .
To follow us “ on the go ” , check out these links :
– Follow WNCT 9 First Alert Weather on Twitter by CLICKING HERE .
– Connect with WNCT 9 First Alert Weather and join a growing network of friends with WNCT 9 First Alert Weather on Facebook by CLICKING HERE .
– Download our WNCT 9 First Alert Weather app , available for free in the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store . You can see First Alert VIPIR 9 , detailed forecasts , weather maps , and severe weather alerts .
Greenville , NC Hourly Forecast 70 ° F precip : 10 % 71 ° F precip : 10 % 74 ° F precip : 0 % 77 ° F precip : 10 % 79 ° F precip : 10 % 81 ° F precip : 10 % 84 ° F precip : 20 % 85 ° F precip : 20 % 86 ° F precip : 50 % 86 ° F precip : 50 % 86 ° F precip : 80 % 84 ° F precip : 60 % 84 ° F precip : 60 % 84 ° F precip : 70 % 80 ° F precip : 50 % 77 ° F precip : 30 % 75 ° F precip : 30 % 75 ° F precip : 20 % 75 ° F precip : 20 % 74 ° F precip : 20 % 74 ° F precip : 30 % 73 ° F precip : 40 % 72 ° F precip : 40 % 73 ° F precip : 10 % 72 ° F precip : 20 % 74 ° F precip : 20 % 76 ° F precip : 40 % 79 ° F precip : 60 % 80 ° F precip : 50 % 82 ° F precip : 20 % 84 ° F precip : 20 % 87 ° F precip : 20 % 88 ° F precip : 60 % 88 ° F precip : 70 % 85 ° F precip : 70 % 82 ° F precip : 60 % 81 ° F precip : 70 % 80 ° F precip : 60 % 78 ° F precip : 40 % 77 ° F precip : 40 % 76 ° F precip : 20 % 75 ° F precip : 20 % 75 ° F precip : 20 % 75 ° F precip : 40 % 75 ° F precip : 20 % 74 ° F precip : 30 % 74 ° F precip : 10 % Inland Forecast Coastal Forecast Day Planner Hourly Forecast
Photo by Mikey Williams/Top Rank
Jerwin Ancajas might not be Manny Pacquiao , and then again , who is ?
But Pacquiao 's fellow countryman sure did a great job of conjuring memories of the hall of fame fighter with their performance Saturday on ESPN at American Bank Center in Corpus Christi , Texas .
Ancajas ( 29-1-1 , 20 knockouts ) dropped Israel Gonzalez once in the opening round , and twice more in the 10th round , the second of which finished off the Mexican at 1:50 to ensure the IBF junior bantamweight title remained around the Filipino 's waist .
It was a dominating performance in Ancajas 's American debut , and now that he 's linked up with Top Rank ( and co-promoted by Pacquiao ) , there are big plans for “ Pretty Boy ” in the stacked 115-pound division .
“ If I can achieve a little bit of the success [ Pacquiao ] achieved , ” said Ancajas , “ I 'll be very happy . ”
The 26-year-old southpaw knocked the untested Gonzalez ( 21-2 , 8 KOs ) to the canvas with a left hand in Round 1 , and it was that money punch that closed the show , too . First , it was a picture-perfect straight left hand that separated Gonzalez from their senses in Round 10 , and moments later , a powerful left hook planted them on the canvas for good .
Ancajas appears to be the goods , a budding star in the making , but they need to measure themselves against the best of the division .
Roman “ Chocolatito ” Gonzalez was knocked from their perch atop the division in September by Srisaket Sor Rungvisai , and the Thai fighter will vie for THE RING 's vacant junior bantamweight championship later this month against Juan Francisco Estrada in the
main event of Superfly 2 .
“ Those guys are at the top of my division , I look at myself a bit lower than them , ” they said . “ But I 'm trying to get there . ”
They certainly appear well on theirs way .
Mike Coppinger is the Senior Writer for RingTV.com . Follow them on Twitter : @ MikeCoppinger
LEGAZPI CITY — The Department of Health ( DOH ) in Bicol is urging the public to take precautions to ward off diseases common at the onset ...
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A motorist was caught watching the news on their mobile phone as they drove along a motorway in the West Midlands , police have revealed .
They were among more than 120 drivers found to be using their phones at the wheel during a week-long police crackdown in the region .
Others were texting , making phone calls and even checking their social media .
The national campaign took place on roads and motorways between January 22 and 28 this year .
In total , 123 motorists who were stopped were found to be using their phones .
The worst case involved a man watching the news on their mobile .
Anyone caught receives a £200 fine and six penalty points on their licence as part of tougher laws introduced by the Government last Spring .
This means new licence holders face losing their licence straight away and more are at risk through the “ totting up ” process .
Inspector Sion Hathaway , from Central Motorway Police Group ( CMPG ) , said : “ We regularly saw people who were driving while texting and checking social media which is completely unacceptable at the wheel .
“ While society has changed in terms of the growing use of technology , there is a time and place for this - and this is certainly not while driving .
“ Being distracted while driving can have life-changing consequences , and even though the campaign is over we will still be monitoring our roads to catch those who commit such an offence . ”
They said driving whilst using a hand-held phone was a “ no-win ” situation .
“ At the very least you face six penalty points and a £200 fine - the worst case scenario is that you kill someone , ” they said .
“ Not only will you have to live with this on your conscience , you will also go to prison for a significant length of time . ”
The rules on using your mobile phone ...
- You ca n't use your phone at traffic lights - even when stationary .
- Even if you 're talking hands-free , you ca n't press the buttons on your phone to answer or end a call . You ca n't touch your phone at all whilst driving .
- It 's illegal to answer a call whilst driving if your phone is on loudspeaker resting on your knee .
- But you can use your phone as a sat nav - as long as you programme it before starting the car and setting off and it is in a holder during the journey .
Virat Anushka secretly got married | Filmibeat
Over the weekend , lovebirds Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma 's much hyped 'rumoured ' wedding grabbed major eyeballs with speculations doing the rounds every minute .
The couple sparked off wedding rumours when Anushka was spotted leaving for Italy with their parents and their pandit in tow . Virat too left for Italy with their mom .
Amidst all these reports , a tweet by a sport journalist has left everybody shocked . Scroll down to read more ...
'Virushka ' Have Already Got Hitched The tweet by a sports journalist claimed that Virat and Anushka have already got hitched over the weekend . Another FB Post Too Read That Virat- Anushka Wedding Is Indeed Happening If this is true that it 's great news for all Virat- Anushka fans ! The Confusion Around The Wedding Date Earlier it was said that the couple would be tying the knot on 12th December . This was followed by another report that claimed the date to be 15th . Now , we have been hearing that the couple has already said ' I Do ' . A Lavish Venue Meanwhile another report by Hindustan Times read , `` A heritage property within a resort in Tuscany is being decked up for the grand location wedding , which is likely to take place on December 15 . The wedding will happen at Hotel Borgo Finochito , which is among the 20 most expensive hotels in the world , famous for weddings . It also happens to be a favourite of former US President Barack Obama . Sources in Italy claim a high security corridor has been thrown around the resort with entry strictly restricted to guests with invitation . Arrangements for a typically Punjabi wedding are reportedly being made by the wedding planner . '' Let 's Do Bhangra The report further reads , `` Professional bhangra dancers were seen entering the resort . The beats of drums and dhol-nagare came from the venue . The wedding will be in the day , followed by a party at night . '' A Grand Wedding Reception For 'Virushka ' Virat and Anushka have also booked a five-star hotel in Mumbai for a reception to be held on the 26th of December . The Board of Control for Cricket in India ( BCCI ) officials , Bollywood celebrities , many from the political fraternity and top personalities from the corporate world have been reportedly invited to the reception .
Well , we just hope that some official announcement arrives soon from the lovebirds so that we can all finally REJOICE !
Comments about SEE Finance 1.1.2
To leave a comment , click Add a Comment and then enter the text , your name , and your email address ( which wo n't be displayed ) . Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you 're a real person .
Brings a number of changes to the personal finance app 's back up feature . ( $ 49.99 new , free update , 32.2 MB )
Subscribe to read : Financial Times
Do you really own your home ? Not if you 're a leaseholder
By Simon Ebegbulem
BENIN — POLITICAL tension heightened in Edo State , yesterday , as 19 members of the state House of Assembly removed the Speaker of the House , Mr Justin Okonoboh ; their deputy , Mrs Elizabeth Atvie and Majority Leader , Folly Ogedengbe , over alleged abuse of office . ]
The lawmakers accused the Speaker of illegal award of contracts and high handedness .
The lawmakers , consequently , elected the former Chief Whip of the House , Mr Kabiru Adjoto , representing Akoko Edo constituency 1 , as the new Speaker , Victor Edoror ( Esan Central ) was elected Deputy Speaker and Rolland Asoro ( Orhiomwon South ) , Majority Leader .
With the development , the political tripod of the state has changed as Edo North now has the Speaker ; Central district , deputy while Edo South , where Governor Obaseki hails from , now has the Majority Leader position .
Adjoto thanks colleagues
Addressing journalists , Adjoto , who thanked their colleagues for electing him , said : “ We have 19 signatures and all we did today ( yesterday ) is according to the law . We did not know initially that we voted in an incompetent Speaker . They ( Okonoboh ) has continued to adjourn proceedings in the Assembly for selfish reasons without due regard for our sitting calendar .
“ In June and July we went on holidays for six weeks without any reason . In July ending in August , another holiday for two weeks . Now , we went for holidays for three weeks just because their son graduated from Covenant University and they wanted to be there and celebrate with the son .
“ Secondly , we are 24 members in the Edo State House of Assembly . Any decision we take in the House , the wife who is the 25th member will vet it before it becomes law . They now raised a memo , they travelled to celebrate a party in America for their son that graduated from Covenant University , they were using the Speaker 's vehicle in convoy within Edo State and outside the state , the children who are home were using their serene with full Speaker 's regalia .
“ So we need somebody who will respect the sanctity of the office of the Speaker , somebody who will think Edo people first , who will make laws for the people of the state and I know that I will not disappoint our people . ”
It 's illegal , I remain speaker —Okonoboh
But reacting , Okonoboh said : “ What they did was illegal . Those who purportedly impeached me have been suspended . This morning ( yesterday ) , we started plenary when the member representing Akoko Edo 2 , Emmanuel Agbaje , stood up , I asked them to sit down they refused . That was when confusion started and they started the fight .
“ This can not happen at this time that we need peace in Edo State for development . All they said about me are rubbish . These people have been very ambitious for their selfish interest . They do n't want peace in our state , they do n't want the governor to work and that is the issue . I remain Speaker of the Edo state House of Assembly .
“ Because of this , the following members have been suspended : Mr Adjoto , Mr Victor Edoror , Mr Monday Ehalua , Mr Asoro , Mr Peter Erhuaha , Mr Sunday Aghede , Mr Emmanuel Agbaje , Osaigbovo Iyoha . For peace to return to the House they have been suspended . ”
It 'll strengthen the legislature—CNPP
Reacting , the Conference of Nigeria Political Parties , CNPP , led by Dr Samson Isibor , commended the lawmakers for a peaceful takeover of power , describing it as entirely the business of the House that must not be faulted .
Their words : “ It is unfortunate but it is a welcome development in the sense that this is democracy at work . The members have the right to choose their leaders . ”
Meanwhile , the leadership of the APC in the state , led by Governor Godwin Obaseki , met at the party 's secretariat to resolve the feud , yesterday , but Obaseki left the meeting disappointed after the lawmakers insisted that the new leadership stays .
All attempts to persuade the lawmakers to allow Okonoboh remain Speaker failed .
There 's a lot to be said about keeping things traditional .
That 's why , even though it is a bit of a struggle for a local theatre such as Fort Cinema to keep up with franchises like Cineplex , it still maintains a friendly , home-like feeling .
`` We work really hard and tirelessly to get these movies here , to keep them here , to keep us up and running and to keep the mom-and-pop type of shop here , '' said Fort Cinema manager , Mandy George .
Even with this year 's admission prices going up by a dollar , Fort Cinema 's prices have remained relatively the same since they first opened .
`` One thing to remember - how many times has the minimum wage gone up in the last couple of years , '' said George . `` We have n't raised our prices once ( on concession ) . So there are a lot of things to put into consideration that we 're not out to gouge our patrons . We 're just here to stay open to have a local theatre so you do n't have to drive the highway . ''
A general admission ticket at Cineplex is $ 13.25 , at Fort Cinema it 's $ 11 .
The theatre still feels like a classic movie-going experience with equipment upgrades to handle 3D films not on George 's radar .
Treating their patrons like family has worked well for the theatre , as they have seen not only people coming in to see a movie from Fort Saskatchewan , but also from outside the city including Edmonton , St. Albert , Spruce Grove , Gibbons , Redwater and the army base .
`` They do n't bother with the big places anymore because they come here and they feel like they 're at home , '' said George .
Fort Cinema won the 2016 Chamber Business Award for customer service .
Workers rest in Al Wasl area , at the construction site of Al Wasl bridge , Dubai . Photo : Ahmed Ramzan/ Gulf New
Workers rest in Al Wasl area , at the construction site of Al Wasl bridge , Dubai . Photo : Ahmed Ramzan/ Gulf New Image Credit :
Abu Dhabi : The Government of India has decided to discontinue a pension scheme for Indian workers living abroad , which was first launched in the UAE in 2012 in its pilot phase before introducing in 16 other countries .
“ The Government is in the process of closing the Mahatma Gandhi Pravasi Suraksha Yojana ( MGPSY ) , ” said a statement issued to Gulf News by Indian Ministry of External Affairs on Monday .
The voluntary scheme announced in 2012 offered three important benefits for skilled and unskilled workers : To save money for old age , to have financial means when they go back home and a life insurance cover during their stay abroad .
The Ministry of Indian Overseas Affairs in the previous Manmohan Singh Government introduced the scheme for workers in 17 countries , including the Gulf nations , where five million Indian workers holding Emigration Clearance Required ( ECR ) category passports are living .
India issues ECR passports to those who have not passed grade 10 .
About 65 per cent of an estimated 2.8 million Indians in the UAE are blue-collar workers and most of them are in the ECR category .
Although the pension scheme is discontinued , the Government of India is strengthening other measures , including the insurance scheme , Pravasi Bhartiya Bima Yojana ( PBBY ) , the spokesperson said .
They cited poor response from workers to the scheme as the reason behind closure .
“ Being a voluntary scheme and for a variety of other reasons , the subscription under the MGPSY has been extremely low . ”
However , an Indian Parliamentary committee had asked the Government repeatedly to publicise the scheme among Indian workers abroad , the head of the panel told Gulf News on Monday .
Few takers
“ Despite this , the committee was informed by the government that there were few takers and in view of the scheme 's lack of popularity with the intended beneficiaries , it was felt there was little point in continuing with it . The Committee reluctantly noted the Government 's decision , ” Dr Shashi Tharoor , head of Parliamentary Standing Committee on External Affairs , told Gulf News .
An Indian newspaper reported on Monday that the scheme attracted less than 300 subscribers in four years .
A social worker said both the previous and present governments did not make enough efforts to popularise the scheme .
“ It was the best scheme introduced by the Indian Government for the workers because government also contributed money for each worker joining the scheme , ” K. V Shamsuddin , Chairman of Pravasi Bandhu Welfare Trust , a welfare organisation for expatriates , told Gulf News on Monday .
They said the government had to make efforts to reach out to workers and educate them about the benefits of the scheme . “ Unfortunately , it did not happen , ” Shamsuddin said .
An executive of a financial firm , which was entrusted with enrolling workers , said certain moves were already there in 2015 to discontinue the scheme .
“ One part of the scheme was withdrawn in 2015 . Then it was not possible to market the scheme in that shape , ” they said .
Mahatma Gandhi Pravasi Suraksha Yojana ( MGPSY )
MGPSY was attractive with Government 's contribution in the scheme .
For a minimum annual contribution of Rs5,000 ( around Dh275 ) from a worker , the government was supposed to contribute Rs3,900 and Rs2,900 for female and male workers respectively .
Indian Government offered to provide a contribution of up to Rs2,000 ( Dh110 ) per year for male workers and Rs3,000 ( Dh165 ) per year to women workers for up to either five years or until the worker returns home , whichever is earlier . The proposed contribution would flow to the individual account of each eligible subscriber .
The workers have to contribute between Rs1,000 ( Dh55 ) and Rs12,000 per annum towards pension fund and Rs4,000 towards return and resettlement fund . They would derive corresponding benefits when they go back home and during their old age
Workers between the age of 18 and 50 who hold a Emigration Clearance Required ( ECR ) passports are eligible to enrol in the scheme .
Finance Ministry Harris Georgiades said on Wednesday that the impact on public finances of state guarantees for Hellenic Bank as part of its agreement with the co-op were ‘ totally manageable . '
They told told the House Finance Committee that thanks to revenue to be generated by the Cyprus Co-op Bank or its successor agency from NPLs and performing loans , it would be able to cover any non-expected losses sustained by Hellenic as part of the deal , without the second guarantor — the state , having to intervene .
They said the CCB would manage the NPLs and performing loans not transferred to Hellenic , from which it will generate millions in revenue . The state guarantees would only be activated if the CCB is not in a position pay .
The government is seeking House ratification of the state guarantees which are integral to the Hellenic-CCB agreement . The plenary is expected to vote on the issue on Friday .
DETROIT - The father of two who charged at convicted sexual abuser Larry Nassar in court on Friday has spoken out about their action in the courtroom .
Randall Margraves apologized for their actions during a press conference Friday afternoon , saying they were embarrassed by their actions .
`` I 'm not advocating that everyone should do that , I feel very remorseful , very apologetic . I was embarrassed , '' Margraves said .
Margraves added that he 's `` no hero '' and that the heroes are `` Nassar 's victims . ''
`` I believe in Heaven and Hell and I can only hope that , when the day comes , that Larry Nassar has ended their days on this Earth , that they will be escorted to one of the deepest , darkest , hottest pits in Hell there is – for them and people like him , '' Margraves said in closing . `` I hope there 's a lot of pain attached to it , because he 's certainly left a lot of pain here on this Earth . ''
Read Margraves full statement below :
This morning I got up with full intention to go to work . I was going to stop by the courthouse for support , I knew my daughters were going to make an impact statement , I did not know the content in the impact statement . We went to the podium , Sherry , their mother and myself , in support of the two daughters . When I had to hear what was said in those statements and I have to look over at Larry Nassar shaking their head , that 's when I lost control .
I 'm not advocating that everyone should do that , I feel very remorseful , very apologetic . I was embarrassed . I thank Judge Cunningham and all the court system for their leniency on me . This is to not be a lawless society , I know that , I lost control , but I regained control later – in a holding cell .
When my children were little , they were taught to respect and obey and trust authority . That means the police , and their parents , and their , teachers and their coaches , and their doctors . They were taught to respect and obey and trust adults , because adults would teach them the proper way to live their lives . And we see what happened there .
When the girls were little , Sherry and myself worked hard to provide extra opportunities for our children , and they found these opportunities on the athletic fields . They all participated in sports camps and traveling teams and they all played basketball , softball , volleyball and they ran track , cross-country and gymnastics . And then the injuries started showing up .
Almost immediately , this family 's getting professional advice to see one of the top doctors in their field , Larry Nassar . And I should have felt privileged for getting the invoices , because , after all , he 's taking care of Michigan State University athletes , as well as Olympians .
I allowed myself to take this advice , I fell for the Michigan State hype , I was blinded to the fancy degrees hanging on an office wall and I delivered , unintentionally , my three daughters to a demon , who had their own twisted and sick agenda for their own demented desires .
Now I have to live with the fact that I failed to protect my daughters . This is a strong family , we will get through it .
Sometimes the relationships between me and my daughters have been strained , stressed , distant . I was always trying to figure that out . I was always frustrated and puzzled . I always tried to work as hard as I could to be a good father and now I know what one of the reasons were , the main reason . The reason was Larry Nassar .
Now I have to worry that my daughters can ever trust another man for the rest of their life . The survivors and the victims are most important now , and my daughters are a part of that . If it was n't for all the brave girls and women that have come forward before now , I do n't know if my family could 've came forward now , so I appreciate and thank all the victims and survivors for what they 've done .
I do not doubt for a minute all the people who have come forward , there 's was probably even more victims out there that have yet to come forward . And to them I say I wish you well and I hope you can find the inner strength to go down the path of recovery .
Like I said , the victims and survivors are the most important , but I represent the parents and the grandparents and the family members and the friends and the community members and the coaches and the teachers , all who have cared and taught and loved these kids , not just my kids , but all these kids , the right way . I thank all of those for their support .
I want to wrap this up . I will tell you that I believe in God almighty , I believe in Heaven and Hell and I can only hope that , when the day comes , that Larry Nassar has ended their days on this Earth , that they will be escorted to one of the deepest , darkest , hottest pits in Hell there is – for them and people like him . I hope there 's a lot of pain attached to it , because he 's certainly left a lot of pain here on this Earth .
Pricing for the 2018 XF Sportbrake begins at $ 71,445 ( includes a $ 995.00 destination charge ) and will arrive at dealers this winter .
Jaguar will only offer one engine for North America ; a supercharged 3.0L V6 offering up 380 horsepower and 332 pound-feet of torque . This comes paired with an eight-speed automatic and all-wheel drive . Jaguar has made some changes to the XF Sportbrake 's suspension . The back swaps the coil springs for a self-leveling rear air suspension to cope with heavy weight .
Introduced today in the United Kingdom , the XF Sportbrake shares a lot with the sedan in terms of design . Both have the same front end styling with narrow headlights and aggressive bumper . Where it differs is in the back as Jaguar extended the roofline and installed a tailgate that is somewhat similar to the one seen on the F-Pace crossover . The longer roofline also means more cargo space . Open the rear hatch and you 're greeted with 31.7 cubic feet behind the rear seats . Fold them to expand the space to 69.7 cubic feet .
North America never got their hands on the first Jaguar XF Sportbrake , but the British automaker is making up for that with the debut of the second-generation XF Sportbrake .
Introducing the new Jaguar XF Sportbrake : grace , space and pace for the 21st century
All-new body-style joins the Jaguar line-up this Winter as the first XF wagon to be offered in the United States by Jaguar
Smart design delivers an aerodynamic efficiency of 0.29Cd
31.7-cu . ft. of loadspace expands to 69.7-cu . ft. with the 40:20:40 split folding second row seats lowered
Self-leveling rear Integral-Link air suspension ensures an effortless ride even when carrying a load
Convenience features such as an all-new available Gesture Controlled Blind for the panoramic sunroof enhance the practicality of the new wagon
All-new optional Cabin Ionization system filters air and reduces pollutants entering the vehicle
Powered by a 380HP supercharged V6 mated to a ZF® eight-speed automatic transmission
Standard all-wheel drive offers added confidence in adverse conditions ( 1 )
Priced from $ 70,450 ( 2 )
( MAHWAH , N.J. ) – June 14 , 2017 - The new Jaguar XF Sportbrake returns Jaguar to the premium wagon segment with a compelling combination of design , driving dynamics and advanced technologies that make it a standout performer .
Available user-friendly features and technologies make the Sportbrake the perfect companion for customers with active lifestyles .
With a design that retains the distinctive curves of the sedan at the front , the new XF Sportbrake embodies key Jaguar design DNA and incorporates an eye-catching roofline , which sets it apart from competitors . Its sleek silhouette projects a dynamic and purposeful profile that previews the amount of space available inside .
The interior provides spacious accommodation flooded with natural light from the full-length panoramic sunroof . Rear occupants benefit from enhanced knee room and improved headroom , while the practical layout creates more than 69 cu-ft of loadspace behind the first row .
“ As with the XF sedan , every line on the Sportbrake serves a clear purpose , creating a fast sweeping silhouette , ” said Jaguar Director of Design , Ian Callum . “ This gives the car a sense of speed and a very dynamic appearance . As a result , I think it looks just as sporty as the sedan , if not more so . ”
The new XF Sportbrake builds on the success of the sedan and has all of the advanced all-wheel drive ( AWD ) technologies1 and aluminum-intensive architectures that have made the Jaguar XF popular .
The suspension set-up has been specially calibrated to reflect the demands placed on premium lifestyle wagons . The stiff and lightweight set-up gives the spacious wagon signature Jaguar dynamics – a sports car-inspired character with agile handling and dynamic responses . Self-leveling rear air suspension is fitted as standard to ensure the XF Sportbrake maintains its composure , even when fully loaded .
The standard Adaptive Dynamics with Configurable Dynamics system enables drivers to fine-tune settings for the steering , transmission and throttle . Customers can also tune the suspension settings for an even more personalized driving experience1 .
Advanced software functions developed by Jaguar Land Rover , such as All Surface Progress Control ( ASPC ) , Adaptive Surface Response ( AdSR ) and Intelligent Driveline Dynamics ( IDD ) 4 put the vehicle 's traction in low-grip situations and cornering ability on the same level as the sedan .
All-wheel drive and the Jaguar IDD system come as standard , helping to minimize understeer and electronic interventions that typically characterize dynamic driving in all-wheel drive models . As a result , the AWD XF Sportbrake retains trademark Jaguar rear-wheel drive feel and agile steering responses4 .
The XF Sportbrake features an aluminum-intensive body construction which delivers a lightweight design that is both stiffer and lighter than the previous generation XF wagon which was offered outside the United States . Featuring an innovative new single-piece polymer tailgate , the Sportbrake delivers a near perfect 50:50 front-to-rear weight distribution providing the foundations for its exceptional handling .
Measuring 195.0-in in length , with a wheelbase of 116.5-in , rear legroom and load space has been optimized and contributes to the vehicle 's refined ride quality .
The XF Sportbrake features the Jaguar 380HP supercharged V6 gasoline engine as standard . Paired with a ZF eight-speed automatic transmission and advanced all-wheel drive , this combination provides sports car performance ; achieving 0-60mph times of just 5.3 seconds3 .
“ The XF Sportbrake is the embodiment of everything our brand stands for , bringing together Jaguar design and dynamics to create vehicles that excite the senses and support active lifestyles , ” said Steven de Ploey , Global Marketing Strategy and Planning Director , Jaguar . “ It 's dynamic performance , desirable styling and cutting-edge technologies will introduce a new generation of drivers to Jaguar 's drive , passion and comfort . ”
The XF Sportbrake is the perfect choice for customers with active lifestyles and features a series of new optional convenience features that enhance the practicality of the premium wagon . These include a wearable Activity Key , which lets users secure their vehicle while enjoying outdoor sports or activities without fear of losing their main key fob . Drivers are also able to set the maximum opening height for the gesture tailgate to prevent damage in areas where height is restricted , such as multi-story parking lots and garages .
Optional Cabin Air Filtration and Ionization prevents air pollutants from entering the vehicle and removes contaminants from the air , promoting health and wellness , while optional gesture controls for both the tailgate and the sunblind for the panoramic sunroof underline the brand 's commitment to customer convenience .
A full suite of driver assistance features are available , bolstered by Jaguar Driver Condition Monitor which is designed to examine a range of inputs to detect signs of drowsiness and to warn drivers when they need to take a break4 .
The XF Sportbrake joins the existing XF sedan derivative manufactured at the Jaguar Land Rover Castle Bromwich Plant in the U.K .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa are watching Adama Traore closely this summer as a number of Premier League clubs weigh up moves for the Spanish winger .
Villa 's failure to defeat Fulham at Wembley has seen them resigned to a third successive season of Championship football .
The club 's colossal transfer outlay over the last two seasons , combined with its wage bill , has left them in a financial pickle .
Owner Dr Tony Xia and Keith Wyness have to ensure the club complies with Financial Fair Play regulations , which means sales are likely this summer .
Star man Jack Grealish is reportedly attracting interest from Manchester United and Leicester City as Villa weigh up whether to cash in on their most valuable asset .
However , the claret and blues could be set for a cash boost from elsewhere .
Speculation is mounting on Teesside about the future of former Villa speed demon Traore , who starred in the Championship for Middlesbrough last season .
Traore 's five goals and 10 assists following Tony Pulis ' appointment in December has turned heads in the Premier League .
Chelsea have been linked with Traore in the past , but it 's Newcastle United who are reportedly leading the chase with Rafa Benitez a keen admirer of their compatriot .
The fee being mooted is £15million , but as much as £30million has been bandied around in previous transfer windows .
Whatever the fee actually is , Xia has previously explained how Villa will ‘ benefit ' from Traore 's development .
Tweeting on August 31 , 2016 , Xia said : “ We 'll also get benefits from Adama becoming great in the future as deal settled . ”
It 's understood Villa structured the deal to send Traore to the Riverside in a way which will see them benefit heavily in the future if they realise their potential .
The actual sell-on percentage is n't common knowledge but Villa are n't in a position to turn their noses up at cash and will hope Traore moves on to pastures new this summer .
`` It 's really severe ''
A football finance expert says Aston Villa 's predicament is ‘ really severe ' and has predicted sales this summer .
The claret and blues were resigned to a third successive season of Championship football with defeat to Fulham in the play-off final at Wembley .
Steve Bruce 's expensively-assembled squad is now expected to be broken up this summer as the club desperately attempt to stay within Financial Fair Play restrictions .
The club 's most valuable asset , Jack Grealish , is already being linked with a host of Premier League sides with Villa likely to sell at least one of their top players .
Kieran Maguire , a lecturer in football finance at the University of Liverpool , discussed Villa 's problems at length with the BBC .
Cash cuts
“ It 's really severe for Villa because this is the second year they 've had parachute payments . They got around £35million from the Premier League to cushion the blow of relegation .
“ Those payments get cut back severely next year so they 're going to have £20million less coming in . I think the problem for Villa is that the owner has gambled in the last couple of years on recruiting players on big wages .
Colossal wage bill
“ The average wage at Villa is nearly £30,000 a week and it 's simply not sustainable in the Championship .
“ It 's going to be a very big summer . They 're going to have to sell the crown jewels , I suspect . The problem that they 're going to have is that other clubs know they 're in a financial pickle and they 'll be trying to get them on the cheap .
“ If you take a look at their first season in the Championship , they were losing around £800,000 a week , and that was on parachute payments of around £40million .
“ Next season it 's down to around about £15million so there 's got to be severe cutbacks . I 'd be very surprised if John Terry stays because they would have been on a decent wage .
“ Scott Hogan has been disappointing and I 've seen their contract , and that 's eye-watering . Ross McCormack has been a disaster since day one .
“ The problem is that no other clubs will go near these players . They might manage to get them out on loan and Villa will probably still have to pay 80 per cent of the wages just to get them away from the club .
Decision time
`` Then you have the owner , who 's based in China – he 's going to have to work out whether they continue to bankroll the club to the same extent .
“ There are a lot of alarm bells going round and that 's when the vultures start to crowd and pick off things on the cheap , and that will be the big shame for Villa because they do have some good players .
“ If they want to play in the Premier League then fair play to them , but I think it 's whether or not they 'll be able to get a fair price for them which will be the big worry for Villa fans . ”
A WOMAN in their 60s has allegedly been attacked by an American soldier in the car park of Brisbane 's Enoggera Army Barracks .
The victim was dragged from their car and assaulted by the 20-year-old Marine about 3.15pm on Tuesday , police say .
Military police along with an off-duty Queensland Police officer intervened and arrested the man , with the off-duty police officer also allegedly assaulted during the scuffle .
The woman , who is understood to be an Australian public servant , sustained serious injuries and was treated in hospital before being released .
Police said the man and woman were not known to each other and it was n't known what sparked the attack .
The Defence department says it 's providing support to the woman following the assault .
The American national has been charged with multiple offences including serious assault in relation to a person over 60 , assaulting police and causing wilful damage in relation to the woman 's car .
He 's due to face Brisbane Magistrates Court on July 18 .
Douglas Haig takes questions from reporters at a news conference Friday , Feb. 2 , 2018 , in Chandler , Ariz. ( AP Photo/Brian Skoloff )
The Latest on an Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman who carried out the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history ( all times local ) :
3:45 p.m .
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history has been charged with manufacturing armor-piercing bullets .
A complaint says unfired armor-piercing bullets found inside the Las Vegas hotel room where the attack was launched on Oct. 1 contained the fingerprints of ammunition dealer Douglas Haig of Arizona .
The complaint filed Friday in federal court in Phoenix says Haig did n't have a license to manufacture armor-piercing ammunition .
They were charged shortly before holding a news conference Friday . They said they noticed nothing suspicious when they sold 720 rounds of ammunition to Stephen Paddock in the weeks before the attack that killed 58 people .
Haig is a 55-year-old aerospace engineer who sold ammunition as a hobby for about 25 years .
11:50 a.m .
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history says their one-time customer did n't raise suspicions that they planned to commit any crimes .
Douglas Haig said at a news conference Friday that they met Stephen Paddock at a Phoenix gun show in the weeks before the Oct. 1 shooting in Las Vegas that killed 58 people .
The sale was later completed at Haig 's home in the Phoenix suburb of Mesa .
Haig was named as a `` person of interest '' in the investigation .
But a law enforcement official has since told The Associated Press that they are n't believed to have committed a federal crime or to have had any knowledge of the attack .
The official was n't authorized to discuss the investigation and spoke on condition of anonymity .
Associated Press writer Michael Balsamo
12:30 a.m .
An Arizona man plans to speak out about their experience in selling ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history .
Douglas Haig is scheduled to hold a news conference Friday in Chandler to discuss their sale to Stephen Paddock .
This week , Haig said they could n't detect anything wrong with Paddock .
Haig was named as a `` person of interest '' in the Oct. 1 shooting in Las Vegas that killed 58 people .
But a law enforcement official has since told The Associated Press that Haig is n't believed to have committed a federal crime or to have had any knowledge of the attack .
The official was n't authorized to discuss the investigation and spoke on condition of anonymity .
It 's unknown whether the ammunition Haig sold to Paddock was used in the attack .
Copyright 2018 Associated Press . All rights reserved .
The main topic for discussion at Monday night 's Dresden City Board meeting was the possibility of providing local homes and businesses with a high-speed fiber internet network capable of meeting the technological requirements of today and for many years to come .
In other business , board members considered a request by the Dresden Police Department for them to exchange their current firearms for a newer model that has an added safety feature .
( See compete story in Dec. 6th issue of the Dresden Enterprise . )
The widow of the Orlando nightclub shooter “ would have run away ” had they known of their husband 's murderous intentions , their uncle insisted during a brief court appearance Tuesday .
“ I understand this is a big crime that 's happening , but do n't sacrifice an innocent person , ” Noor Salman 's uncle , Al Salman , told reporters outside the Oakland , California courthouse . “ She would not hurt anybody . They do n't like to see anybody get hurt . I know that the justice will prevail and is going to show that they are innocent . ”
Salman , 30 , was arrested Monday , and charged with aiding and abetting terrorism and obstructing justice .
Them husband , Omar Mateen , was killed in the June 12 , 2016 shootout after they slaughtered 49 patrons at the gay nightclub Pulse in Florida .
Their widow looked disheveled and confused during the brief appearance Tuesday , after an indictment unsealed earlier in the day claimed they “ did knowingly aid and abet ” them spouse .
Defense attorneys say they had no advance knowledge of the massacre .
Salman , who appeared to be shaking in fear while prosecutors spoke , will eventually be extradited to Florida .
She 'll appear again before an Oakland Judge Wednesday for a status hearing .
With Post wires
R. J. NICHOLAS
The state of New Jersey is rich in beauty with so much to offer including a safe atmosphere to raise newly budding families . However , reality shows like MTV 's the Grind , The Jersey Shore , or New Jersey Housewives have threatened to taint viewers perspective of New Jersey and even give it 's residents a negative reputation . Meanwhile , many talented actors , writers , producers , directors , singers and artists were born and raised in New Jersey and are nothing like the image or idol 's Hollywood tries to paint with it 's “ reality television ” trend and cast of dysfunctional characters .
What most viewers do n't realize is that much of reality television is not real , organic or even true . The majority of reality shows have producers and directors behind the scenes that are putting everyday people in scripted situations that just appear to be “ reality. ” It 's a hoax , smoke and mirrors as some would like to say , and basically all lies . Do the research . Hollywood grosses millions each year on unsuspecting viewers who think they are watching a real life scenario play out in front of them , when in actuality they are paying millions to be deceived .
Further research exposes that the holly wood is a choice piece of wood that magicians , sorcerers and those who practiced magic , witchcraft and deception would use to cast spells . Centuries ago the holly wood was the main source of wood used in their magic wands . Is it a coincidence that an entire industry based off of fantasy would be named after a magic wand ?
History shows that the first movie studio was actually founded in West Orange , New Jersey by Thomas Edison in 1893 . Since then , New Jersey has continued to birth many successful movies , television shows , independent feature films , short films , documentaries , theatrical performances and even well respected acting schools like The New Jersey School of Dramatic Arts in Bloomfield , NJ .
New Jersey is a humble state that continues to get a negative wrap and no one is able to see what the state really has to offer . In 2015 , 67 Feature Films and 19 Television series were filmed in New Jersey . In 2016 , 53 Feature Films and 183 Television series were filmed in New Jersey . Even the amount of Independent Film Festivals in New Jersey have grown exponentially in the past 10 years .
One of the film festivals that has gained a lot of positive press lately is The Jersey Shore Film Festival . It took place from August 3 through August 7 , 2017 in Asbury Park , NJ . The festival has been around for a while , but last weekend it gained more attention and popularity then ever before . Filmmakers from New Jersey and beyond showed up at the House of Independents to watch films that were thoughtfully selected . Every film had a message that touched on the human condition and almost every filmmaker posted about the incredible time they had while at the festival . The festival was sold out and maxed to capacity to the point where people are already inquiring about the dates the festival will take place next year .
The festival was originally founded by Stevie Doueck who ran JSFF for about 10 years . This year Doueck did one thing differently then years prior , they appointed a staff of about 9 filmmakers from New Jersey to run the festival . Doueck appointed John Hedlund as the director in charge of The 2017 Jersey Shore Film Festival . Hedlund was born and raised in New Jersey where they started acting in local theater and went on to become the Technical Director and Post Production Supervisor for PopSugar 's live web broadcasts and cable television show . They then partnered with Francesco Nuzzi to form Open Iris Entertainment . They produced , directed , and edited the award winning feature film “ Star Crossed Lovers ” along with many other short films shot in New Jersey . Hedlund was calm , balanced , and loving toward their entire staff throughout the run of the festival . It is that balanced persona that set the tone for a smooth flowing , light hearted , fun filled festival that people have been raving about days after it 's completion . John Hedlund 's wife , Katie Hedlund , served as a major support to John and the JSFF team by helping everything run smoothly behind the scenes and greeting every attendee with a warm smile as they entered the building .
Francesco Nuzzi assisted Hedlund with running The Jersey Shore Film Festival . Nuzzi was raised in New Jersey and worked as an actor in numerous theater companies before appearing on television in shows like General Hospital , Guiding Light , White Collar and Unforgettable . They recently starred in the feature Rambler and played Mercutio in a films adaptation of Romeo and Juliet . Nuzzi 's short film “ The Writer ” screened at the festival and their comedic performance lightened the mood after some heavy films screened in the prior film block . Nuzzi established a sense of family and camaraderie within the JSFF team and made sure that every member of the team was taken care of from beginning to end .
Hedlund and Nuzzi teamed up with New Jersey raised actor Danielle Nicolette Najarian and appointed them the Host of The Jersey Shore Film Festival 's red carpet . Najarian interviewed each filmmaker that attended the festival and allowed them to shine by highlighting their talents and abilities that would otherwise have gone unnoticed . Danielle Nicolette Najarian holds a degree in Psychology & the Performing Arts from Monmouth University and is a true humanitarian . They seek to heal others through the roles they bring to life and the stories she 's a part of . They started acting in theater at a very young age . They then became a back up dancer for major stars like Mariah Carey while in college . Later they moved to LA where they trained and worked with some of the biggest stars in Hollywood 's like Will Smith , Christian Slater , Felicity Hoffman , Amy Brenneman , Taye Digs , Tim Daly , Emmy winner Rami Malek and many , many others . She 's had reoccurring appearances on TV shows like ABC 's Private Practice and USA 's Mr . Robot . Danielle appreciates independent films and has completed a number of films and television pilot 's since she 's been on the east coast . They are getting ready to star in a feature film shooting on the Jersey Shore at the end of this month .
Keith Bishop was hired as the main cinematographer of The Jersey Shore Film Festival and was born in Upper Saddle River , NJ . They worked alongside Danielle Nicolette Najarian covering footage of interviews on the red carpet , the Q & A panels after each block and they built up and broke down the step and repeat and red carpet each day of the festival . They directed the film , “ 3 Minutes to Air ” and has worked as a cinematographer on numerous independent films . Melissa O ' Donnell served as the festival 's Program Director where they strategically arranged the films in each block of the festival in a way that conveyed a similar message . Melissa appreciates the deeper aspects of storytelling and how it touches on the human condition . Melissa was born and raised in Philadelphia , PA . They are a LaSalle University graduate with a degree in Psychology and a passion for the arts . They have been in over 40 independent films and studio projects and has worked on the board of other independent film festivals in the past .
Greg Jolley was the head photographer of the festival along with their partner Amber Appleberg on second camera . Jolley was raised in New Jersey and is a professional photographer as well as a director , writer , producer and editor at Open Iris Entertainment along with Hedlund and Nuzzi . They produced and directed the independent film Flare that screened at JSFF . Debbie Higgins conducted the Q & A panels at the end of each film block and kept the crowd engaged and interested by appreciating the work that went into each film . They live in New Jersey where they graduated with a BA in Music from Monmouth University and has served on the staff of JSFF since the beginning .
The Jersey Shore Film Festival took place in an intimate setting under one roof at the House Of Independents in Asbury Park , NJ . Many film festivals , movie screenings and events take place at the House of Independents throughout the year , but one exceptionally talented team made a positive impact on the indie filmmakers who attended and shined brightly on the Jersey Shore this past weekend . John Hedlund , Katie Hedlund , Francesco Nuzzi , Keith Bishop , Greg Jolley , Amber Appleberg , Debbie Higgins , Melissa O'Donnell and actor Danielle Nicolette Najarian were the team that transformed The House of Independents into a home . These 9 young artists came together like a family and brought heart , soul , healing and love back to the Jersey Shore . The warm , welcoming atmosphere that they created along with the heartfelt films that were shown on the big screen is enough to bring New Jersey a new level of respect and a positive reputation in the entertainment industry . So much so , that actor Dash Mihok from NBC 's Ray Donovan , spent the weekend hanging out with this JSFF Crew and even introduced them to their music . ABC 's 20/20 also showed up to cover the festival and a film that screened there titled , “ The Twinning Reaction. ” In their first year of working together the JSFF Crew have brought the “ New ” back to the Jersey Shore and have proven what true New Jersey residents are really made of .
COMMENTS DISABLED BY SITE .
YOU MAY , HOWEVER , COMMENT THROUGH FACEBOOK .
Bayelsa State Government has entered into partnership with Medshare , an American medical facilities services company based in Atlanta , Georgia in the United States of America on provision of clinical equipment to six referral hospitals in the state .
Governor Henry Seriake Dickson in a press release signed by their Chief Press Secretary , Francis Ottah Agbo , said the partnership with Medshare is for the equipping of six referral hospitals and other health centres in the state , repair and maintenance of existing equipment , training of medical technicians and personnel as well as medical intervention teams to perform surgeries and other medical assistance programmes .
The governor , who was conducted on a facility tour of the company by the President/Chief Executive Officer , Charles Redding , and the Vice President , Corporate and International Relations , Nell Diallo , said the strategic collaboration would ensure that Bayelsa had the best medical facilities in Nigeria .
“ When I took over as governor of Bayelsa State in 2012 , there was not a single functional heath centre in the local government areas of the state and the one in Yenagoa , the state capital , was not operating at full capacity .
“ Today , despite the challenging recession facing the country , we have built six referral hospitals in six local government areas and are in the process of building two more in order to have one in each local government area of the state .
“ My desire is to have these hospitals operational by the end of this year and by next year , I plan to have a neighbourhood health centre in each of the wards of the state in order to take healthcare closer to the people .
“ I have also built one of the most sophisticated diagnostic centres in the country today . I have rebuilt the Government House clinic into a 100-bed public specialist hospital , fully equipped with state-of-the-art facilities and it is open to the general public , ” the governor said .
They stated that their administration will give the 500-bed hospital , which has been re-modelled to a 350-bed hospital that they inherited from their predecessors , special attention working hand in hand with Medshare .
hospital will be completed and commissioned next year .
MOUNT PLEASANT , S.C. ( AP ) — It was n't the Easter bunny that startled a South Carolina homeowner and their family . It was n't even a burglar .
The Post and Courier of Charleston reports Susie and Steve Polston were worried that someone was trying to get into their home on Sunday . Instead , Polston 's 16-year-old son found the intruder : a nine-foot alligator crawling on their second-story porch .
The family says the alligator climbed a back stairwell to the porch , crunched through the aluminum screen door and nestled between a sofa and a swinging bench .
State law requires a nuisance-trapped alligator to be killed , but the family did n't want that . The other choice was to wait it out , but the alligator was eventually euthanized .
Last year , an alligator rang a doorbell , while another fell asleep on a porch .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
by
Barbara Parker has always been a singer-songwriter , but it was n't until thirteen years ago that a friend handed them a mic at a party , and after they sang one of their songs asked , “ Why are n't you doing this for a larger audience ? ” And so they did , starting with Open Mic Nights at the Garfield , to various gigs , and the recording of their first CD . But it was the collaboration with jazz pianist , Joe Holt to whom they credit their current success .
They met two years ago when Parker would come to see them perform . Even before being officially introduced , they knew they wanted to work with him . “ I told him : I want to do another project , and I want you to produce it . Joe builds around my music , and makes my music complete. ” Holt interrupts , “ My role here is one of support . This is a duo , but it 's a duo with a structure on facilitating what Barbara does . ”
Listening to them finish each other 's sentences , is a clear indication of their relationship . Parker and Holt seem to have the perfect partnership of lyricist and musical arranger , allowing both of them to do what they love while encouraging each other 's talents . “ I have limited skills musically , and he 's got endless skills musically , ” says Parker . “ That 's the gift they give me . They make me sound really , really good. ” “ I can only do that , ” they retort , “ if there is something there to begin with . Barbara is a complicated person , as any artist is . There 's both complexity and paradox in their life . ”
Nowhere is this complexity more evident than in what they sing about . As with many songwriters , Parker is inspired by what goes on around them “ I love to write when driving . You should see the music that comes with that ! Thank God for cell phones . I have currently 159 voice memos all of which are snippets of songs that come to me . ”
Some of these snippets become songs , and some of these songs become audience favorites . One is Blackbird , written in homage to Robin Williams . “ When I heard they died that morning , I sat down and wrote the song in less than 15 minutes. ” Another song , Sanctuary , came to them after a phone call from a friend who was feeling sad . Them Dragon of the Chesapeake is relatable locally ( and deals with their bridge phobia ) .
Explains Holt , “ That 's how it works when a songwriter is not ‘ formulaic . ' It 's like opening up a spigot. ” Parker laughs , “ I 'm like a bucket that has a hole in it ; luckily Joe is there with a pan . I 'll give them a melody , and I 'll give them a lyric , and he 'll say , ‘ let 's switch the timing up just a little bit , ' or he 'll say , ‘ this should be a tango . ' ”
Them ability to accept various styles and suggestions from Holt is another reason they work so well together . “ I 'm influenced by so much , and I really have no specific musical preference . I listen to everything from classical to jazz to easy listening to pop to rock to country , and when a song comes to me , in the amazing way that it does—this bolt out of the blue , it can be any of the styles . From my standpoint I 'm a storyteller , I 'm a singer-songwriter. ” Holt agrees , “ She 's stylistically diverse . Them songs are as much country and as much pop rock as much tango . All while being accompanied by a jazz pianist ! ”
Parker is also creatively diverse . Successful as a professional painter , their artwork was selected five years ago by the Chesapeake Chamber Music Festival for use on the Festival 's publicity materials and poster . They are also a photographer and writer . “ Creativity is creativity , ” they say . “ It 's all about relating a message in an emotional kind of way that does n't destroy you . ”
Asked what their challenge is as a performer , Parker admits they hope to “ keep producing fresh material , that is not like something else I 've done . I hear it differently in my head , but with my limited musical knowledge , I ca n't make it happen . Having Joe as a resource has been such a gift . I am so grateful . Every day I have the opportunity to create something new and how great is that ? ”
Barbara Parker will be joined by Joe Holt Thursday , June 7th at the Oxford Community Center . Show starts at 7PM and tickets are $ 15 . For more information please go here . For additional show dates , check out their website .
Val Cavalheri is a recent transplant to the Eastern Shore , having lived in Northern Virginia for the past 20 years . She 's been a writer , editor and professional photographer for various publications , including the Washington Post .
Portland Ore – Reacting to a KGW-TV poll that shows most Portlanders are dissatisfied to the city 's response to homelessness , Mayor Ted Wheeler held a press conference Friday afternoon to assure residents that they and the rest of the City Council are doing everything they can to alleviate it . The poll was posted on KGW-TV website after Wheeler scheduled the press conference . It was originally scheduled to be revealed in an upcoming special titled “ Tent City USA. ” Wheeler said they thought the title was unfair because many major American cities have homeless problems , some far worse than the situation in Portland .
Questions , Comments or News Stories Contact Owner/Publisher Jonathan Taylor 410-422-2948 Or email me at jtlesn @ comcast.net
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
TORONTO — WestJet says it is reviewing its baggage policy after a customer complained that it discriminated against travellers from certain countries .
At issue is an airline policy that prevents travellers to Jamaica and Trinidad and Tobago from checking in more than two bags , unless the extra luggage is `` a golf bag containing golf clubs . ''
Jared Walker tweeted about the policy after their 62-year-old mother was prevented from bringing an oversized bag on a trip to Jamaica to attend a funeral .
Walker says the policy is `` absurd '' and shows preferential treatment to tourists , as opposed to travellers returning to their country of origin .
The Lakers welcomed LiAngelo Ball to their practice facility Tuesday to work out with a few other draft prospects , and Ball said afterward they were happy with their performance .
To cap the workout , the Lakers had Ball take the 90-second “ mentality drill , ” in which a player tries to score as many points as possible at each end of the floor . Ball would fire a three at one end , collect their own rebound , then race to the other end and launch another three . They finished the drill with 15 points .
Lonzo Ball watches as LiAngelo Ball goes through the Lakers “ mentality drill ” which tests your stamina , shooting , speed and rebounding . pic.twitter.com/eRL1F1WBH1 — Ohm Youngmisuk ( @ NotoriousOHM ) May 29 , 2018
Duke 's Grayson Allen went through the same drill last week and put up 21 .
Priya Varrier 's Special Wishes
Roshan , the young actor celebrated their birthday yesterday ( April 23 , 2018 ) . Priya Varrier took to their official Instagram page to send out their special birthday wishes to Roshan , their co-star in Oru Adaar Love . They also posted a photo featuring themselves and Roshan that was taken during a media interaction .
Priya Varrier & Roshan – The Celebrated Pair
Well , both Priya Varrier & Roshan are newcomers and they are putting their big step forward into the industry with Omar Lulu 's Oru Adaar Love and even before the big arrival of the film into the theatres , both of them have enjoyed a star stature . The newcomers turned out to become a much celebrated pair , a phenomenon that is not so common with Malayalam movies of youngsters .
Image Courtesy : Facebook Page Of Priya Varrier
Omar Lulu , Priya Varrier & Roshan
Well , the audiences are eagerly awaiting for Omar Lulu 's big movie , which is sure to create some wonders at the box office . Most recently , Priya Varrier took to Facebook to post a picture featuring herself , Roshan and Omar Lulu . The makers are yet to make an official confirmation regarding the exact release date of the movie . Reportedly , the dubbed version of the film will make a simultaneous release .
Priya Varrier 's Popularity ...
Meanwhile , one just need to visit Priya Varrier 's Instagram profile to measure the magnitude of popularity and Priya Varrier has achieved within a short span of time . Now , their Instagram profile has above 5.8 Million followers and is the most followed Malayalam movie artists on Instagram . Most recently , Priya Varrier too , made their big debut into commercials as the actor featured in the latest advertisement of Nestle Munch .
Harbinger Student Literary Journal is hiring fiction , poetry and art editors , designers and a PR coordinator for the 2017-2018 school year . Applicants must be undergraduates with a strong interest in reading and writing . For the designer and PR coordinator positions , experience with Adobe Suite is a strong plus .
To apply , send your resume to Elizabeth Hansen at ttuharbingerjournal @ gmail.com .
All positions are unpaid .
Uhuru Kenyatta , who won re-election as president last week , urges Raila Odinga to take their claims of vote fraud to the country 's courts .
Source : : World News
Authorities in Niger said on Wednesday they have rescued over 100 migrants in the past week abandoned by traffickers in the Sahara desert as they tried to cross into neighboring Libya . The impoverished West African country is a way station for migrants heading to Europe and some experts believe that more African migrants die in the Sahara than at sea . Soldiers rescued 25 migrants on Wednesday morning near a well in northern Niger , the local prefect , Fatoumi Goudou , said . It was not immediately clear what their nationalities were . Another 92 ...
read more ...
Published By : VOA Africa - Today
Toa Maoni yako hapa - Add your comment
Related News
Has the world gone mad ? Two teenage babysitters posted video as they placed a seven month old baby in a fridge while the mother was taking a shower . ...
Subscribe to read : Financial Times
Mélenchon barges way into tight French race in final straight
A Mansfield pensioner has been charged with sexually assaulting a number of girls as young as ten .
Alan Smith , 74 , of Eakring Court , denied nine charges of sexual touching and assault , which were alleged to have happened in the 1970s , and as recently as 2016 , when they appeared at Mansfield Magistrates Court , on Friday .
They were granted unconditional bail until June 22 , for a case management hearing at Nottingham Crown Court .
By Carl Umegboro
THE parliamentary arm of the Federal Government has seemingly remained a drainpipe that impedes economic growth in the country since this democratic system commenced in 1999 . Comparatively , a Nigerian senator or member of the House of Representatives earns several times more than their counterparts across the world . Still , corruption sways in the chambers . In fact , during the previous administrations , ‘ Ghana-must-go ' bags with megabucks were practically turned into lobbying and legislative tools for screenings , confirmation of appointments and passage of budgets . As a result , reckless , profit-motivated and episodic impeachment motions became the order of the day on any president in power particularly during the Olusegun Obasanjo years which all ended in pecuniary deals . Later , it became a routine in the successive governments until the present administration of President Muhammadu Buhari . In effect , do-or-die politics ruled the polity as belonging to the parliament became the fastest money-making venture .
Notwithstanding the gross aberrations , the lawmakers advantageously allocated outrageous allowances to themselves . The recently exposed monthly-running costs of a whopping sum of N13.5 million to each senator which if allocated to visible developmental projects across all the constituencies will no doubt , concurrently boost development across the nation , remains mind-boggling . It is indeed heartless , iniquitous and greed that as much as the amount is self-allocated and collected monthly by each of the senators separately from consolidated salaries on inconsequentialities . Some lawmakers once in a while will fix a quasi-amenity but file up fictitious copious receipts without substantiation . Meanwhile , the people in their constituencies remain in misery , joblessness and poverty . Then , additional N200 million for constituency projects is allotted annually . Perhaps , it should be appropriately renamed paper-projects since they are non-existent anywhere . Little wonder , the polity is pitiable and abandoned . Without doubt , these actions fall below the bar of civility .
This believably , accounts for the unbending attempts to intimidate the chairperson of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission , EFCC , Ibrahim Magu out of office to pave way for a companionable new helmsman . The fundamental question for the lawmakers is ; how could the Public Procurement Act they passed into law specify how projects should be bid for and executed but they indiscriminately allocated public funds to themselves albeit the council is yet to be constituted ? Or is the country comparable to George Orwell 's Animal Farm where some animals are more equal than others ? For example , Section 16 ( 17 ) of the Public Procurement Act 2014 provides that “ a contract shall be awarded to the lowest evaluated responsive bid from the bidders substantially responsive to the bid solicitation. ” By the way , how could the legislature prepare and pass its budget and also clothe itself with powers to override the president ? Indeed , this is a blinder .
The recent episodes are glaringly satirical . Lawmakers fantastically misappropriate public funds that could help improve the economy but always shed crocodile tears over unemployment ratio in the country . Sensitively , if the plights of the youths truly move them as portrayed on the controversial Peace Corps Bill , the appropriate action should be to expand the budgetary allocation specifically as employment interventionist policy which will enable the executive expand its workforce including the existing security agencies and thereby absorb more youths into their respective personnel . Unfortunately , legislature 's budgets alone keep rising yearly with outrageous masked allowances . Over the years , politicians often play on the sensibilities of the vulnerable citizens especially the youths , during election periods . Interestingly , the red chamber is presently manned by unique identities ; commonsense advocate , great anti-corruption crusader , voice of the new generation , defender of the down-trodden , economic empowerment strategist and many other titles who relentlessly criticise the executive every now and again . Yet , they collaboratively overlooked , concealed and promoted for several years , the fraudulent running costs and constituency projects sufficient to improve the country in few years if prudently expended .
Presently , the 2018 Appropriation bill presented to the National Assembly early enough , precisely on November 7 , 2017 by the President to stimulate the economy that was critically hit by recession , sadly still hops up and down at the end of first quarter . Incontestably , the lawmakers work for their personal interests . The constituency projects astutely envisioned has constituted conduits to the treasury . The bicameral legislature itself is the grand drainpipe . As a developing democracy , Nigeria should n't have clichéd the developed system verbatim but modify progressively .
It therefore suggests that the anti-graft agency has a lot of work to do . No amount of propaganda should dampen the spirits from moving into action towards recovering misappropriated public funds , however unselectively .
It is absolutely ridiculous , height of aberration and totally unacceptable to enthrone mediocrity and expect developments . From 1999 the running costs and constituency projects came into existence , it is rare to find any such projects anywhere except few that managed to complete a borehole in one community or repaint a community-market with giant sign-posts . It is fittingly inhumanity to man that lawmakers freely loot public funds while the masses they use satisfactorily during elections are drying up in hunger and hardship . Egocentricity has clearly defeated the objects of constituency projects solicitously aimed at spreading rapid developments to the grassroots through the representatives . Probably , this is where Charley Boy 's “ OurMumuDonDo ” initiative will appropriately and effectually make sense than the defunct ‘ resume or resign ' crusade . Until the legislative arm is reformed , things may hardly fall in shapes .
Umegboro , public affairs analyst wrote from Abuja via : umegborocarl @ gmail.com ( 07057101974 SMS only )
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Video games , typically confined to the bedrooms of Europe 's teenagers , rarely occupy the same orbit as the cut-and-thrust of daily politics .
Except , that is , if you live in Bosnia and Herzegovina . For the tiny country in the Balkans has turned to computer games to hold its politicians to account .
As video games have emerged mocking two of Bosnia 's prominent political figures : Bakir Izetbegovic and Fahrudin Radoncic .
Izetbegovic , 61 , is one of three politicians elected to serve as Bosnia and Herzegovina 's president on a rotating basis .
In their campaign to retain office four years ago — they were first elected in 2010 — Izetbegovic is said to have promised to create 100,000 new jobs .
With fresh elections set for later this year , an anonymous creator has put together a video game reminding voters of this pledge .
The game , called El Baketu , has a character that carries Izetbegovic 's face . In an apparent swipe at them the idea is to collect money and navigate around obstacles like police cars , street protests and uneven roads .
The description of the game on Google Play Store implied it was for the 100,000 people who did not have a job and had time on their hands .
Another game — Flappy Fahro — targets Radoncic , a politician and key rival of Izetbegovic .
Its online description says it was created in reaction to the criticism of the original game from supporters of Izetbegovic .
Euronews asked the political movements of Izetbegovic and Radoncic to comment but they had not replied prior to publication .
El Baketu video game
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Striker Cameron Jerome is ready to make their first start for Derby County if called on , says manager Gary Rowett .
Jerome has been building their fitness since their £1.5m move from Norwich City in the January transfer window .
They have appeared as a substitute in the last two matches - playing 14 minutes against Bristol City and 17 minutes against Millwall .
David Nugent and Sam Winnall have alternated as the frontman in recent matches , but Jerome is pushing to line up against Brentford at Pride Park Stadium today .
Asked if Jerome is ready to start , Rowett said : `` He is in a position to start . They have got minutes under their belt in terms of coming off the bench , and also training minutes .
`` I think they said themselves that Norwich work in a way that they train for long periods , but may be not at the sort of intensity we train at .
`` Every manager has a different philosophy on that , there is no right and wrong .
`` So , Cameron found the first few sessions a bit of an eye-opener for him . ''
Jerome , Nugent and Winnall are vying for the striker role .
Rowett added : `` What is nice for us is we have got three very good options .
`` What we will find , and hopefully not to the detriment of the team , is we will flick between all three of those options .
`` We will look at which striker is going to affect which game . They are all aware of that scenario . ''
An activist business can be wildly successful for a while , but it gets hard to stand out when everybody else adopts the same values and mantras .
That may help explain French cosmetics giant L'Oréal 's reported interest in selling The Body Shop after 10 years of owning the revolutionary store chain and product-line .
Anita Roddick , a fiery animal-rights activist , environmentalist and champion of every progressive cause , founded The Body Shop almost 41 years ago . The chain grew on Roddick 's stringent activism and hippie ethos , which permeated its culture .
By the time they and their husband resigned from the company 's board in 2001 , the company had 1,700 stores in 46 countries , but Roddick thought it “ a dysfunctional coffin ” that had sacrificed its values to market demands . It was also having business problems because it had expanded too fast and competitors such as Aveda and Lush had seized on “ natural beauty ” as a great selling pitch . Its formula is tired .
L'Oréal acquired the company in 2006 , and has struggled with it ever since , despite continuing to expand its global presence to more than 3,000 stores . Some customers were disappointed that L'Oréal tested some of its own brand products on animals — something it claimed it has since stopped doing . But that can not explain why , years after the stigma of the acquisition should have worn off , The Body Shop 's revenue growth has turned negative again lately .
The downturn came despite CEO Jeremy Schwartz 's attempt to revive the brand 's values by doing “ something that is today considered totally radical and in 20 years will have become mainstream. ” That idea has been promoted under the slogan “ Enrich Not Exploit ” , which was registered as a trademark . Schwarz 's plan includes a promise to make 70 per cent of the company 's packaging biodegradable and other , somewhat vaguer commitments such as to “ help 40,000 economically vulnerable people access work around the world . ”
The plan , which Schwartz claimed came to them in an epiphany during a trip to the Amazon , is based on solid business reasoning . The organic cosmetics market , worth $ 11 billion ( Dh40.40 billion ) in 2016 , is expected to double by 2024 . A growing number of consumers are looking for “ organic ” labels when they buy personal-care products .
Naturalness and sustainability are important to a majority of buyers now , and they can check a product 's place on that scale with an app . Fairtrade , the organisation that promotes trade as a tool for helping disadvantaged people and communities , reports solid growth in the sales of products it has certified as compatible with its rules .
A company with The Body Shop 's pedigree on all these issues should be a beneficiary of the trend , as long as it can stay on message .
But Schwartz takes their approach too far . Most label-conscious consumers are n't really diehard activists . This is part of what social scientists call the “ ethical consumption gap ” : People who claim sustainability is important to their purchase decisions often do n't put their money where their mouth is .
Controversies like the 2014 revelation that The Body Shop 's products are sold in duty-free shops in mainland China , where , by law , they can be randomly subjected to animal testing , do n't hurt nearly as much as one might think .
The “ consumption gap ” theory suggests that Roddick 's stringency and Schwartz 's return to their heritage is holding the brand back where other “ natural ” cosmetics producers are doing fine . L'Occitane , a “ natural ” personal-care product company , operates unashamedly in China .
Animal-rights groups accuse it of testing its products on animals , and l'Occitane vehemently denies it , claiming that it 's working from the inside to change Chinese regulations . It 's been growing faster than The Body Shop .
First and foremost , the modern consumer is still interested in product quality , and competitors appear to be getting better customer reviews .
Whoever buys The Body Shop will have to explain to customers in what way the company 's products are better than the growing crop of other “ natural , ” “ sustainable ” and “ ethical ” brands .
— Bloomberg
Twitter/Suffield Academy
Bill Belichick , the legendary Patriots ' coach , has had only one wife during their lifetime : Their ex wife , Debby Clarke Belichick , who is the mother of their three children .
With the Patriots in the Super Bowl again , attention has fallen on Belichick 's family . Bill Belichick does have a current girlfriend named Linda Holliday . Their ex wife Debby Belichick was their high school sweetheart , and they run an interior design firm in Massachusetts . The three children of Debby and Bill Belichick have gone on to successful coaching careers of their own .
Here 's what you need to know :
1 . Debby Clarke Belichick Runs an Interior Design Firm Focused on Tile & Stone
After their divorce , Debby , along with a female friend , opened The Art of Tile & Stone , “ a new tile store in Wellesley that offers everything from design to installation of new stone , ” reported The Boston Herald . The story 's headline reads “ Mrs . Belichick moves on . ”
According to the Boston Herald , Debby opened the store with Paige Yates , a local realtor . On Facebook , most of Debby 's posts revolve around completed projects for that store . Debby also posted about being involved in the Boston Marathon for the Bill Belichick Foundation , writing in the Facebook status , “ this girl keeps life moving in a positive way ! ”
In one 2011 post , they wrote , “ We just received a beautiful sample with glitter grout on glass . What a difference ! ” The company 's Facebook page profile reads , “ When you step into the Art of Tile and Stone , you step into a warm and welcoming atmosphere where tile and stone meets chic art gallery . Here you can browse , while sipping coffee or tea , marveling at the rich palette of colors and textures. ” You can see photos of Debby and Paige here .
2 . Bill Belichick Was Caught Up in a Scandal Shortly After They & Debby Divorced
Bill Belichick 's marriage ended up in the tabloids shortly after they and Debby divorced . The couple divorced in 2006 . According to Boston.com , “ the husband of a former New York Giants receptionist alleged in a divorce case that their wife had been involved for several years with Belichick and had received hundreds of thousands of dollars of support from him . Belichick never publicly addressed the matter , which was resolved without them appearing in court . ”
The newspaper reported that “ a New Jersey judge granted a motion in a divorce case that will allow lawyers for Vincent Shenocca to question Belichick about their involvement with Sharon Shenocca , whom Belichick met in the 1980s when they were a receptionist for the New York Giants and they were the defensive coordinator . ”
According to the New York Post , Belichick was accused in court papers of sending Shenocca “ envelopes stuffed with cash and buying a secret $ 2.2 million Park Slope town house for them use . ”
3 . All Three of Debby & Bill 's Children Are Coaches
Good luck to scouting assistant Brian Belichick'11 and the entire @ Patriots organization as they head to Super Bowl LI . # suffieldforlife pic.twitter.com/e3qlPOFuL8 — Suffield Academy ( @ SuffieldAcademy ) January 29 , 2017
The Belichick children – Amanda , Stephen , and Brian – all ended up playing lacrosse in college . Amanda and Stephen “ played lacrosse at UMass and Rutgers respectively ” and Brian played at Trinity College in Connecticut , Boston.com reports . See a photo of Debby with the couple 's son Stephen and their wife , Jennifer , here .
Stephen Belichick is now the Patriots ' safeties coach . Debby and Bill 's youngest son , Brian , who attended Trinity College where they also played lacrosse , was hired as a scouting assistant for the Patriots and is now a coach as well . Amanda Belichick is a college lacrosse coach . According to The Providence Journal , Brian Belichick has risen steadily through the ranks of pro football , and , this year , they were promoted “ to coaching assistant where they worked with the defensive coaches . ”
In 2011 , when Brian graduated from Suffield Academy in Suffield , Conn. , Bill Belichick delivered the commencement address .
4 . Debby Has Been Involved in Charity Work & They & Bill Were High School Sweethearts
According to Boston.com , Debby and Bill Belichick were high school sweethearts .
Over the years , Debby has used their fortune to give back . In 2011 , according to Boston.com , “ Debby Belichick , ex-wife of Patriots coaches Bill Belichick , joined AccesSportAmerica founder Ross Lilley and a few hundred others at the nonprofit 's annual Mayor 's Cup Regatta on the Charles River. ” The newspaper described the event as a fund-raiser for a group providing “ children and adults living with disabilities the opportunity to participate in sports . ”
In 2016 , The Boston Herald photographed “ Bill Belichick , their ex-wife , Debby , son Steve and Steve 's fiancee , Jennifer Schmitt , picking up the 'Sconset Trust Lourie Family Preservation Award for ‘ the restoration and preservation of La Petite Cottage ' on Nantucket . ”
5 . Bill Belichick Has a Girlfriend Named Linda Holliday
Bill Belichick has romantically moved on to girlfriend , Linda Holliday . According to TMZ , Linda is anything but understated . They “ will be wearing a special blazer with their BF 's last name spelled out across the back and their initials on the arm . We 're told the blazer has 3,500 crystals that were all hand-placed , one-by-one ” to the Super Bowl .
Holliday is 53 and Belichick is 65 . The couple has been together since 2007 , the year after Belichick and Debby divorced . The pair met at a Florida nightclub . You can learn more about Linda Holliday here :
Put your pinky rings up to the moon because Bruno Mars will be in Cleveland Tuesday night rockin ' Quicken Loans Arena .
Here 's what you got ta know :
WHEN : Doors open at 6:30 pm .
Camila Cabello is Bruno Mars ' supporting act
WHERE : Quicken Loans Arena
1 Center Court
Cleveland , OH 44115
PARKING + SECURITY : Check out all the parking information here and be sure to arrive early so you can try one of the great places to eat in the area .
WHAT TO EXPECT : The 24K Magic World Tour has been leaving fans in absolute shock . Bruno is known to bring out some of their biggest hits such as Marry You and Uptown Funk but , do n't worry , he 'll also be playing plenty of new songs from their most recent album , 24k Magic .
If you 're into spoilers , we 've included one of Bruno Mars ' setlists as well as Camila Cabello 's below .
Afeez Hanafi Some visually-impaired pupils of King 's College , Lagos State , their special teacher and parents say there are no learning facilities for the blind in the school . The pupils and their teacher accused the school of failing to provide braille machines and textbooks , as well as modified computers to ease learning , adding that complaints to [ … ]
The post Parents , blind pupils decry learning conditions in King 's College appeared first on Punch Newspapers .
Sara Sobel of Redding , who was arrested in April on charges of risk of injury to a minor , resigned on Wednesday , Sept. 27 , from both the Democratic Town Committee and the Region 9 Board of Education .
In an email , Sobel wrote that they submitted formal letters of resignation to the chairpeople of both boards .
In addition , a motion for a protective order against Sobel was filed on Thursday , Sept. 21 , according to the clerk 's office at Danbury Superior Court . According to the Danbury News-Times , the protective order would prevent Sobel from having contact with the victim of a sexual assault .
Sobel 's attorney , Vicki Hutchinson , said they had no comment on the recent update in regard to the protective order .
According to Mary Ann Carman , chairperson of the Democratic Town Committee , Sobel joined the DTC in 2014 and was elected treasurer in March 2016 .
Vance Hancock , chairperson of the Region 9 Board of Education , spoke positively of both Sobel and their husband , Jon Sobel , who was also arrested in April on charges of risk of injury to a minor .
“ I think this is the kind of thing that needs to play out , ” Hancock said , with regard to the charges pending against the Sobels . “ Sara and Jon have done a lot of good things for the town of Redding and for Region 9 . ”
Sobel previously served on the Redding Board of Education . They were elected in February 2012 , and was chairperson from December 2015 to January 2017 .
According to an April 27 Pilot article , the Sobels were arrested on charges of risk of injury to a minor because they are alleged to have hindered a Department of Children and Families ( DCF ) investigation , and a police investigation into the actions of Steven Overby , 56 , of Norwalk .
Overby was charged by Redding police in early March with three counts of sexual assault of a minor in the first degree , three counts of illegal sexual contact and three counts of risk of injury to a minor .
According to warrants issued for the Sobels ' arrests , Overby was residing at the Sobels ' home from September 2016 to early 2017 , and is described as a “ close friend ” of Sara Sobel .
Specifically , the arrest warrants allege that “ actions and inactions of [ the Sobels ] can be injurious to the child 's mental and emotional health , as well a moral . In addition , these actions can also hinder the investigation against Overby . ”
Click here for the prior Pilot article on the Sobels .
The Paducah Police Department is looking for a man believed to be involved in a theft at the Strawberry Hills Car Wash .
According to police , an employee called them after finding one coin machine had been broken into and a second had been damaged .
They said they believe the same person broke into the machines or tried to , several times over the past few weeks .
The man was caught on surveillance video several times .
Police said they were wearing a dark green hoodie with `` WinNelson '' printed on the back .
Before allegedly breaking into the coin machine , police said they were washing a black , four-door car . They were also seen on surveillance video washing a black Jeep SUV and a black Ford Mustang .
Anyone with information about the man 's identity is asked to call the Paducah Police Department at 270-444-8550 or Crime Stoppers at 443-TELL .
Information leading to an arrested may result in a reward of up to $ 1,000 .
Download the KFVS News app : iPhone | Android
Copyright 2017 KFVS . All rights reserved .
VANCOUVER , BRITISH COLUMBIA -- ( Marketwired - Feb. 14 , 2017 ) - Tajiri Resources Corp. ( the `` Company '' ) ( TSX VENTURE : TAJ ) reports that it will issue up to 4,000,000 stock options at a price of $ 0.20 per option to Management , Directors , Employees , and Consultants to the Company . All options will be issued under the Company 's 10 % rolling stock option plan as approved by shareholders at the March 09th , 2016 Annual General Meeting .
The Company also reports it has entered into an agreement with Paradox Capital Inc. ( or `` Paradox '' ) , of Montreal , Quebec , to provide Investor Relations services for an initial six months ( 6 ) term . Under the agreement the Company will pay to Paradox CDN $ 6500/month , and issue up to 500,000 stock options . The options will vest quarterly over a 12 month period as per TSXV Regulations and will be priced at $ 0.20 ( twenty ) . Paradox will help in the marketing of the Company and its projects to Retail , Institutional , and other members of the investment community . Either party can terminate the agreement at any time by providing thirty days written notice ( 30 ) to the other .
On Behalf of the Board , Tajiri Resources Corp .
Graham Keevil , President , CEO
Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider ( as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange ) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release .
This news release may contain forward-looking statements based on assumptions and judgments of management regarding future events or results . Such statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual events or results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements . The Company disclaims any intention or obligation to revise or update such statements .
This story is about Published 30m
Rangers notebook : Another first-round pick lost for season ; one pitching prospect is dominating Share This Story On ... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Smiley N. Pool/Staff Photographer Texas Rangers pitching coach Doug Brocail ( far left ) , talks with pitchers ( from left ) Bartolo Colon , Ronald Herrera , Yohander Mendez , Jonathan Hernandez and Ariel Jurado after they finished a session in the bullpen during a spring training workout at the team 's training facility on Friday , Feb. 16 , 2018 , in Surprise , Ariz. ( Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News )
By Evan Grant , Staff Writer Contact Evan Grant on Twitter : @ Evan_P_Grant
SEATTLE -- Another first-round selection ; another season-ending injury . Shortstop Chris Seise , the 29th overall pick in last June 's draft , underwent surgery Wednesday to clean out a troublesome rotator cuff in their right shoulder . After being drafted last year , Seise split time between the Arizona Rookie League and Spokane of the short-season Class A Northwest League . They hit .284 with 15 extra-base hits in 215 at-bats last year . They had been at extended spring training , preparing to begin the season at Spokane in mid-June when the shoulder issue arose . Seise is the second recent first-round pick to be lost for the season . Left-hander Cole Ragans , the first-round pick in 2016 , required Tommy John surgery earlier this year .
All-Star ballots The Rangers are highly unlikely to end up with a fan-selected All-Star this year , but those ballots were released Wednesday . They reflect the club 's issues . While Adrian Beltre and Elvis Andrus , who have both been on the DL for most of the season , are on the ballot at third base and shortstop , respectively , neither Isiah Kiner-Falefa , the team 's leader in WAR , nor regular first baseman Ronald Guzman are listed . The Rangers had to provide their ballot selections early in the season . It includes Joey Gallo at first base and , oddly , Jurickson Profar in the outfield . Profar has played regularly at shortstop in Andrus ' absence , but has played just one inning in the outfield . Enter the phenom
The men tasked with building the Texas Rangers have juggled recent tragedy with a difficult lifestyle . It 's the life of an MLB amateur scout .
Right-hander Jonathan Hernandez , 21 , is dominating the Class A Carolina League and might find themselves in Frisco quite soon . Pitching for Down East ( N.C. ) , Hernandez had their second consecutive scoreless outing Wednesday , going eight innings against Buies Creek of the Houston organization in a 1-0 win . They have 14 consecutive scoreless innings and has three consecutive outings with at least 10 strikeouts . Over their last four starts , they have allowed two runs on 13 hits and six walks in 25 innings . They have 36 strikeouts in that stretch . They lowered their season ERA to 1.56 . Briefly -- As expected , the Rangers made room on the active roster for starter LHP Matt Moore by optioning Tuesday 's starter , RHP Austin Bibens-Dirkx , back to Triple-A Round Rock . -- Rangers coaches spent the day observing OTA 's and visiting with counterparts at the Seattle Seahawks facility . It was the second time in the last four years , the Rangers have met with Pete Carroll and their staff to discuss everything from motivation to sports science .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
An extra 50 billion ants are expected to take to the skies across the UK after a huge increase in insect populations .
Every year , colonies synchronise their reproductive cycles and flying ants take to skies in hot weather in search of mates .
Dubbed 'Flying Ant Day ' , the event is predicted to hit UK earlier this year , report Mirror Online . Despite it normally lasting around a fortnight when hot and dry weather arrives , the flights usually take place in July , but this year it is expected to take place as early as June .
Unseasonably warm weather in the UK this spring has led to a surge in the number of ants around the UK .
Wildlife experts believe there are more than 10,000 trillion ants in the world - with around 150bn of them in the UK . But taking into account the huge rise in call-out by Rentokil , this year 's ant population could be closer to 200bn .
A spokesperson for Rentokil said : `` There has been a significant increase in ant activity across the UK .
`` Ant-related call outs increased 148 % from March to April .
`` Experts believe the rise could be attributed to the unseasonably warm start to the Spring - after Brits experienced record-breaking warm weather in April .
( Image : Moment RF )
`` Last month 's period of clear skies and the hottest April day since 1949 may explain the surge in activity , as ants are typically more active in higher temperatures and colonies use sunlight to navigate .
`` If the weather remains mild , Rentokil expects higher levels of ant activity throughout the summer period .
`` Ant life-cycles depend on temperature , and the amount of food available to them .
`` Provided the Queen is healthy , and enough food is being brought back to the nest , ant eggs have a greater chance of survival .
`` Ants can hatch after just three weeks , leading to increased breeding and larger colonies during prolonged warm periods . ''
David Cross , head of the technical training academy at Rentokil Pest Control , said : `` Last month we saw reported ant infestations rise to levels we would n't usually expect until June or July .
`` It 's rare to see ant infestations in cold or overcast weather , and while the ‘ Beast from the East ' may have caused them to remain dormant in March , the sudden change in temperature has since brought them out in their droves .
`` This trend could be set to continue throughout the rest of the summer . ''
They added : `` If temperatures remain high , we also expect this to really be a bumper year for flying ants , which could manifest itself at ‘ Flying Ant Day ' - the ‘ nuptial flight ' stage of ant reproduction where swarms of flying ants are prominent . ''
Kapil Sharma has been surrounded with a lot of controversies . The actor-comedian was recently in news for taking legal action against their ex-managers Preeti and Neeti Simoes , and a journalist . It was also said that the actor is suffering from depression .
Post the controversy , their new show , Family Time With Kapil Sharma , which aired three episodes , also went off air . The actor promised back that they will be back with a bang after a break .
Now it is being said that the actor has been approached for the controversial reality show , Bigg Boss 12 . It has to be recalled that the makers are trying to rope in controversial contestants and Kapil Sharma is apt for the show !
Many celebrities accept to come on the show to clarify the controversies surrounding them . Shilpa SHinde is perfect example for the same . The actor , who was surrounded with a lot of controversies regarding their show , Bhabhi Ji Ghar Par Hai , was roped in for the show . They also succeeded in winning hearts . They also bagged the Bigg Boss 11 trophy .
Although there is no confirmation from the actor comedian , it is a good chance and the show is a big platform for clarify the controversies surrounding him .
For six years , since they took back the House , Republicans have added to a pile of legislation that moldered outside the White House .
In their thwarted agenda , financial regulations were to be unspooled . Business taxes were to be slashed . Planned Parenthood would be stripped of federal funds . The Affordable Care Act was teed up for repeal – dozens of times .
When the 115th Congress begins this week , with Republicans firmly in charge of the House and Senate , much of that legislation will form the basis of the most ambitious conservative policy agenda since the 1920s . And rather than a Democratic president standing in the way , a soon-to-be-inaugurated Donald Trump seems ready to sign much of it into law .
The dynamic reflects just how ready Congress is to push through a conservative makeover of government , and how little Trump 's unpredictable , attention-grabbing style matters to the Republican game plan .
That plan was long in the making . Almost the entire agenda has already been vetted , promoted and worked over by Republicans and think tanks that look at the White House less for leadership and more for signing ceremonies .
In 2012 , Americans for Tax Reform 's Grover Norquist described the ideal president as “ a Republican with enough working digits to handle a pen ” and “ sign the legislation that has already been prepared. ” In 2015 , when Senate Republicans used procedural maneuvers to undermine a potential Democratic filibuster and vote to repeal the health care law , it did not matter that the Obama White House stopped them : As the conservative advocacy group Heritage Action put it , the process was “ a trial run for 2017 , when we will hopefully have a president willing to sign a full repeal bill . ”
“ What I told our committees a year ago was : Assume you get the White House and Congress , ” House Speaker Paul Ryan , R-Wisconsin , told CNBC in a post-election interview last month . “ Come 2018 , what do you want to have accomplished ? ” Negotiations with the incoming Trump administration , they said , were mostly “ on timeline , on an execution strategy . ”
Few presidential candidates have dominated the coverage of an election like Trump did in 2016 . In the campaign 's final stretch , Republican candidates often got less attention for their records in Congress than for their positions on Trump 's statements .
The irony , as Democrats realized after the election , was that congressional Republicans were poised to have more influence over the national agenda in 2017 than congressional Democrats did after the 2008 election that put Obama in the White House with their party in control on Capitol Hill .
While the Democratic majority in 2009 was larger than the GOP advantage this year , the Democrats were hamstrung in ways they came to regret .
Responding to the Great Recession , they spent the transition and first month of 2009 on a $ 831 billion stimulus package , with Obama aides openly hoping that they could pass it with bipartisan supermajorities . Every House Republican and all but three Senate Republicans opposed it , and within 20 days of inauguration , the first tea party protests had broken out against it .
Since November , Republicans have pre-empted any problems like this by making no attempt to frame their agenda as bipartisan . In their first news conference after the election , Ryan said that voters had delivered a mandate for “ unified Republican government. ” Eight years earlier , then-House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D-California , had said only that Americans “ voted in large numbers for change , ” and said the White House would be driving the agenda .
This year 's agenda from House and Senate Republicans has clarity that was often lacking from Trump 's own campaign . Senate Republicans favor using “ budget reconciliation , ” in which measures can be passed with a simple 51-vote majority rather than a filibuster-proof 60 votes , to tackle the ACA and to undo much of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform .
As part of undoing the financial overhaul law , some GOP leaders have begun planning strategies for how to effectively kill the Consumer Finance Protection Bureau , whether by giving Congress control over its budget or finding cause to replace its director , Richard Cordray , with a weaker board .
“ I 'd like to repeal the whole thing , period , ” Senate Banking Committee Chairman Richard Shelby said of Dodd-Frank in December .
The reconciliation process is also likely to be used to pass tax reform , which both Trump and congressional Republicans want to use to lower rates and end the estate tax .
Republicans also are examining ways to undo many of the regulations and other orders enacted by Obama and their administration , including ones issued in the weeks since Trump 's victory and designed to solidify the Democratic president 's environmental legacy .
GOP leaders have cited the 21-year old Con­gres­sional Review Act , which allows Congress to cast simple majority votes of disapproval for regulations , as a way to block anything the administration has ordered since June 2016 .
Since its passage , the CRA has been used only once . But in December , the conservative House Freedom Caucus began compiling a list of more than 200 regulations it views as vulnerable to a disapproval vote .
They include “ burdensome ” school lunch standards , tobacco regulations , laws that set higher wages for contractors , and elements of the Paris climate-change agreement .
“ Talking to some individuals with the Trump transition team , they are taking this extremely serious , ” Freedom Caucus chairperson Rep. Mark Meadows , R-North Carolina , told the Heritage Foundation last month .
Republicans intend to supplement the CRA by enacting a new law that would subject any regulation with an economic impact greater than $ 100 million to a vote of Congress , a change that would have prevented nearly every climate or employment rule change of the Obama years .
The measure , called the Regulations From the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act , or REINS , is a conservative priority that passed the Republican House in 2011 , 2013 and 2015 with backing from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce .
Republican aides now hope for a vote on REINS in the coming days so it can be sent for Trump 's signature immediately after they are sworn in on Jan. 20 .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Eddie Sefko , Mavericks beat writer for SportsDayDFW.com and The Dallas Morning News , answered your questions about the team during a live chat Tuesday . Here are some highlights :
Knowing that Julius Randle is now a free agent , ca n't the Mavs take back the one-year deal with DeAndre Jordan and go after Randle ? They are younger and I believe would be better received in Dallas than Jordan .
Eddie Sefko : I suppose they could , but here 's the problem with this . First of all , do n't stoop down to the `` prettier girl '' syndrome . Word gets around about that and you rub agents and players the wrong way and life gets a lot harder down the road . But more importantly , it 's called free agency for a reason . Players like Randle are free to go wherever they want to go . Some players go for money . Some go for more playing time . Some pick their destination based on other things . In Randle 's case , they can go to New Orleans for a season on a nice salary , build their legacy even more and sign a maxed-out deal next summer . Who knows ? Maybe with Dallas , which will have all the money needed . Listen , the Mavericks are n't going to beat the Warriors or Rockets this season . If you want to debate that , then we might as well end the conversation now . But what they can do is make Dirk Nowitzki 's ( perhaps ) last season as fun as possible . Jordan will help do that . And it gives the young core a year to grow . Two years from now . That 's when you want this team to be blossoming into the best it can be .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Derby is blessed with a plethora of coffee shops giving customers a fantastic choice of drinks - with many boasting experienced baristas .
The venues are the ideal places to meet up with friends or family , or even taking time out to visit alone armed with a book or tablet .
Whether your tipple is an Americano or a flat white , there will be something for every coffee lover as we spill the beans on eight coffee houses in the city .
( Image : Getty )
Bean Caffe
The award-winning venue is a partnership between mum and daughter team Sarah and Liv .
Their aim is to serve delicious drinks with more than a little love and passion . Freshly ground coffee is served , made using beans from Monte Sion , in El Salvador which has an aroma with a powerful kick .
The website stages : `` We opened 2010 and our large airy space is somewhere you can relax , reflect and rejuvenate .
`` Tucked away at the back of Friar Gate Studios with a ‘ where on earth is it ' style illusiveness , we are here to serve those in the know .
`` The coffee is great and the service is always warm and smiley .
`` We are a place to feel relaxed and a place you 'll want to come back to whatever the time of day . ''
Where : Ford Street , DE1 1EE . The sister café , The Docks Eatery is located in the former Magistrates ' Court Building , Full Street , DE1 3AF , along with Rask in Sadler Gate , DE1 3NR
Click here for further details .
Bear
The coffee shop sits within the city 's Cathedral Quarter .
The coffee is carefully selected from sustainable sources and the team ensure every cup served is to an excellent standard .
Working alongside the world 's leading speciality growers , co-operatives , exporters and a coffee roaster , the team at Bear is constantly aiming to maintain the quality of the coffee they serve using only freshly roasted beans .
All baristas are trained in-house to the highest standards which ensures consistency in their approach to coffee .
Where : 7 Iron Gate , DE1 3FJ
Click here for further details .
Uppercase Coffee Shop
The coffee shop is tucked away at the back of the Alphabet Gift Shop , in Mickleover and offers a laid back and cosy atmosphere .
Customers can enjoy an artisan coffee made from Brazilian Arabica beans which are well rounded without any bitterness .
On warmer days coffee lovers will be able to enjoy a drink on the outdoor terrace area .
Where : 44 Station Road , DE3 9GH
Click here for further details .
Jack Rabbits Kitchen
Situated opposite Derby Cathedral , Jack Rabbits is a light open plan venue with large windows so you can watch the world go by .
You can relax with a fresh coffee made from hand-ground roasted beans and enjoy time in the historic Cathedral Quarter of the city .
Coffees served include Flat White , Mocha , Ristretto , Cappuccino , Piccolo and Macchiato .
Where : 53-55 Queen Street , DE1 3DE
Click here for further details .
Miss Coffee
With more than 20 different styles of hot and cold coffee on the menu Miss Coffee is the perfect place to unwind before , during and after shopping until you drop in the city 's Intu centre .
There are coffees from around the world including Hong Kong style and a Mango Café Latte .
Where : 43 Crown Walk , Intu Derby Level 1 , DE1 2NP
Click here for further details .
( Image : Getty )
Cube Café Bar
With coffee sourced from Fryers Coffeehouse in Barton Under Needwood , the team at the venue are proud to support businesses in the area and sources its produce as close to home as possible .
Cube host regular events including a book club on the last Thursday of the month .
Where : Chapel Street , Derby , DE1 3GU
Click here for further details .
Café Rosa
Hosts Nasco and Rumyana offer a full range of gourmet coffees from a dedicated team who serve with a smile .
They said : `` Coffee is one of the most popular hot beverages in our culture .
`` Since its discovery , it has had a decisive influence on the economic , political and social structures of whole countries .
`` Whether it is celebrated in style , gulped down on the run , or picked up as a takeaway on the way to work : coffee was always , and remains , part of our culture . ''
The range served at the venue includes hot and cold coffee such as Cappuccino , Café Latte , Latte Macchiato , Espresso Macciato , Café Freddo and Frappe .
Where : Eagle Centre , DE1 2PL
Click here for further details .
( Image : Getty )
Caffe Grazia
Situated close to the town centre , the coffee house prides itself on its superb Cappuccinos , delicious Lattes , excellent Espressos and fantastic Frappes .
With one of the largest outdoor seating areas in the city customers will be able to taste the continental side of life and watch the world go by .
The website states : `` The story of coffee on its journey from the farm to the final cup is key to our identity .
`` It starts with choosing the right beans , 100 per cent Arabica coffee from some of the finest estates . ''
Where : 9 London Road , DE1 2NS
Click here for further details .
Have we missed out your favourite venue ? Is so , let us know in the comments section below .
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Binesh Prasad outside the High court in Suva after a court sitting . Picture : FT file
Update : 1:17PM BINESH Prasad the man who admitted to killing five people in a house fire at Navosai in Narere in 2015 will be sentenced this afternoon at the High Court in Suva .
The taxi driver who was convicted on five counts of murder , one count of attempted murder , one count of arson and one count of damaging property will be sentenced by Justice Salesi Temo .
They caused the deaths of Jay Narayan , Prishika Devi , Uleshni Ierene Lata , Imran Irshad Ali and Faria Farnaaz Ali in a separate house fire before unlawfully setting Hans Wati 's house on fire and also damaging a taxi valued at $ 18,500 .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A Derby takeaway left a container of rice that would have been refried for customers at room temperature for six hours .
A wok was also obstructing a wash basin and food debris was seen building up on work surfaces in the Chinese takeaway Sun Waa .
As a result , the business in Oaklands Avenue , Littleover , was awarded a score of just one for food hygiene by Derby City Council inspectors .
However , the business has since been revisited by council officers who say that it has improved hygiene practices significantly .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The food hygiene rating system goes from zero to five . A score of five is “ very good ” whilst a score of zero means that “ urgent improvement is necessary ” .
One star , as Sun Waa obtained , means “ major improvement is necessary ” .
What do TripAdvisor customers say ? Sun Waa is not rated poorly on TripAdvisor , as their average score is three and a half stars out of five according to user reviews . The business has been rated six times , three of which were five stars , one was four stars and two were one star . On Just Eat , Sun Waa has a user review score of five and a half stars out of six .
When food hygiene inspectors first visited the premises , they found a container of fried rice that was going to be used for refrying . It had been left out for six hours which could have allowed microbes to grow in it .
The inspector said : “ If you wish to keep cooked food out ready for service then you must ensure that only small amounts are kept out of refrigeration for up to a couple of hours at a time . ”
Access to the wash basin was obstructed by a wok , a cleaning brush and a whisk , according to the report , which prevented staff members from washing their hands properly .
The report also noted a build-up of food debris at the back of fridges , freezes and food preparation areas , which could pose a risk of microbial growth .
The inspector highlighted how the sink was being used to wash both raw meat and ready-to-eat foods , which poses a risk of cross-contamination .
Staff were n't seen to be using a two-stage cleaning process when cleaning work surfaces and were using bleach spray which is not recommended .
The council officer said : “ Bleach must not be used on food preparation surfaces as it poses a risk of tainting food . ”
Insect webbing was found on the storeroom light bulb and the probe thermometer , used to test food temperature , was not working at the time of the inspector 's visit .
The manager of Sun Waa said : “ The hygiene inspector visited us in November but , unfortunately , they gave us a one-star rating and since then we have worked exceptionally hard to improve the hygiene in our takeaway .
“ Recently , on the 24th of January , the hygiene inspector revisited us again to check the progress and was very pleased to see the improved standard of our work .
“ On top of that , they will return in early March to re-score our hygiene ratings to five stars . ”
This inspection originally took place in November 2017 , but the report has only recently been released to the Derby Telegraph after Freedom of Information request .
After the initial scoring , the business has 30 days to appeal that decision . The council must then process the report which can take weeks .
Only after this can Freedom of Information request be made , which takes up to 20 days to be provided .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Season ticket renewal prices at Derby County have been frozen for a third year in a row .
And the Rams have again offered those fans who secured their seat no later than September 30 , 2017 , and who renew in the first period of ticket sales this time , their money back should Derby be promoted to the Premier League .
The club has also announced a new discounted family season ticket as well as free season tickets for supporters over the age of 85 who have been full season ticket holders since the 2013/14 season .
Derby says current season ticket holders will receive their renewal packs containing all of the relevant information through the post in the coming days .
The new discounted family season ticket is in the North Stand Lower .
A discount of 10 % is available when purchasing an Adult/Senior Citizen and an Under-18 season ticket together ( available on a 1:1 ratio ) .
The clubs say this can not be used in conjunction with any other offer .
Derby will continue to offer free under-12s season tickets . All under-12s must be accompanied and be sat with a full paying adult at a ratio of one adult to one child ( under 12 ) , and be a Rams Squad Member .
The first renewal period is underway and will run until 4pm on Monday , April 2 , during which time season ticket holders can reserve the current seats . After this time , any seats that are not renewed will be released for other supporters to purchase .
The second renewal period will begin on Saturday , April 7 , while the option to relocate seats will be available during the annual Relocation Period between Tuesday , April 3 , and Friday , April 6 .
Check some Snapchats about dogs that will make you laugh HARD .
You 're sure to laugh , whether you 're a dog lover or not , at these dog Snapchats .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
PASADENA , Calif. ( CBSMiami/AP ) — The colorful , rose-covered floats of the lively Rose Parade made their way under cloudy skies and heavy security as crowds celebrated the new year with the annual tradition .
The colorful and lively Rose Parade marched safely Monday under cloudy skies and the watchful presence of more than 1,000 law enforcement officers .
No major problems were reported after security and other safety measures were beefed up for the 128th annual parade as a response to several terror attacks in Europe in the past year .
Gallery : The Colorful Floats Of The Rose Parade
There were no known threats toward Pasadena , officials said , but in addition to uniformed and plainclothes officers , additional security measures were taken . Sturdy barricades were erected at more than 50 intersections to prevent a terrorist attack like ones that happened in Berlin and Nice , France , last year when trucks barreled into crowds of people .
A large law enforcement presence was also seen at the nearby Rose Bowl , where the University of Southern California was to play Penn State .
As fans tailgated hours before the game , several truckloads of FBI SWAT officers arrived at the stadium . They were joined by Los Angeles sheriff 's deputies , the California Highway Patrol , Pasadena police , bomb-sniffing dogs and Homeland Security officers .
The 5½-mile parade featured marching bands , horseback riders and dozens of ornately decorated flower-covered floats .
Highlights included a Hawaii-themed float with a volcano and several waterfalls , another with surfing dogs and one honoring the 49 people killed in the Pulse nightclub in Orlando , Florida . The AIDS Healthcare Foundation sponsored the float titled “ To Honor and Remember Orlando ” that included three survivors of the attack .
Three Olympic gold medalists — runner Allyson Felix , diver Greg Louganis and swimmer Janet Evans — were grand marshals of the parade .
Temperatures were cooler than normal , in the 50s during the parade . Spectators who arrived early and some at the end of the show experienced light rain .
( TM and © Copyright 2016 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries . CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . The Associated Press contributed to this report . )
The Vishnya-class intelligence ship Kareliya , similar to the Leonov , next to the U.S. Navy cruiser USS Texas back in 1988 . Photo credit : U.S. Navy
U.S. government officials said today that they believe Russia has secretly deployed two battalions of the SSC-X-8 cruise missile , which violates a 1987 treaty , according to the New York Times . At the same time , a Russian spy ship , the SSV-175 Viktor Leonov , is now hanging out off the United States ' East Coast . And it could not come at a worse time for U.S. President Donald Trump .
The Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty , known as INF , bans U.S. and Russian ground-launched ballistic or cruise missiles capable of flying between 300 to 3,400 miles . The Pentagon has known about the development of the new SSC-X-8 cruise missile since 2008 , when the Russians began test-firing it . The Obama Administration had worked to persuade the Kremlin to end the tests and to adhere to the terms of the INF after concluding the test occurred in a 2014 report . Both Obama and then-Secretary of State John Kerry told Russia to back off .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Clearly , the Russians did n't listen . Officials told the New York Times that the missile has been removed from current intelligence reports , meaning it is fully operational .
During one test on September 2 , 2015 , the missile did not fly beyond the 300-mile ban range , according to the Washington Free Beacon . However , the SSC-X-8 is capable of reaching distances beyond that range , which clearly violates the INF . While the missile is not capable of reaching the United States , it can certainly hit NATO alliance members in much of Europe , especially the Baltics and Poland .
Making matters worse is the optics of a Russian spy ship , the SSV-175 Viktor Leonov , just chillin ' 70 miles off the coast of Delaware at the same time , according to Fox News . The ship can intercept communications and measure U.S. Navy sonar capabilities . It was in international waters and the spy ship 's sighting was not a big concern , but “ we are keeping our eyes on it , ” one official told Fox News . By the way , the Leonov is armed with surface-to-air missiles .
Sponsored
This kind of nautical trolling is not unusual . During the Cold War , Russian spy ships regularly spied off the U.S. east coast and American ships spied on Russia as well . And the the SSV-175 Viktor Leonov has visited America before : it and another Russian ship were seen near our waters in 2014 .
But both of these developments come at an extremely difficult time for the Trump administration . The president 's national security advisor , Michael Flynn , was forced to resign after it was discovered they are n't completely forthcoming about their contact with a Russian diplomat .
Advertisement
As I said in my analysis this morning , Flynn 's departure already makes Trump look like a Russian pawn . Though the development the SSC-X-8 took place on Obama 's watch , Trump will be tasked with how to best deal with its deployment . It is one thing to test a missile that violates a long-standing treaty . It is another thing completely to deploy missile battalions in blatant defiance of that treaty .
NATO members have long expressed concerns over Trump 's commitment to the alliance , so this deployment surely will not put them at ease . Moreover , it will also test the mettle of how tough Trump will negotiate with Putin , who , by the way , they have yet to criticize . One has to think what Ronald Reagan , the GOP hero lauded for leading the fall of the USSR , would do in this situation . The INF was signed by Reagan and Mikhail Gorbachev as the Soviet Union was on its deathbed . Now , it seems like American diplomatic power finds itself in the same predicament with the Kremlin in light of the missile deployment .
Advertisement
Additionally , this could potentially complicate any efforts for Trump to negotiate other arms treaties with the Kremlin , as the New York Times wrote :
Before they left their post last year as the NATO commander and retired from the military , Gen. Philip M. Breedlove warned that deployment of the cruise missile would be a militarily significant development that “ ca n't go unanswered . ”
Coming up with an arms control solution would not be easy . Each missile battalion is believed to have four mobile launchers and a larger supply of missiles . The launcher for the cruise missile , however , closely resembles the launcher used for the Iskander , a nuclear-tipped short-range system that is permitted under treaties . “ This will make location and verification really tough , ” General Breedlove said in an interview .
Putin is winning the diplomacy battle , and Trump has not so much as condemned the Russian leader for hacking the election—let alone this latest show of strength .
This is going to get far worse before it gets better .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- It 's the most wonderful time of year for Kansas City thrill seekers . Haunted houses across the metro are opening their dungeons to zombies , ghosts and goblins , leading up to Halloween . The attractions do a lot to make sure you do n't have to worry about who is behind the makeup and masks .
The sounds and sights inside Kansas City 's most famed haunted attractions will definitely send chills up your spine .
“ Scaring is n't easy . It 's all about the timing… . we touch all of your senses . So that 's what we 're always working on . Just not one BOO ! How do I make your mind work ? How do I evoke the adrenaline rush ? ” said Amber Arnett-Bequeaith , vice president of Full Moon Productions .
But while your heart is pumping from the rush of what 's next , many haunted attractions insist they work hard to make sure the people scaring you are there for the right reasons .
“ We constantly are working to make it a safe experience . Every single person has to audition for their place at Full Moon Productions and background checks are run on every single one . So we take it to the nth degree in putting our cast together . Not only for their scaring or their talent and acting abilities because we 're very theatrical , but also just making sure we dot the I 's and cross the T 's when it comes to safety , ” said Arnett-Bequeaith .
Full Moon has faced allegations of sexual misconduct in 2014 and again last year . But with five haunted attractions in the metro that draw more than 100,000 visitors a year , they say it 's tough to prevent everything , but they do their best . The properties are outfitted with a bunch of security cameras and a big police presence to make sure you live with a frighteningly good experience .
“ It 's screams and laughter . That 's what Halloween is all about—that little bit of fright , but it 's all in fun . We are tradition , we are family entertainment , and we 're here to make everyone 's lives a little more fun during Halloween , ” Arnett-Bequeaith said .
We also checked in with other local haunted attractions about their safety measures . Here are the responses we 've gotten so far .
WORLDS OF FUN
The park does not speak publicly about its security and safety protocol and declined to comment for this story .
EXILED/TRAILS OF TERRORS in Bonner Springs
All employees are subjected to background checks . The attraction has security staff on the course , and the course has clearly marked exits points for emergencies . Staff members are encouraged to not physically touch visitors .
FULL MOON PRODUCTIONS ( The Beast , Edge of Hell , Macabre Cinema , Chambers of Poe , Ghosts & Gangsters Tour )
-Professional police and security detail on site
-Security cameras throughout venues
-Strict hiring procedures including background checks and employee screenings
-Zero tolerance for improper conduct
Derby County striker Chris Martin says Scotland have gained `` real momentum '' going into their decisive final World Cup qualifier - but admits the team still have a `` massive job '' to do if they are to reach next summer 's finals in Russia .
The Scots kept their qualification hopes alive with a dramatic 1-0 victory over Slovakia at Hampden Park on Thursday night .
Rams duo Ikechi Anya and Martin came off the bench to play a key role in the home side 's 89th-minute winner .
Martin attacked Anya 's low cross from the right , forcing Martin Skrtel to put through their own net .
The result lifted Gordon Strachan 's up to second place in the Group F table and means that victory against Slovenia in Ljubljana on Sunday ( 5pm ) would secure the runners-up spot .
England have already won the group to seal qualification , while Slovakia and Slovenia could still catch Scotland .
Eight of the nine runners-up from the European qualifying groups will go into a two-legged play-off for four places at the finals .
That means the second-placed team with the worst record ( excluding results against the group 's bottom-ranked side ) will miss out .
Qualification for Scotland looked a long shot at the turn of the year after successive 3-0 defeats by Slovakia and England left them with four points from four games .
But Martin 's late winner against Slovenia kick-started a charge which has seen them move to 17 ahead of Sunday 's clash .
`` We have gained real momentum over the last few months with the performances and results we have had , '' said the 28-year-old frontman .
`` Winning breeds confidence and the performances on top of that , that 's why you saw saw the confidence in the lads .
`` We are playing a hell of a lot better than we were towards the start of the campaign and hopefully we will get the rewards for the hard work we have put in , not just in this campaign but in previous campaigns where we have been unlucky .
`` We have great belief and togetherness in the squad . We believe in each other and the manager , and what we are doing , and the plan in front of us . That shows in the results , but also in the tough times where we are up against it , we still carry on believing in each other .
`` Up to this point it has worked but we know there is a massive job still to do . ''
NEW YORK ( AP ) — It 's frankly amazing .
Chowdown champions will face off Wednesday at Nathan 's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest , where the men 's record stands at 72 frankfurters and buns in 10 minutes .
Ten-time winner Joey “ Jaws ” Chestnut will confront 20 other men on New York 's Coney Island boardwalk . They set the record last year .
Miki Sudo ( MIHK'-ee SOO'-doh ) is seeking a fifth women 's title in a row . The 19-woman field includes record-holder Sonya “ The Black Widow ” Thomas .
Sudo downed 41 franks and buns last year . Thomas ' record is 45 , but they managed 30 last year .
The event attracts thousands of in-person spectators and is televised on ESPN .
Last year , animal rights activists tried to unfold a banner amid the crowd . Five protesters were taken into custody for questioning and released .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — Dodgers relievers Pedro Baez and Ross Stripling are on Los Angeles ' roster for the NL Division Series against the Arizona Diamondbacks .
Slumping outfielder Joc Pederson and utilityman Tim Locastro did n't make the squad announced by manager Dave Roberts on Friday before Game 1 in Los Angeles .
Arizona made two changes to its roster from the wild-card game against Colorado , adding Game 1 starter Taijuan Walker and Pacific Coast League MVP Christian Walker while dropping outfielder Rey Fuentes and catcher Chris Herrmann .
Diamondbacks manager Torey Lovullo also confirmed Robbie Ray will start Game 2 and ace Zack Greinke will take the mound for Game 3 , as expected . Lovullo has n't chosen a starter for a possible Game 4 .
Rich Hill will start Game 2 for Los Angeles , with Yu Darvish starting Game 3 and 16-game winner Alex Wood likely starting a possible Game 4 .
Baez made a team-leading 66 relief appearances for NL West champion Los Angeles this season , yet they were a regular target of derision from fans in Chavez Ravine and on Twitter while posting a 2.95 ERA . But after two dismal appearances in early September , they did n't allow a run while striking out seven over four scoreless appearances to end the regular season .
Roberts has been a firm supporter of Baez , who has pitched for the Dodgers since 2014 . The right-hander has a 6.52 ERA in 11 career postseason appearances .
“ I think that ultimately , Pedro has been a big part of what we 've done all year , ” Roberts said . “ I trust him . Arguably , he 's been our highest-leveraged reliever outside of Kenley ( Jansen ) all year , so I just think it makes sense . ”
Stripling was busy all year for the Dodgers , working 74 1/3 innings during a season that included two starts . But they also hit the postseason with questions after posting a 6.08 ERA in their final 13 appearances .
The Dodgers kept 12 pitchers , including eight relievers , at the expense of the speedy Locastro , who could have been a pinch-running specialist . Los Angeles also kept Kyle Farmer as a third catcher behind Yasmani Grandal and Austin Barnes .
Pederson was left off the roster after batting .071 with no homers after July . Roberts instead went with Farmer , who played in only 20 games for Los Angeles this season , and veteran Andre Ethier .
Taijuan Walker was set to make their postseason debut in Game 1 against Clayton Kershaw after Arizona used Ray in relief during its 11-8 victory over Colorado on Wednesday .
Christian Walker batted .309 with 32 homers for Triple-A Reno , but has only 39 career at-bats in the big leagues . They provide a right-handed power threat off the Diamondbacks ' bench .
“ We had a lot of really good baseball conversations , and these were tough decisions for us , ” Lovullo said . “ ( Fuentes and Herrmann ) have been mainstays and helped us win a lot of games this year , but we just felt like ( when ) we were projecting the Dodgers roster that we wanted to maximize certain situations . Well , we had to give something up . You ca n't have every matchup you want . ”
Infielder Chris Owings was another tough omission from Arizona 's roster . They broke their right middle finger in July , but plans to play in an instructional league game Saturday .
“ ( Owings is n't ) 100 percent physically , but he 's getting there , ” Lovullo said . “ He 's very , very close . Could they have played in this game ? Probably . But we have other options that we felt like could get us through this . ”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
POMPANO BEACH , FLA. ( WSVN ) - A yacht left destroyed in Pompano Beach by Hurricane Irma is set to be removed by Saturday .
7Skyforce HD hovered over the sunken 92-foot yacht in Hillsboro Inlet .
Crews prepared the giant vessel to be pulled out by TowBoatU.S . of Fort Lauderdale .
The company will use a 300-ton crane to yank it out of the water and haul it to a boatyard .
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
South Elgin 's Riverfest Express kicks off with special night
hello
South Elgin 's 21st annual Riverfest Express is ready to be rolled out with plenty of fun activities for the whole family , including A Special Night For Special Kids on Wednesday , Aug. 16 .
The event runs from 6-9 p.m. and offers free food and admission for special-needs children and their families .
`` Carnival rides are free , we have food donated , we have donated entertainment and volunteers to help people , '' said Joyce Ware , co-chair of the festival .
A Special Night for Special Kids was first offered 19 years ago , according to Ware , of South Elgin , when 50 kids and their families attended . It has become far more popular since that time .
`` Last year , we had 1,600 people checked in , '' Ware said .
The event has been the recipient of the Governor 's Home Town Award .
On Thursday , Aug. 17 , the main event begins , and continues through Sunday , Aug. 20 , at Panton Mill Park , 10 N. Water St . It includes fireworks on a different night than in the past .
`` We 're having the fireworks on Saturday night at 9:30 , which is something different . We usually have them on Sunday night , '' Ware said .
According Ware , who is chairing the show for the 21st time , the crowd favorites are the carnival and the Sunday car show , which will highlight late model and emergency vehicles .
`` We have a car show at County Park , '' Ware said . `` They have about 150 to 200 cars . ''
Festival visitors also enjoy the Craft and Small Business Expo , which takes place Saturday and Sunday from 11 a.m.-5 p.m .
`` I have 35 vendors and I have a nice mix of businesses and crafters , '' said Susan Wright , who runs the event . `` They 're all new except for a couple of vendors . ''
Many small businesses have signed up to present their offerings along with a variety of crafters , according to South Elgin native Wright .
`` I 've got one guy coming in called The Crafty Dad , and he 's making masks and superhero costumes . There are all kinds of jewelry coming in this year , and a guy making soy candles melted on wine bottles . ''
There is live musical entertainment on all four nights that runs the gamut from Motown to country to classic rock . Headliners include Hillbilly Rockstarz , 97Nine Band and Smokin ' Gunz . Thursday and Friday bands begin at 5:30 p.m. , and on Saturday and Sunday the music starts at noon and continues all day and night . A full list of bands can be found at riverfestexpress.net .
For model train fans , young and old , an intricate model train display , provided by Valley Model Railroad Club in South Elgin , will be set up Saturday and Sunday at the municipal annex .
Image copyright Jim Mailer
A total of £90.2m is being invested into Stirling and Clackmannanshire by the Scottish and UK governments .
The money - £45.1m for each area - is part of the City Region Deals , which are designed to drive economic growth .
The investment will support a new International Environment Centre and a new Aquaculture Innovation Hub .
It will also help develop tourism and culture , and fund a £2m digital district and the creation of digital hubs in Callander and Alloa .
The deal will see land owned by the Ministry of Defence released to the council for housing and business , and there will be support for disadvantaged groups in Clackmannanshire to access work .
The two governments will work in partnership with Stirling and Clackmannanshire councils .
Scottish Secretary David Mundell said : `` The ambitious and innovative deal will drive economic growth across the region , creating jobs and boosting prosperity for generations to come . It is now for Stirling and Clackmannanshire to get on with the hard work needed to turn these proposals into a reality .
`` Today 's announcement brings the UK government 's investment in UK City Region Deals in Scotland to more than £1bn . All of Scotland 's seven cities either have , or are in negotiation for , a deal . And talks are also under way on the Borderlands and Ayrshire growth deals . ''
They added : `` The UK government is working hard to boost economic growth right across the UK . We want to work with the Scottish government where we can to ensure the sustainability and prosperity of Scotland 's economy . ''
'New chapter '
Scottish Economy Secretary Keith Brown said : `` Scotland 's cities and regional communities are the engines of our economy . Today 's Stirling and Clackmannanshire City Region Deal demonstrates our clear and strong commitment to supporting and growing the regional economy .
`` That is why the Scottish government has agreed to invest £45.1m as part of a £90.2m City Region Deal that will deliver significant long-term benefits for Stirling and Clackmannanshire and Scotland as a whole .
`` This deal has the power to build on the area 's socio-economic strengths and expertise , developing them to transfer the economy , bringing sustained economic growth and positive social impact to all of its communities . ''
Stirling Council leader , Scott Farmer , said : `` This deal will help Stirling Council write the first page of a fresh new chapter in this area 's ancient , famous and storied history . Today we focus on our future by using this investment to not just build on what we have and know , but to expand , grow and truly flourish in the modern world .
`` Our aim is to bring change and innovation to the people , businesses and communities of the entire region and the funding brought forward with the City Region Deal puts the power in our hands to achieve that . ''
Clackmannanshire Council leader Ellen Forson added : `` I believe that the joint City Deal bid provides a unique opportunity to promote shared and sustainable growth in our region over the next 10 years and beyond , building on Clackmannanshire 's strengths whilst helping to change the lives of our disadvantaged and excluded residents . ''
The largest African-American hair show , which is held in Atlanta , Georgia 's World Congress Center is celebrating a 70-year milestone . The Bronner Bros. International Beauty Show has been in motion for 70 years , celebrating trends and creations of African-American hair and beauty .
# bronnerbros # 2017 booth 1126 😘 # booksigning A post shared by RAZOR CHIC ( @ razorchicofatlanta ) on Feb 12 , 2017 at 7:49am PST
It all started in the 1930 's when African American wealth was prominent in the Auburn Avenue area of Atlanta . A man by the name of Dr. Nathaniel Bronner relocated to the city after experiencing harassment from the KKK ( they burned down their home twice when they were living in Kelly , GA ) . To make money , they started delivering newspapers while studying business at Morehouse College and hanging out at their sister 's salon . Pretty soon , they started selling hair products from their sister 's salon along with the newspapers during their route . They then realized the hair products were selling more than the actual newspapers and decided to enroll in the beauty college of Sarah Spencer Washington , who was one of the many black women launching hair care empires during that time . Dr. Bronner graduated as the only man in their class in 1939 and in 1947 , founded the company and show along with their brother , Arthur .
@ richforever and @ bobbyvshow are at the @ therichhaircare booth 701 ! A post shared by Bronner Bros ( @ bronnerbros ) on Feb 13 , 2017 at 1:00pm PST
The show has had a significant presence in African-American history over the years , featuring speakers such as Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and more recently stylists for Oprah , Tyra Banks and Michelle Obama . The current director , Dr. Bronner 's son James , says men have always led the company but says that may change in the future . “ I 'm the show director now , but I plan to turn it over to my daughter one day and they will be a female face for that show and the company . ”
Congratulations to The Bronner Bros. for 70 years of beautiful success ! Check out Mizani 's hair presentation below :
@ mizaniusa 's presentation was amazing ! # bronnerbros # BBWinter17 # 70yearsBB A post shared by Bronner Bros ( @ bronnerbros ) on Feb 13 , 2017 at 9:29am PST
DO N'T MISS :
HAIRspiration : 11 Unique Styles Featured At The Bronner Brothers Hair Show
Are Your Hair Products Doing More Harm Than Good ?
Ray J And Princess Love Debuted Their Hair Products Line
We all know how big a fan Varun Dhawan is when it comes to WWE , and the Judwaa 2 star got the opportunity to spend time with stars like Triple H , Jinder Mahal and various other wrestlers and hosted the Delhi version of WWE .
Also , Jinder Mahal lost to Triple H but had no qualms of losing and said , `` No shame in facing defeat by the greatest of all time . '' Check out the pictures below ...
Marsha November Russell
1928-2016
JACKSON , Tenn. – Marsha November Russell , 88 , died Saturday , December 31 , 2016 at Regional Hospital of Jackson .
They were born November 13 , 1928 in Dresden , Tenn. to the late Cat and Mary Frances Freeman .
They were preceded in death by their husband , Charles ( Charlie ) Freeman Russell of McKenzie ; a son-in-law , Ted Mack Brush ; and two brothers , Charlie Freeman and Tom Freeman .
They are survived by their children , Charles Ronald Russell ( Nan ) of McKenzie , Marsha Carol Brush of Jackson , and Charles Freeman “ Chuck ” Russell , Jr. ( Margaret ) of Hendersonville , Tenn. ; six grandchildren , Cassandra Russell Scott ( Kevin ) of Jackson , Marsha Veronica Russell of McKenzie , Brittany Russell of McKenzie , Brent Thomas Brush ( Courtney ) of Jackson , Marsha Katherine “ Katie ” Nickey ( Donnie ) of Jackson , and Charles Freeman “ Charlie ” Russell , III of Hendersonville . ; six great-grandchildren , Tyler and Knox Scott , Blaine Russell , Tate Thomas Brush , Trey Nickey , and Darby Nickey ; and five brothers and sisters .
A private family service will be held Monday , January 2 , 2017 at George A. Smith and Sons North Chapel , Jackson , Tenn. ( 731 ) 427-5555 . ( published January 3 , 2017 in The McKenzie Banner )
Villanova 's unbeaten start now includes a No . 1 ranking in the AP Top 25 , while Arizona State is making a rapid rise into the top 10 under third-year coach Bobby Hurley .
After a tumultuous week in which unanimous No . 1 Duke and No . 2 Kansas lost , the Wildcats ( 10-0 ) earned 41 of 65 first-place votes to hop over Michigan State and reach the top for the third straight season .
Villanova and Michigan State were the favorites to take over at the top after the Blue Devils ' weekend loss at Boston College , though there was far less certainty for voters about who was now the nation 's top team . The Spartans ( 9-1 ) earned 19 first-place votes to climb from third to second , while the other five first-place votes went to the Sun Devils — who leapt 11 spots to No . 5 after Sunday 's win at Kansas .
Arizona State ( 9-0 ) is off to its best start since the 1974-75 season . Now the Sun Devils — who also have a win against Xavier this season — have their highest ranking since reaching third during the 1980-81 season .
Wichita State climbed three spots to No . 3 , followed by Duke and Arizona State . Unbeaten Miami climbed four spots to No . 6 , followed by North Carolina , Kentucky , Texas A & M and Xavier to round out the top 10 .
Villanova helped itself with an impressive win against No . 12 Gonzaga last week in New York , though the Wildcats had to fight to the final minute Sunday to close out a La Salle team that entered at 5-5 .
“ It 's always an honor to be ranked No . 1 , ” Villanova coach Jay Wright said in a statement . “ It 's great for the Nova Nation and we appreciate the respect of the writers . We know it 's early , though , and we need to get a lot better . ”
KANSAS ' FALL
The Jayhawks ( 7-2 ) slid 11 spots to No . 13 after two losses last week , the first coming against Washington in Kansas City , Missouri , before losing to the Sun Devils in Allen Fieldhouse .
SHUFFLE UP
Only two teams — No . 8 Kentucky and No . 12 Gonzaga — stayed in the same spot . Thirteen teams rose in the poll , while four of the seven teams that fell slid at least eight spots .
TOP RISERS
Arizona State 's leap was the biggest , though No . 11 West Virginia ( 9-1 ) moved up seven spots after beating then-No . 15 Virginia . No . 14 TCU ( 10-0 ) climbed six spots after a win against a then-ranked Nevada team .
Miami , UNC , No . 15 Seton Hall , No . 17 Purdue and No . 20 Tennessee all climbed four spots .
LONGEST SLIDES
While Kansas ' losses stood out , No . 22 Florida had the biggest fall of the week .
The Gators ( 6-3 ) slid 17 spots after home losses to Florida State and to Loyola Chicago — a game in which they led for all of 93 seconds . Florida salvaged a win against Cincinnati in the Never Forget Tribute Classic in Newark , New Jersey , to avoid a four-game skid .
No . 18 Notre Dame ( 8-2 ) fell nine spots after an upset loss to Ball State , while the No . 25 Bearcats ( 7-2 ) slid eight spots .
NEWCOMERS
There were three newcomers to this week 's poll , though one is more of a welcome back .
The list included No . 19 Florida State ( 9-0 ) and No . 24 Texas Tech ( 7-1 ) , while Arizona returned to the rankings at No . 23 .
Arizona 's 0-3 showing at the Battle 4 Atlantis in the Bahamas made the Wildcats the first team in three decades to go from No . 2 in the AP Top 25 to unranked in a week . But four straight wins have the preseason Final Four favorite back in the poll .
SLIDING OUT
Minnesota ( No . 14 last week ) , Nevada ( No . 22 ) and Southern California ( No . 25 ) all fell out of the poll .
1 . Villanova ( 41 first-place votes )
2 . Michigan State ( 19 )
3 . Wichita State
4 . Duke
5 . Arizona State ( 5 )
6 . Miami
7 . North Carolina
8 . Kentucky
9 . Texas A & M
10 . Xavier
11 . West Virginia
12 . Gonzaga
13 . Kansas
14 . TCU
15 . Seton Hall
16 . Virginia
17 . Purdue
18 . Notre Dame
19 . Florida State
20 . Tennessee
21 . Baylor
22 . Florida
23 . Arizona
24 . Texas Tech
25 . Cincinnati
FILE - This Aug. 14 , 2017 file photo provided by the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation shows Charles Manson . Manson 's cremated remains have been scattered nearly four months after the cult leader died in prison . A funeral was held Saturday , March 17 , 2018 , following a court battle for the 83-year-old 's remains .
California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation via AP , File )
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Serious criminals are being warned a new camera car is targeting them in large areas of Derby with the aim of finding child abusers , human traffickers and wanted crooks .
The police vehicle will regularly patrol areas including Sinfin , Littleover , Normanton , Allenton and Alvaston in a bid to crackdown on criminals .
A car has been fitted with automatic number plate recognition technology , which means a registration number is read and instantly checked against database records of vehicles of interest .
Officers can intercept a vehicle , check if for evidence and question the driver . Cameras around the city which also use the same technology will alert officers where people of interest are so they can track them down with the vehicle .
Greg Hunt , Inspector for Derby East , said the vehicle , which has been funded between the police and city council , will lead to hardened crooks being caught .
They said : `` The technology automatically reads a number plate and then automatically flags anything up if they 're wanted for offences , are a person of interest , or somebody who we want to build an intelligence picture about .
`` It 'll be used in areas across Derby East and Derby West which pose the greatest risk and threat . I 'm really looking forward for the teams to be able to get out there and use it . It works with cameras across the city and will alert the officers in that vehicle if the cameras have picked up a registration plate .
`` It will be able to inform them of the location and they can act . This is a warning that any criminal who wants to use the road can be prepared to answer for the offences they have committed . The community should be assured as well . Officers will be on dedicated active patrols . I think this will be a big success . ''
Inspector Hunt said the cameras will be coming after all criminals , but especially perverts exploiting children , human traffickers , burglaries and robbers .
They said : `` Our officers are looking forward to being able to use this technology . I 'm confident it will lead to serious criminals being taken off the streets and held accountable for their actions .
`` The equipment will be used every day between those areas which include Allenton , Alvaston , Sinfin , Normanton , Littleover and Pear Tree .
`` We 've very grateful to local councillors who have part funded the equipment . We work hard with them to safeguarding members of the public and this is an important part of that . ''
We 've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you 're interested in .
To download the IOS app click here .
To download the Android app click here .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Judges of the Pride of Birmingham awards , which take place on Thursday , will make a special award for the military medics who save heroes ' lives right here in the city . Alison Stacey reports .
Just hours after their life was blown apart by a roadside bomb in Afghanistan , Lance Corporal John James Chalmers was being flown to Birmingham for life-saving treatment .
The soldier , then aged 26 , remembers the ‘ sheer agony ' as their friend wrapped them in bandages and they were flown for emergency surgery at Camp Bastion after the blast in May 2011 .
The Royal Marine reservist had lost two fingers , had their right arm destroyed and suffered injuries to their face and legs in an explosion that killed two of their comrades .
As they underwent the first of more than 30 operations in the war zone , back home at the Royal Centre of Defence Medicine – based at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital – another team of medics was planning to treat them from the moment they arrived .
( Photo : Chris Jackson/Getty Images for Invictus )
Ten days later John James , known as JJ , finally woke up in Birmingham where they would receive pioneering treatment including having their own arm sewn to their stomach for six weeks to save it .
In all , JJ spent eight weeks at the QE before being transferred to the military rehabilitation centre Headley Court in Surrey .
“ I owe my life to thousands of people , ” says JJ , who presented the 2016 Paralympic Games in Rio on Channel 4 .
“ From the medics who put me back together – the physios who showed me what my body would be capable of – to the little old lady in Dundee who baked a cake to help raise money for Headley Court to take care of me . ”
JJ 's incredible story of courage and recovery is one of thousands of soldiers and civilians who have been treated at the RCDM .
( Photo : Phil Harris )
They include bronze medallist Dave Henson , who lost both their legs in February 2011 after they stood on an IED in Helmand province , and Pakistani schoolgirl Malala Yousafsai , who was shot in the head by the Taliban as they campaigned for education for women .
The unique centre , which will be honoured with a special Pride of Birmingham award on Thursday , is integrated in the Queen Elizabeth Hospital . Military and NHS medics work alongside each other to treat casualties from conflict .
Often , patients will be flown into the hospital with injuries never seen before , and the team must think on their feet to take the best course of treatment .
Over the years they have pioneered new techniques and treatments for patients with bomb blast injuries that are now widely used across the NHS .
Professor Sir Keith Porter , clinical lead for major trauma at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital , explains that skills developed in the life-or-death moments in the aftermath of an attack can lead to new treatments used for generations .
( Photo : Drew Angerer/Getty Images )
“ The munitions have got more complex and the Taliban are much more effective in injuring people , ” they explain . “ In August 2010 , we would have wounded soldiers landing night after night .
“ The injuries we 've been managing are not in medical text books . They would be stabilised , but by the time they got back here they would be sicker , because that is the nature of blast injuries . A bit of muscle that was fine back there has now died .
“ You may have four or five specialities operating on the patient in theatre at the same time . ”
They list a number of techniques the team have developed including haemostatic dressings to stop bleeding ; MERIT teams by air ambulance crews ; aggressive resuscitation for patients with uncontrolled bleeding , and surgical techniques for blast and gunshot wounds .
No sooner has a patient woken up from surgery , their rehabilitation programme starts and they will be given exercises to do in their hospital bed .
Often , they can spend weeks on a ward before they are well enough to be transferred to the rehabilitation residence at Headley Court .
( Photo : Daily Mirror )
But early intervention is key to getting a patient to their optimum recovery .
“ Within a couple of days a consultant will be talking to the family and explaining that within 10 or 11 weeks we will be aiming to have them up and walking again , ” says Sir Keith .
“ Physiotherapy and rehab starts at the bedside . We have a very positive attitude to what can be very devastating injuries . ”
Lieutenant Clare Dutton , officer in charge of the clinical division , says : “ I remember patients at Selly Oak Hospital who would be doing sit-ups in the bed , and asking for extra food because they wanted to be well-nourished and have energy .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Share this video Watch Next
“ You see the patient when they 're in the worse possible state , and you manage to get them to a state of recovery where they are able to leave the hospital . Then they 'll come back months later for further surgery , or other treatment , and you 'll see this remarkable change .
“ To know that you 've played a part in that is hugely rewarding . It 's these journeys that bonds us all together . ”
Centre prepares for war at home
( Photo : Birmingham Post and Mail )
Sir Keith has also been working with the Government to train the public and other hospitals in what to do if there is a terrorist attack on home soil .
“ Messages learned in Afghanistan have been translated here and are collectively used by our surgeons and all our specialities here , ” they explain .
“ Much of what we 've learned is now being translated into civilian practice so the whole nation can benefit from this skill advancement . ”
Even in times of peace , the centre continues to treat military patients who have been injured in training or exercise , and civilians who need emergency trauma care .
“ We 're still seeing the type of injuries you can get from a blast , although it could be from a road traffic accident or being crushed , ” says Wing Commander Mark Dray , Chief of Staff at the RCDM .
“ We 're applying the same lessons from conflict , and applying them to patients in peacetime .
“ We 're getting ski injuries , trauma injuries from parachuting , mountain biking etcetera , and because we are not fighting a conflict at the moment , the amount of training is being ramped up .
“ The challenge now is to maintain the level of care that we have provided in the last conflict . ”
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
( Photo : Birmingham Mail )
The Pride of Birmingham Awards , now in their fourth year , are organised by the Birmingham Mail in partnership with TSB and recognise courage , caring , compassion and community .
Judges decided to create the Judges Special Award because they wanted to honour everyone on the team , and supporters such as Help For Heroes .
Sir Keith , who was knighted in 2011 for their pioneering trauma work , says they are proud the whole team is being honoured by the award .
“ I 've always said that the team here is like a jigsaw puzzle , ” they say . “ Whether it be the surgeon , the cleaner , or the physiotherapist , everyone plays their part .
“ There are many pieces that make this work . When I was given the knighthood , it was my picture on the jigsaw puzzle .
“ Now , we are getting a definitive recognition of all members of the team , which is something that sits comfortably with me , and something that I am very proud of . ”
Leuitenant Clare Dutton adds : “ It 's a team effort , and the award makes us feel part of the Birmingham community and part of the city .
Joshua Fancher after being sworn in as an Orange City police officer on Dec. 21 . Orange City Police Department via Facebook
VIRAC , Caranduanes ( Bicol Standard ) Alleged members of the New People 's Army ( NPA ) have staged another ambush which resulted to the dea ...
LAKE BUENA VISTA , Fla. ( AP ) — Jack Morris always prided themselves on being a tough guy when they pitched , a big-game winner who would n't break down .
So guess what happened when the newly elected Hall of Famer spoke in front of George Brett , Robin Yount and a couple of their Cooperstown pals ?
They lost it .
Morris choked up several times Monday , often pausing to catch themselves as they and former Detroit Tigers teammate Alan Trammell were formally introduced a day after they were elevated forever .
“ I was a wreck , ” they said .
A Hall of a moment it was , during a news conference at the baseball winter meetings .
“ I 'm overwhelmed . I 'm grateful . I 'm honored and very humbled , ” Morris said . “ I want to share it . ”
Morris and Trammell were elected by the 16-man Modern Era Committee , which considered candidates whose biggest contributions came from 1970-87 . Brett and Yount were on the panel , along with fellow Hall of Famers Rod Carew , Dennis Eckersley , Dave Winfield , Don Sutton , Bobby Cox and John Schuerholz .
The former Detroit stars made their major league debuts in 1977 , played with the Tigers for 13 years and now will be enshrined together on July 29 .
They got a head start on the festivities by putting on Hall of Fame jerseys for photographers .
“ How does it look , buddy ? ” Trammell asked .
“ Makes you look good , ” Morris answered .
Morris earned 254 wins and was best known for throwing a 10-inning shutout in Game 7 of the 1991 World Series , pitching Minnesota past Atlanta .
Trammell was a six-time All-Star and four-time Gold Glover at shortstop , hitting .285 while scoring more than 1,000 runs and driving in more than 1,000 .
“ I 'm going to be honest . I feel a little bit out of place . The Hall of Fame , that 's got a great ring to it , ” they said . “ But when I hear ‘ Alan Trammell , Hall of Fame , ' it has n't resonated yet . And I 'm just speaking from the heart . ”
Morris and Trammell both fell short during their 15 years of eligibility in Hall voting by members of the Baseball Writers ' Association of America .
“ I came very close , ” Morris said . “ Tram was behind , in my opinion , where they should have been . But the process did n't work for us for a lot of reasons .
“ You want all the writers to know that I 'm not mad at any of you . … I respect everybody for whatever they thought . Now that I 'm in , I do n't have to worry about that anymore , ” they said , drawing laughs .
Morris figures it will be a bit more emotional when it comes time for their induction speech in Cooperstown , where a throng of Detroit fans is expected to fill the upstate New York shrine .
“ I might not make it through . I 'm going to do my best . I 'm going to remember ‘ The King 's Speech ' and see if I can work on it , ” they said . “ I hope I can represent the people that have supported me well . I 'll do my best . ”
( © Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
President Muhammadu Buhari has been urged to give equal attention to states in the South East and South South geopolitical zones as they do to other states .
Former Governor of Abia State , Dr Orji Uzor Kalu who made the call , also urged the Federal Government to strengthen the institutions saddled with the responsibility of maintaining law and order , adding that no meaningful development can take place in an atmosphere of disorder and chaos .
Kalu who maintained that fairness and justice is key in promoting a decent society , pointed out that the hope of the common man is the judiciary , noting that nobody should be above the law .
The business person cum politician made the call on Sunday at the residence of Chief Goddy Imo in Ohafia , Abia state .
“ Without equal opportunities extended to Nigerians regardless of tribal , religious , political and economic differences , it will be difficult to achieve our collective dream of a better Nigeria .
“ Ndigbo are not asking for much . They are only seeking for fair and equal opportunities as accorded to other tribes .
“ To achieve a united country , no one should be exempted from development . All states especially South East and South South ought to be given equal share and opportunity of development . When equal attention is given to every state , it will facilitate development and peaceful cohesion among all , ” they stated
The former governor also reiterated their stand on peaceful co-existence among all tribes , adding that it will be more beneficial for Nigerian states to grow as one .
Kalu equally called on Nigerians to sustain their support for the President Buhari led administration , pointing out that the country 's lost glory will soon be restored .
According to him , “ those capitalizing on the President 's health to criticise them are ignorant . Anybody can fall sick . The president has been doing well especially in the area of security . They only need to fine-tune their economic policies for a turn around . ”
Nigerians are not asking for much , they are only asking for food on their table , good health care and security of life and property among other basic necessities . ” They said
The post Kalu advocates even development across Nigeria appeared first on Vanguard News .
For Baker Mayfield , you ca n't put a price tag on due diligence .
During the latest episode of the docu-series “ Behind Baker , ” the Oklahoma quarterback detailed a conversation they had with Brett Favre 's longtime agent , Bus Cook , who has secured over $ 1 billion in NFL contracts .
“ Bus Cook , Brett Favre 's agent , great story . Every agent does the same thing , they give their résumé , what they 're about , all this stuff , ” Mayfield said , via DieHards.com . “ Finally , when they were about to give me a chance to talk , they asked , ‘ So , when did [ former head coach ] Bob Stoops start recruiting you ? ' And I said ‘ Excuse me ? ' and then they repeated the question . ”
Mayfield , 23 , first walked-on as a first-year student at Texas Tech ahead of the 2013 season . Mayfield transferred to Oklahoma after the season , and Stoops confirmed Mayfield would walk-on for the Sooners . Mayfield would not be eligible to play until the 2015 season , as a result of a failed appeal fighting Big 12 Conference transfer rules . They were named the Sooners ' starting quarterback in August 2015 .
“ I just said , ‘ I got ta go ' and then I hung up , ” Mayfield recalled . “ It 's like , if you 're going to pursue a guy and say that you want them and you want to be that guy that 's going to be there for him , why not do your research ? ”
The 2017 Heisman Trophy winner is expected to be one of the top selections in Thursday 's draft . They are represented by Capital Sports Advisors , which is based in Boulder , Colo .
As for Cook , despite missing out on Mayfield , they still count Cam Newton , Jadeveon Clowney and Myles Garrett as clients .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Hundreds of Metro children will spend the next nine weeks with teachers and volunteers helping them retain the information they learned this past school year .
The Atomic Blast Summer Enrichment program , in partnership with Kansas City Public Schools , is designed to work students physically and mentally at a time when boredom can offset the learning a child made while in school .
Experts believe a child can lose 2.6 months of grade-level equivalency in computation skills over the summer . Teachers and volunteers will spend the summer helping students with math and science based classes as well as physical activity to make sure their summer is n't being wasted .
The camp accommodates children from 5 to 18 . Older students even have opportunities to practice job interviews and visit colleges .
The program runs through July 27th . For more information about the Atomic Blast Summer Enrichment program click or tap here .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A speeding driver who died along with five others after they lost control of their Audi at 100mph had cannabis in their system , an inquest has heard .
Kasir Jehangir lost control of the Audi as they were trying to negotiate a bend between Lee Bank Middleway and Belgrave Middleway .
Birmingham Coroner 's Court heard the taxi then collided with a Toyota Yaris , while six other vehicles were involved in the December 17 tragedy , which happened just after 1am .
Taxi driver Imtiaz Mohammed , 33 , was killed alongside passengers Lucy Davis , 43 , and their partner Lee Jenkins , 42 .
Four of the occupants of the Audi S3 were ejected from the vehicle , two from the boot and two via the sun roof , an inquest heard .
Mohammed Fahsha , 30 , Mr Jehangir , 25 , and Tauqeer Hussain , 26 , who were in the Audi , died at the scene .
Mr Zakkria Khan , who was also a passenger in the Audi S3 vehicle , was the only survivor .
Following a hearing over two days , Coroner Louise Hunt recorded that all six died as a result of a road traffic collision .
Zakkria Khan told the hearing they had been picked up on the night and that they and the others had gone to get some food , play some snooker and drive around .
( Image : PA )
They said their last memory of that night was being in Haybarnes Road .
This is what the only survivor said
When quizzed about drugs by the coroner , they said there had been a pre-rolled cannabis cigarette in the vehicle , but denied they had been dealing in drugs or driving fast .
They said they did not remember whether Mr Jehangir took any drugs and that money , that was later found on him , was “ just for myself . ”
What the driver behind the taxi saw
Nahome Tekle , the Yaris driver , said they had been coming from Kings Heath and had been driving at about 38mph as they approached Lee Bank Middleway and was aware of the taxi to their right which blocked their view of the Audi .
They told the inquest : “ My wife shouted my name but the taxi was blocking my view . As they shouted there was a huge collision . I never saw the Audi . ”
What the first officer on the scene said
PC Keith Evans , the first officer on the scene , also gave evidence at the inquest .
They said : “ As I approached the junction I stopped at the lights and I was aware of a loud bang . There was some smoke , steam and dust coming from the impact in the underpass .
“ I saw that there had been a serious collision and both lanes were completely blocked .
“ I was immediately aware that there were two people trapped in the taxi . I could see the legs of one person and the head and arm of another .
“ I looked for signs of life . There was a lady and I tried for a pulse but there was no reaction . ”
The officer said they saw three others on the carriageway who had suffered “ catastrophic ” injuries . ”
Frantic search for baby
The inquest heard that at one point there had been a frantic search for a baby amongst the wreckage after a baby 's bottle was found .
What happened
Police Constable Adam Green , a Forensic Collision Investigator , also gave evidence .
They told the inquest that the Audi had been trying to negotiate a shallow left hand bend when the driver lost control .
They had then tried to over correct before sliding into the opposite carriage way and into the path of the taxi .
They said at the point of impact the Audi had been travelling at 87mph and that Mr Fahsha was the front seat passenger , Mr Hussain was Behind him , while Mr Khan was behind the driver , Mr Jehangir - whose NatWest bank cards were found on the seat of the vehicle .
None of them , they said had been wearing seat belts and that the Audi had struck the central reservation twice , which could have slowed it down .
The Audi driver
During the inquest , Coroner Louise Hunt told the inquest that “ On the balance of probabilities , Kasar Jehangir was the driver of the vehicle ” .
They added : “ That 's based on the fact of their final resting position , consistent with them being in the driving seat .
“ His bank cards were found on the seat , they were insured to drive the vehicle , and Mr Khan indicated that 's where they are . ”
Drugs
Police Constable Adam Green told the inquest : “ The occupants of the Audi had all smoked cannabis at some time prior to their deaths . ”
They said the fact that Mr Jehangir had smoked cannabis before the accident could have contributed to the manner of their driving .
PC Green said they were aware that the taxi driver had previously taken a small amount of cocaine , but said that they and the driver of the Toyota only had about a second to react before the collision occurred and said “ I do not believe they could have taken reasonable avoiding action . ”
Giving evidence at the hearing , Police Sergeant Alan Hands said CCTV had been used to trace the movements of the Audi , which had gone down Broad Street , and in a bid to try and identify who had been sitting where in the car .
They said bags of herbal cannabis had been found both in the Audi and outside on the road and that Mr Jehangir had been found to have £1,000 on him .
They said that there were “ reasonable ground for suspicion ” prior to the collision that offences under the Misuse of Drugs Act had been committed .
The cause of the collision
Coroner Louise Hunt who described what happened as a “ terrible tragedy ” .
They said : “ The fundamental cause of this collision was driving at excessive speed of between 94 and 100mph through a shallow left hand bend on a road with a 40mph speed limit with defective tyres and was contributed to by driving under the influence of cannabis . ”
Taxi driver
The coroner said they were concerned about Mr Mohammed 's toxicology and would be writing to Birmingham City Council to see what monitoring could be done on taxi drivers in the future .
Tributes
Tributes were paid to all those who died including Mr Jenkins , a nuclear scientist from Harborne , who had a passion for music and was described as a “ clinical scientist by day and a rock and roll star by night ” while their partner , Miss Davis , a deaf sign interpreter , from Kingstanding was described as a “ fun loving adventurous mom ” by their daughter .
The sister of Mr Mohammed , a father of six , said they had “ big ambitions and dreams ” and “ would always go the extra mile for passengers who loved him . ”
Mohammed Fahsha 's brother said that they were “ likeable and outgoing ” and that they excelled in cricket and football .
The family of Taqueer Hussain said : “ Tauqeer will always be remembered for their kindness loyalty and all the silly things they did as part of their personality that made us laugh . They were what a brother should be annoying but there when you needed him . They stepped up when it came to being there putting others needs before their own .
“ His memories have left us with the best part of him ; which are giving , family , & being there for one another . ”
The Grammys were held this past weekend in NYC and celebrities gathered for this amazing event . According to TMZ , Quavo of Migos allegedly got into a little trouble after the award show . Reports state that they beat up Eric the Jeweler .
Follow @ TheRSMS
A report from the NYPD claims that Eric and Migos were partying at 1Oak and the two began to smack talk over money . Quavo allegedly owes the famous jeweler money and that 's why it turned physical . Eric mentioned to the cops that Quavo was n't the only person that was hitting him .
Witnesses say that it was n't Offset or Takeoff , but two other unknown men . Eric left the club and had injuries to the face . Their $ 30,000 chain was also missing after the fight . Eric filed a robbery report and officers now want to talk to other members of the group . We will keep you updated on this story .
RELATED : Quavo Creates “ Culture National Anthem ” [ NEW MUSIC ]
RELATED : Quavo And Nicki Minaj Give Us Romance In “ She For Keeps ” Video [ VIDEO ]
RELATED : Quavo Gives A Valuable Piece Of Advice To Georgia Bulldogs [ VIDEO ]
The Latest :
( WSVN ) - Twenty-one years ago , their mother bought a bank certificate of deposit ( CD ) for both of them . It was put away and forgotten until a few days ago . But now the bank is saying they have no record of the CD . Before giving up , the South Florida woman made a call to Help Me Howard with Patrick Fraser .
When Dianne looks at the pictures…
Dianne Robbiano , searching for their money : “ She was really something , my mom . ”
The memories of their mother come pouring out .
Dianne Robbiano : “ Momma was the best . You can ask everybody . Those pictures show they were such an awesome woman . Everybody loved her . ”
After their mother Alice passed away a year ago , Dianne started sorting through their treasures .
Dianne Robbiano : “ I found a letter that my brothers wrote , their letters . I got to read them . A love letter from my dad . And then I found the CD , and I was like , ‘ Aww , I got some money here . ' ”
It was back in 1995 that Dianne and their mother had bought a $ 1,000 certificate of deposit in both their names .
Dianne Robbiano : “ Momma comes up to me one day and says she 's got some extra money . They wanted to put it in the bank . I said , ‘ OK . ' ”
For 21 years , Dianne had forgotten about the old CD they had bought at First Union , which became Wachovia and then became Wells Fargo , so they headed there and found out there was no record of their 21-year CD .
Dianne Robbiano : “ Other people called me and said , ‘ We can only go back seven years , ' and I 'm like , ‘ OK , that does n't make sense . ' So I go back to the bank . I went back to the bank several times . ”
After they got frustrated , Dianne 's husband went to the bank . They kept trying to find a record of the CD , and then delivered the final word .
Dianne Robbiano : “ And they told him , ‘ Well , you 're out of luck . ' The money 's like thrown away . It does n't make sense , 'cause it was never cashed . ”
With interest , that $ 1,000 could now be worth around $ 2,000 , but the money is not the only reason Dianne is refusing to give up . It 's for them mother .
Dianne Robbiano : “ I just fought for them because they did this for me , out of love for me . This is why I knew they would want me to fight this . ”
Well , Howard , it 's been 21 years , a couple of bank mergers , but the CD does n't appear to have been cashed , so legally , can a bank say , “ Sorry , it 's gone ? ”
Howard Finkelstein , 7News legal expert : “ No . They can not refuse to pay unless they can prove it was cashed . If they have no record of that , because Dianne has physical possession of the CD and will testify that they did n't cash it , the bank has to pay them the original $ 1,000 plus any interest that accumulated since 1995 . ”
We contacted Wells Fargo . They were very nice and said they would investigate , but could n't reveal any information with us to protect Dianne 's privacy . So let them pick up the story…
Dianne Robbiano : “ Offered $ 500 . ”
Dianne said no .
Dianne Robbiano : “ Then they told me they got me $ 1,000 . ”
Dianne said , “ What about the interest ? ”
Dianne Robbiano : “ And Monday they called and said that they would give me $ 2,000 . I 'm happy they came back and resolved it with that amount . ”
Dianne is happy , even happier that they know their mother would be proud of them for not giving up .
Dianne Robbiano : “ I just ca n't thank you enough . You are the best . I am overwhelmed , overwhelmed . ”
Patrick Fraser : “ You are sweet . Thank you . ”
Now , what if you find an old CD that 's in a late relative 's name ? You might be able to cash it . How do you do that ?
The steps to take are under this Help Me Howard story . Good luck .
Someone deposited a problem with you ? No one have any interest in helping you ? Then contact us . You can bank on us trying to withdraw you from the situation .
For information on how to recover old CDs or bank accounts , click here .
CONTACT HELP ME HOWARD :
Email : helpmehoward @ wsvn.com
Reporter : Patrick Fraser at pfraser @ wsvn.com
Miami-Dade : 305-953-WSVN
Broward : 954-761-WSVN
On Twitter : @ helpmehoward7
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
INDIANAPOLIS – The second time was a charm Tuesday when the Indiana House voted 53-40 to pass a bill barring local communities from banning short-term rentals like Airbnb .
Last week , House Bill 1131 did n't get enough votes to pass or fail .
Rep. Matt Lehman , R-Berne , asked their colleagues to keep the bill moving so it can be worked on in the Senate .
“ This is a property rights issue , ” they said , saying cities and towns should n't be able to bar people from renting out their homes .
But several legislators said neighbors should know who they are living by and advocated local control of the issue .
“ You ca n't have 15 junk cars in your front yard with an old rusty refrigerator , ” said Rep. Scott Pelath , D-Michigan City , who said local units of government already control personal property rights .
Many of the examples are simply renting out places during the Indianapolis 500 or other specific events . But some homeowners are renting them out year-round and do n't live there at all .
“ Basically you have a hotel running next to you with an absentee owner , ” said Rep. Matt Pierce , D-Bloomington .
Rep. Kevin Mahan , R-Hartford City , said Lehman is a man of their word and will put the bill in the right form to make people happy or kill it .
Airbnb Midwest Policy Director Laura Spanjian applauded the vote .
“ Indiana is emerging as a national model for economically empowering its people and supporting family-friendly tourism , ” they said . “ We want to thank the state representatives who came out in support of the rights of their constituents to share their own homes . ”
Area lawmakers in support are Rep. Martin Carbaugh , R-Fort Wayne ; Rep. Dave Heine , R-New Haven ; Rep. Chris Judy , R-Fort Wayne ; Rep. Matt Lehman , R-Berne ; Rep. Bob Morris , R-Fort Wayne ; Rep. Dave Ober , R-Albion ; Rep. Dave Wolkins , R-Warsaw ; Rep. Ben Smaltz , R-Auburn ; and Rep. Dennis Zent , R-Auburn .
Those opposed are Rep. Phil GiaQuinta , D-Fort Wayne ; Rep. Dan Leonard , R-Huntington ; and Rep. Curt Nisly , R-Goshen .
Senate clears county health
The Indiana Senate unanimously approved legislation Tuesday giving the Allen County commissioners appointment authority for the entire Fort Wayne-Allen County Board of Health .
Current law gives three appointments to the Fort Wayne mayor and four to the commissioners . But the county funds the entire budget . The city does not object to the bill .
Senate Bill 263 , authored by Sen. Liz Brown , R-Fort Wayne , now moves to the House .
Senate overrides 2 vetoes
The Senate on Tuesday overrode two vetoes from last session , meaning those laws are now in effect .
The House had acted last week .
In Indiana , to override a governor 's veto it takes just a simple majority , the same it took to pass the bill in the first place . Then-Gov . Mike Pence vetoed both measures last year .
The first was House Enrolled Act 1022 , which some said would have limited public access to police records at private colleges and universities in Indiana .
It requires those universities ' police departments , such as the University of Notre Dame , to release records in cases that involve arrests and incarcerations but not in cases that involve accidents , complaints and suspected crimes without arrests .
Pence felt the bill did n't provide enough transparency and vetoed it .
But a few months later , the Indiana Supreme Court ruled that the Notre Dame Security Police is not a law enforcement agency and is not required to comply with requests for public records .
That ruling meant no records of these departments were public . The once-vetoed law now actually provides more transparency than under the court ruling .
The second was House Enrolled Act 1082 , which prevents state environmental standards from being stricter than federal requirements .
The measure stops IDEM from setting any standards more stringent than federal rules until the end of the next legislative session . That would give lawmakers an opportunity to review any new , stricter rule .
But it came at a time when the Flint , Michigan , water crisis was in the headlines and there were concerns the bill might hamper the executive branch 's ability to react to issues .
But lawmakers said Tuesday it already provides an emergency clause .
Superintendent bill advances
The House Education Committee approved legislation Tuesday to make the superintendent of public instruction an appointed post .
Voters currently elect that person every four years .
The law would not go into effect until 2021 , allowing Superintendent of Public Instruction Jennifer McCormick to finish their term .
GOP House Speaker Brian Bosma said the governor is chief executive of the state and should have a Cabinet member aligned with their beliefs on education .
“ It 's my heartfelt belief for 32 years that this is good public policy , ” they said .
Only 13 states still elect their schools chief . Other states either have the governor or the state board of education appoint the person .
A similar bill is moving in the Senate .
One interesting part of House Bill 1005 is that it removes a requirement in law that the superintendent of public instruction have lived in Indiana for at least two years . This would allow for a national search for the post , one supporter said .
But retired teacher Vic Smith said Indiana 's state schools chief should know Indiana 's schools from personal experience . They also said an elected post provides checks and balances .
“ It will reduce the power of voters in Indiana , ” Smith said .
The bill now moves to the full House .
nkelly @ jg.net
UNALAKLEET , Alaska ( AP ) – The bodies of two fishermen missing from a western Alaska village have been recovered .
Searchers Tuesday found the bodies of 55-year-old Peter Nanouk and 35-year-old Justin Nanouk of Unalakleet near the mouth of the Golsovia River about 20 miles south of the village .
Troopers in Nome on Sunday night received a report that the men were overdue on a fishing trip to Klikitarik .
Searchers from Saint Michael could not find the men Monday .
Volunteers in boats searched Tuesday and found Peter Nanouk 's boat swamped . Searchers a short time later spotted the bodies on the ocean beach near the river .
The state medical examiner will conduct autopsies .
WILKES-BARRE , Pa. ( AP ) — The owner of a vegan food truck says they regret a Facebook post in which they appeared to dismiss the deaths of “ meat eaters ” in the Las Vegas massacre .
Delinda Jensen , 60 , of Wilkes-Barre , said she 's received death threats and had to shut down their business after their post Monday night started going viral , sparking intense backlash both online and off .
Jensen wrote : “ Yes I am jaded . Fifty nine meat eaters dead . How many animals will live because of this ? ” In a second comment , they used an expletive to say they did n't care about “ carnists . ”
A gunman killed 58 people at a country music concert Sunday night , then killed themselves as police closed in .
Jensen , a former adjunct history professor , called their post “ a moment of stupidity ” and apologized for it in an interview with the Times Leader newspaper in Wilkes-Barre .
“ Was it poorly written ? Absolutely . Do I regret it ? Yes . I am so sorry I wrote that , ” they said Thursday . “ Meat eaters or not , no one deserves to die like that . I was n't celebrating the death of those people . ”
Jensen said they became a vegan two years ago and started the Mother Nature Vegan Cuisine food truck with their son . They said they were trying to make the point that they believe animals are tortured and killed unnecessarily for their meat .
Jensen has since deactivated their Facebook account , hidden their food truck and canceled their bookings , and installed a security camera at their home . Them son said people have driven by their home , shouting threats and obscenities , and they have called police several times out of fear for their safety .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
, 32 , was one of the peaceful protesters against the white supremacy rally in Charlottesville , Virginia . Sadly , on August 12 , 2017 , they were killed by a Nazi who drove their car into a crowd . Nineteen people were injured and Heyer was pronounced dead at the nearby University of Virginia Hospital . Two Virginia state troopers responding to the day 's events were also killed on Saturday when their helicopter crashed .
The paralegal was celebrating the rally 's cancellation when the attack occurred . On Sunday , police arrested the driver of the car , James A . Fields , Jr. , 20 , and charged them with second-degree murder . Just like most Americans ( with sense ) celebs were outraged by Heyer 's unfortunate death . See below :
Rest In Peace baby girl . You passed a TRUE HERO . # HeatherHeyer https : //t.co/7z4vMSU0mF — Janelle Monáe , Cindi ( @ JanelleMonae ) August 13 , 2017
My heart breaks for Heather Heyer , murdered for standing up for love . Hatred can not smother them flame . We will love harder in their name . RIP — olivia wilde ( @ oliviawilde ) August 13 , 2017
Our condolences go out to the family of Heather Heyer who was killed by a terrorist as they protested Neo-Nazism and white supremacy . — Bernie Sanders ( @ BernieSanders ) August 13 , 2017
# HeatherHeyer was an ally and deserves to be mourned and celebrated as such . `` if you 're not… https : //t.co/DwqiAzXHlD — Killer Mike ( @ KillerMike ) August 13 , 2017
Heather Heyer was a committed activist . They used their life for political gain ; I suspect they would have wanted the same for their death . https : //t.co/AV9NpEFXyP — Michael Ian Black ( @ michaelianblack ) August 14 , 2017
# HeatherHeyer part of tragic but important history of white allies who lost lives while standing w/ black activists for justice & equality . pic.twitter.com/yFPG9Vq6ey — Bree Newsome ( @ BreeNewsome ) August 14 , 2017
Heather Heyer , 32-years-old , was the victim of white supremacist violence yesterday in Charlottesville . Rest In Peace . pic.twitter.com/MEeAgbQQww — Kamala Harris ( @ KamalaHarris ) August 13 , 2017
That little baby grew up believing in goodness and justice and standing up to hate . Heather Heyer . Say their name . pic.twitter.com/82noPD35uU — George Wallace ( @ MrGeorgeWallace ) August 13 , 2017
Mother of Charlottesville victim Heather Heyer : ' I 'm proud of what they did ' https : //t.co/6cBdQACdik # via @ HuffPostPol — Alyssa Milano ( @ Alyssa_Milano ) August 13 , 2017
Heather Heyer . An American martyr . A hero . My hero . Last words on FB `` If you 're not outraged , you 're not paying attention . '' 2017. pic.twitter.com/cQU0ljZLhG — Shaun King ( @ ShaunKing ) August 13 , 2017
White supremacist # JamesAlexFields murdered # HeatherHeyer and injured 35 others . They are a home-grown terrorist . Call it what it is . — yvette nicole brown ( @ YNB ) August 13 , 2017
Heyer 's family and friends started a GoFund Me Page for the slain hero that explained they “ was murdered while protesting hate . ”
Our thoughts and prayers are with the Heyer family at this time .
Royal Bank of Scotland to launch direct lending service
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
INDIANAPOLIS — Dr. Henry Bock , a pioneering doctor in racing and a key player in creating the SAFER barrier , has died . They were 81 .
Indianapolis Motor Speedway officials made the announcement after confirming the death with their caregiver , who was working directly with the family .
Bock served as the track 's senior director of medical services from 1982-2006 . They held the same title with the IndyCar Series from 1996-2006 and continued working as a consultant for both after retiring .
Though they developed new treatments for drivers , Bock may be best known for working on the SAFER barriers that have become a staple at American tracks .
CTV Vancouver
A Liberal MLA that was the first Japanese-Canadian to be elected to B.C . 's Legislative Assembly says they were the target of hateful graffiti , and claims it 's just one of dozens of recent incidents .
Naomi Yamamoto , B.C . Minister of State for Emergency Preparedness and the candidate for North Vancouver-Lonsdale , sent out a photo of a sign defaced with a swastika .
The caption simply read : `` This is not my B.C . ''
Yamamoto says more than 30 of their signs have been smashed or vandalized since the beginning of the campaign , which kicked off last week .
According to their biography on the Legislative Assembly of B.C. , the two-term MLA was the first Japanese Canadian elected to the Legislative Assembly , and they are the daughter of a parent interned at Lemon Creek , B.C. , during the Second World War .
A number of other candidates from other parties have reached out to condemn the messages , including North Vancouver BC Green Party candidate Joshua Johnson .
`` Regardless of political views , this extremely offensive display is completely unacceptable , '' Johnson said on social media .
`` Greens stand against it too . ''
By Emma Culp , Staff Writer — If you 're looking for a psychological thriller with a crazy twist , head over to your local theater and see the new movie “ Split . ”
This film was recently released on Jan. 20 , 2017 and stars James McAvoy , Anya Taylor-Joy , and Betty Buckley . “ Split ” is the story of Kevin Wendell Crumb ( James McAvoy ) who is the victim of severe childhood abuse , causing them to have an extensive identity disorder .
Kevin inhabits 23 different personalities , and one of their personalities , Dennis , is compelled to kidnap 3 teenage girls from a parking lot and hold them captive in a cellar .
The three girls , Claire ( Hailey Lu Richardson ) , Marcia ( Jessica Sula ) , and Casey ( Anya Taylor-Joy ) are faced with the challenge of escaping captivity by communicating with all of Kevin 's different personalities to figure out how to outsmart him .
Betty Buckley stars as Dr. Karen Fletcher , Kevin 's psychiatrist who has been treating them for their disorder . They become alarmed when they notice some unusual behavior and becomes suspicious that Kevin may be the one responsible for the kidnapping . They too become one of Dennis ' victims and has to attempt to call Kevin into the light with their psychiatric knowledge before “ The Beast , ” the 24th personality , gets the best of them
This highly intense and unpredictable thriller will keep you on the edge of your seat throughout the entire movie as if you too are fighting against “ The Beast. ” Do n't miss your opportunity to catch the one of a kind psychological thriller “ Split . ”
The Premier league 2 kicks off tonight with a local derby between Aston Villa and West Brom 's under-23s at Walsall 's Banks 's Stadium .
The two clubs played out a thrilling 3-3 draw the last time they met back in January and tonight 's encounter should be equally enjoyable .
Villa 's youth supremo Kevin MacDonald is likely to call upon young striking pair Rushian Hepburn-Murphy and Keinan Davis , unless they are included in the travelling party headed for Reading tomorrow . Callum O'Hare is unlikely to feature after their first team promotion .
West Brom impressed at times under the guidance of Jimmy Shan last season and several youngsters will be looking to follow in the footsteps of Sam Field , Jonathan Leko and Rekeem Harper in graduating to the first team this season .
The asupervisorstioned trio are unlikely to be involved for the Baggies but there are plenty of future Hawthorns hopefuls who will be .
Join Alex Dicken for live updates , analysis and reaction to tonight 's clash .
MONDAY , SEPT. 25 , 2017
9:00am CONVENE
PRESENT : Steve Baldwin , Chairman , Deb Ranum , Roy Rost , Members ; Peggy Paylor , Recording Clerk
FALLON COUNTY COURTHOUSE
PUBLIC COMMENT – AGENDA ITEMS
8:56am Jerrid Geving , joined the meeting .
Jerrid addressed their concerns of what they have been hearing in public .
Itemized the hours they have worked on the various events at the Fairgrounds and explained the situation with the Mutton Busting equipment that was lent to the Wibaux County Fair .
9:06am Joe Janz , Outside Maintenance joined the meeting .
Jerrid asked the Commission to be consistent in addressing policy with all Board Members .
9:07am Jerrid left the meeting .
Outside Maintenance asked permission to seek quotes for concrete work needed around the Courthouse and Museum . Commission approves .
9:08am Joe left the meeting .
MINUTES APPROVAL FOR WEEK OF SEPTEMBER 11-15 , 2017 .
Commissioner Ranum made the motion to approve the Commission Minutes for the week September 11-15 , 2017 with corrections . Commissioner Rost seconded the motion . Commissioner Baldwin asked for any other discussion . 3 Ayes . 0 Nay . The motion carried .
9:29am Jason Rittal , County Development Advisor joined the meeting .
DEPARTMENT UPDATES
Baker Lake Cleanup – All permits are in and the easement along Coral Creek Landfill has been received . The County Attorney will rework easement for verbiage .
Pre-construction meeting will be this week , Commissioner Baldwin will attend .
Dewatering discussion to occur with each phase of work and each contractor involved .
Discussion on fish habitat and EPA/Wetlands requirements and being proactive on establishing them .
Discussion on the beach area and how to work within the Permits and requirements .
Floodplain Permit came through for the Upper Lake .
Traverse can be fixed here in town instead of taking to Billings .
Pay estimates for Hail Damage repairs .
10:00am Julie Straub , HRM ; Brenda Wood , Clerk & Recorder ; Debbie Wyrick , Deputy Clerk & Recorder joined the meeting .
10:04am Jason left the meeting .
PERMISSION TO RECRUIT
Asking permission to recruit for a Recording Clerk , Commission Secretary . Commission approves .
10:07am Brenda , Julie , and Debbie left the meeting .
10:15am Bobby Wiedmer , Road Supervisor ; Alba Higgins , Shop Foreman , joined the meeting .
ROAD DEPT . UPDATES
Road Updates – Calumet Rd . was bladed last week . Discussion on various roads needing scoria . Discussion on Bus Stop signs on roads .
10:21am Shannon Hewson , Brosz Engineering , joined the meeting .
Shop Updates – Spoke with Travelers Ins . Regarding the Landfill Scraper , there is no need to replace the ROPS . Parts are in for the Landfill Dozer .
Started moving items around for the Auction .
Discussion followed on whether the whole shop was getting resided or only two sides . Commission states it should be the entire building , but asked the Shop Supervisor to check with the County Development Advisor .
Shop Supervisor will be attending a meeting October 18-20 in Rapid City , SD .
MACRS District Meeting is in Glendive , October 18 , would like to send 3-4 guys to it . Commission approves .
Tub Grinder is back together .
10:45am Alba left the meeting .
Project Updates
The bonds , contract , insurance , everything has been received from Western Municipal Construction .
Lake Easements have been coming in .
Brosz Engineering has e-mailed Fish Wildlife and Parks for final contours on the lake .
The pre-con meeting will be 10:30 am on 9/27 Wed. in the Courthouse Basement Conference Room .
In regards to the Box Culvert Project , there has been a concern at Lions Park that the sidewalk will be only 5 ' wide and the Parks Dept . will have to work on the irrigation system in order for water to reach all the lawn .
1st Street will have to have an ADA sidewalk ramp into the commercial building .
Discussion followed on the additional costs associated with unforeseen circumstances regarding the water main on 1st Street .
11:05am Shannon left the meeting .
BREAK
11:15am Staci Knuths and Philip Grieser , Mid-Rivers ; and Alba Higgins , Shop Supervisor , joined the meeting .
ROAD DEPT . PHONES
Staci explained what has been happening in the past 6 weeks and apologized for the delays . Discussion on options followed . Mid-Rivers will pull out 2 lines for no charge and after stopping by the shop last week , they now have a better understanding of the issue , all seems to be working fine now .
Commission Approves .
11:26am Staci , Philip and Alba left the meeting .
11:26am
COMMISSION WORK SESSION
Commission reviewed Journal Entries , Revenues , e-mails , misc . items , and signed the Budget Certification and appointment to Planning Board .
Commissioner Ranum advised they called Jim Wosepka , CPA and asked them how the Commission could know where the County Reserves are at each month . Commissioner Ranum wants a meeting with him , the Commission , Treasurer , County Development Advisor , and Clerk & Recorder in early October .
Commissioner Rost made a motion to accept Penny Benner as the Town of Plevna Representative to the Fallon County Planning Board . Commissioner Ranum seconded the motion . Commissioner Baldwin asked for any other discussion . 3 Ayes . 0 Nays . The motion carried unanimously .
12:02pm
NOON RECESS
Commissioner Rost made the motion to take a noon recess . Commissioner Ranum seconded the motion . Commissioner Baldwin asked for any other discussion . 3 Ayes . 0 Nays . The motion carried .
RECONVENE
PRESENT : Steve Baldwin , Chairman ; Deb Ranum , Roy Rost , Members ; Peggy Paylor , Recording Clerk
FALLON COUNTY COURTHOUSE
PUBLIC COMMENT – NON-AGENDA ITEMS
No one from the public appeared .
1:25pm Becky Croy joined the meeting .
SWIMMING POOL NEEDS
Discussed that in 3 years there will be no funds to operate the pool . The City/County has never had a financial obligation and at one time were told that if it ever got to be a problem , that the City/County would contribute financially . There is a need for another full-time person and a full-time janitor . Becky would like to know if the County could help with finances and left material for the Commission to review . Commissioner Baldwin stated that the County is focused on the Lake Project at present .
1:38pm Becky left the meeting .
1:39pm Mindi Murnion , Health Department ; Kimberly Jensen , Accounts Payable , joined the meeting .
AVALITY SUBSCRIPTION
Commission approves the use of the credit card for the subscription .
1:40pm Mindi and Kimberly left the meeting .
1:40pm Shannon Hewson , Brosz Engineering , joined the meeting .
Discussed a need to advertise and hold a public input meeting on the next phase of the Lake . The meeting will be Oct. 3 at 6 pm in the County Court Room .
Commissioner Ranum made a motion to award the Fencing Project bid to Rost & Mackay Fencing . Commissioner Baldwin stepped down from Chairman to second the motion . Commissioner Baldwin asked for any other discussion . 2 Ayes . 0 Nays . 1 Abstain . The motion carried .
1:49pm Shannon left the meeting .
1:55pm Brenda Hoeger , Dispatch ; Dustan Davis , IT/Computer Tech , joined the meeting .
CJIN & ZETRON TRAINING
Brenda is asking to send Dustan to Zetron ( 911 ) Training , the next training session is Nov. 14-17 , 2017 . Tuition will be waived and 911 would cover the cost of transportation and board . If the IT/Computer Tech is needed for a situation here , they have remote access . Commission approves .
Also need something from the Commissioners , in writing , stating that IT/Computer Tech can do the security work on CJIN computers .
2:03pm Brenda left the meeting .
ALERTUS SYSTEM
Presented information per the Commissioners request . This system would push a notification on the computer screen of designated machines . Discussed that the desktop solutions and panic buttons are about $ 4,000.00 . Discussion followed on how the system would work .
Commission would like IT/Computer Tech to investigate further .
2:20pm Dustan left the meeting .
2:25-2:45pm Eddie Coulter , Jerrid Geving , and Alyse Webber Fair Board Members ; Myra Wickstrom , Pat Ehret , Jessica Dinardi , Brenda Dietz , Robert Pfund , KFLN Radio ; Darcy Wassmann , County Attorney ; and Julie Straub , HRM , JoDee Pratt , City Mayor joined the meeting .
2:45pm
APPOINT FAIR BOARD MEMBERS
Commissioner Ranum asked for the option to appoint members one at a time .
Commissioner Ranum made a motion to appoint Rachel Brockel to the Fair Board . Commissioner Rost seconded the motion . Commissioner Baldwin asked for any other discussion . 2 Ayes . 1 Nays . The motion carried .
Commissioner Ranum made a motion to appoint Jerrid Geving to the Fair Board . Commissioner Baldwin seconded the motion . Commissioner Baldwin asked for any other discussion .
2:46pm Rachel Brockel joined the meeting .
Discussion on questionable conduct by this Board Member and the lack of disciplinary action . The Fair Board Members in attendance were approached and gave statements to the Commission , but are concerned the Commissioners are not supporting what the Fair Board is asking .
3:00pm Jerrid left the meeting .
Commissioner Rost made a motion to amend the main motion by striking Jerrid Geving and inserting Jeff Greenlee . Commissioner Baldwin asked for a second . The motion died .
After a lengthy discussion the Commission stated they would like to discuss further amongst themselves .
Commissioner Baldwin asked for any other discussions . 1 Ayes . 2 Nays . The motion did not carry .
The public asked when the appointment will happen . Commission will hold a special meeting later this week and give public notice .
3:14pm Eddie , Alyse , Myra , Pat , Jessica , Brenda , and Robert left the meeting .
3:15pm Brenda Wood , Clerk & Recorder joined the meeting ; Peggy Paylor , Recording Clerk left the meeting .
PUBLIC COMMUNICATION
3:15pm Commissioner Ranum asked to step out and make a phone call .
3:17pm Commissioner Ranum returned .
3:18pm Jerrid Geving joined the meeting .
The County Attorney and Human Resource Manager met with Commission to discuss public communications . Discussion was held on the Commission as a whole offering clarification on Commissioner Ranum 's previous response to Got ta Question .
3:30pm The County Attorney requested the Commission enter into Closed Session to discuss a separate legal issue .
3:32pm JoDee and Jerrid left the meeting .
Commissioner Rost made the motion to move into closed session . Commissioner Ranum seconded the motion . Commissioner Baldwin asked for any other discussions . 3 Ayes . 0 Nays . The motion carries .
3:55pm
Commissioner Rost made the motion to return to open session . Commissioner Ranum seconded the motion . Commissioner Baldwin asked for any other discussions . 3 Ayes . 0 Nays . The motion carries .
3:56pm
Commissioner Rost made a motion to continue the closed session on Thursday , September 28 , 2017 at 9:00 am . Commissioner Ranum seconded the motion . Commissioner Baldwin asked for any other discussion . 3 Ayes . 0 Nays . The motion carried .
Julie Straub , HRM ; Scott Rabbitt and Robbie Christiaens , Parks Dept . JoDee Pratt , City Mayor , joined the meeting .
PARKS MAINTENANCE AND OPERATIONS PLAN
Discussion on implementing a Maintenance and Operations Plan that makes expectations very clear .
Human Resource would like each person to review the example plan that is distributed and to receive drafts from each person for each park .
4:08pm Julie , JoDee , Robbie , and Scott left the meeting .
4:09pm Tom Kachel , Landfill Manager and Barry Damschen , Landfill Engineer , joined the meeting .
4:09pm Commissioner Rost was excused for the day .
LANDFILL UPDATES
Discussion on life expectation of the Landfill , has increased another 20 years of the life expectations to 58 years , now that the land has been purchased and the topo can go higher . Reviewed the Landfill plans . Barry presented an amendment to the current contract to include updating the Master Plan and Design , O & M Plan , and DEQ submittal .
4:26pm Barry left the meeting .
Discussion followed on the Landfill policies ; Commission agrees that it should remain , the Landfill will not pull anyone that is stuck out , as it is a liability .
Discussion followed on loads needing to be covered and fines to be implemented .
4:45pm Tom left the meeting .
4:45pm Cindy and Gary Irgens joined the meeting .
ROAD EASEMENT REQUEST
Commission will have the County Attorney draw up the easement for the Commissioners to sign .
4:46pm Cindy and Gary left the meeting .
4:47pm Commissioner Ranum made the motion to recess until Thursday . Commissioner Baldwin stepped down from Chairman and seconded the motion . Commissioner Baldwin asked for any other discussion . 2 Ayes . 0 Nays . 1 Absent . The motion carried .
THURSDAY , SEPT. 28 , 2017
RECONVENE
PRESENT : Steve Baldwin , Chairman ; Deb Ranum , Roy Rost , Members ; Brenda Wood , Clerk and Recorder
FALLON COUNTY COURTHOUSE
9:04am Commissioner Rost made the motion to move into closed session . Commissioner Ranum seconded the motion . Commissioner Baldwin asked for any other discussions . 3 Ayes . 0 Nays . The motion carries .
11:05am Commissioner Rost made the motion to return to open session . Commissioner Ranum seconded the motion . Commissioner Baldwin asked for any other discussions . 3 Ayes . 0 Nays . The motion carries .
11:06am Commissioner Rost made the motion to recess until the 11:45 am meeting . Seconded by Commissioner Ranum . Commissioner Baldwin asked for further discussion . 3 Ayes . 0 Nays . The motion carries .
RECONVENE
PRESENT : Steve Baldwin , Chairman ; Deb Ranum , Roy Rost , Members ; Peggy Paylor , Recording Clerk
Members of the public : Dean Wang , Alyse Webber , Trish Barth , Brenda Dietz , Myra Wickstrom , Jennifer Wheeler , LaNae Bretzel , Curtis Arnell , Pat Ehret , Kim Eichhorn , Rochelle Conroy , Lynda Herbst , Wendy Wagner , Shyla Hadley , John Bertsch , Mike Griffith , Darlene Hornung , Keli Bertsch , Maria Braun , Ashley Stanhope , Bekki Rambur , Cheryl Niemerg , Jason Coulter , Marisa Packineau , Jeff Greenlee , Mike Menger , Luke Holestine , Val Zupanik , Robert Pfund , Klint Flint , Jessica Dinardi , Joe Wrzesinski , DeAnna Herbst , Allen Barth , Shantel Sander , Chad Tronstad , Jamie Updike , Brenda Flint , Sharon Rustad , Rachel Brockel , JoDee Pratt , Angie Rabbitt , Michael Schultz , Anna Schultz , Roxie Renner , Chelsea Scheetz , Quentin Burdick . Letters of concern were also submitted by Dirk Kuntz , Christy Follmer , Jennifer Dukart , and Josh Cuppy as well as a petition with 60 signatures in support of Jeff Greenlee .
FALLON COUNTY COURTHOUSE COURTROOM
11:45am Commissioner Rost made a motion to appoint Jeff Greenlee to the Fair Board . Seconded by Commissioner Ranum . Commissioner Baldwin asked for further discussion . Jeff Greenlee addressed the Commission Hearing no further discussion , Commission votes on the motion . 3 Ayes . 0 Nays . The motion carried .
11:48am Meeting adjourned .
ADJOURN
s/Steve Baldwin , Chairman
MINUTE TAKER :
s/Peggy Paylor , Recording Clerk
ATTEST :
s/Brenda J . Wood , Clerk and Recorder
LAUDERHILL , FLA. ( WSVN ) - A North Lauderdale Fire Rescue truck transporting a child patient crashed into another vehicle , leaving several injured .
Officials were transporting a pediatric patient to Plantation General Hospital at the time of the crash , Friday afternoon .
The fire rescue truck could be seen with damage to the front end and the windshield . The other vehicle had already been lifted onto a flatbed tow truck .
Two firefighters on board were treated for minor injuries and taken to the hospital . Fire rescue also transported the patient and the driver of the car to the hospital .
The scene along State Road 7 and Northwest 16th Street has been closed off to motorists in the southbound lanes .
Police could be seen rerouting motorists at 16th and 19th streets .
Please check back on WSVN.com and 7News for more details on this developing story .
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
A gray cat went scrambling for cover in the Marlins Park outfield midway through Tuesday night 's game , and no wonder , given the barrage off Marcell Ozuna 's bat .
Ozuna homered twice and had a career-high six RBIs to help Miami win its home opener against the Atlanta Braves , 8-4 .
Announced attendance was 36,519 , and that did n't include a cat that ran onto the field midway through the game . It scurried along the outfield warning track , ran away from right fielder Giancarlo Stanton , crawled up the center field wall and then appeared to get stuck in the animatronic home run sculpture .
USA TODAY Sports Jasen Vinlove
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion , complexity in California 's new gun laws Pause
1:11 How the Paso Robles Police Department is using body cameras
1:36 2016 's worst red-light runners
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
0:07 Timelapse video : Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron , as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
SGA Column : Get involved with SGA
Hello everyone , my name is Heather Hamilton and I am the Vice President for Webster 's Student Government Association . I 'll be using this column to keep everyone up to date on what SGA is doing !
SGA currently has open positions . If you are interested in being a Senator for the College of Fine Arts , School of Business and Technology , or a Graduate Senator , please apply . The application can be found at webster.edu/sga .
Two of our committees are Programming Pool and Student Grant Fund . Programming Pool is for large-scale programming for Student Organizations . Student Grant Fund is to cover costs for extra activities , like conferences , tournaments , and conventions . You can find the applications for these on Involved @ Webster .
If you have any concerns , want to see a change , or want your voice heard , please reach out to SGA . My email address is sgavp @ webster.edu . Please do not hesitate to contact me with any questions , concerns , or ideas .
I also want to invite everyone to our upcoming event , “ Meet & Greet with SGA. ” Come on out to the EAB Commons on December 14th from 3:30-5:30pm and grab some food , a drink and hang out . We would like to use this opportunity to connect with the student body and help build a relationship between us . We hope to see you there .
If you ever want a quick update on what SGA is doing , keep checking back to The Journal . We will keep a regular column here .
Heather Hamilton
Vice President , Student Government Association
Chair , Student Grant Fund Committee
Share this post
Some people celebrate Valentine 's Day differently . There is nothing wrong with curling up on the couch next to your main squeeze while you take in a sappy movie and a gigantic pizza .
It seems a lot of couples had that kind of evening in mind last night , as pizza places all over the country were inundated with requests for heart shaped pizzas . Now we 're sure plenty excelled at this task , and masterfully crafted the delicious treats to look like the symbols of love to perfection , but what fun is seeing perfection ?
Scroll through these amazing pictures of the best Valentine 's pizza fails and try not to die laughing .
@ PapaJohns I literally feel disrespected by this `` heart shaped '' pizza . Thanks for ruining my Valentine 's Day.😭😭 pic.twitter.com/J7wDBElsCO — Lilly🌑 ( @ _liiilllllly_ ) February 15 , 2017
@ pizzahut man why did I order this . Took over an hour and a half I tipped the driver very well and I get this mess ? It 's not even warm .. pic.twitter.com/fqaU16BeqS — Yung Dro ( @ Peyypeyy ) February 15 , 2017
@ pizzahut u delivered THIS & I cant u on the phone for the last 45min… 😠 pic.twitter.com/rk24NEnCMv — Valery Ortiz ( @ ValsTweet ) February 15 , 2017
@ PapaJohns # valentinesdayfail ordered pepperoni heart pizza and got plain . Called and redelivered and got this pic.twitter.com/vVxkRVfuQv — sonnysung2284 ( @ sonnysung2284 ) February 15 , 2017
What kind of heart pizza is this shit….would of ordered something different if it was gon na look like this🙄🙄🙄🙄 @ PapaJohns pic.twitter.com/wpQjn4oroe — Emma ( @ RValentinee ) February 15 , 2017
@ pizzahut this is highly unacceptable . I 'm pretty sure my pizza should not look like this when delivered pic.twitter.com/O9GpOLYSRj — Tyzae ( @ Tyzae ) February 15 , 2017
. @ pizzahut I do n't know whether to laugh or cry at this `` heart '' pizza😂😭 # ValentinesDay pic.twitter.com/e4DxbeIS0u — Mara Sullivan ( @ MaraCSullivan ) February 15 , 2017
@ PapaJohns I ordered a heart shaped pizza and I got this trash and it 's not even cut…… pic.twitter.com/SdgQJnX9Eq — Ivy🌺 ( @ luxesatan ) February 15 , 2017
If you 're looking for the saddest @ PapaJohns heart shaped pizza , it 's at our house . 😕 # doingheartsurgery pic.twitter.com/4TjFnDCDsx — Deborah Richards ( @ debrichardsVT ) February 14 , 2017
Via Deadspin
Follow JT on Facebook , Instagram , and Twitter
HOUSTON — Heavy rains that flooded some Houston streets on July Fourth are expected to subside .
National Weather Service meteorologist Patrick Blood says the city saw heavy rainfall early Wednesday that led to 1 to 2 feet ( 0.3 to 0.6 metres ) of water collecting on some roads in west Houston . But the rain is expected to subside by afternoon .
Blood says the flooding is typical for Houston and wo n't come close to the devastating floods caused last year by Hurricane Harvey . If the rain continues as it has , the impact should be minor .
They say while more rain is expected in the coming days , it likely wo n't be as much .
The rains caused the city to call off its July Fourth concert and festival , but the fireworks display is still on .
Action from the fourth leg of the EFG Sailing Arabi . The race goes from Muscat to Dubai via Sohar , Khasab , Abu Dhabi and Doha , and mixes five offshore legs with three in-port races .
Dubai : Sidney Gavignet 's absence from this year 's EFG Sailing Arabia — The Tour ( EFG SATT ) will make no difference to EFG Bank Monaco 's chances , according to Al Mouj skipper Christian Pontheiu .
Gavignet won three consecutive EFG SATT titles as skipper of Bank Monaco from 2014 to 2016 , but a knee injury has put the Frenchman out of contention for a fourth straight win in the eight-boat 763 nautical mile race from Muscat to Dubai , which runs from February 14 to March 1 .
Fellow Frenchman Pontheiu finished second in Al Mouj 's debut last year and should be looking to go one better in Gavignet 's absence , but they say Bank Monaco are still the favourites .
“ Sidney is not here , but Mathieu Richard is a very good helmsman , he 's won the Tour de France à la voile several times and is a great match racer , ” Pontheiu told Gulf News .
“ They also have returning crew . So , I think Team EFG Bank Monaco is again going to be the best team and it will be hard to beat them . ”
Al Mouj surprised all by finishing second on their debut last year , but Pontheiu held back from making any bullish claims in light of Gavignet 's absence this year .
“ We made a good race last year even though it was our first time , we made some strategic mistakes in the beginning , finishing sixth in the first two legs , but we finished well with two wins in the last two legs .
“ From that we took second overall with that win in the last leg , so , overall it was a good first experience .
“ This year the difference is that we know the boat and their sails better than last year . We know the course too even if it 's not exactly the same as last year , ” they added of the now reversed route , which used to run from Dubai to Muscat .
“ Our target now is to do our best and we will see what we can do , whether it ends up better than last year or not . ”
Win or lose , Pontheiu said the race would be good preparation for the Tour de France à la voile , which takes place every July from the English Channel down to the French Riviera .
“ EFG SATT is now the last regatta before the Tour de France à la voile with both inshore and offshore races . Many sailors like this combination , as it is a greater challenge and test of skills for all levels .
“ More and more people have started to know and follow EFG SATT in Europe , and sailors are happy to come back to the Gulf because it 's a fun and beautiful race to sail in . ”
EFG SATT uses identical Farr 30 yachts making it pure sailing and focused more around skill and ability than about who has the best equipment .
The race goes from Muscat to Dubai via Sohar , Khasab , Abu Dhabi and Doha , and mixes five offshore legs with three in-port races .
For more information visit http : //sailingarabiathetour.com
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI ( CBSMiami ) — A woman onboard a Southwest flight started yelling out of control and threatening to kill passengers , authorities said .
“ I swear if we do n't land , I will kill everybody on this [ explitive ] plane , ” the woman , who authorities identify as Valerie Curbelo , is heard saying on video .
The 24-year-old was escorted into their seat after airline officials say they tried smoking in the bathroom even altering the smoke detector .
Flight attendants forced their way in and escorted the woman back to their seat .
That 's when , witnesses say , they began yelling and demanding the plane , headed from Portland to Sacramento , land at a different destination .
They then pushed a flight attendant and had to be physically restrained for the remaining 30 minutes until landing , witnesses said .
The woman was later arrested when the plane landed in Sacramento , California .
The Sacramento Sheriff 's department says Curbelo lives in Sandy , Oregon . She 's currently booked on three counts of felony criminal threats and their bail has been set at $ 75,000 .
Sitting in jail , Curbelo could n't say exactly what they were anxious about or what made them act that way .
“ I do n't know . It was not me . It was not me , ” said Curbelo when asked why they reportedly did it .
Southwest issued a statement on the incident , saying ,
“ Our crew in command of Flight 2943 traveling from Portland on Saturday afternoon safely landed on-time in Sacramento following an inflight disturbance . Our reports from Flight Attendants indicate a customer violated federal laws by both smoking onboard an aircraft and by tampering with a smoke detector in an aircraft restroom . Our crew enforced the regulation and that was followed by the passenger outburst . The safety of our crew and passengers is our top priority and we take all threats seriously . The pilots declared an emergency to receive priority handling from air traffic controllers , and our Crew handled the situation onboard until the plane landed and local authorities stepped in . The flight carried 136 customers and a crew of five . ”
People in one Cape Coral neighborhood are not taking any chances after a brush fire scorched their backyards .
Dry conditions helped flames burn five acres of land just behind SE 24th Avenue more than a week ago . The fire burned just feet away from homes , catching those families off guard and forcing them to leave their homes with nothing but the clothes they were wearing .
They now say `` never again . '' Many say they 're packing up the essentials and clearing out dry brush in their yards , preparing for whatever nature is brewing .
`` I just got all their socials , birth certificates , and stuff that we need and a couple bags to pack just in case , '' said Shaneika Gary . `` Just in case and we leave everything else . ''
Firefighters said they received calls this past weekend for grass fires and brush fires , which were quickly doused . But it 's that possibility and the dry conditions that have these neighbors on alert .
Investigators are looking into the cause of the March 4 fire .
This low-cost desktop printer can print Braille
There are 285 million visually impaired people across the globe - and some will soon be able to benefit from undergoing development of digital Braille and tactile printing technology by KWSP .
There are 285 million visually impaired people across the globe - and some will soon be able to benefit from undergoing development of digital Braille and tactile printing technology by KWSP .
The UK engineering consultancy is backed by EU research programme Horizon 2020 SME Instrument to create a desktop printer that will digitally print tactile mater in the form of Braille for the home or office .
The device , dubbed b.my.jet , will allow for instant access to Braille material at a significantly lower cost that current embossing technology . The project hopes to include scanning and `` copy to Braille '' options as well .
KWSP describes current embossing methods as `` analogue , inflexible and not on-demand to users '' . The new printer aims to have comparable operating costs to a laser printer . It 's anticipated to deliver a similar step change for the printing of Braille , as did the move from typewriter to computer processing for the printed word .
KWSP has started work on the design and build of the pre-production prototype printer at its UK facility in Brackley .
`` I believe engineers have a social responsibility - this project is a great example of how engineering can use current and future technology to improve quality of life , '' says managing director of KWSP Kieron Salter .
KWSP is working in collaboration with Hungarian-based Central European Research Centre ( CERC ) and digital printing specialist Alchemie Technology . KWSP is responsible for the design and manufacture of the pre-production printer , including the integration of novel print head technology .
Sub-contractors include Hungarian charitable foundation INFOALAP and Co & Co , a Hungarian product design consultancy and winner of several prestigious Red Dot design awards for product design .
The first pre-production printer is expected to be completed later this year .
KWSP has previously worked in high performance engineering , including motorsport , aerospace , elite sports and medical sectors .
To see how type designer Viktoriya Grabowska is creating a digital typeface aimed to help visually impaired people learn the letter shapes used by sighted people .
The case for high-skilled immigration to the U.S. is n't hard to make . All those Ph.D.s in science and technology help build the nation 's advanced infrastructure while adding to the store of human capital and generating national wealth .
As a 2016 Congressional Research Service report stated , `` This workforce is seen by many as a catalyst of U.S. global economic competitiveness and is likewise considered a key element of the legislative options aimed at stimulating economic growth . ''
The low-skilled immigrant is less beloved by economists , and an easier target for anti-immigration groups . President Donald Trump largely refrains from attacking Asian immigrants , who tend to be highly educated and skilled . But they broadcast calumnies about Mexicans without restraint .
Unskilled and low-skilled immigrants are already being edged out of the national portrait . As demographer William Frey has written , foreign-born arrivals from 2011-2015 are more highly educated than their predecessors : `` That is , nearly half ( 48 percent ) of recently arrived immigrants are college graduates , compared with only 28 percent of those who arrived before . Moreover fewer have not received a high school education ( 19 percent ) than among those who arrived previously ( 30 percent ) . ''
The typical complaint about low-skilled immigrants is that they drive down wages for already struggling low-income natives . ( Some who complain of downward pressure on wages seem less interested in boosting the working poor when it does n't entail restricting immigrants . ) The claim about wages is both complicated and disputed . But even presuming low-skilled immigrants have a small but significant effect depressing wages , restricting their entry is a fraught response .
Two of the fastest-growing occupations of the decade ahead -- home health aides and personal care aides for aging baby boomers -- require minimal education and pay around $ 22,000 annually . Natives are not lining up to perform those duties . It 's more likely the jobs will be done by immigrants . Likewise , the agriculture industry , which is already experiencing some labor shortages , wo n't find many natives -- or robots -- eager to pick strawberries or many other crops .
Privileging skilled immigrants over those with low skills is n't a new idea ; U.S. immigration policy has done so for decades .
In the national panic after the Soviet launch of Sputnik in 1957 , the State Department 's administrator of security and consular affairs , Roderic O'Connor , said that the era of `` mass labor from whatever sources '' was over . `` The Soviet Sputnik has dramatically emphasized a different need , '' they said . `` Today we need scientists and technicians . We need professional people , doctors and teachers . In short , we need highly skilled and specialized immigrants . ''
I found that 1958 quotation in the dissertation of Philip Wolgin , an immigration expert at the Center for American Progress . `` These debates are n't anything new , '' Wolgin said , via email . `` In my dissertation I talked quite a bit about the debate , in the run up to the 1965 immigration bill , over what was then called 'new seed ' immigrants -- basically immigrants without skills or family ties . ''
The `` new seed '' immigrants were the rough and uneducated strivers who came to the U.S. and worked their way up . Representative Emanuel Celler of New York , a co-author of the landmark 1965 immigration bill , spoke of the new seeds who had `` opened the frontier , built the railroads and laid the foundations for industry , '' Wolgin wrote in their thesis . Senator Estes Kefauver of Tennessee said they were “ the hardy freedom-loving pioneers '' who constituted `` the new seed of our national existence . ”
In the end , the U.S. restricted legal immigration of low-skilled immigrants while tacitly allowing their immigration through illegal channels .
The economic arguments for low-skilled immigration are linked , but not identical to , the new seed argument , which is essentially a claim for the continued relevance of the American Dream . To open a path to new seeds is to recognize that luck is determined in no small part by borders . It 's to declare that anyone can come from anywhere and make something solid -- maybe even something spectacular -- with enough gumption and hard work . And if it does n't quite work out for you , it can still come true for your kids .
Trump and other nativists claim poor immigrants mostly hang around collecting welfare . ( The self-described `` king of debt , '' who just transferred $ 1.5 trillion from the Treasury to wealthy taxpayers , grows fiscally conservative whenever out-groups make claims on public funds . ) But other than refugees and asylum seekers , recent immigrants are barred from most public benefits , including programs to which they contribute tax dollars .
Shutting down low-skilled immigration , abandoning the new seeds , is n't about safeguarding the public treasury . It 's about engineering the composition of the nation , much like previous efforts to bar Asians or restrict southern Europeans . It makes a gated community of the winner 's circle , and takes aim at the American Dream itself .
This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners .
Hillsboro , Or . – A single engine plane crashed near the runway Thursday afternoon while trying to land at Twin Oaks Airpark in Hillsboro . The Washington County Sheriff 's Office says the pilot and instructor both suffered non life threatening injuries and were taken to the hospital .
Deputies say 39 year old John Gorman was the pilot receiving additional training for an advanced certification . Their instructor was 68 year old Ronald Magnus . Deputy says Gorman was landing the 1963 Pipe 250 Comanche and was unable to maintain enough air speed to land on the paved runway . They say the plane came up short and collided with the ground at the leading edge of the runway . Two of the three landing gears were ripped off . The fuselage was twisted and the wings and tail section were badly damaged .
The FAA responded to the scene to complete their investigation .
U.S. Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Joseph Dunford , left , talks with South Korean Defense Minister Song Young-moo during their meeting at the Defense Ministry in Seoul , South Korea , Monday , Aug. 14 , 2017 . Pool Photo via AP Kim Hong-Ji
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
The coalition of democracy and good governance groups , ‘ # Resume or Resign ' and ‘ Our Mumu don do , ' have described as , lies from the pit of hell , an allegation in some section of the media claiming that the current governor of Gombe state , Dr. Ibrahim Hassan Dankwambo , the immediate past governor of Ondo state , Dr. Olusegun Mimiko and other politicians in the Peoples Democratic Party , PDP , are the ones sponsoring the sit-out rally demanding that President Muhammadu Buhari who has been in London since May 7 returns back to Nigeria to resume their presidential duties or that they resign if incapacitated by ill health .
A pro-Buhari group , Coalition for Truth and Justice , CFTAJ , had on Sunday , alleged that the current rally by the groups calling for Buhari 's resumption or resignation were being sponsored by the asupervisorstioned governors in the tune of three hundred million Naira ( N300m ) .
The National Coordinator of CFTAJ , Charles Timothy , at press conference in Abuja , called on security agencies to place them “ under passive watch ” , because the protests were being sponsored to destabilise the country .
They said , “ It is true that the installment death of the corruption industry is compelling Nigerians to live within their means , which some have interpreted as hardship in the land . Nigerians should therefore task these protesters to inquire from their sponsors if the N300 million paid to celebrity activists – Deji ( Adeyanju ) , John Danfulani and Charles Oputa aka Charlie Boy could n't have been better deployed to ameliorate the condition of those facing economic hardship .
“ We therefore want to issue firm warnings . Because we know these protesters are mere fodders , tools in the hands of those that paid them to take to the streets , our warning is not directed at the protesters but at their sponsors . We therefore warn Gombe State Governor , Ibrahim Hassan Dankwambo and former Governor of Ondo State , Olusegun Mimiko who are the brain behind the protest against the ailing President .
But in a statement signed by Charles Oputa ( Leader , # ResumeOrResign Movement ) for ‘ Our Mumu Don Do Movement ' and Deji Adeyanju ( Co-Convener , # ResumeOrResign Movement ) for ‘ Concerned Nigerians , ' the anti-Buhari protesters said their movement was never and will never be sponsored by anybody especially because it is in line with the provisions of the constitution .
“ We have seen the lies and false assertions of a pro government group called Coalition for truth and Justice alleging that the Concerned Nigerians and the Mumu don do movement are being sponsored by Former Governor of Ondo state Dr Olusegun Mimiko and Governor of Gombe state Ibrahim Dankwambo .
“ The allegations are not just lies but are ridiculous and even embarrassing to those making the allegations . We understand that this is the handwork of detractors that are against our honest agitations for the Resumption or Resignation of President Buhari .
“ Concerned Nigerians and Our Mumu don do Movement are not being sponsored by anybody or government figure and will remain unsponsored . Our activities are in line with the provisions of the constitution and we will continue to carry out our daily sit out activities and not be intimidated .
“ Furthermore , we will no longer respond to any prevalent distractions or consequent allegations by this administration but we will remain focus in demanding for the President to either Resume or Resign . ”
The groups also reiterated their stand that President Buhari must resume or resign . They said they will take their rallies for the demand for Buhari 's resumption or resignation to several cities across Nigeria .
“ Wednesday August 16th , 2017 will mark 100 days since President Muhammadu Buhari travelled to an undisclosed hospital in the United Kingdom to treat a yet to be disclosed illness . During this period President Buhari has rarely been seen in public and has not communicated with the Nigerian people in a language that a majority of the people can understand .
“ A few days ago the Presidency released images and video footage of the President receiving some of their aides . However , Nigerians were informed that their medical sojourn to the United Kingdom will continue a while longer as their doctors have not given them clearance to return to the country and resume the execution of their duties as President .
“ In view of the above , we will hold peaceful processions in several cities across Nigeria and the world at large to press home our demands that President Buhari either returns to the country soon or resigns from office as President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria . ”
However , the pro-Buhari group maintained that the anti-Buhari rallies were sponsored by politicians who are power players in PDP .
The group 's National Coordinator , Charles Timothy , called also said that those calling for Buhari 's resumption are rather victims of their sponsors ‘ alleged clandestine motives and urged them to instead , join other Nigerians and pray for the President 's quick recovery .
They said , “ Both Dankwambo and Mimiko are entitled to throw away their humanity on the altar of ambition but they must be aware that whatever position they are desperate to attain is not worth plunging the country into crisis over . They are free to spend their money any way they want but financing urchins , riffraff and celebrity activists but truly patriotic Nigerians will not sit by and watch them plunge the country into trouble .
“ We urge the law enforcement agencies to place these men under passive watch same as their foot soldiers on the streets to ensure that there is no unexpected breakdown of law and order . This does not in any way suggest that the right of Nigerians to lawful assembly should be abridged , what we are saying is that criminal elements should not be encouraged to use President Buhari 's medical vacation as a cover to wreak havoc on the streets .
“ Nigeria is again at crossroads as those that are desperate to collapse the country are again at work . They have tried all manners of gimmicks in the past and woefully failed to compromise the integrity of Nigeria . Some of them have sponsored terrorism or militancy , depending on the region , and failed to use these to bring Nigeria down . They have now resorted to street protests under the guise that they are demanding President Muhammadu Buhari to cut short their medical vacation and resume duties .
“ For those who have not noticed , we want to point out that these protesters are not new . They had held similar protests in the past under different names and with multiple excuses . What they have simply done this time is to rebrand their name into # ourmumudondo and add a few more desperate celebrity activists to their ranks ; their driving ideology for causing chaos has not changed one bit .
“ It is most unfortunate that these motely crowd of desperate people equated themselves with patriotic citizens that followed due process in staging a march to express their feeling about the performance of government . The patriotic citizens conducted themselves in orderly manner and cooperated with law enforcement to ensure their march was not hijacked . Same can not be said for the # ourmumudondo protesters , whose thugs were confrontational against law enforcement agents from the start .
“ To Nigerians , our position remains to renew the invitation to pray for the recovery of President Muhammadu Buhari and for return of peace with prosperity to the country . We appeal to citizens not to buy into the campaign of negativity being financed by the likes of Dankwambo and Mimiko .
“ It is tragic that these protesters are victims of their own puppet masters , who are exploiting their joblessness to further personal political interests . We expect that people should , even when they are unemployed , interrogate the long-term plan of those asking them to take to the streets and cause mayhem . When protests degenerate into unruliness it is natural that the peace has to be maintained so these protesters were quite unawares that they were guinea pigs in their paymasters ' poltical experiment .
“ Another thing that these protesters are unaware of was that their sponsors have equally mobilized thugs to join the so-called protests for the sole aim of fomenting trouble . The strategy is for these thugs to deliberately clash with law enforcement and then cause widespread violence , arson and looting that will eventually result in a breakdown of law and order . Even more worrisome is the specific request from these sponsors that the thugs must ensure there is loss of life from the protest so that they can claim that security agencies and by implication the government of President Muhammadu Buhari is killing protesters . ”
CBS4CBS4 is now on CBSMiami.com . It 's the same great news , weather , and investigations you found on cbs4.com , but we 've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out [ … ]
My TV 33My TV33 is on CBSMiami.comIt 's the same great news , weather , and investigations you found on cbs4.com , but we 've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out of [ … ]
WQAMMiami 's Sports Radio 560 WQAM is South Florida 's original sports station . For a quarter century , WQAM has brought the region live coverage of their favorite teams and been home to the most popular and beloved [ … ]
South Florida H.S . SportsSFHSSports is now on CBSMiami.com ! We 're a part of the CBS Miami family… Visit us at http : //miami.cbslocal.com/category/sfhssports . Our “ crew ” Larry Blustein SFHSSports Senior Writer FloridaKids1 @ aol.com . We want to hear [ … ]
A lockdown at Travis Air Force base was lifted Wednesday afternoon after reports of an active shooter turned out to be false , law enforcement officials told NBC News .
According to sources , a call about an active shooter from the base was a false alarm . There were no injuries reported .
Travis Air Force base officials tweeted at 5:20 p.m. that `` emergency personnel responded to reports of gun shots @ the Base Exchange . It was determined to be a false alarm . Lockdown is lifted . ''
A Facebook post around 3:30 p.m. advised people to avoid the area so emergency responders can do their jobs . People were also urged to shelter in place due to a `` real world incident '' and asked to lock doors and windows .
The facility 's main gate was closed , Fairfield police wrote on Twitter , and social media users reported an active shooter situation .
Scenes from an NBC-affiliate chopper showed people walking around at the base , a sprawling campus located in Solano County . Some people were holding hands as they were being escorted to safety , and police cars dotted the parking lot .
A simulated security drill was scheduled to take place Wednesday and Thursday , but Travis Air Force base officials said on social media the security incident was unrelated to it .
Dozens of parents of military personnel who are based out of Travis posted on the base 's Facebook page , looking for information .
No further information was immediately available .
UPDATE : Emergency personnel responded to reports of gun shots @ the Base Exchange . It was determined to be a false alarm . Lockdown is lifted . — Travis AFB Official ( @ Travis60AMW ) June 15 , 2017
By Perez Brisibe
UGHELLI – ONE person was last Tuesday killed by unidentified gunmen in the Ojokor area of Ughelli , Delta State in what sources described as a cult related attack .
Though , details of the deceased could not be ascertained as at press time , witnesses at the scene of the incident disclosed that they were shot twice by their assailants who fled the scene of the incident after shooting their victim .
One of the witnesses , a resident in the area , told Vanguard that the incident occurred at about 2p.m .
The source who spoke on condition of anonymity , said : “ We heard gunshots in the area only to be told that some cultists shot a boy who was drinking with others at a bar .
“ He was shot on the head but was later confirmed dead on their way to the hospital . ”
Westoil Boss , Bidemi Fahm raises alarm on havoc of substandard engine oil
By : Mutiat Alli
Some of the engine oils currently being sold at petrol stations , auto part shops , and some other sales outlets in Nigeria can cause damage to your engine , an Oil and Gas expert , Bidemi Fahm has decried .
Speaking recently on the proliferation of engine oil , Fahm who is Chief Executive officer of Westoil Petroleum Services Limited noted that Nigerians need to pay more attention to details of product labels on the engine oil kegs .
Fahm broke it down , “ Choosing the appropriate oil for your car 's engine is dependent on your vehicle . Start by checking your car maintenance manual for the standard or authorized lubricant recommended by your vehicle manufacturer , then , select a lubricant which matches the recommended specification . The matching spec can be found on the back label of the oil container . It 's as simple as that . ”
“ At some Nigerian filling stations , obsolete motor oils with performance levels as low as API “ SD ” are being dispensed and sold from storage tanks to ill-informed customers . Some of these obsolete oils are also not hard to find on shelves alongside the current “ SJ ” , “ SL ” , “ SM ” and “ SN ” motor oils at these same outlets and auto parts stores . One common mistake people make when buying engine oil is to be guided by price . Fact : engine oils with a Service Classification prior to SN ( including the obsolete SD , SE , SF , etc . ) are often priced close to that of API SN , so do n't be guided by price . ”
They noted that the service rating of passenger car and commercial automotive motor oils is classified by the American Petroleum Institute ( API ) which certifies that engine oil meets certain Original Equipment Manufacturer ( OEM ) quality and performance standards . The service rating is shown in the API “ Service Symbol Donut ” on the product label . Look for the two-letter code on the API Donut at the back of the engine oil keg as shown below in Figure 1 .
They went on , “ Engine oils with an API “ SB ” Service Classification were formulated for use in cars built prior to 1951 , and are now obsolete . Yet , they are not hard to find on sale in Nigeria today .
API 's latest service standard is “ SN. ” SN refers to a group of laboratory and engine tests , including the latest series for improved piston protection against high-temperature deposits , more stringent sludge control , and seal compatibility . If you are buying a lubricant and the label on the keg reads API “ SB ” , it is engine oil made for use in cars built between 1930 and 1951 and is not suitable for use in gasoline-powered automobile engines built after 1951 .
Use in more modern engines may cause unsatisfactory performance or damage to engine . If it reads API “ SC ” , it 's for cars built between 1951 and 1967 and is not suitable for use in gasoline-powered automobile engines built after 1967 , and use in more modern engines may cause unsatisfactory performance or damage to engine . API “ SD ” is for cars built between 1967 and 1971 and is not suitable for use in gasoline-powered automobile engines built after 1971 . Use in more modern engines may cause unsatisfactory performance or damage to engine . “ SE ” is for cars built between 1971 and 1979 and is not suitable for use in gasoline-powered automobile engines built after 1979 . “ SF ” is for vehicles built between 1979 and 1988 . “ SG ” for 1988 to 1992 . “ SH ” for 1993 to 1995 . At this point , it is important to mention that API “ SA ” through “ SH ” motor oils are classified by the API as “ OBSOLETE ” ! Current API service standards are “ SJ ” for 2001 and older automotive engines , “ SL ” for 2004 and older automotive engines , “ SM ” for 2010 and older automotive engines , and “ SN ” which was introduced in October 2010 for 2011 and older vehicles . On November 9 , 2017 , the API Lubricants Standards Group approved the adoption of SN PLUS , a new classification that may be used in conjunction with API SN and API SN with Resource Conserving . API began licensing oils against the SN PLUS classification on May 1 , 2018 .
By Leilani Haywood
Tribune Reporter
Lee 's Summit Police rank at the bottom compared to other city municipalities in pay . Rick Inglima , President of the Fraternal Order of the Police calls the recent Springsted compensation study that Lee 's Summit City Council spent $ 2.5 million on “ fraudulent ” and “ ludicrous. ” In front of a crowd of Lee 's Summit police officers , firefighters and public safety workers , Inglima rebuked the City Council for “ kicking this can down the road . ”
“ The time to fix this problem is now , ” says Inglima . “ Since I 've been here the city has done three to four compensation studies that all say we 're behind in compensation. ” Inglima presented several charts demonstrating Lee 's Summit Police ( LSPD ) starting pay was at the bottom compared to municipalities such as Blue Springs , Independence , Kansas City , KS ; Kansas City , MO and Lawrence , KS .
LSPD sergeants starting salaries were $ 11,240 or 16.35 % below average . For top pay for police officers and starting pay for sergeants LSPD ranked # 13 out of 15 cities . For top pay for sergeants , LSPD ranked in the average however the most tenured Sergeant had 34.5 years with LSPD including 27 years as a Sergeant . The highest paid Sergeant has 29 years with LSPD and earns $ 8,031 below the yearly top pay .
Inglima addressed the council during public comment and was concerned about section 4 of a proposed ordinance to adopt pay plan and schedule in the Springsted study . Section 4 of the proposed ordinance states : “ That the City Manager is hereby directed to offer an annualized sum for salary adjustments , utilizing the same methodology as for unrepresented employees , to represented employee groups more specifically : 1 . The Fraternal Order of Police - $ 282,173 ; 2. International Association of firefighters - $ 1,991,644 ; and , 3. International Association of Machinists - $ 364,760 . ”
Instead , Inglima said the council should disregard the Springsted study and allocate $ 1.8 million to the Fraternal Order of Police , $ 900,000 to the International Association of Firefighters , $ 500,000 to the International Association of Machinists and $ 1.8 million to core representative employees .
City Council initially voted to defeat the ordinance until Councilman Diane Forte made a motion for City staff to return the measure for consideration at a future meeting .
CTV Vancouver
B.C . 's police watchdog has been called to the Fraser Valley after a prolific offender was injured while allegedly fleeing from officers .
Police said the 37-year-old , who was wanted on outstanding warrants for driving offences , was seen speeding 90 km/h over the limit in Chilliwack Thursday morning . Officers then tracked them to the parkade at Sevenoaks Shopping Centre in Abbotsford .
When they tried to arrest him , they allegedly resisted and fell roughly four metres from the second level of the parkade to the ground .
`` The suspect was injured as a result of an impact with the ground but limped to a nearby vehicle that they attempted to steal . Police arrived quickly to that location and arrested the suspect , '' the Abbotsford Police Department said in a news release .
The unnamed offender was taken to hospital with what police suspect was a broken leg .
The department said one officer was also injured during the arrest , but it 's unclear how seriously they were hurt . Police said they received treatment in hospital .
The Independent Investigation Office , which is tasked with investigating all police incidents that result in death or serious injury , was called to conduct a preliminary probe of what happened and determine if officers ' actions contributed to the suspect 's injury .
Police are recommending several charges against the prolific offender , including driving while prohibited , dangerous operation of a motor vehicle , resisting arrest , flight from police , hit-and-run , and attempted theft .
Sally Morrow/March of Dimes ( KANSAS CITY , Mo . ) — Roses are red , violets are blue , these preemies are special , and this hospital wanted to make sure they knew .
Cupid visited the preemies and their parents at Saint Luke 's Hospital in Kansas City , Missouri , to celebrate Valentine 's Day .
The babies each received hand-knit hats with hearts .
The parents received special Valentine 's cards made from their baby 's footprints , along with professional photos taken by volunteers , who at one point were parents of preemies themselves .
“ It was astonishing the way they take time out of their lives to knit a hat or make those Valentine 's with their footprints in the shape of a heart , ” Kyle Wilkinson , father to baby Jake Wilkinson , born on Feb. 4 , told ABC News . “ We do n't know these people at all . Using their time to make our time more comforting was really eye-opening . ”
The NICU nurses and March of Dimes volunteers organized the efforts to help make the family 's time in a typically stressful situation seem more “ normal . ”
“ Every day a child is in the NICU can be frightening and uncertain , but holidays are especially tough , as families miss the normal joys of celebrations at home , ” Rebecca Keunen , March of Dimes/NICU Family Support Coordinator , wrote to ABC News .
These unexpected celebrations meant the world to Kyle and their wife Katie , who said it makes them feel like they 're not alone .
“ They do a great job of making you feel like this is normal , ” said Katie . “ A lot of families go through this , more than we know . ”
“ The biggest thing is that they 've taken this time in our lives , which could be really scary and troubling , and made it a celebration , ” Kyle added . “ They 've made it really normal . We 're celebrating our son just as we would be if they were born full term . ”
The parents of the preemies also wrote love letters to little ones .
“ It 's so nice to be able to connect with them in that way , ” Katie said of their newborn , James .
It was certainly a sweet celebration for the families .
Copyright © 2017 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
By Daud Olatunji
Surveillance officers and health workers in Lagos and Ogun States have been placed on high alert , even as Ogun State confirmed 1 case of Lassa fever and the Lagos University Teaching Hospital , LUTH , assured that confirmed cases in the institution are responding to treatment .
Confirming the Ogun case , the State Commissioner for Health , Dr. Babatunde Ipaiye said the patient , a 20-year- old male , had been isolated at the Federal Medical Centre , Idi-Aba in Abeokuta ,
They said the patient who tested positive following a trip back to the state from Lagos , is responding to treatment even as 66 persons that had direct contact with them are under surveillance and the hospital where they were admitted fumigated and decontaminated .
Surveillance officers and the health workers in the 20 Local Government Areas and 37 Local Council Development Areas of the state are on red alert for Lassa fever in the state .
Meanwhile , the Lagos University Teaching Hospital , LUTH , yesterday said that the confirmed Lassa fever cases in the institution are responding to treatment .
The Chief Medical Director , Prof Chris Bode who disclosed this , also said those under surveillance are doing well .
Bode said the hospital management would issue official update on the outbreak today .
Last week , Lagos confirmed five Lassa cases with 2 deaths and 150 placed under surveillance .
Leby Gomez , left , and Jose Henriquez , right , stand for a court appearance on March 13 , 2017 . ( Luis Marquez/FOX5 )
Two men accused in a sexual assault case involving a girl with a learning disability both appeared in a Las Vegas courtroom on Monday .
Bail was withheld for Leby Gomez , 39 , and Jose Henriquez , 18 , during both men 's arraignment . A preliminary hearing was set for March 27 .
According to Gomez 's arrest report , on Dec. 14 , 2016 , a female student with a learning disability at Del Sol Academy High School reported they had been sexually assaulted .
A teacher said they noticed the girl was “ extremely emotional and distracted , ” according to the report . The teacher spoke with the girl who said they were upset because there was a video surfacing where they were naked and being touched by several male students .
The teacher reported it to the dean 's office , police said . The girl said they had been raped by more than five male students , several times .
The girl 's mother said they had an ex-partner who had sexually abused their daughters five years prior and was put in prison because of that abuse .
The girl said inappropriate touching happened over the course of several months , causing their fear , according to the report .
They said a man , later identified as Gomez witnessed the assaults and told the boys to “ keep going . ”
Police later found a 14-minute video of males sexually assaulting the girl . Police said males can be heard telling others what to do during the assaults .
Gomez was taken into custody on counts of sexual assault against a child under 16 years old , coercion with force , and conspiracy to commit sexual assault . Henriquez was booked on counts of sexual assault against a child under 16 , first degree kidnapping of a minor , coercion with force , conspiracy to commit sexual assault , and use or permitting a minor 14 years old and older to produce pornography .
Copyright 2017 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
Alice in Chains announced a headlining 2018 North American tour , with initial dates spanning April 28th in Boston through May 19th in Philadelphia . Ticket information is available at the band 's website .
The alt-metal quartet recently started recording their
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com : Alice in Chains Plot Headlining 2018 Tour
…read more
Via : : Rolling Stone
Lady Gaga 's eye-popping videos have helped solidify their persona as a new-generation pop star with grand artistic aspirations . These five selections from their wide-ranging videography led the pack in Rolling Stone 's readers ' poll of Mother Monster 's best clips .
…read more
Via : : Rolling Stone
Oklahoma quarterback Baker Mayfield ( 6 ) plants the Sooner flag in the Ohio State logo at midfield after a 31-16 win at Ohio Stadium in Columbus , Ohio , on Saturday , Sept. 9 , 2017 . ( Kyle Robertson/Columbus Dispatch/TNS )
By Associated Press Contact Associated Press on Twitter :
No . 2 Oklahoma will bring three All-Americans to the College Football Playoff .
Quarterback Baker Mayfield , offensive tackle Orlando Brown and tight end Mark Andrews of Oklahoma were selected to The Associated Press All-America team , giving the Sooners more players on the first team than any school . The All-America team , selected by a panel of 17 Top 25 voters , was released Monday .
Four of the top five vote-getters for the Heisman Trophy made the first team , including the runaway winner Mayfield . Stanford 's Bryce Love , the Heisman runner-up , and San Diego State 's Rashaad Penny , the nation 's leading rusher and fifth-place finisher for the Heisman , were the first-team running backs . Penn State 's Saquon Barkley , who finished fourth in the Heisman voting , made the team as an all-purpose player .
Louisville 's Lamar Jackson , last year 's Heisman winner and All-America quarterback , was selected to the second team .
The Associated Press All-America teams :
FIRST TEAM
OFFENSE
Quarterback -- Baker Mayfield , senior , Oklahoma .
Running backs -- Bryce Love , junior , Stanford ; Rashaad Penny , senior , San Diego State .
Tackles -- Orlando Brown , junior , Oklahoma ; Mike McGlinchey , senior , Notre Dame .
Guards -- Quenton Nelson , senior , Notre Dame ; Braden Smith , senior , Auburn .
Center -- Billy Price , senior , Ohio State .
Tight end -- Mark Andrews , junior , Oklahoma .
Receivers -- James Washington , senior , Oklahoma State ; Anthony Miller , senior , Memphis .
All-purpose player -- Saquon Barkley , junior , Penn State .
Kicker -- Matt Gay , junior , Utah .
DEFENSE
Ends -- Bradley Chubb , senior , North Carolina State ; Clelin Ferrell , sophomore , Clemson .
Tackles -- Hercules Mata'afa , junior , Washington State ; Maurice Hurst , senior , Michigan .
Linebackers -- Roquan Smith , junior , Georgia ; Josey Jewell , senior , Iowa ; T.J. Edwards , junior , Wisconsin .
Cornerbacks -- Josh Jackson , junior , Iowa ; Denzel Ward , junior , Ohio State .
Safeties -- Minkah Fitzpatrick , junior , Alabama ; DeShon Elliott , junior , Texas .
Punter -- Michael Dickson , junior , Texas .
SECOND TEAM
OFFENSE
Quarterback -- Lamar Jackson , junior , Louisville .
Running backs -- Jonathan Taylor , first-year student , Wisconsin ; Kerryon Johnson , junior , Auburn .
Tackles -- Mitch Hyatt , junior , Clemson ; Isaiah Wynn , senior , Georgia .
Guards -- Cody O'Connell , senior , Washington State ; Will Hernandez , senior , UTEP .
Center -- Bradley Bozeman , senior , Alabama .
Tight end -- Troy Fumagalli , senior , Wisconsin .
Receivers -- David Sills V , junior , West Virginia ; Michael Gallup , senior , Colorado State .
All-purpose player -- Dante Pettis , senior , Washington .
Kicker -- Daniel Carlson , senior , Auburn .
DEFENSE
Ends -- Sutton Smith , sophomore , Northern Illinois ; Nick Bosa , sophomore , Ohio State .
Tackles -- Ed Oliver , sophomore , Houston ; Christian Wilkins , junior , Clemson .
Linebackers -- Malik Jefferson , junior , Texas ; Ogbonnia Okoronkwo , senior , Oklahoma ; Dorian O'Daniel , senior , Clemson .
Cornerbacks -- Jalen Davis , senior , Utah State ; Carlton Davis , junior , Auburn .
Safeties -- Derwin James , junior , Florida State ; Justin Reid , junior , Stanford .
Punter -- Johnny Townsend , senior , Florida .
THIRD TEAM
OFFENSE
Quarterback -- Mason Rudolph , senior , Oklahoma State .
Running backs -- Ronald Jones II , junior , Southern California ; Devin Singletary , sophomore , Florida Atlantic .
Tackles -- David Edwards , sophomore , Wisconsin ; Jonah Williams , sophomore , Alabama .
Guards -- Beau Benzschawel , junior , Wisconsin ; Tyrone Crowder , senior , Clemson .
Center -- Frank Ragnow , senior , Arkansas .
Tight end -- Jaylen Samuels , senior , North Carolina State .
Receivers -- Steve Ishmael , senior , Syracuse ; A.J . Brown , sophomore , Mississippi .
All-purpose player -- D.J . Reed , junior , Kansas State .
Kicker -- Eddy Piniero , junior , Florida .
DEFENSE
Ends -- Austin Bryant , junior , Clemson ; Mat Boesen , senior , TCU .
Tackles -- Vita Vea , junior , Washington ; Harrison Phillips , senior , Stanford .
Linebackers -- Micah Kiser , senior , Virginia ; Tremaine Edmunds , junior , Virginia Tech ; Devin Bush , sophomore , Michigan .
Cornerbacks -- Andraez Williams , redshirt first-year student , LSU ; Jack Jones , sophomore , Southern California .
Safeties -- Armani Watts , senior , Texas A & M ; Quin Blanding , senior , Virginia .
Punter -- Mitch Wisnowsky , junior , Utah .
Voters : Bob Asmussen , Champaign ( Illinois ) News-Gazette ; Kirk Bohls , Austin ( Texas ) American-Statesman ; Matt Brown , Sports on Earth ; Pat Caputo , The Oakland ( Michigan ) Press ; Chuck Carlton , Dallas Morning News ; Robert Cessna , Bryan-College Station ( Texas ) Eagle ; Rece Davis , ESPN ; Jon Wilner , San Jose ( California ) Mercury News ; Pat Dooley , Gainesville ( Florida ) Sun ; Dave Foster , Fox 17 WZTV , Nashville , Tennessee ; Scott Hamilton , WCOG-AM , Greensboro , North Carolina ; Eric Hansen , The South Bend ( Indiana ) Tribune ; Rob Long , WJZ-FM The Fan , Baltimore ; Tony Parks , 1280 AM/97.5 FM KZNS , Salt Lake City ; Soren Petro , 810 WHB , Kansas City , Missouri ; Keith Sargeant , NJ.com/Star Ledger , Newark , New Jersey .
Negotiators at the G-20 summit of finance ministers agreed on language in their draft communique that says crypto assets lack many of the attributes of sovereign currencies , according to a person with direct knowledge of the talks . * G-20 negotiators also withdrew language on risk of inward looking policy to global growth in draft communique * There 's intense debate on digital taxation at G-20 , Brazil Finance Minister Henrique Meirelles tells reporters in Buenos Aires * Brazil favors digital taxation , Meirelles said * NOTE from earlier : Digital Taxation Is Said to Be a Major Sticking Point at G-20 Link
Oil & Gas Conservation Awareness Drive Saksham concluded in Odisha
Report by Odisha Diary bureau , Bhubaneswar : The Oil Industry celebrated the valedictory function of Oil & Gas Conservation Awareness Drive- सक्षम'17 at Jaydev Bhavan on 15.02.17 ( Wednesday ) . Shri Sabyasachi Mishra , Ollywood Cine Actor presided over as Chief Guest . Shri Pritish Bharat , General Manager , IndianOil-cum-State Level Co-ordinator , Odisha and other high dignitaries of Oil Industry were present on the occasion . In their inaugural address , Shri Sabyasachi stressed upon the need to conserve petroleum products which not only saves money , but also saves the Environment . They also emphasised the need of conservation of oil and gas as our country is not self dependent in case of petroleum products .
Shri Pritish Bharat , General Manager , IOCL and State Level Coordinator for the oil industry presented a capsule on programmes conducted during one month commenced from 16th January'17 to 15th February'17 .
Earlier , while coming to Jaydev Bhavan for the Valedictory function , Shri Sabyasachi stopped at Bhamra Filling Station ( IOC Petrol pump ) to inaugurate Art Gallery displaying the painting created by School Children during the month-long Oil & Gas Conservation Awareness Drive .
During the one month , the oil industry collectively conducted many mass awareness campaigns like training programme for drivers , awareness campaigns for housewives , quiz , debate and painting competitions among school children across the state , conservation seminars in industries , auto emission check campaigns , etc . A Cycle Rally was also conducted with the support of Indian Institute of Technology ( IIT ) Bhubaneswar , to sensitize the masses about the conservation and efficient use of petroleum products towards achieving twin objectives of better health & environment and securing availability of Oil & Gas for future generations .
Winners of different competitions were rewarded during the function .
The vote of thanks given by Shri Susmit Das , State Head ( Retail ) , BPCL
Shri Manoranjan Behera , Manger ( TS ) , IndianOil had taken initiative and organized the whole event of one month programme on behalf of Oil Industry to make the event successful .
Bankers for months have offered optimism — nay , prayers — that commercial lending will shake off its doldrums . But their hopes have generally gone unrewarded as banks have relied on higher interest rates to compensate for tepid loan growth .
But Martin Richards , the head of corporate banking for HSBC USA , says they see something in the numbers on middle-market companies that justifies an upbeat attitude for 2018 . U.S. companies with annual sales of $ 50 million to $ 500 million are growing faster than their foreign peers , they said , and they have a lot of upsides if they more aggressively pursue international markets .
For that reason , London-based HSBC 's $ 191.9 billion-asset U.S. arm is making middle-market businesses a cornerstone of its broader growth plan , which includes expanding to new cities beyond its traditional bases in New York and San Francisco .
“ We 're in growth mode , ” says Richards , who describes customer attitudes as “ optimistic or at least sanguine . ”
They derive additional confidence from a survey HSBC recently conducted in conjunction with Oxford Economics . As part of their research , they surveyed 1,400 decision-makers at middle-market companies in 14 countries , including the U.S. , to get a sense of their priorities .
Among other findings , U.S. middle-market companies said their priorities lie in collaborating with external partners ( 50 % ) and finding financing ( 41 % ) . They are also slightly less confident in their local economy than non-U.S. companies ( 65 % versus 69 % ) , and a majority ( 59 % ) identified skill shortages as one of the biggest threats to their businesses .
In an interview with American Banker , Richards shared a little bit about what those results could mean for HSBC 's U.S. business . They also discussed the impact of U.S. policy fights over immigration and trade on customers ' attitudes . The following has been edited for length and clarity .
What were the most striking takeaways from the survey , from your point of view as a commercial banker ?
MARTIN RICHARDS : Two things — when we look at U.S. middle-market companies , they are growing faster than other middle-market companies around the world , about 5.6 % compared to the rest of the world being at about 4 % . Going forward , they believe they 're going to be up around 7.5 % versus the rest of the world getting up to 5 % . So you 're seeing growth faster than the GDP of the country , but also faster in the U.S. than in other countries . And the expectation is that growth will accelerate , and as it accelerates it will of course stay ahead of the GDP of the country .
The second thing is , even though those are some heady numbers , as far as U.S. middle-market growth goes , only 7 % of their revenue comes from international activity . As the globe gets smaller , we expect that number to get higher and higher .
We 're seeing more and smaller companies source or sell internationally , and as they do that , we feel that 's a real opportunity for us to add expertise around trade finance , financing , treasury management , foreign-exchange risk , all of the different areas that smaller companies need to consider when they go international .
If you 're a large multinational , you 've probably been overseas for decades and you have a large finance team built out . When you 're a smaller middle-market company , you might be going overseas for the first time , you might be going into a country for the first time , and you probably do n't have a large finance team to help you with all the concerns around setting up your treasury system , getting loans in the right currencies , exchange rates , etc .
Do you anticipate that banks will finally see some stronger growth in commercial loans this year ?
In my personal conversations with clients , most range from sanguine to optimistic , so not much pessimism . We would expect that to be a good growth year for the industry in banking and for HSBC particularly . Clients are optimistic .
On top of that , we also have the tax bill that 's just put in place , and there is potential for repatriation of cash , and we 've started some conversations with different clients about those , and some of the larger names are in the press about what they 're going to do .
It 's too early to actually tell right now , but I think if a lot of tax is repatriated in the short term , it could put pressure on banks ' loan balances . If you repatriate $ 100 million and you 've got $ 200 million on your revolver and you 're not going to spend it on the day you repatriate it , you pay down the revolver and deal with it later . I do think in the short term , there could be that . In the longer term , most clients seem to be optimistic and talking about growth plans , whether it 's expansion of plants or hiring people or moving into new markets . We 'd expect that increase in economic activity to drive loans and balances .
What is HSBC doing to drive more growth in commercial banking ?
I would say we have two major strategies . We 're very big right now on both coasts , between New York and San Francisco , but we still see real opportunity in a lot of other cities where we do n't have as big a market share , that have plenty of companies that have international operations or international aspirations . We 're trying to build out around L.A. , Chicago , greater Dallas , Atlanta and Boston . In all of those cities , we have people and we have clients , but we feel there 's a lot more opportunity for us to grow .
The second thing is , we think understanding our clients as they get into an industry and compare to their competitors helps us make better decisions on credit decisions . It also positions us to better serve the client because we understand what 's happening in their industry , why they might want or need a trade finance product or a supply-chain product . We know about their industry , and we know what 's happening
We 're focusing on 10 industries where we feel like we can make real differences for companies by having that extra expertise . And those are technology , apparel , nonbank financial institutions , professional services , auto , nonprofits and higher education , clean tech , food and beverage , med tech , and we also are covering venture capital firms here in the valley . We feel like those initiatives , one around industries and one around underdeveloped spots in the country , are where we 're putting our energy . That comes about in the form of hiring people , opening new offices , developing industry expertise , etc .
There 's a lot of optimism that the Trump administration will be friendly to the business community in terms of reg relief and tax reform , but we 're also hearing a lot of tough rhetoric around issues like trade and immigration . What impact does all that have on HSBC , and what are you hearing from some of your internationally minded clients ?
We have not experienced a slowdown in global trade , and we have not heard from our clients that they 're having trouble doing business in global trade . However , with the posture and the commentary — we do n't really know what 's going to happen .
I 'll take auto as an industry example . The supply chain for auto companies is so interwoven between Canada , Mexico and the U.S. , where you might have a manufacturer buying from a Tier 1 supplier down the street in Detroit , Mich. , who 's buying from a Tier 2 in Canada who 's buying from a Tier 3 in Mexico . Some of these industries are so intertwined and across border that if something were to happen , that were to make it harder to do business , it could be very impactful .
There 's a lot of talk , but I do n't think there has been any activity heretofore that has dampened actual performance yet .
Along those lines , HSBC 's survey identified a skills shortage as a potential business threat . Do you worry at all that tighter immigration policies could exacerbate that ?
I would say there is concern [ among clients ] about that . I 'm sitting here in San Francisco and one of the industries we cover is technology , and it 's a very skilled workforce that works in a lot of these technology firms . There are definitely concerns that if we had , and I 'll take the extreme , no one with visas from other countries allowed to come here , what would we do ? If we had no legal immigration , what would we do ? I 'm not saying we would get to that extreme , but there are definitely concerns about that .
I do n't know that we have a general skill shortage across the country and in all industries , and the reason you can kind of tell that is , we have n't started seeing the run up in wage inflation . But definitely in certain sectors and certain geographies , you 're starting to see that and I think that absolutely would be exacerbated if we were to dramatically cut down on skilled immigration , whether it be to universities or later after universities or if you were to just go straight to not allowing or granting visas to people coming in .
I would say that 's probably just like some of the NAFTA trade discussions : It 's heavily debated , but I 'm not sure we 've actually seen a dramatic change in what 's actually happening on the ground yet .
KANSAS CITY – Randy Gomez is the maintenance director at AT & T Park . They park their Dodge Charger in the private lot just beyond the oversized Coke bottle in left field .
When they returned to their car last Thursday , they found a mess of shattered glass . And they had Madison Bumgarner to thank for it .
“ I 've got the ball they hit , and it has a couple big scuff marks on it , ” said Gomez , whose car is in the shop to install a new sunroof . “ I would n't ask them to pay the bill . But if they could autograph the ball , hey , that would be pretty cool . ”
Bumgarner 's legend on the mound is well documented . Their next assignment on Wednesday will come in an interleague game against the Kansas City Royals , as they ascend the Kauffman Stadium mound for the first time since their historic , five-inning relief appearance in Game 7 of the World Series .
Bumgarner 's legend at the plate continues to build .
They added to their lumberjack lore April 2 , when they became the first pitcher in baseball history to hit two home runs on opening day . They connected against Arizona Diamondbacks ace Zack Greinke and then left-handed reliever Andrew Chafin .
They use a 34 ½-inch , 33 ½-ounce bat that is the biggest on the team , and was the model originally made for former masher Adam Dunn . They once appeared as a pinch hitter against Aroldis Chapman and fouled off a 100 mph heater before becoming the only pitcher ever to draw a walk against the flamethrowing reliever . Related Articles Giants fall 4-3 to the Rockies after Samardzija struggles early
Giants acquire minor league infielder from Texas Rangers
Giants outfielder Jarrett Parker looks headed for surgery ; Okert recalled
Giants manage just two hits , Parker breaks clavicle in 5-0 loss to Colorado Rockies
Giants ' Jarrett Parker suffers broken right clavicle while making stunning catch
Bumgarner 's trips to the plate are the most highly anticipated at AT & T Park since Barry Bonds retired . Their teammates stop everything to gawk at them during batting practice .
Last year , they mused about participating in the All-Star Home Run Derby . Before the talk could turn serious , the players ' union squashed it . And now ?
“ I probably wo n't do it , ” they said . “ Not after that debacle last year . I did n't even ask to do it . I got thrown in the conversation , and then you 're just listening to everyone run their mouth off . So forget that . ”
Bumgarner 's trips to the plate have a way of generating buzz .
In an interleague game at Oakland last season , when the Giants had a designated hitter and Bumgarner on the mound , Manager Bruce Bochy decided they would rather see their left-handed pitcher grab a bat instead of their limited bench choices . It was the first time since 1976 ( Ken Brett , Chicago White Sox ) that a major league manager intentionally gave up the DH to let their starting pitcher take a turn in the lineup . ( He probably wo n't hit for themselves in Kansas City , though . )
There have been some talented hitting pitchers in baseball history . But it 's hard to find one who matches Bumgarner 's power at the plate with their dominance on the mound .
Babe Ruth comes to mind…
“ That 's what we were calling him , ” said Buster Posey , after Bumgarner hit their two home runs at Arizona . “ We were calling them the Great Bambino in the dugout . ”
“ I mean , for us in the dugout , we 're just shaking our heads because it 's not supposed to be that easy , ” Posey said . “ He makes it look easy , but there 's a method to their madness . They work at it . They take it extremely seriously and the results are proof of that . ”
With their two homers on opening day , Bumgarner tied and passed the San Francisco Giants ' franchise record for career home runs by a pitcher . Bumgarner has hit 16 of them – all but two since 2014 , when they became a legitimate threat at the plate .
Ah , yes . That 's the part their legend tends to obscure . Just three years ago , Bumgarner was n't a very good hitter at all .
They might have won their North Carolina high school state title with a walk-off home run , but they did not arrive in the major leagues ready to be competitive at the plate . It 's something they have worked hard to refine .
“ I 've seen it a long time ago : our at-bats sometimes can be the difference in the game , ” said Bumgarner , after finishing up a round of ( you guessed it ) batting practice . “ Maybe not a lot of times , but hell , even if it 's just once a year , you 've seen the season come down to one game .
“ You do n't have to put that much work into it to get better at it . We take batting practice anyway . Why not take it serious ? ”
From 2009-13 , Bumgarner hit .138 with two home runs in 224 at-bats . They were downright terrible in 2013 , hitting .107 with no extra-base hits and 30 strikeouts in 56 at-bats .
But over the last three seasons , plus three games in 2017 , Bumgarner has a .229 average and a .449 slugging percentage . The Mets ' Noah Syndergaard ( .355 ) is a distant second with the next best slugging percentage by a pitcher over that span . The Cubs ' Jake Arrieta ( .314 ) ranks next .
Bumgarner 's slugging percentage since 2014 is even higher than that of Brandon Crawford ( .431 ) , who won a Silver Slugger award in 2015 . Bumgarner won their own pair of Silver Sluggers before Arrieta interrupted their reign last year , but he 's already off to a great start on seizing the award once again .
Bumgarner wants to do more than hit home runs , though .
“ I mean , I like hitting home runs , ” Bumgarner said . “ Obviously , anybody does , but I 'm trying at least to hit it hard . I 'm trying to catch it out front . But some days , I do n't know if you watched me in the cage today , but I hit a lot to center and to right-center . I did that because I wanted to see the pitch a little deeper for a day or two . That helps get you back on track . That 's really it . You take however you 're feeling and use BP to practice and adjust whatever you feel you need to adjust to . ”
Bumgarner said that it took them a few years to realize that consistent mechanics in the batter 's box are just as important as consistent mechanics on the mound .
“ I think it 's more approach than anything , ” they said . “ Before 2014 , it seems I would do something different every time : have a different approach , have a different stance . Whatever the case may be . Then I figured out an approach I liked and wanted to stick with . It works pretty good for me .
“ Pride gets in the way a lot of times . You hit two home runs on opening day , and you get to thinking you 'll hit home runs every time . ”
Giants hitting coach Hensley “ Bam Bam ” Meulens said Bumgarner 's biggest adjustment was to tone down their leg kick .
“ It 's a timing mechanism , and that is hard to maintain when you 're not playing every day , ” Meulens said . “ He 's still very aggressive . But he 's paying more attention to starting sooner and slower so they can get their foot down and recognize the pitch , and get after it .
“ You 've got to understand , he 's often going every fifth day against the best pitcher on the other team . A lot of times we 're scrambling to score runs . So their at-bat really can make the difference in a game . ”
While he 's swinging for the fences , opponents are throwing them more breaking pitches . They have come to expect curves and sliders when he 's ahead in the count , too . So Bumgarner is trying to stay a step ahead .
“ He 's better swinging at breaking balls this year already , ” Meulens said . “ He 's fouled a couple of good ones off , he 's taken a couple that are balls . He 's recognizing them better because their head is still . He 's slower and he 's more compact . It should give them better results . ”
Bumgarner also takes batting practice indoors on a special machine that throws curveballs . If they know it 's coming , they can hit them , too .
“ I do n't know what hitters do , but for me , being a pitcher , I usually have to get a pitch and guess right , ” Bumgarner said . “ For the most part , you 've got to be looking for a pitch and get it , and then just do n't miss it . ”
They did n't miss those two pitches on opening day . And a fan in the stands with a zoom lens caught their swing at the perfect moment : in the batter 's box , head down , a perfect line from their front foot through their hip , their arms fully extended and their black maple bat catching the baseball out in front .
Perfect form for a power hitter . Unbelievable form for a starting pitcher .
When the fan reached out to Bumgarner with the photo , they had a bunch printed up and used a silver-tipped pen to autograph them for their teammates .
Bumgarner knows how to treat their fans . And they know they have a bunch of them within their own clubhouse .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A discount chain that sells branded products at reduced prices is preparing to welcome its first customers through the door when it opens tomorrow .
TJ Morris , which owns retailer Home Bargains , has said that its new outlet at the Wyvern Retail Park , will open for business at 8.30am .
The firm has now revealed more details about the new store , which has been created inside a unit formerly occupied by Currys PC World .
It will have 15,000 sq ft of floor space , stocking thousands of household-named goods .
It will offer shoppers a range of products , including homeware , health and beauty essentials , sweets , snacks and drinks , as well as fresh and frozen food .
The business has spent £750,000 on the new store , which has created 50 new jobs .
Once the Wyvern Retail Park store opens it will be Home Bargains ' third Derby store . It already has outlets at Bradshaw Retail Park and in Moore Street , off Normanton Road .
Joe Morris , operations director at Home Bargains , said : “ We 're thrilled to be launching our third store in Derby and look forward to welcoming customers through the doors . ”
“ Wyvern Retail Park will be a great location for us and we 're proud to be able to offer local people top-branded goods at exceptionally low prices . ”
Once open , it will join other big name retailers at the Wyvern , which include Mothercare , Maplin and Homebase .
Home Bargains already has 450 outlets across the UK , which attract four million customers a week . The Wyvern store is part of the retailer plan to open around 50 new stores a year .
CHARLOTTESVILLE , Va. ( AP ) — An Ohio man accused of ramming their car into a crowd of protesters at a white nationalist rally in Virginia will remain in jail – at least until they have an attorney .
Judge Robert Downer declined to set bond at a hearing Monday for James Alex Fields Jr. , who faces second-degree murder and other charges , until they have legal representation .
The judge says the public defenders ' office informed them it could not represent Fields because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday 's protest . Downer said Charles Weber , a local attorney , will be appointed to represent the 20-year-old Fields .
The next scheduled court hearing is Aug. 25 , though Fields ' attorney could request a bond hearing before then .
Fields was not physically present in the courtroom but appeared via a video monitor . They were seated and wearing a black and white striped uniform . They answered questions from the judge with simple responses of “ Yes , sir ” when asked if they understood the judge .
They told the judge , “ No , sir ” when asked if they had ties to the community of Charlottesville .
Fields is charged in the death of Heather Heyer , 32 , of Charlottesville . They died when Fields allegedly slammed their car amid a crowd of people protesting the white nationalist rally Saturday . Fields was arrested shortly after and has been in custody ever since .
Fields was fascinated with Nazism , idolized Adolf Hitler , and had been singled out by school officials in the 9th grade for their “ deeply held , radical ” convictions on race , a former high school teacher said Sunday . They also confided that they had been diagnosed with schizophrenia when they were younger and had been prescribed an anti-psychotic medication , Derek Weimer said in an interview with The Associated Press .
In high school , Fields was an “ average ” student , but with a keen interest in military history , Hitler , and Nazi Germany , said Weimer , who said they were Fields ' social studies teacher at Randall K. Cooper high school in Union , Kentucky , in Fields ' junior and senior years .
“ Once you talked to James for a while , you would start to see that sympathy towards Nazism , that idolization of Hitler , that belief in white supremacy , ” Weimer said . “ It would start to creep out . ”
Police say Fields drove their silver Dodge Challenger through a crowd of protesters in Charlottesville , killing Heyer and wounding 19 other people . A Virginia State Police helicopter deployed in a large-scale police response to the violence then crashed into the woods outside of town and both troopers on board died .
Fields had been photographed hours earlier carrying the emblem of Vanguard America , one of the hate groups that organized the “ take America back ” campaign in protest of the removal of a Confederate statue . The group on Sunday denied any association with the suspect , even as a separate hate group that organized Saturday 's rally pledged on social media to organize future events that would be “ bigger than Charlottesville . ”
The mayor of Charlottesville , political leaders of all political stripes , and activists and community organizers around the country planned rallies , vigils and education campaigns to combat the hate groups .
They also urged President Donald Trump to forcefully denounce the organizations , some of which specifically cited Trump 's election after a campaign of racially charged rhetoric as validation of their beliefs .
Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced late Saturday that federal authorities would pursue a civil rights investigation into the circumstances surrounding the crash .
Weimer recalled that school officials had singled out Fields when they were in 9th grade for their political beliefs and “ deeply held , radical ” convictions on race and Nazism .
“ It was a known issue , ” they said .
Weimer said Fields left school for a while , and when they came back they were quieter about politics until their senior year , when politicians started to declare their candidacy for the 2016 presidential race . Weimer said Fields was a big Trump supporter because of what they believed to be Trump 's views on race . Trump 's proposal to build a border wall with Mexico was particularly appealing to Fields , Weimer said . Fields also admired the Confederacy for its military prowess , they said , though they never spoke about slavery .
As a senior , Fields wanted to join the army , and Weimer , a former officer in the Ohio National Guard , guided them through the process of applying , they said , believing that the military would expose Fields to people of different races and backgrounds and help them dispel their white supremacist views . But Fields was ultimately turned down , which was a big blow , Weimer said . Weimer said they lost contact with Fields after they graduated and was surprised to hear reports that Fields had enlisted in the army .
“ The Army can confirm that James Alex Fields reported for basic military training in August of 2015 , said Army spokesperson Lt. Col. Jennifer Johnson . “ He was , however , released from active duty due to a failure to meet training standards in December of 2015 , ” they said .
Fields ' mother , Samantha Bloom , told the AP late Saturday that they knew their son was going to Virginia for a political rally , but they had no idea it involved white supremacists .
“ I just told them to be careful , ” they said , adding they warned them that if there were protests “ to make sure he 's doing it peacefully . ”
( © Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
LOS ANGELES , CA - DECEMBER 08 : Jaylen Fisher # 0 of the TCU Horned Frogs drives to the basket as they are guarded by Lindsey Drew # 14 of the Nevada Wolf Pack during the Basketball Hall of Fame Classic at Staples Center on December 8 , 2017 in Los Angeles , California . ( Photo by Harry How/Getty Images )
Villanova is the new No . 1 in the AP Top 25 while Arizona State made a big leap after a tumultuous week in which half of the top 10 lost .
The Wildcats ( 10-0 ) were fourth but earned 41 of 65 first-place votes to hop over Michigan State , which earned 19 first-place votes to climb from third to second . They were the favorites to take over at the top following unanimous No . 1 Duke 's weekend loss at Boston College .
Wichita State climbed three spots to No . 3 , followed by Duke and Arizona State . The Sun Devils ( 9-0 ) jumped 11 spots and earned the other five first-place votes after winning at then-No . 2 Kansas to extend their best start since the 1974-75 season .
The Jayhawks fell to No . 13 after two losses .
As far as Texas teams go , Texas A & M fell two spots to No . 9 . TCU was the biggest mover , jumping six spots to No . 14 . Baylor rose two spots to No . 21 and Texas Tech returned to the poll at No . 24 .
Oklahoma , Texas and SMU all received votes but did not make the top 25 .
King Hamad bestowing Bahrain 's highest medal on Erdoğan
Manama : Bahrain and Turkey have signed a slew of accords to deepen their relations and broaden their cooperation .
The memoranda of understanding were signed in the presence of King Hamad Bin Eisa Al Khalifa and President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan who had arrived a few hours earlier in Bahrain on the first leg of their three-country four-day Gulf tour .
The cooperation agreements covered the military industry sector , education , and visa fee exemptions .
King Hamad in their welcome speech hailed Erdoğan 's visit to Bahrain , their “ second home ” saying that it reflected the “ robust fraternal ties ” and the “ growth of shared interests ” between the two countries .
“ Your tireless efforts and your pioneering initiatives to build the model Turkish state that seeks peace , progress , tolerance and moderation are appreciated and admired given their great significance to us and their compatibility with what we seek and consider as a reason to safeguard the stability of the Kingdom of Bahrain and the clarity and stability of its relationships and positions , as is the case in the sisterly country of Turkey , ” King Hamad said on Sunday evening .
The Bahraini monarch bestowed the Shaikh Eis Bin Salman Al Khalifa Medal , Bahrain 's highest distinction , on Erdoğan “ as an expression of gratitude from the Kingdom of Bahrain and its people , and in recognition of , and pride in , your venerable efforts and noble attitudes in the service and elevation of our Islamic nation and protection of our humanitarian achievements . ”
In their speech , Erdoğan addressed King Hamad as “ My dear brother , Abu Salman ” , the Arabic tradition of showing respect to a man by calling them after their eldest son 's name .
“ You stood with us during our most difficult days and you have held a highly significant place in our hearts , ” the Turkish leader told King Hamad who in August became the first Arab leader to visit Turkey following the failed coup attempt in July .
“ I accept the Shaikh Eisa Bin Salman Al Khalifa Medal as an icon of the fraternity between Turkey and Bahrain and it will have a distinctive significance in our shared history , ” they said . “ The Turkish-Bahraini fraternity will , God willing , sustain and cover all fields . Turkey will continue standing by Bahrain in good and bad times . I believe that we will work together for the stability , security and future of our region . ”
King Hamad said that Erdoğan 's visit reflected deep-rooted relations binding Bahrain and Turkey , stressing the two countries ' determination to expand cooperation .
`` The meeting with President Erdoğan represents a good opportunity to consult and exchange ideas concerning steadily-growing relations on all levels '' , they said , and hailed the “ constructive and fruitful talks which focused on current regional and international developments , particularly with the backdrop of the events unfolding in the region . ”
King Hamad underlined the crucial role of the two countries in consolidating security and stability in the region , hailing the talks that reflected a strong desire to bolster fraternal relations and explore the adequate ways to overcome problems and end crises which are ravaging the region .
They underscored “ the crucial importance of strengthening bilateral relations , mustering all efforts and expanding cooperation between all countries , particularly Turkey , a pivotal state which plays an influential role in the region . ”
Erdoğan is also visiting Saudi Arabia on February 13-14 and Qatar on February 14-15 .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Is today the day the twins are born ?
The internet is buzzing that singer Beyonce is in labor and the birth of their twins with husband and mogul Jay-Z is rapidly approaching .
EOnline gave this timeline of events that leads may to believe the Beyhive is getting two new members very soon .
Related : Danni 's Dish : Did Beyonce Have The Babies Yet ?
Fleet of Escalades Photographed Leaving the Couple 's Los Angeles Home : Photogs captured all-black Escalade SUVs leaving Bey and Jay 's neighborhood yesterday and driving straight to an L.A.-based hospital .
She 's Been Admitted to an L.A.-Based Hospital : Several sources have told E ! News that the singer has been admitted to an L.A.-based hospital where they likely checked in under an alias in order to prevent the media from tracking them down .
Security Has Ramped Up : With speculation that Bey has been admitted to a hospital somewhere in L.A. , the paparazzi has begun swarming some of the locations she 's believed to be staying . With more paparazzi comes more security , of course . Some sources even tell us she 's asked to have entire hospital floors cleared in order to protect them privacy .
The internets are talking as well
To say we are excited is an understatement
Alfie Potter was tonight celebrating their first goal in over a year and their first for Mansfield Town which earned the Stags another crucial point in a 1-1 draw with play-off rivals Luton Town .
Starting for the Stags for only the fourth time , they put them ahead in the first half before a Danny Hylton penalty pegged them back to leave Mansfield two points adrift of the play-offs with three games to go .
“ I 've waited a while . It 's been a while since I scored – over a year , ” they smiled .
Click HERE to read the match report
“ I had a good chance at Wycombe on Friday that I should have scored so I was delighted to put that one away today .
“ Exactly the same happened at Wycombe on Friday and I had the shot cleared off the line and followed it up , but could n't get it out my feet .
“ Today was the same and there were a lot of bodies to get through so I am just glad I concentrated on putting my foot through it and luckily it went in .
“ I thought we were really good first half . Second half maybe we came out a bit too slow and let them get back into the game .
“ But we went again and could have got a win in the end .
“ On the grand scheme of things , Luton are not a bad side and a point is n't the end of the world . We 're still in with a shout and while we 've got that chance we 're going to give it 100 per cent . ”
Potter was part of the side that won at Wycombe on Friday and said a four-point Easter haul was a decent return .
“ We 'd like to have won both games , especially after getting that win away from home on Friday . You want to win all your home games , ” they said .
“ But playing two sides in and around the play-offs it 's not a bad four points and keeps us alive .
“ We keep saying we ca n't keep dropping points but for one reason or another we 're still in with a shout . Everyone is dropping points .
“ They are three huge games left now and we have to go into them with the mindset of winning all three . These are the kind of games you want to be involved in .
“ Three points on Saturday and we 're right back in it . Stevenage have been on an unbelievable run but they are all tough games in this league . ”
They concluded : “ My main aim now is to stay in the team . I 've had to be patient and not played as many games as I 'd have liked . ”
In this semi-regular series , Petalumans tell the true tales of their beloved pets ( and even some not-so-beloved pets ) , from hitchhiking dogs to talkative birds . Have you got a great story about a pet you 've known and loved ? Drop a line with the basic details to David Templeton at david.templeton @ arguscourier.com . Please include contact info , and maybe even a photo . If we like what we see , your Petaluma Pet Story could be the next to appear in these pages .
Fifteen years ago , when Larry Schwartz got a call from their wife , Rose , informing them that they and their kids , Vince and Janelle , had just picked out a Basset Hound puppy — from a recent litter at Cardoza 's Pumpkin Farm — their first reaction was , shall we say , reserved .
“ I think I told her , ‘ Now , you do know we 're going to have this dog for a very long time , right ? ' ” they recall , with a laugh .
The Schwartzes are seated around their Petaluma dining room table , currently covered in photos of the sweet-faced Basset Hound they eventually named Nelly . Of their initial reluctance , Schwartz says , “ I just did the math , and figured that if we had them till the age of 11 or so , we were going to have this dog into our fifties . Besides , I kind of wanted a Labrador . ”
For Rose , however , the decision to adopt Nelly was instantaneous .
“ I just saw this little Basset Hound , ” they say , “ with those big eyes , and those long , floppy ears , and I just fell in love . But Larry had always had Labs , so I said , ‘ Let 's just pretend she 's a Labrador and do all the usual Lab things with her . ' And that 's what we did . They became our little ‘ Basset-Lab . ' That 's how we treated them We did everything with her , they went everywhere with us . ”
As the many photos on the table illustrate , Nelly went to the beach , and on long walks in the nearby fields . They accompanied the family on vacations . They went hiking in the woods . At home , Nelly occasionally broke out of the house to run their own reconnaissance missions around the neighborhood . They routinely tagged along to Little League baseball games , where Nelly became the team 's unofficial mascot . And on the 4th of July , they participated in the annual 4th of July Basset Hound Waddle , a popular event associated with Novato 's Independence Day Parade .
According to the Schwartzes , Nelly always stood out , immediately catching people 's attention . Motorists often slammed on their brakes to get a better look , whenever Nelly was out on walks with the family .
“ People would actually roll down their windows and shout , ‘ That 's the cutest dog I 've ever seen ! ' ” Larry says . “ She was pretty cute , and they had really long ears . When they were a puppy , she 'd trip over them all the time . I actually measured their ears once . They were two inches short of the Guinness Book record of the world 's longest dog ears . They were like , eleven and a half inches long . Whenever she 'd drink water , their ears would end up in the water dish , and she 'd have water just dripping from their ears . ”
Larry lifts up a photo of Nelly , as a puppy , asleep in a basket , curled up on a pile of “ beanie baby ” stuffed animals . It 's clearly a favorite photo .
“ That was the first night we got her , ” says Janelle . “ She loved my beanies . ”
Asked to describe Nelly 's personality , everyone tosses out different adjectives , each word connected by a clear theme .
“ She was stubborn , ” laughs Rose . “ Stubborn and mischievous . ”
“ Pushy , ” says Janelle . “ And smart . They were always getting what they wanted , one way or another . ”
“ She was tenacious , ” adds Larry . “ She 'd howl to be let out , and two minutes later she 'd howl to be let back in . And no matter how much you wanted to just stay where you were , you had no choice . You had to get up and give them what they wanted . ”
It was a weekend of highs and lows for Wilvo Yamaha 's Arnaud Tonus at their home Grand Prix at Frauenfeld-Gachnang .
On Saturday , it was announced that Tonus would represent their home country at the 2017 Motocross of Nations in the MXGP class . Less than 24 hours later , Tonus held off Max Anstie to claim their first ever Grand Prix moto win .
In the second moto , Tonus crashed on the new loop section and was hit by Suzuki 's Arminas Jasikonis as they tried to return to their bike . The incident resulted in a broken rib .
“ What a weekend ! First i want to thanks all of the swiss fans you were absolutely amazing , i could really feel your energy and the support thru the races , it was crazy ! , ” Tonus wrote on Instagram . “ Winning the first moto at home was a feeling that you can not describe . Unfortunately i broke one rib in the second moto and could not finish the race but i will be back , i will keep the positive and move on . ”
It has not been determined if Tonus will compete this weekend at the Grand Prix of Sweden .
A 43-year-old man who had been arguing with their girlfriend lost consciousness and died after the woman 's 18-year-old son tried to intervene , authorities say .
Police got a call about an assault in progress at the University Avenue home in the Bronx around 4:30 a.m. Monday and found the 43-year-old man unresponsive at the scene . They were taken to a hospital , where they were pronounced dead .
A preliminary investigation indicates the dead man had gotten into a physical fight with their 43-year-old girlfriend .
Cops say the girlfriend 's 18-year-old son tried to intervene and ended up in a physical confrontation with the 43-year-old man . It was during that confrontation that the 43-year-old man lost consciousness , according to police , though it was n't clear if it was due to some sort of medical emergency or another cause .
The 18-year-old man was taken into custody ; information on possible charges has not been released . The girlfriend had minor injuries and refused medical attention at the scene . Police say the investigation is ongoing .
Miami Police have arrested a man accused of stealing a violin from a local musician .
Miami Police arrested 51-year-old Matthew Fein in connection to the burglary of Nicole Yarling ‘ s car , Wednesday .
According to police , Fein used a crowbar to shatter the window of Yarling 's Kia Soul after they went inside a Publix to do some shopping .
Police said a witness saw Fein burglarizing the car and took several photographs of Fein as they stole the violin and several other items .
Detectives later tracked Fein down and identified them through the photos taken by the witness .
Fein was taken into custody and charged with burglary of an unoccupied structure and grand theft .
Police said Fein pawned Yarling 's belongings . However , they were later retrieved and have been returned to them
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Right off the bat , let 's all take this one with a heavy dose of salt . Retailer listings are pretty hit-or-miss when it comes to predicting actual product availability .
That being said , Best Buy has a listing up for both colors of the Google Home Max that declares quite confidently that the devices will become available for shipping on December 13th . For those keeping score , that is this upcoming Wednesday .
Up to this point , we still only have a “ Join Waitlist ” option from Google 's own store . Google never really lets dates out via their storefront , so I 'm not surprised by that . Likely we wo n't see a change in that status until the device has been officially announced and Google 's emails have gone out .
Here 's a link to the listings at Best Buy , so if you want to go ahead and place your order , Best Buy is promising a December 13 shipping date . Again , they can literally put any date they choose there and simply say “ oops ” if it does n't work out .
Are you excited about the Google Home Max ? Are you ready to pull the trigger on one ?
I know we are eagerly trying to get our hands on one from Google for review , so when we do , we 'll be posting our Unboxing and Hands-On videos as soon as we can !
Shop Chromebooks On Amazon
NEW YORK — Sinclair Broadcast Group will sell nine TV stations to Standard Media Group for $ 441.7 million as part of its plan to meet regulatory approval for its pending $ 3.9 billion acquisition of Tribune Media .
The sale of the stations is contingent on the Tribune deal closing . Sinclair said it expects that deal to close by the end of the second quarter .
The moves come after Sinclair received widespread attention after news reports earlier in April showed dozens of Sinclair news anchors reading an identical script expressing concern about “ one-sided news stories plaguing the country. ” At the time , President Donald Trump tweeted their support of the network .
The stations include one each in Oklahoma , Michigan , North Carolina , Virginia and Iowa and four in Pennsylvania .
Sinclair owns 193 stations across the country .
RIYADH - Two assailants stabbed to death a traffic police officer in the western Saudi Arabian city of Taif and then exchanged gunfire with security forces at a nearby National Guard facility , a local newspaper reported on Thursday .
The attackers stole the police officer 's vehicle and service weapon before entering the military site , according to online news site Sabq , which is seen as close to the authorities . One attacker was wounded and detained while the other one fled , the report said .
Sabq reported additional injuries among the security forces without providing details .
The Interior Ministry did not immediately respond to requests for comment .
Taif is perched in the mountains just east of Mecca , the holiest site in Islam .
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
Odisha : BJD supremo Naveen Patnaik holds talk with party leaders of Ganjam , Mayurbhanj , Balasore & Bolangir districts over Panchayat Polls
Bhubaneswar : BJD supremo and Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik holds talk with party leaders of Ganjam , Mayurbhanj , Balasore & Bolangir districts over Panchayat Polls .
As part of the process , party supremo and Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik started holding discussions with party MPs , MLAs and observers at their residence on Monday .
On the first day , Patnaik had a discussion with the Ministers , MPs , MLAs , observers and senior party leaders from Ganjam , Mayurbhanj , Balasore & Bolangir districts . The meeting discussed about strategies to wrest all seats in the district . The Chief Minister asked the party leaders to work in coordination with all party workers .
One Denver Nuggets fan was a little too hype when their team won against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Thursday .
Here 's what happened…
Right before the buzzer was about to sound , Nuggets player Gary Harris shot a three pointer allowing their team to win against OKC in the nick of time .
One fan was so hype about the play , they decided to run onto the court and rub it in Russell Westbrook ‘ s face . The OKC player was not having it .
As soon as the fan intruded their space , they shoved them out the way and gave the classic Russell Westbrook face .
This fan got a little too hyped in front of Russ 😳 pic.twitter.com/38kggJ5AIq — Bleacher Report ( @ BleacherReport ) February 2 , 2018
No chill .
Russell had more to say about the matter back in the locker room .
After last night 's postgame altercation with a fan , Russell Westbrook was n't happy . pic.twitter.com/t3L3TTj1hA — SportsCenter ( @ SportsCenter ) February 2 , 2018
Many on social media acknowledged how lucky the fan was to not get hurt .
i do n't know why these cats think they ca n't get dropped https : //t.co/TanAHqWejm — El Flaco ( @ bomani_jones ) February 2 , 2018
Next time , they might want to keep their excitement to their seat , or Russell might give them more than a shove .
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
Regional momentum sees Ascender add Time & Attendance capabilities to its portfolio in line with 2020 growth strategy
TOKYO , JAPAN -- ( Marketwired - Feb 14 , 2017 ) - Ascender announced today it has acquired Workcloud , a leading Payroll and Time & Attendance ( T & A ) services provider in Japan .
This transaction will strengthen Ascender 's position as the market leader in HR & payroll software and services across Asia-Pacific by specifically accelerating its growth in Japan . Ascender is now servicing over 3,000 clients and over 1.7m employees in ANZ and the Asia-Pacific region .
`` This acquisition positions Ascender as a leader in innovation for multi-national HR and Payroll services in Japan -- a critical market in the Asia-Pacific region . As well as complementing Ascender 's overall growth strategy and vision , this acquisition also allows us to build on existing market momentum and experience to support our customers with the best products and services . Workcloud has a modern web technology platform which we look forward to building upon as we continue to innovate and expand into Japan , '' says Marjukka Mäki-Hokkonen , CEO of Ascender .
This acquisition is aligned to Ascender 's 2020 strategy to become an Asia-Pacific leader in payroll and HR services . As part of the transaction , Ascender will ensure continuity of the acquired Payroll and T & A operations , service agreements and software development .
Following the transaction , Brian Tsai , Workcloud 's CEO & Founder , will become the Country Director of Ascender Japan and will be instrumental in leading the business in the market . `` Ascender 's vision to be the leading HR & payroll services company in Asia resonates with the core values and culture of Workcloud , making this a natural step for us . Ascender is commited to client satisfaction alongside innovation , and our strategic partnership will allow us to leverage the best technology available across the network to meet evolving customer needs , '' says Brian Tsai .
About Ascender : Founded in 2003 , Ascender offers advanced payroll service solutions using SaaS , co-managed and fully-managed delivery options . Our proprietary platforms allow us to seamlessly tackle very large , complex clients that require process re-engineering , process standardization and automation , and extended payroll services . We are the leader in Asia Pacific multi-country solutions , enabling consolidated reporting and multiple language and currency capabilities . Headquartered in Australia , we have 700 highly trained employees that provide services in up to 31 languages , in 19 countries through 12 delivery centres . Together , our team serves 3,000 client entities and their 1 million employees .
Ascender was acquired in 2015 by a consortium led by Potentia and including Five V Capital . Visit ascender.co.jp for more information .
About Workcloud : Workcloud was founded in 2014 with a vision to provide small-to-medium size businesses in Japan with a service that integrates management of all aspects of HR operations into an easy-to-use , beautiful platform . While so many services focus on the HR administrators , Workcloud brings a B2C user experience that is focused on a company 's employees .
SEATTLE , WA - MAY 30 : Reliever Keone Kela # 50 of the Texas Rangers delivers a pitch during the ninth inning of a game against the Seattle Mariners at Safeco Field on May 30 , 2018 in Seattle , Washington . The Rangers won 7-6 . ( Photo by Stephen Brashear/Getty Images )
SEATTLE -- The Rangers will bid farewell to a mostly lousy May on Thursday but there has been one significant development .
All of a sudden , the bullpen is functioning like an asset .
For a team in their situation -- which is seller-in-waiting -- this qualifies as very good news . The young relievers in the bullpen are establishing themselves as reliable long-term options . The veterans are perhaps creating trade value . And when there are close games to be had , the relievers are giving the Rangers a chance to win .
In Wednesday 's 7-6 win over Seattle , four relievers combined to pick up Matt Moore and allow the Rangers to come from behind for their second straight win over a team that entered the day with a chance to move into first place in the AL . It was a similar script to the one the Rangers followed Tuesday .
`` It has been as good a performing area of the club as we 've had , '' manager Jeff Banister said . `` There have been a lot of different reasons , but guys have been able to settle back into role and we 've been able to create matchups to use guys when we want to . ''
Since May 5 , the bullpen has a 2.87 ERA and has held hitters to a .229 batting average . There is a distinct correlation to more strikes . Rangers relievers are averaging 2.73 strikeouts per walks in that time frame compared to 2.41 over the first five weeks of the season .
Benedict Cumberbatch has starred in the titular role of BBC 's amazing television series Sherlock since 2010 . New research from Ancestry.com has confirmed that Cumberbatch is related to the original author of the Sherlock Holmes publications , Arthur Conan Doyle . The two are 16th cousins , twice removed .
Ancestry.com was not asked to dig into the backgrounds of either Cumberbatch or Doyle , but researchers at the website are fans of the series , as well as historical puzzles that may link seemingly two random individuals . Lisa Elzey , family historian at Ancestry , explained that “ Making family history connections is similar to piecing together a mysterious puzzle , one that the great Sherlock Holmes themselves would be intrigued to solve . ”
Their common ancestor was John of Gaunt , the duke of Lancaster and the fourth son of King Edward III of England . John of Gaunt was Doyle 's 15th great-grandfather and Cumberbatch 's 17th great-grandfather .
Ancestry.com has not yet told Cumberbatch of their suprise relation .
Via Fox News
Please tell us why ( optional )
This is an experimental feature . Give us your feedback . Thank you for your feedback .
The pressure on British corner shops has been highlighted by store chain Nisa , which revealed sales growth lagging the broader grocery market .
The wholesaler on Friday reported that like-for-like sales increased 0.8 per cent in the six months to October 1 , lower than the rate of inflation and the sector as a whole . However , overall revenues grew faster as it attracted new store owners .
Kantar Worldpanel has reported that supermarket sales jumped 3.6 per cent in the 12 weeks to September 10 .
Scunthorpe-based Nisa is in exclusive talks with the Co-operative Group over a £140m takeover bid .
On Friday Nisa appointed an interim chief executive , Arnu Misra , to replace Nick Read , who stepped down on September 29 . Mr Misra is a non-executive director of the business and has worked for Asda and Matalan .
Nisa has 1,400 members who jointly own its wholesale business and operate more than 3,000 shops under its brand . The group also supplies companies , including leisure groups Center Parcs and Butlins , with cooking ingredients and ready meals .
The UK convenience sector has attracted the attention of some of the biggest UK grocers , including Tesco and J Sainsbury , which are looking to muscle in on the market .
Tesco is attempting to buy Booker , the biggest convenience wholesaler , while Sainsbury 's has also made a bid for Nisa .
Seven wholesalers on Friday sought to block the proposed deal between Tesco and Booker . They wrote to the Competition and Markets Authority urging the watchdog not to approve the £3.7bn takeover .
The tie-up “ threatens the survival of the independent retailer ” they said because Tesco , which already has a 29 per cent share of the retail grocery market , would be able to dictate terms to suppliers and get lower prices .
“ Tesco will have incontestable power over the procurement of all grocery categories in the UK . Suppliers will find it even harder to resist Tesco 's demands , ” they wrote .
The signatories were Today 's Wholesale Services , Spar , Bestway , Bidfood , Landmark , Confex and Sugro , who together account for 60 per cent of the market .
The CMA is expected to issue its findings on the proposed deal in December .
Analysts expect Booker to report a 2.7 per cent sales rise when it reports results next Thursday .
For Nisa , any deal with the Co-op would have to be agreed by its members .
The group on Friday announced that total sales in the first half rose to £728m , up 12.4 per cent . Like-for-like sales were £505m , up 0.8 per cent , excluding tobacco . Like-for-like tobacco sales fell 2.7 per cent .
There were 409 new stores , and a net increase of 188 in the period , compared with a fall the year before . Nisa did not give any more financial information .
Chairman Peter Hartley said the performance represented “ strong trading ” .
They said Mr Misra had “ a wealth of retail experience and is ideally placed to lead Nisa as we seek to optimise the service , benefits and opportunities we can bring our members ” .
Priyanka Chopra and their boyfriend Nick Jonas were in India last week and the duo ended up having one helluva time . First , they were at their housewarming ceremony in Mumbai and then flew to Goa for a holiday with Parineeti Chopra and then attended Akash Ambami and Shloka Mehta 's mehendi and engagement ceremony in Mumbai as well . Now that the couple are in the US , they decided to step out for a night and were instead greeted by many fans on the streets . Priyanka and Nick , patiently stood for selfies and even hugged the fans in the end .
Also , just a few days ago , Nick Jonas held a concert in Brazil and Priyanka Chopra was standing across the stage cheering for him . They also posted several clips of the concert on their Instagram stories and even captioned one story with a heart symbol saying `` Him '' . Check out the pictures of Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas patiently posing for selfies with fans on the streets below ...
Desi Girls Two beautiful desi girls , Priyanka Chopra and a fan , look spectacular and so full of happiness here ! Such A Lucky Girl A fan posed with Nick Jonas on the streets and the one who clicked this picture is none other than Priyanka Chopra herself . The Best Moment Priyanka Chopra also hugged their fan in the end while Nick Jonas patiently stood and watched . Fan Moment Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas date night ended being a selfie and pictures night for the fans . The Cool Nick Jonas If posing for pictures were not enough , fans zoomed in on Nick Jonas and shared their pictures online as well .
Global Grind
Somebody needs to get Demille Cole-Heard a budget so they can make this happen .
I would spend my life savings to see this in theatres . pic.twitter.com/yzVB1U1VGy — DJ HD™ ( @ djHDliketheTV ) December 11 , 2017
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
Shooting Stars Sports Club ( 3SC ) of Ibadan says it has released 20 out of the 40 players they registered for the last Nigeria Professional Football League ( NPFL ) season .
The club 's management , in a statement in Ibadan by its Media Officer , Jubril Arowolo said this was part of their ongoing restructuring programme .
Tidesports source gathered that 3SC were , after the 2016/2017 season , relegated from the NPFL to the Nigeria National League ( NNL ) for the 2017/2018 season .
The statement disclosed that the decision to release the players and place them in the transfer market was taken after evaluating the performances of every player in the team .
It listed players retained to include Abubakar Adamu , Michael Uweru , Kayode Bankole , Seun Akinyemi , Alaba Osawe , Omololu Waheed , Opeyemi Adetoyi , Oginni Olatubosun , Ayobami Abiodun ( Jnr ) , Shile Ibrahim and Sunday Faleye .
Others are Jide Apena , Abayomi Adebayo , Rafiu Wasiu , Shittu Taiwo , Isiaq Rafiu , Ajani Ibrahim , Kunle Olukokun , Bode Daniel and Sherrif Sanda .
“ The club 's remaining 20 players , whose names did not appear on the list , have been placed on transfer and will not be part of the team when the new season commences , ” the statement announced .
It added that a number of new players would be added to the list of the players retained after a thorough screening , for the list of players for the 2017/2018 season .
The statement went further to disclose that the club 's management had woken up to the realities of its team playing in the NNL next season .
“ We will do everything possible to return to the NPFL within the shortest period .
“ The evaluation of the team however continues , and fans will see a better and improved Shooting Stars next season , ” it said .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
By Onozure Dania
KOKO — A socio-political pressure group in in Delta State , Developmental Advocates of Warri North , DAWN , has challenged immediate past governor of the state , Dr. Emmanuel Uduaghan , to declare for Delta South senatorial seat ahead of the 2019 polls .
In a communiqué after an emergency meeting of the group at Koko , headquarters of Warri North Local Government Area of the state , DAWN said the call on Uduaghan to contest the senatorial seat became necessary after a committee it set up to study potential aspirants for the position recommended them based on their antecedents in peace building and achievements in the public offices .
The communiqué by Inojulagho Amaju , Coordinator , and Ayonuwe Clifford , Lead , Grassroots Education , said : “ We reserve the right to be represented by intellectuals , who will return the respect we are almost losing at the national stage .
“ The 7.6-kilomete Umeh Road in Isoko , which ended 30 years of abandonment of the agrarian community , the Abigborodo Bridge project in Warri North , Ugbenu Koko Road , the zero to five years free health care delivery programme across the state and the revolutionary Uduaghan Park , which brought transportation across Delta State to an easy and comfortable ride with the lowest fares are Uduaghan 's achievements that make them eminently qualified to vie for the legislative position in 2019 .
“ Also , the 10 model schools in the three senatorial districts of Delta State , the construction/renovation of hundreds of schools , the introduction of EDUMARSHAL to ensure downtrodden children go to school free of charge and payment of enrolment fees for SSCE candidates are some other reasons that informed our decision to back Uduaghan to go to the Senate . ”
NASHVILLE — Country star Eric Church says they felt “ broken ” after the Las Vegas massacre . So they tried to fix it the only way they know how — with music .
Church wrote a song called “ Why Not Me , ” which they performed during their show Wednesday at the Grand Ole Opry , and dedicated it to the victims and survivors of the shooting .
Church had performed at the Route 91 Harvest Festival two days before 58 people were killed there . The senseless deaths of so many people — many of them their fans — was weighing them down .
“ That night something broke in me , ” said Church , near tears . “ And the only way I 've ever fixed anything that 's been broken in me is with music . ”
They told the crowd they were inspired to write “ Why Not Me ” after thinking about their fans who perished in the violence .
“ I saw that crowd . I saw 'em with their hands in the air . I saw 'em with boots in the air , ” they said . “ What I saw , that moment in time that was frozen , there 's no amount of bullets that can take it away . ”
They also said the song was for two people who were n't in the Grand Ole Opry crowd to hear it — Sonny and Heather Melton .
“ Last night , somebody sent me a video , of a lady named Heather Melton , ” they said . “ And they were talking to Anderson Cooper on CNN . And they had on our ‘ Church Choir ' tour shirt . And they said ‘ What brought you to Vegas ? ' And they go , ‘ We went there to see Eric Church . ' Because it was Sonny 's , their husband that died , it was their guy . ‘ And we went there to see their guy . ' And then they said we have tickets for the Grand Ole Opry tomorrow night . ”
Church pointed out two empty seats in Section 3 , Row F .
“ There are some empty seats . That 's their seats , ” said Church , their voice filled with emotion . “ The reason I 'm here , the reason why I 'm here tonight is because of Heather Melton , their husband Sonny who died and every person who was there . ”
Country singer and songwriter Maren Morris also released a song with Vince Gill called “ Dear Hate. ” Proceeds raised on iTunes will go to the Music City Cares Fund .
Due to the overwhelming response , `` Dear Hate '' will be available on iTunes Friday with proceeds going to the Music City Cares Fund . — MAREN MORRIS ( @ MarenMorris ) October 3 , 2017
Morris said they wrote the song three years ago and recorded it last year . The singer and songwriter said they never knew when she 'd put it out , but decided to do so Monday .
LAS VEGAS , NV -- ( Marketwired - Apr 18 , 2017 ) - StereoVision Entertainment , Inc. ( OTC PINK : SVSN ) , a publicly traded Nevada company , announced today their majority owned medical cannabis and organic hemp subsidiary CannaVision has named Master Agronomist Marc Ellenby to their Advisory Board with immediate effect .
`` With our entering the global hemp industry we 're very fortunate to have Marc Ellenby spearheading the effort , '' said CannaVision President Marla Mahloch . `` Marc 's extraordinary education in agriculture beginning with a bachelor 's degree in liberal arts and sciences from the University of Illinois continuing with botany and horticulture studies at Clemson and culminating with a Master 's degree in agriculture and horticulture from the University of Florida , and their vast experience with a wide variety of greenery including for the last thirty years as owner of LNB Groves 190 acres of tropical fruit orchards in Homestead , Florida . Demonstrating permaculture principals , Marc 's bamboo agro-forestry project in Belize grows 75 acres of bamboo and perennial tropical crops amidst 1900 acres of tropical rainforest and wildlife habitat which has allowed Marc to achieve unsurpassed levels of quality in ecological farming and regenerative agriculture . In discussing upcoming Earth Day events Marc likes to say on their farms every day is Earth Day . Marc has worked with the University of Florida 's satellite campus near Homestead for almost thirty years . Upon a positive outcome with the industrial hemp bill now in front of Florida 's legislature we will be well positioned to participate in an industrial hemp pilot program . ''
StereoVision ( http : //stereovision.com ) Headquartered in Las Vegas , StereoVision is a publicly traded Nevada company focused on creating , acquiring , and producing multimedia content with its media subsidiaries the majority owned family entertainment company Inspirational Vision Media ( http : //ivmi.biz ) and the wholly owned 9 time Emmy Award winning production company REZN8 , ( http : //rezn8.com ) and the majority owned medical cannabis and organic hemp subsidiary , MediCannaVision Inc. , dba CannaVision . ( http : //cannavisionclinics.com )
Safe Harbor Statement : Except for historical information , this news release may contain `` Forward-looking statements '' within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 , Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended .
Miranda Lambert is speaking out about refusing to do press for their post-Blake Shelton divorce album , `` The Weight of These Wings , '' because they knew she 'd be asked about Blake 's relationship with Gwen Stefani and they are n't having it !
Miranda spoke to HITS Daily Double about the whole ordeal .
“ I came into [ manager ] Marion [ Kraft 's ] office and said , ‘ I 'm not speaking to anyone until they hear this record , ' ” they said . “ It was going to be hell , and I 'd already been through hell , ” they continued . “ It was hell putting it on paper , putting my words on paper . So I did n't want to rehash . I 'd finally gotten to a place where I was n't sad anymore … It would 've set up some expectation that could n't be met . I was very publicly going through this thing , and there was n't an explanation to be given . ”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Of course , the first press call they had was about , you guessed it , Gwen and Blake !
“ I got on the phone for the first interview . First question was , ‘ How do you feel about Gwen ? ' I hung up , ” they said . “ I told Marion , ‘ I just ca n't do this . ' What was in the music was real , and I wanted people to get it from that . Take from it what they would . Then if I needed to talk , I would . But I have n't really until now . ”
And talking , they are ! The 34-year-old country superstar opened up about where they are in their life right now .
“ I am who I am . I am honest about being flawed . That 's all I can be , you know ? I cuss . I drink . I get divorced and get my heart broken . I break hearts . I ca n't do or be that anymore , or it 'll drive me crazy . I wo n't be good anymore , ” they shared . “ I felt , maybe , a different kind of fear than any other record . It was really my life 's work and my life 's story . But there was also relief , I was thankful to let the music do what the music does — and to allow myself that . ”
School years across the country are coming to an end , which means there are some fun events like student-teacher basketball games .
For Elijah Johnson , they got the best of their teacher and then some in that game . Really , check out this crossover .
Broke my teacher😂 A post shared by 🌴Elijah Johnson🌴 ( @ yvngtrae ) on Apr 14 , 2017 at 1:59pm PDT
Johnson wrote :
“ Broke my teacher😂 ”
Yes , they did .
Not only did Johnson send their teacher flying with an ankle-breaking crossover , but they also made the shot . That 's cold-blooded .
Basically , teachers should always beware of crossovers .
A few weeks ago Top Dawg took to IG to announce they were pulling SZA off the tour to rest their voice , per doctors orders .
Last night in NYC , SZA hit the stage sounding …well…
SZA went on to tweet and delete this :
Prayerfully after proper fluids and months of rest , SZA can make music again.Take the Summer off .
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
Harper , one of the biggest sports stars in D.C. , probably rubs a lot of their own fans the wrong way by supporting the Washington Redskins ' biggest rival .
It was a big enough deal to actually earn it 's own segment during CSN Mid-Atlantic 's SportsTalk Live .
Brian Mitchell , former NFL running back who played for every NFC East team not named the Cowboys , had this to say about Harper .
Mitchell : `` Someone was smart enough to tell him , 'While you 're in D.C. and you 're attending different games , where a team from D.C. ' When they go back home he 's going to resort back to what he 's always been . He 's a Cowboys fan , and I think Cowboys fans should be pissed off that he 's wearing Redskins gear . That 's the way I look at it . ''
An example of Harper in Redskins gear - their famous selfie with an unaware young fan wearing their jersey right in front of him .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
It promises to be another big summer of spending for Liverpool as Jurgen Klopp looks to continue their rebuilding at Anfield .
The fans expectations are high , and so are the manager 's .
Our colleagues at the Mirror have reported below on the latest transfer news from Anfield .
Liverpool have reportedly tabled a £25m bid for Napoli midfielder Piotr Zielinski .
The Pole has been linked with Liverpool for some time but a deal has failed to materialise .
But according to Il Mattino , the Reds have launched a bid for Zielinski .
Tottenham are also keen on the midfielder but Napoli are ready to reject a move .
It is suggested the Serie A side want around £60m for the player .
Salah selling price
Liverpool have been told to add another £10million onto their bid to land Mohamed Salah — or forget it , writes David Maddock .
The Reds have resurrected talks with the winger 's club , Roma , after having an initial bid of more than £26m turned down .
But on Wednesday , as ­negotiations intensified and were confirmed by their sporting director Monchi , Liverpool were warned that “ Roma is not a ­supermarket ” and the Italians will set the price .
We understand that the price is around £35.5m — and the ­Premier League side will be told it is a take-it-or-leave-it deal for the Egypt international , who has been identified by Jurgen Klopp as the pacy wideman their system needs .
READ MORE HERE .
Ruben Neves
Liverpool and Chelsea will face off for Porto midfielder Ruben Neves , according to A Bola in Portugal .
Neves , 20 , has already skippered their club and is one of the most highly-rated youngsters in Europe .
Their deal has just two years remaining contains a buyout clause of €40million and according to the Portuguese outlet , they are already intimating that they want to follow Andre Silva through the exit door .
Neves are currently on Under-21 duty with Portugal and both Chelsea and the Reds are said to be keen on bringing them to the Premier League .
Wisdom
Andre Wisdom is set to join Derby - after Liverpool agreed a £4.5m switch for the defender .
Full-back Wisdom has made 22 senior appearances for the Reds , having arrived from Bradford as a teenager in 2008 , as reported by the Liverpool Echo .
Wisdom has spent the last four seasons on loan - with stints at the Rams , West Brom , Norwich and Red Bull Salzburg .
Read more
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LAMAR TOWNSHIP , Pa. — A man and woman believed to be high on bath salts started firing bullets into the sky to chase away “ alien lasers , ” which were actually fireflies , according to Pennsylvania State Police .
Troopers say just after midnight on Saturday , Jesse Shields fired a .357 Magnum handgun at the “ lasers , ” according to the Centre Daily Ties .
Shields and Katherine McCloskey , fearing they were being chased , ran to a nearby home , according to WNEP . Someone inside the Clinton County house called 911 .
The duo then ran to a neighboring home where the homeowner took away their gun , police said . Shields allegedly asked that homeowner if they could take a shower to “ get the goo off them that was burning their skin . ”
Troopers showed up and arrested Shields and McCloskey , both of Mill Hall . They each face charges of felony burglary , a felony criminal trespassing , disorderly conduct and public drunkenness , according to the Centre Daily Times . McCloskey also faces a count of misdemeanor DUI .
Shields faces additional felony counts of carrying a firearm without a license and recklessly endangering another person . They also face several other misdemeanor charges – unlawful possession , possession of drug paraphernalia and two added summary charges .
Both are now being held at Clinton County Correctional Facility ahead of their July 10 preliminary hearing .
GAINESVILLE Fla. ( WSVN ) — Richard Spencer , a white supremacist and self-proclaimed leader in the White Nationalist movement may be speaking at the University of Florida in September .
Spencer has said their organization , the National Policy Institute , is an “ independent organization dedicated to the heritage , identity , and future of people of European descent in the United States . ”
In a letter to the school community , University President W. Kent Fuchs said no group asked for or sponsored Spencer 's speaking engagement , but the university is still obligated to let them appear since their organization reserved space at the school for the event .
“ This organization is unaffiliated with the university , and no student groups or other groups affiliated with the university are sponsoring this speech . This event is not finalized , and it is still under discussion , ” Fuchs wrote . “ While this speaker 's views do not align with our values as an institution , we must follow the law , upholding the First Amendment not to discriminate based on content and provide access to a public space . ”
The event — if it happens — is scheduled to take place on Sept. 12 .
Those opposed to the visit have already taken to social media to protest Spencer 's visit .
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
A new survey has revealed that Newcastle Airport is the nation 's finest according to British holidaymakers .
Out of the 30 airports across the country , Newcastle 's gateways were voted the UK 's favourite , largely due to the airport 's helpful staff and superb facilities .
The survey , conducted by flight delay compensation company Flightdelays.co.uk , asked respondents to rank the country 's airports by the quality of their facilities , their shops and restaurants , their staff , how quick the service is , how assessable it is and even its cleanliness .
Out of the many who had made the trip North to Newcastle Airport , under a third ( 29 % ) claimed that it was their favourite . The airport scored over 3.5 out of 5 ( with 5 being excellent ) on all categories .
FlightDelays.co.uk revealed that the second most popular airport also belonged to the North of England , with Manchester Airport being pipped to top spot by Newcastle . Manchester Airport was also revealed to be the nation 's third most visited airport .
Birmingham and Bristol airports came joint third in the nation 's poll , tying with 23 % .
London airports were found to be largely unpopular amongst the public , with despite having 14.6 million passengers a year , Luton Airport only received a measly 17 % of the votes .
Luton was followed respectively by other unpopular choices , Exeter ( 12 % ) , Gatwick ( 11 % ) and Stansted ( 11 % ) .
Despite not ranking amongst the nation 's favourites , Isle of Man Airport received the highest average score ( 4.3 ) in any category , ranking highly for their staff 's speed of service .
Some airports were found to be so unbearable for consumers , that almost half of holidaymakers were prepared to travel to avoid certain airports , with a seventh ( 15 % ) claiming that they were willing to travel 50 miles to do so .
Speaking on their findings , Steve Phillips of Flightdelays.co.uk said : “ It 's surprising to see that some of the airports people use more frequently in this country , are actually disliked the most . It may be that the larger airports struggle to cope with more and more demand .
“ Our research shows that our regional airports are ranked highly by the public and that 's great as airports can be really stressful places .
“ The last thing you want , when you 've been up for hours packing and dragging your kids out of their beds in the middle of the night , is to battle a massive queue , only to be greeted with a face like thunder when you reach the check-in . ”
Category : Blog , Travel
By Gbenga Olarinoye & Johnbosco Agbakwuru
OSOGBO – Justice Maurine Onyetenu of a Federal High Court , sitting in Osogbo , Osun State , Wednesday granted leave to two Nigerians , Kanmi Ajibola , a lawyer and Sulaiman Adeniyi , a human right activist in their suit , seeking to compel the National Assembly to initiate impeachment proceedings against President Muhammadu Buhari .
The Presidency , however , claimed not to be aware of Wednesday 's court order .
The duo had three months ago written to both the lower and the upper chambers of the National Assembly on the need to impeach President Buhari , citing alleged constitutional breaches by the president and threatened that they will approach the court if lawmakers fail to act accordingly .
But when the lawmakers refused , they headed to court , asking for an order of mandamus to compel both the Senate and the House of Representatives to start the impeachment proceedings of President Buhari .
The two Nigerians had hinged their arguments on four grounds on why the National Assembly should impeach the Buhari .
In the motion ex-parte , the duo are contending that in flagrant violation of the 1999 constitution , President Buhari contested the election , won and was sworn in as the president on May 29 , 2015 without possessing the basic constitutional requirement , which would have made them qualified for the contest of the election .
They further alleged that President Buhari in flagrant violation of section 137 ( 1 ) ( j ) of the 1999 constitution presented a forged certificate to the Independent National Electoral Commission , INEC , for the purpose of the 2015 presidential election that brought them to the office of the president .
The applications in the suit , are further contending that “ In the light of the 4th respondent 's placement to continue in the office as the president , they have no certificate and basic requirement upon which this placement to continue in the office can be placed . ”
They accused the president of treating the orders of the court with a great disdain and abuses the constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria at will , particularly from the angle of the observance of the federal character as contained in section 14 of the constitution .
Justice Onyetenu , in their ruling , granted the applicants leave to move and argue their suit for an order of mandamus , compelling the National Assembly commence the impeachment of President Muhammadu Buhari . ”
The court adjourned till October 30 , 2018 for the hearing of the suit .
Presidency keeps mum
Meanwhile , when contacted for reaction , the Senior Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity , Mallam Garba Shehu said they were not aware of the ruling .
The Presidential spokesperson , however , promised to get the details of the court ruling so that they will comment from the point of knowledge .
On their part , the Minister of Information and Culture , Alhaji Lai Mohammed also told newsmen after the weekly meeting of the Federal Executive Council , FEC , that they had no information on it .
The applications in the suit had further averred that “ The 4th respondent on May 29 , 2015 , took an oath of office , among others , to the effect that , they would rule in accordance to and protect the constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria , particularly section 14 ( 2 ) ( b ) which stipulates that the security and welfare of the people shall be the primary purpose of government .
“ On the contrary , the 4th respondent has proved to be unable to guarantee the security of lives and properties of the citizens of the Federal Republic of Nigeria in fulfilment of their oath of Office . The herdsmen killings of the innocent citizens under the 4th respondent have been uncountable , unbearable and unprecedented overheating figures in the globe .
“ The 4th respondent in contravention of the due process and sections 80 and 81 of the 1999 constitution spent about $ 496 Million on the purchase of Tucano Jets without the approval of the National Assembly of the Federal Republic of Nigeria as required by the law .
“ The 4th respondent ordered to be withdrawn , money from the public fund of the Federation without the approval of the National Assembly or the authorisation of its act and same used for the purchase of Tucano Jets .
“ The 4th respondent has committed several impeachable offences , that is , gross misconduct .
“ By the provision of section 143 of the 1999 constitution , the 1st to 3rd respondents ( The Senate President , the Speaker of the House of representatives and the National Assembly ) have the statutory duty to impeach the 4th respondent as the president and Commander in – Chief of Armed Forces of the Federal Republic of Nigeria on gross misconduct .
“ The 1st to 3rd respondents have closed their eyes to the gross misconduct of the 4th respondent .
They told the court that as applicants in the matter , they have the right and duty to compel the 1st and 3rd respondents to perform their statutory duty of impeachment against the 4th Respondent , having bothered on the constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria .
Citing several constitutional authorities in the written address in support of the motion ex-parte and with 44-paragraph affidavits , the duo posed some questions by putting Nigeria side by side with some developed nations .
“ Can the conduct of the 4th respondent , particularly on the presentation of a forged certificate , be done in America or great Britain unchecked ?
“ Can the 4th respondent continue to benefits from their act of forgery and infraction of the constitution ?
“ Definitely , an American president can not be genuinely accused of presentation of a forged certificate and still be allowed to continue as the president , likewise the prime minister of the Great Britain , ” they noted .
After moving the application before the court , Mr. Ajibola urged the court that with all array of documents before the court , they were of the view that the National Assembly must perform its constitutional duties without fear or favour .
GOING STRONG : Cancer survivor David Locke is looking forward to new challenges and a new career in the care sector after rebuilding their strength and health following treatment .
GOING STRONG : Cancer survivor David Locke is looking forward to new challenges and a new career in the care sector after rebuilding their strength and health following treatment . Nicole Zurcas
WITHOUT their cancer diagnosis , David Locke would n't have found the strength to follow a new passion .
One year ago they were given the shocking news they had breast cancer .
In a fierce battle for survival , they underwent surgery , 18 weeks of chemotherapy and 25 doses of radiation .
They had to resign from their 30-year position as parks and gardens worker with the council , but Mr Locke said this opened a new pathway for him .
`` After 30 years if I was n't going to make the move , I never would , '' Mr Locke said .
Building back their strength , Mr Locke is now looking to pursue a career in helping others facing a similar struggle .
`` I 'd really love to work with others going through cancer , or something in the disability or aged care sector , '' they said .
`` I have friends in those lines of work and I really enjoy meeting their patients and seeing how much help they do . ''
After their treatment , Mr Locke could barley lift their arms and struggled to grasp everyday objects .
`` I was so weak I would drop things the moment I had a hold of it . I was really scared at that point , '' they said .
Now he 's lifting weights and almost has full range of motion back in their arms .
Cancer survivor David Locke credits resistance training for helping them regain their strength and dexterity after illness . Nicole Zurcas
Mr Locke credits WIRAC 's Cancer Survivor Program for their progress .
The round beginning this week will be the gym 's fourth offering of the free 12-week program and Mr Locke 's second go .
WIRAC fitness and facilities manager Alex Cutmore said the program involved resistance-based training that had been proven as one of the most effective ways for survivors to improve muscle strength and bone density .
Mr Cutmore said the social aspect of the program was a huge bonus .
`` Group training in general is a good bonding experience for people , '' they said .
`` But when you put people together with shared experiences , it can be even more beneficial . ''
Anyone undergoing cancer treatment is welcome to sign up to the program at any stage during the 12-week period .
Today 's Wake-Up Call with Jeff Howe Audio for the morning show is currently unavailable . We will have it made available as soon as possible . We apologize for the inconvenience .
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column , EM Squared , Martin Sandbu 's Free Lunch , Newsmine blog , daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience .
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package ?
Lex Column - The FT 's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter . Since the 1930 's Lex has been providing concise , readable and timely commentary on companies , markets and the theory behind investing . From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks , via the banking crisis and emerging markets , Our specialists in London , New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions .
Editor 's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber , the Financial Times ' lauded editor .
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week 's news stories .
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu 's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day 's biggest topics .
INDIANAPOLIS ( AP ) — President Donald Trump 's pick to oversee Medicare and Medicaid advised Vice President Mike Pence on health care issues while they were Indiana 's governor , a post they maintained amid a web of business arrangements — including one that ethics experts say conflicted with their public duties .
A review by The Associated Press found Seema Verma and their small Indianapolis-based firm made millions through consulting agreements with at least nine states while also working under contract for Hewlett Packard . The company holds a financial stake in the health care policies Verma 's consulting work helped shape in Indiana and elsewhere .
Them firm , SVC Inc. , collected more than $ 6.6 million in consulting fees from the state of Indiana since 2011 , records show . At the same time , records indicate they also received more than $ 1 million through a contract with Hewlett , the nation 's largest operator of state Medicaid claims processing systems .
Last year , their firm collected an additional $ 316,000 for work done for the state of Kentucky as a subcontractor for HP Enterprises , according to documents obtained by AP through public records requests .
In financial disclosures posted this week , Verma reported they have an agreement to sell SVC Inc. to Health Management Associates of Lansing , Michigan , within 90 days of their confirmation .
In a statement , a spokesperson for Verma said there was no conflict of interest and added that they have the support of former officials who served with them under Pence .
Them firm was “ completely transparent in regards to its relationship with HP and that there was never a conflict of interest , ” spokesperson Marcus Barlow said in a statement .
A spokesperson for Pence did not respond to a request for comment .
Verma faces a Senate Finance Committee hearing on Thursday . Democrats in Washington are aware of many of their consulting arrangements , and have broader concerns about their philosophy about government entitlement programs , lack of background in Medicare and inexperience leading a large organization .
As a trusted adviser to Pence , they had an office in the state government center and took on duties usually reserved for state administrators . Verma was also widely respected for their grasp on policy and designed a federal Medicaid waiver that allowed Pence to undertake their own conservative expansion of the program while still accepting money made available through the Affordable Care Act .
Verma did not specifically address how they would handle decisions related to HP in a letter to the Department of Health and Human Services that was released this week . The letter outlined their plan for managing potential conflicts of interest should they be confirmed by the Senate to lead the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services . Them relationship with HP was first reported by the Indianapolis Star in 2014 .
Legal and ethics experts contacted by AP say Verma 's work for Hewlett , and offshoot HP Enterprises , raised questions about where their loyalties lay — to the company , or to state taxpayers .
Richard Painter , former President George W. Bush 's chief ethics lawyer , called Verma 's arrangement a “ conflict of interest ” that “ clearly should not happen and is definitely improper . ”
Such arrangements are typically prohibited for rank-and-file state employees under Indiana 's ethics rules and laws , but they 're murkier when it comes to consulting work . Contractors have often replaced state employees in a GOP bid to drive down the number of public employees , distinctions between the two can be hard to discern .
“ She was cloaked with so much responsibility and so much authority , people thought they were a state employee , ” said Debra Minot , a former head of Indiana 's Family and Social Services Agency under Pence who worked with Verma .
Indiana University law professor David Orentlicher compared Verma 's dual employment to an attorney who represents both the plaintiff and the defense in a lawsuit . It 's also similar to federal contract negotiator with a side job for a company they regularly negotiate with , they said .
“ If you have one person on both sides of the negotiating , they ca n't negotiate hard for both sides , ” said Orentlicher , a former Indiana Democratic state lawmaker .
There was at least one instance where Verma crossed the line in Indiana when they were dispatched by HP to help smooth over a billing dispute , said Minot .
“ It was never clear to me until that moment that she , in essence , was representing both the agency and one of our very key contractors , ” said Minot , who was removed as head of the agency by Pence over their disagreements with Verma . “ It was just shocking to me that they could play both sides . ”
State contracts show Verma 's duties to Indiana and Hewlett have overlapped at times . One agreement they held with the state 's social services agency required them to “ provide technical assistance ” to state contractors , as well as the governor 's office . Another duty was “ contract development and negotiation ” with vendors , which included HP and HP Enterprises
Verma reported their salary with SVC is $ 480,000 and their business income from the company as nearly $ 2.2 million .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
This story is about
FILE - Cowboys rookie running back Darius Jackson ( 34 ) carries the ball during morning practice at training camp in Oxnard , Calif. , on Thursday , August 11 , 2016 . ( Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News )
Additionally , the Cowboys signed linebacker Eric Pinkins , defensive tackle Antwaun Woods and wide recevier Mekale McKay while releasing guard Jay Robertson and defensive tackle DeQuinton Osborne .
The Dallas Cowboys on Wednesday signed running back Darius Jackson , one of their four sixth-round draft picks in 2016 , reuniting them with Ezekiel Elliott , Jaylon Smith , Maliek Collins , Charles Tapper , Dak Prescott , Anthony Brown , Kavon Frazier and Rico Gathers to make that class whole again .
The band is back together .
The Cowboys have signed RB Darius Jackson , a sixth-round pick in 2016 who impressed the club before the Browns claimed them off waivers . The Cowboys also added LB Eric Pinkins , DT Antwaun Woods and WR Mekale McKay and released G Jay Robertson and DT DeQuinton Osborne .
Jackson , released by the Cowboys in December 2016 in order to active Darren McFadden , was quickly snatched up off waivers by the Cleveland Browns . They spent the 2017 season on injured reserve and has yet to play in a regular-season game .
The Browns released them earlier this month .
Jackson had a breakout senior season at Eastern Michigan in 2015 ( 1,078 rushing yards and 14 touchdowns ) that led to pre-draft visits with the Raiders , Dolphins , Jets , Ravens , Texans and Chiefs .
Throughout rookie minicamp , organized team activities and minicamp in 2016 , Jackson 's speed and pass-catching ability caught the eye of Cowboys running backs coach Gary Brown .
Jackson was one of seven players who worked out for the Cowboys on Tuesday .
The U.S. Navy will conduct a large-scale safety and protection training exercise next Monday through Friday , Feb. 5 to 9 , that will cause incoming traffic delays to San Diego bases and facilities .
This nation-wide exercise , dubbed Exercise Solid Curtain , is held annually to train Navy personnel in general threat readiness .
Although the Navy has assured minimal disruptions , drivers should expect increased traffic near bases and facilities . For those who live near a naval base , heightened security will be present for the exercise .
Patients at the Naval Medical Center San Diego are advised to arrive 45 minutes early for any medical appointments during the exercise .
For more information about this exercise , please call Brian O'Rourke , Navy Region Southwest Public Affairs at ( 619 ) 985-3725 .
Police : Des Plaines man set fire to neighbor 's lawn
hello
A Des Plaines man was charged Monday with aggravated arson after authorities said they poured gas on a neighbor 's lawn and set it on fire .
Jason G. John , 36 , of the 1000 block of Rose Avenue , was denied bond during an initial court appearance and is in custody at the Cook County jail awaiting trial .
Police said John poured gas and set fire to the front lawn , near the house 's gas meter , at about 10:30 p.m. Thursday . Firefighters who arrived on the scene soon after were able to quickly extinguish the fire , according to a news release .
Police said all of the home 's residents were there at the time of the fire , though none were injured . John appeared to be intoxicated at the time , police added .
According to police , John got into a verbal dispute with the neighbor several weeks earlier . An investigation into last week 's fire led to John as a suspect , and a search warrant executed at their house uncovered evidence tying them to the arson , authorities said .
1:17
White House : Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
Exactly 9 days ago , Zee Kannada channel 's famous show Drama Juniors Season 2 landed in a controversy wherein the Brahmin community of Karnataka turned against the show .
The show got into the controversy for having made the kids to enact a skit which portrayed Brahmins and their caste in a very poor light .
Brahmins all over the state together demanded an unconditional apology from the makers of the show as well as the channel for not having moderated the content properly . Various Brahmin sects and societies had announced strong revolts and protests against the channel and the show .
Having seen the ongoing turmoil on social media , the channel and the makers of the show finally succumbed to the pressure and offered their unequivocal apology .
Yes , the controversy finally ended when the team of Zee Kannada and Drama Juniors team apologised on the Drama Juniors Season 2 Episode 3 , which was telecasted on Saturday , August 12 at 9 pm .
Master Anand , the presenter of Drama Juniors show , apologised the moment the show began . They mentioned that they will be the one apologising on behalf of the channel and the show .
They said , `` The skits that are being enacted on the stage have deep meaning hidden beneath them . They reflect all the loopholes in our society , which we try to lighten up by bringing some humour . ''
`` Last weekend , we tried to tell Tenali Rama 's story via the kids . Unfortunately , the humour was a little too overwhelming for some people . What we thought would be taken in a light hearted manner did n't go as planned . We are extremely sorry . ''
Master Anand continued , `` We are pained if people are pained by us . It was totally unintentional . It is never our intention to hurt or degrade anyone , let alone deeming them inferior . I hereby would like to apologise to everyone who were offended an unknown mistake from our side . There is no holding back , we regret our mistake , please forgive us . ''
Later , after Master Anand concluded , it was the judges ' turn to apologise . On behalf of the judges , T. N. Seetharam spoke and said , `` This is the second season of this show and we have successfully delivered a total of 167 skits till date . ''
`` While most of them were received by our audience gracefully , one of them hurt your feelings . It was totally unintentional from the Dance Juniors team as well as the channel . Please forgive us if you are hurt by our actions . ''
Xtreme Clean & Maintenance /GT Beer ‘ Gold Rush ' Futsal Tournament Sparta Boss not ready to abdicate monarchy just yet -joins Sophia , Tucville and Albouystown in tonight 's semis
By Rawle Welch
When Eusi Phillips unleashed their right-foot missile that blew past defenders and goalkeeper one minute before full time , it was a clear signal that Sparta Boss were not ready to abdicate the monarchy just yet .
The reigning Futsal champions have not been in peak form throughout the tournament , but their tenacity and experience continue to be the difference between them and opposing teams and their 3-2 triumph over imminent contender Future Stars were irrefutable evidence of those two important assets .
Playing in front of another large crowd in the Xtreme Clean & Maintenance /GT Beer ‘ Gold Rush ' Futsal Tournament , at the National Gymnasium , the two teams clashed in the final game of the night and what a game it was as they stood toe to toe in an encounter that was littered with end to end action .
Sparta Boss were the first to enter the scoresheet when talisman Devon Millington sprinted on to a pass , before hitting a fierce right-footer into the left corner of the goal in the 4th minute .
However , one of the starts of the future , Jeremy Garrett 's response was sensational as they let loose a ripper from the right side following a pass from centerfield two minutes later to level the match .
Both teams ' missed opportunities to take the lead as the excitement reached fever pitch with the respective band of supporters screaming instructions from the stands .
Sheldon Shepherd then broke the deadlock in the 17th minute , finishing clinically after being fed through by Millington to make it 2-1 in Sparta 's favour .
Searching for the equaliser , Future Stars threw everything at Sparta 's defence , but the champs confidently shut down all attempts , before Keron Solomon silenced their supporters when they hammered a cracking shot into the goal four minutes from full time .
Once again , the champs answered and their reply came one minute before the final whistle with the Phillips rocket to seal a berth in the semis where they face the tournament 's most in-form team Albouystown .
Albouystown , the only team to win all their matches , squeezed past a stubborn Broad Street 2-1 with Roy Cassou and Marlon Nedd 's 8th and 12th minute strikes proving just enough to take them over the line , while Samuel Hunte 's 5th minute effort threatened to spring an upset .
Another team that are playing at a high level is Tucville that thrashed favourites Back Circle 6-3 with Jermaine Junior continuing their fine form , firing in a pair in the 25th and 28th minutes , while Delon Williams , Jahaal Greaves , Tefon Daly and Ryan Hackett each supported with a goal apiece in the third , fourth , 17th and 27th minutes .
Selwyn Williams , Curtez Kellman and Jermaine Beckles were the players on target in the 10th , 21st and 26th minutes respectively for Back Circle .
Tucville will now face Sophia in a rematch that is likely to provide entertaining action from the first whistle .
Sophia showed what great form they are in presently with a convincing 4-1 win over Bent Street .
Desmond Cottam netted two goals in the fifth and 17th minutes , while Omallo Williams had a similar tally , scoring theirs in the 28th and 30th minutes .
Orandel Williams made the lone response for Bent Street , netting in the 25th minute .
The winning team takes home $ 500,000 and the championship trophy , while second , third and fourth placed finishers collect $ 200,000 , $ 100,000 and $ 50,000 respectively .
The tournament 's Most Valuable Player will receive $ 50,000 .
Among the other sponsors on board are : Fas Grafix , Jefford 's Distribution and Sales , Giftland Distribution Store , Windjammer International Cuisine & Hotel and FARMSUP Mining Investments Inc .
The final will be played on June 17 , at the same venue .
Among the other sponsors on board are : Fas Grafix , Jefford 's Distribution and Sales , Giftland Distribution Store and FARMSUP Mining Investments Inc .
The night 's full results :
Game-1
Broad Street-1 vs Albouystown-2
Albouystown Scorers
Roy Cassou-8th
Marlon Nedd-12th
Broad Scorer
Samuel Hunte-5th
Game-2
Bent Street-1 vs Sophia-4
Sophia Scorers
Desmond Cottam-5th and 17th
Omallo Williams-28th and 30th
Bent Scorer
Orandel Williams-25th
Game-3
Tucville-6 vs Back Circle-3
Tucville Scorers
Jermaine Junior-25th and 28th
Delon Williams-3rd
Jahaal Greaves-4th
Tefon Daly-17th
Ryan Hackett-27th
Back Circle Scorers
Selwyn Williams-10th
Curtez Kellman-21st
Jermaine Beckles-26th
Game-4
Sparta Boss-3 vs Future Stars-2
Sparta Scorer
Devon Millington-4th
Sheldon Shepherd-17th
Eusi Phillips-29th
Future Scorers
Jeremy Garrett-6th
Keron Solomon-26th
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Democratic lawmakers are suing President Donald Trump over foreign money flowing into their global business empire .
Almost 200 senators and representatives are plaintiffs in a lawsuit alleging Trump is violating the so-called emoluments clause of the Constitution . It 's being filed early Wednesday in U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia , the lawmakers said .
The plaintiffs argue they have standing to sue because the clause says only Congress may approve foreign gifts and payments .
“ The framers gave Congress a unique role , a unique right and responsibility , ” said Sen. Richard Blumenthal , a Connecticut Democrat who helped organize the lawsuit .
Although Trump turned over control of their real estate development , management and marketing company to their adult sons and a senior executive , they did not divest from it . That means they stand to benefit financially from the Trump Organization 's profits , including from foreign governments .
Since he 's become president , the Trump Organization has secured dozens of potentially valuable patents , including in China , and collected fees from lobbyists working for Saudi Arabia and other countries using their properties .
The new suit — the third of its kind — says the full scope of foreign payments to the Trump Organization can not be known because the president has not made public their tax returns .
Earlier this week , two Democratic attorneys general filed a similar claim . Days after Trump 's inauguration in January , a liberal-funded government watchdog filed an emoluments lawsuit . A restaurant group and two individuals in the hotel industry later joined as co-plaintiffs .
Trump and the Justice Department have called these lawsuits baseless . They argue the clause is n't intended to prevent normal business such as hotel payments and real estate transactions .
Rep. John Conyers , a Michigan Democrat , said they and Blumenthal have amassed the “ greatest number of congressional plaintiffs on any lawsuit against a president. ” They said they 're taking the action “ not out of any sense of pleasure or partisanship but because President Trump has left us with no other option . ”
Ahead of the filing , only Democrats were asked to sign on , but Blumenthal and Conyers plan to send letters to their Republican colleagues Wednesday asking them to join the effort .
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism Pause
1:38 Flying over Paso Robles in a Ford Tri-Motor airplane
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says they voted Republican
1:48 Trucks , helicopters dump loads of boulders in rush to fortify Oroville dam spillway
1:23 Under threat of Oroville dam , hundreds find shelter at Nevada County Fairgrounds
1:42 Water gushes at California 's Lake Oroville dam
4:11 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it
1:07 Highlights : Atascadero girls soccer beats Dos Pueblos 3-1 in wild card playoff game
Basil Tatiana Ayazo/Rd.com , Rimma Bondarenko/Shutterstock When it comes to mints , this one might be in a league of its , especially because there are so many When it comes to mints , this one might be in a league of its , especially because there are so many fun ideas for using fresh basil . But what 's the secret to keeping it fresh ? `` Keep it potted and in a sunny place , water every other day , and mist it daily , '' says Yousef Ghalaini , executive chef of FIG Restaurant at the Fairmont Miramar Santa Monica in Santa Monica , California . `` You should grab leaves from the plant by cutting at an angle an inch below the leaf , '' they recommend . `` Keeping fresh herbs in potting soil inside is great , just keep an eye on them and do n't let them bolt ( this is the seed pod that pops up at the top of the plant once it gets old ) , as the leaves become really tough and lose flavor , '' says Ghalaini . Do n't have a live plant ? The best tip for store-bought basil is to keep the the stems trimmed and place in a jar of water . Loosely cover it with a plastic bag , as it 'll create a mini greenhouse sort of environment . Basil does better at room temperature so never throw this one in the fridge , where it will wilt quickly .
Chives Tatiana Ayazo/Rd.com , PhotoMediaGroup/Shutterstock Amazing in mashed potatoes , chives look hearty but are actually delicate . Even so , Ghalaini recommends the thick wet paper towel treatment , `` and keep the towels moist , '' they say . Here 's another , longer-lasting option : Freeze your chives . Wash , trim , and chop the herb , place them in an ice cube tray and just barely cover with water . Then freeze .
Cilantro Tatiana Ayazo/Rd.com , zefirchik06/Shutterstock You either love it or You either love it or you think it tastes like soap . For the lucky cilantro lovers , the herb punches up everything from salsa to soups to summer salads . Because it 's so delicate , handle this herb with care : In a test by the Vegetable Gardener website , the best way to keep it fresh is to place the bunch in water up to the stems , place a loose plastic bag over the leaves , and keep it in the fridge .
Content continues below ad
Dill Tatiana Ayazo/Rd.com , Sergii Tverdokhlibov/Shutterstock Love some dill with your smoked salmon ? Goldberg advises storing it in a tall mason jar or quart jar with an inch or two of water in the bottom . Snip the stems so you can fit the herbs , and then close the lid , they say . Learn how to Love some dill with your smoked salmon ? Goldberg advises storing it in a tall mason jar or quart jar with an inch or two of water in the bottom . Snip the stems so you can fit the herbs , and then close the lid , they say . Learn how to grow your own dill and other spices
Mint Tatiana Ayazo/Rd.com , Evgeny Karandaev/Shutterstock This useful herb can withstand a fair amount of exposure , so you can keep it in the fridge or out . `` The benefit to keeping mint live is that it keeps away bugs and it tastes amazing when it 's plucked from the plant for immediate use—try steeping in some black tea for a great post meal digestive ! '' says Ghalaini . Read on for more This useful herb can withstand a fair amount of exposure , so you can keep it in the fridge or out . `` The benefit to keeping mint live is that it keeps away bugs and it tastes amazing when it 's plucked from the plant for immediate use—try steeping in some black tea for a great post meal digestive ! '' says Ghalaini . Read on for more natural home remedies for an upset stomach
Oregano Tatiana Ayazo/Rd.com , Fedorovacz/Shutterstock Give life to your pizzas and salads with this delightful herb . Laura Lea Goldberg , a Nashville-based certified holistic chef , head of the popular site , Give life to your pizzas and salads with this delightful herb . Laura Lea Goldberg , a Nashville-based certified holistic chef , head of the popular site , LLBalanced.com and author of the new cookbook , The Laura Lea Balanced Cookbook , recommends placing oregano stems between paper towels , rolling them up , and tightly sealing them with plastic wrap or in resealable bags . Learn about oregano and other spices ' healing properties
Content continues below ad
Parsley Tatiana Ayazo/Rd.com , YARUNIV Studio/Shutterstock Give your soups a beautiful finishing touch by sprinkling chopped parsley on top as a final garnish . `` This hearty herb can withstand a lot , '' says Ghalaini . `` I like to wrap it with thick wet paper towels and store it in the refrigerator . '' Just be sure to trim the ends if you keep parsley in the fridge . Like basil , you can also keep it in a jar of water at room temperature . Give your soups a beautiful finishing touch by sprinkling chopped parsley on top as a final garnish . `` This hearty herb can withstand a lot , '' says Ghalaini . `` I like to wrap it with thick wet paper towels and store it in the refrigerator . '' Just be sure to trim the ends if you keep parsley in the fridge . Like basil , you can also keep it in a jar of water at room temperature .
Rosemary Tatiana Ayazo/Rd.com , nadianb/Shutterstock Amazing with roasts , potatoes , and vegetable medleys , rosemary is hearty and stores well . Goldberg recommends this method for storing durable herbs like rosemary : Place the stems lengthwise evenly on double-layered damp paper towels and roll them into a log shape . Then wrap them in plastic or place in a resealable bag and refrigerate . Did you know keeping a rosemary plant in your office can make you Amazing with roasts , potatoes , and vegetable medleys , rosemary is hearty and stores well . Goldberg recommends this method for storing durable herbs like rosemary : Place the stems lengthwise evenly on double-layered damp paper towels and roll them into a log shape . Then wrap them in plastic or place in a resealable bag and refrigerate . Did you know keeping a rosemary plant in your office can make you more productive and energized at work
Sage Tatiana Ayazo/Rd.com , Sergey Fatin/Shutterstock One of 10 top healing herbs , sage is great on beef and poultry , or mixed into butter and served with pasta . Similar to rosemary , you can roll it up in paper towels or try freezing it in ice cube trays , recommends cooking website thekitchn.com . When you 're ready to use it , place the sage cube in a strainer until the ice melts away : The herb will have retained its potent flavor .
Content continues below ad
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image showing the epicentre of the 5.1 magnitude earthquake that occurred in the Vanuatu region this morning . Picture : SUPPLIED
Update : 1:58PM A 5.1 MAGNITUDE earthquake occurred at 8.14am this morning 68km north from Luganville , Vanuatu .
The moderate sized earthquake occurred at an intermediate depth of 96km .
The earthquake�s source location was 68km north from Luganville , Vanuatu , 340km northwest from Port Vila and 1259km north-northwest from Suva , Fiji .
The Seismology Unit of the Mineral Resources department has confirmed that this earthquake posed no immediate threat to the Fiji region .
By Kelechkwu Iruoma
ASABA—A non-governmental organisation , Foundation for Effective Leadership and Development , FELD , in its renewed vigour to boost the economic capacity of the people of Anioma in Delta State , has commenced the first phase of training 200 youths on skills acquisition .
The training programme , which is in partnership with development partners will be conducted in different parts of the country and will last for one year .
Chairman of the foundation , Mr Paul Adingwupu flagging of the programme , with participants drawn from four local government areas of Aniocha/Oshimili federal constituency , said that the one year in-house boarding training programme commenced with the first batch of 20 youths and covers different areas of skills acquisition in agriculture such as fishery and animal husbandry , crop production , agro-forestry and beekeeping , agricultural engineering ( operating/repairs ) , farm management , among others .
Adingwupu said , “ It is expected that at end of the training , beneficiaries will become skills proficient in their chosen fields and will be given support in form of starter packs and stipend to start ups their various trade . ”
Similarly , the foundation , working in partnership with international universities and global education funding institutions announced the 2018/2019 overseas scholarships for outstanding graduates with a first class or upper second class bachelors degree with good Grade Point Average ( GPA ) of 3.8 or above in Nigeria to study for Masters Degree at the American College of Greece .
The scholarships being offered is for Masters in Business Administration and the programme will cover full tuition , accommodation and living expenses .
PRAGUE , Czech Republic — Newcastle has completed the permanent signing of goalkeeper Martin Dubravka from Sparta Prague .
Sparta and Newcastle confirmed the transfer on Wednesday after the Premier League club activated an option to sign the 29-year-old Slovak , who joined the Magpies on loan in January .
Newcastle says Dubravka signed a contract until June 2022 .
The goalkeeper had an impressive debut for Newcastle in a 1-0 victory over Manchester United and played 12 league matches overall .
Newcastle manager Rafa Benítez says : `` We 're delighted to finalize the permanent signing of Martin to Newcastle United today . Ever since they arrived with us on loan they have shown a fantastic attitude and great work ethic , and of course we have been very impressed with their performances for us on the pitch last season . ''
Dubravka has played 10 internationals for Slovakia .
By The Associated Press
THE GOVERNMENT MUST pass a new law to ensure that details of passengers on flights can be passed on to other EU countries and to Interpol .
Minister for Justice Charlie Flanagan brought a memo to cabinet during the week to deal with an EU directive related to setting up a database of flights between all EU countries .
It will mean that the names of passengers on all flights can be shared as part of security measures that Ireland has signed up to within the EU .
The EU 's Passenger Name Directive was set up for the “ prevention , detection , investigation and prosecution of terrorist offences and serious crime ” .
It may contain a wide range of information , such as dates of travel , travel itinerary , ticket information , contact details , travel agent , means of payment , seat number and baggage information .
It primarily concerns flights in and out of the EU , but individual member states can decide to apply it to flights within the EU .
Airlines and travel agents will be required to hand over this detail to relevant authorities .
A number of data protection safeguards are also in place , according to the EU . Data will be deleted after five years , and must be depersonalised after six months . No data on a person 's race , political opinions , religious beliefs , trade union membership , health or sexual orientation may be obtained .
The Irish government , having signed up to this directive , must implement it by 25 May 2018 .
Minister Flanagan said that for Ireland to comply with the PNR directive , it requires new legislation .
The EU also noted that an “ increasing number of third countries are requesting PNR data from air carriers operating flights from the territory of the European Union ” .
It said that arrangements had been reached to share this data with countries outside the EU , including the US , on a case-by-case basis and under certain conditions .
“ Such cooperation can bring major security gains , in areas like foreign terrorist fighters travelling to conflict zones for terrorist training , drugs trafficking or travelling sex offenders , ” it added .
The Irish legislation is set to brought before the Oireachtas in the coming weeks .
/ Front page / News
TWO men from Lautoka were in police custody over the weekend after a woman in their 20s was found dead in Field 40 , Lautoka , on Sunday morning .
Police spokesperson Ana Naisoro confirmed the death .
They said the woman was alleged to have committed suicide .
`` It is an alleged suicide case and that the post-mortem examination is being conducted to ascertain cause of death , '' they said .
`` Two men are being questioned because they were last seen with the victim . ''
The victim was allegedly part of a drinking party on Saturday night with the pair .
The woman lived in Koroipita settlement .
Suspected jihadists killed at least 18 people and wounded several during a raid on a restaurant in Burkina Faso 's capital overnight but security forces shot dead both attackers and freed people trapped inside the building .
“ This is a terrorist attack , ” Communications Minister Remi Dandjinou told a news conference on Monday .
They said the toll was provisional because the security operation was still underway .
Burkina Faso , like other countries in West Africa , has been targeted sporadically by jihadist groups operating across Africa 's Sahel . Most attacks have been along its remote northern border region with Mali , which has seen attacks by Islamist militants for more than a decade .
A Reuters witness saw customers running out of the Aziz Istanbul restaurant in central Ouagadougou as police and paramilitary gendarmerie surrounded it amid gunfire . A woman said they were in the restaurant celebrating their brother 's birthday
Bob Levey/Getty Images
HOUSTON , TX - JUNE 13 : Rougned Odor # 12 of the Texas Rangers receives a high five rom Elvis Andrus # 1 after hitting a home run in the seventh inning against the Houston Astros at Minute Maid Park on June 13 , 2017 in Houston , Texas . ( Photo by Bob Levey/Getty Images )
Procter & Gamble says its consumers “ care deeply ” about the environment and , with that in mind , has launched its new Fairy Ocean Plastic bottle made 10 % ocean plastic , collected from the ocean and beaches around the world , and 90 % post-consumer recycled plastic .
The UK launch will include 320,000 ocean plastic bottles for the Fairy dishwashing brand , and P & G says it intends to extend the initiative across more regions and other brands – like Dawn , Yes , Dreft and Joy – in the future . The Fairy Ocean Plastic bottle was created in partnership with recycling expert TerraCycle .
P & G touts the move as a means of raising awareness about the issue of ocean plastic and “ stemming the flow of plastic into the ocean , ” but companies like P & G are also increasingly aware of the need to find new sources of recyclable materials if they want to continue moving toward a more circular economy . Sourcing recycled plastic saves CO2 emissions and also consumes less energy in comparison with extracting new plastic polymers from the earth , the Sustainable Packaging Coalition wrote last spring ( via Packaging Digest ) . In terms of economic value , 95 % of the value of plastic packaging material , worth $ 80-120 billion annually , is lost to the economy , per the Ellen MacArthur Foundation .
Seeking a Circular Economy with Ocean Plastic
CPGs and apparel companies are developing a variety of initiatives to source recovered ocean plastic for packaging but face some challenges . Ocean plastic comes at a higher expense than other sources because of the complex supply chain involved in collection and processing . TerraCycle is attempting to combat that problem with a beach plastic cleanup program , currently in pilot phase . The program has existing beach cleanup organizations partnering with TerraCycle to send in the plastics they collect .
Another challenge is that ocean plastics also tend to turn a dark gray when processed – and then require further processing by the manufacturer to make the color more uniform . Still , companies like P & G that chase the ideal of a “ circular economy ” are continually exploring new sources of recycled plastic .
Method , People Against Dirty , was one of the first to use ocean plastics in soap bottles back in 2012 . Apparel manufacturers like Adidas and Timberland have experimented with ocean plastics in clothing . And this is not P & G 's first ocean plastic initiative . In fact , the company released a limited run of Head & Shoulders shampoo bottles in France over the summer .
Apparel companies and CPGs are not the only ones testing the waters of ocean plastic . In June , Dell began shipping its XPS 13 in materials made in part from plastic pollution from the ocean . The company said it spent about 18 months doing a detailed assessment and validation , followed by a pilot , based on using ocean plastic in a way that is cost-effective and commercially scalable .
Carlos Rosales , former journalist and ABC-7 Assistant News Director , recaps 2016 with some of El Paso 's top stories in journalism .
Aired December 31 , 2016
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
Japan 's Justice Minister Katsutoshi Kaneda ( C ) speaks to media after the conspiracy bill was passed at the upper house of parliament in Tokyo , Japan June 15 , 2017 . Pic : Kyodo via Reuters
15 Social Buzz
JAPAN 'S ruling bloc enacted a law targeting conspiracies to commit terrorism and other serious crimes on Thursday , pushing it through parliament 's upper house despite concerns over civil liberties .
The vote followed opposition party delaying tactics , protests and concerns raised by a United Nations expert – who called the legislation “ defective ” – and came days before the current session of parliament was set to end on June 18 .
The result of the vote on the bill , which has divided the public , was shown live on public broadcaster NHK .
Japanese governments had tried three times previously to pass similar legislation , which officials say is needed to ratify a U.N. treaty aimed at global organised crime as well as to prevent terrorism as Tokyo prepares to host the 2020 Olympics .
SEE ALSO : Japan : Parliament passes Bill allowing emperor 's abdication
The legislation would criminalise plotting and preparing to commit 277 “ serious crimes ” that critics such as the Japan Federation of Bar Associations note include acts with no obvious connection to terrorism or organised crime , such as sit-ins to protest construction of apartment buildings or copying music .
Opponents see the legislation as part of a broader agenda by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to increase state powers and fear ordinary citizens could be targeted , despite government assurances to the contrary .
Combined with a widening of legal wiretapping and the reluctance of courts to limit police surveillance powers , the changes could deter grassroots opposition to government policies , critics say .
To try to speed up passage of the law , the ruling bloc took the rare , contentious step of skipping a vote in an upper house committee and moving directly to a vote in the full upper house .
The U.N. special rapporteur on the right to privacy , Joseph Cannataci , wrote to Abe last month asking them to address the risk that the changes could “ lead to undue restrictions to the rights to privacy and to freedom of expression ” .
SEE ALSO : Japan 's PM Abe eyes legacy with proposed change to pacifist constitution
In an email to Reuters , Cannataci said the Japanese government had used “ the psychology of fear ” to push through “ defective legislation ” .
“ Japan needs to improve its safeguards for privacy , now even more so that this supsicious piece of legislation has been put on the statute books , ” they said in the email .
Critics say gathering information on possible plots would require expanded police surveillance , and the legislation has been compared to Japan ‘ s “ thought police ” , who before and during World War Two had broad powers to investigate political groups seen as a threat to public order .
A Kyodo news agency survey last month showed voters are split over the bill , with support at 39.9 percent and opposition at 41.4 percent . – Reuters
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. ( AP ) — The “ Welcome to Florida ” sign in the northwest part of the state was covered in light snow as winter weather dipped into the Sunshine State .
It was part of a winter storm that hit the Deep South over the weekend and left thousands of people without power in the region .
In Florida , the news website northescambia.com posted a photograph of the sign that welcomes travelers to the state , covered in a sprinkle of snow .
Elsewhere in the normally warm state , flurries were reported in Destin and Miramar Beach , while temperatures in St. Petersburg were 48 degrees . Miami was a positively chilly 61 degrees Sunday afternoon .
“ It does look like it 's going to get a little colder tonight , ” said Marc Austin , a forecaster from the National Weather Service in Ruskin , which is in the Tampa Bay area . “ Tonight will be the coldest night in Florida this week . Probably the coldest night it 's been since last winter . ”
Austin added that the region 's cold temps are due to an arctic air mass followed brought a high pressure system . Wind died down and that allowed for the normally mild south to cool .
Areas north of Tampa can expect to get freezing temperatures Sunday night , even down in the twenties , they said .
Over the weekend , North Carolina had ice warnings , Georgia saw school and business closings and on Friday , Jackson , Mississippi had its highest snowfall since 1982 .
Part of Asheville received eight inches of snow on Friday and Saturday , making the storm the 15th greatest since 1946 , when the Weather Service started keeping records of snowfall in the city .
Forecasters said temperatures for Sunday were not expected to be favorable for melting the snow in many parts of the south . Highs across much of North Carolina were not expected to get out of the 30s , and after a brief warm up on Monday , a second round of cold air was likely to stall the melting .
Thousands of customers remained without power in the region .
Duke Energy is reporting almost 8,000 customers without power Sunday afternoon in the western counties of North Carolina and South Carolina . The majority of those are in Macon , Henderson and Buncombe counties in North Carolina , where restoration to 4,860 customers was expected by 11:45 p.m. Sunday .
In South Carolina , the highest number of outages is in Greenville , where 660 customers are without power . Power restoration is expected by 5 p.m. Sunday .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
/ Front page / News
Update : 6:04PM AN application by a retired senior police officer charged with corruption to have their matter heard in the High Court was granted by the Suva Magistrates Court this morning .
Luke Rawalai is charged with three counts of abuse of office and one count of receiving a bribe .
The offenses took place between January 2012 and March 2014 .
It is alleged that during the said periods the accused in abuse of their authority did an arbitrary act for the purpose of gain by interfering with the Police Investigation conducted by way of Nadi Enquiry Paper into an allegation of rape and forgery .
It is alleged that they had also directed the Nadi Police Station Criminal Investigation Division Personnel to charge for a Police Docket without any evidence and against the findings of the Nadi Police Station Criminal Investigation Division Personnel .
All these are alleged to be an act prejudicial to the Fiji Police Force .
It is also alleged that without lawful authority or reasonable excuse , Mr Rawalai received a benefit of F $ 2,400 for themselves with the intention that their duties as a public official would be influenced .
Mr Rawalai will make their first appearance before the High Court in Suva on June 29 .
The fan club of the Christian Vertical Centre in Tema is the second to qualify for the semifinal of the ongoing National Junior Graphic Fan Club Spelling Competition .
This brings to two the schools which will represent the Greater Accra Region in the semifinal of the competition which has been slated for March 2017 .
Being the first time the school has reached the semifinal stage of the national competition , the contestants and supporters , as well as members of staff present at the contest , wasted no time to sing their school anthem happily after they were declared winners of the knockout contest last week .
Contestants of the Christian Vertical Centre did not have it easy in their group because at the end of the contest they had tied with Happy Kids School at Kwashieman which also wanted to make a debut appearance in the semifinal and proceed to the final stage of the competition .
The two schools both had 41 points so the tie had to be broken .
After spelling three words each , the tie was broken and Christian Vertical Centre amassed 45 points , while Happy Kids followed closely with 44 points .
The other participating schools in the group , Acropolis School at Gbawe and Step-By-Step Montessori School , Dansoman , had 28 and 25 points , respectively .
The other schools which have also qualified for the semifinal are the Nest School Complex Junior Graphic Fan Club , Takoradi , and Holy Trinity Lutheran School Junior Graphic Fan Club in Kumasi .
Iraqi flags fly in the wind as US soldiers leave Al-Fao palace at Camp Victory , one of the last US bases Iraq , after a special ceremony in Baghdad on December 1 , 2011 . POOL/Getty Images
Fifteen years ago today , George W. Bush announced the beginning of the Iraq war . Two U.S. presidents , thousands of lives lost , a withdrawal and a reengagement later , American troops are still on the ground—and dying—in Iraq . There are no plans for withdrawal , even though the most recent foe there—ISIS—has been almost entirely defeated .
The conflict in Iraq is just one facet of an ever-expanding and seemingly endless U.S. military campaign across the Middle East , Central Asia , and Africa . Last week , the White House , as required by a new provision in last year 's National Defense Authorization Act , issued a report to Congress on all the countries where ongoing U.S. military operations are taking place . According to the unclassified portion of the report , America is currently at war in seven countries :
• In Iraq , the U.S. military is continuing to train and assist Iraqi security forces in order to prevent the reemergence of ISIS , as happened after the withdrawal of U.S. forces in 2011 .
• In Syria , American troops are still on the ground , ostensibly to mop up the last remnants of ISIS , though administration officials have also mentioned several other goals , including putting pressure on Bashar al-Assad 's government , supporting local Kurdish allies , and countering Iranian aggression . These troops have been in an increasingly complex and precarious position as open warfare has broken out between Turkey and the Kurds—both officially U.S. allies .
• In Afghanistan , where U.S. troops have been fighting since 2001 , making it the longest conflict in U.S. history . Thousands of new U.S. troops were dispatched last year to support the Afghan government and security forces and fight the Taliban and ISIS . Nonetheless , the Taliban continues to increase the amount of area under its control .
• In Libya , the U.S. military conducted airstrikes against ISIS with what appear to be loosened rules of engagement .
• In Somalia , the Trump administration has dramatically ramped up the number of drone and special operations strikes against ISIS , al-Qaida , and al-Shabaab as well as assisting local forces . Last May saw the first U.S. combat death since the 1993 Black Hawk Down incident .
• In Niger , around 800 troops are working to train and assist local forces . The U.S. presence in the West African country was little known , even to senior lawmakers , until the firefight that killed four American troops last October . This confrontation was apparently not an isolated incident in what was not originally intended to be a combat mission .
• In Yemen , the U.S. is carrying out strikes against ISIS and al-Qaida targets as well as providing what the White House report calls “ limited support ” to the Saudi-led coalition fighting against Houthi forces . This last operation has proven particularly controversial given the horrific humanitarian consequences and unclear strategic objectives of the Saudi campaign . A bill , which could see a vote in the Senate this week , seeks to end U.S. involvement in the conflict against the Houthis .
This list is a bit incomplete . It does n't include , for instance , Pakistan , where the U.S. has continued to carry out periodic drone strikes , or the Philippines , where American troops were reportedly on the ground during a fight between that country 's military and ISIS-linked militants last summer . And as the Niger incident proved , deployments that are not intended to be combat missions can quickly turn into them if American troops are attacked by enemies that do n't respect the combat/non-combat distinction .
Most of these operations are still being carried out under the legal authority granted by the 2001 Authorization for the Use of Military Force , which was passed by Congress after the 9/11 attacks . Though generally understood at the time as meant to target al-Qaida in Afghanistan , it contained no limits on the length or geographic scope of the operations it authorized and has been subsequently used for strikes against groups like ISIS and al-Shabaab that did n't even exist in 2001 . The new Yemen bill and the outrage that followed the Niger raid may be signs of a growing backlash against the administration 's ever-expanding authority to wage limitless global war , but we 're still a long way from any meaningful limits being placed on that authority .
The White House report shows how this authority can be extended almost indefinitely . It argues that recent strikes against Syrian regime forces were justified under the 2001 AUMF because the Syrians were threatening U.S. forces who were involved in fighting ISIS . The operation against ISIS is justified because the group was once , though is no longer , affiliated with al-Qaida .
The White House report does n't just use the 2001 AUMF as justification . It also argues that operations in Iraq and Syria are additionally justified under the 2002 authorization for the war in Iraq . As the report acknowledges , that authorization , which permits the president to use military force to “ defend the national security of the United States against the continuing threat posed by Iraq , ” was overwhelmingly understood at the time to be targeting Saddam Hussein 's government . But , the White House argues , it has subsequently been understood to have the “ dual purposes of helping to establish a stable , democratic Iraq and…addressing terrorist threats emanating from Iraq. ” Given that ISIS operates across the border in Syria , operations in that country also fall under the 2002 authorization .
This is presumably not what Bush had in mind on March 19 , 2003 when they promised the country that by deploying decisive military force against an outlaw regime , we would soon “ pass through this time of peril and carry on the work of peace . ”
.40 federal , 44 state varsities paralysed ; Unijos yet to comply
•Education Minister still studying situation
•We ‘ re in solidarity with ASUU , but…—NANS
By Dayo Adesulu , Ola Ajayi , Johnbosco Agbakwuru , Joseph Erunke , Amaka Abayomi , Marie-Therese Nanlong & Kelechukwu Iruoma
LAGOS—Academic programmes in all public universities in the country were , yesterday , truncated , following an indefinite strike called by the Academic Staff Union of Universities , ASUU .
This came as parents and students , especially final year students , yesterday , expressed frustrations that the strike might prolong their stay in the university .
About 40 federal and 44 state universities in the country , would be affected by the fresh strike which took effect , yesterday .
ASUU 's leadership insisted that the strike was total , comprehensive and indefinite and also threatened to sanction any institution that would defy the strike order to conduct lectures , examinations or any nocturnal meetings for the period the action would last .
The strike followed the outcome of the National Executive Council , NEC , meeting held by ASUU 's leadership and state chairpeople on Saturday in the FCT , Abuja .
The meeting culminated in the official announcement of the strike at the headquarters of the Nigeria Labour Congress , Abuja , yesterday .
Speaking while declaring the indefinite strike at a press conference , National President of ASUU , Prof. Biodun Ogunyemi , said the action became necessary due to breach of the Memorandum of Understanding , MOU , for the 2009 FG/ASUU Agreement on financing of state universities ; breach of conditions of service ; refusal of government to honour the Earned Academic Allowance , EAA , and re-negotiation of the agreement .
Ogunyemi said the 2009 agreement revolved around conditions of service , funding , university autonomy and academic freedom , all of which government had been lackadaisical in implementing .
The Federal Government is believed to owe universities over N880 billion in intervention fund as a fallout of a NEEDS Assessment report .
Also on the list of the union 's demands are government 's foot-dragging over ‘ funds for the revitalisation of public universities , non-release of Nigerian Universities Pension Management Company ( NUPEMCO ) operational licence , non-payment of earned academic allowances , payment of fractions/non-payment of salaries , retired professors and their salaries and university staff schools .
2013 MoU with FG
In the 2013 MoU entered with ASUU , the Federal Government agreed to make funds available for the revitalization of the university system , amounting to N1.3 trillion in six years , based on yearly release of N220billion . This was to have started with N200 billion in 2013 .
There was also an agreement to open a dedicated revitalization account with the CBN to warehouse the fund , including setting up a central monitoring committee to monitor the implementation of the revitalization of the universities .
ASUU also accused government of reneging on payment of outstanding balance of the Earned Academic Allowances after verification of the payment made from the initial N30 billion , among others .
The union said : “ Consequently , based on a nationwide consultation with our members , an emergency meeting of the NEC of ASUU rose on Saturday , August 12 , 2017 , with a resolution to embark on an indefinite strike .
“ The nationwide action is total and comprehensive . During the strike , there shall be no teaching , no examination and no attendance of statutory meetings of any kind in any of our branches . ”
It will be recalled at a recent public function , where the Executive Secretary of the National Universities Commission , NUC , Abdulrasheed Abubakar , met with bursars of universities across the country , they stated categorically that university administrators should jettison clamours for full autonomy as the Federal Government would never concede to such demand .
They explained that in view of the fact that public universities relied on government for subventions to operate , granting them autonomy would be tantamount to throwing away its regulatory rights , especially in checking financial excesses in the institutions .
Efforts made to get the reaction of the Minister of Education , Adamu Adamu , did not yield any results but one of the aides in the office said the ministry was still studying the reasons for the strike .
The Minister of Labour and Employment , Chris Ngige , who serves as the bridge between unions and the Federal Government , refused to pick their calls and also failed to reply text messages sent to their GSM for their reaction .
We ‘ re in solidarity with ASUU but —NANS
Reacting to the indefinite strike , president of National Association of Nigeria Students , NANS , Comrade Chinonso Obasi , said the students body was in solidarity with ASUU but noted that the timing was wrong .
Obasi said that in view of the economic situation in the country , ASUU should have tarried a while instead of embarking on strike immediately , adding that university lecturers had always ignored the students when taking decisions .
They said : “ Their demands are right because the welfare of the lecturers is very paramount . The lecturers can not lecture the students well if they are not properly taken care of .
“ Our disappointment is that we as students , go to bed only to wake up to hear that there is an industrial action . If ASUU wants to go on strike , they should , at least , carry the student leaders along ; we are their children and they are our parents .
“ Their welfare is our concern . But each time , they just take decision without giving considerations to the people who they are lecturing . What if we come with our agitation that they are not even qualified to be our lecturers ? So , I feel there should be a relationship between the student leaders and ASUU . ”
Strike stalls UI postgraduate students ' exam
At University of Ibadan , many postgraduate students of Faculty of Social Sciences and others whose examinations were fixed for , yesterday , were disappointed as lecturers began the indefinite strike .
The strike shocked the authorities , students and some lecturers who just got hint of the strike yesterday morning .
Though , there was uncertainty about the commencement of the strike in the morning , information about it spread at noon and paralysed academic activities in the school .
UNIJOS yet to comply to directives
The University of Jos chapter of ASUU was yet to comply with the directive at press time . A member of ASUU in the institution , who did not want to be named said : “ As at today ( yesterday ) , we are still working but we have a meeting tomorrow ( today ) . It is at that meeting that we will discuss and agree on when to join the strike .
“ Right now , some students are writing their exams and some even have papers tomorrow , we will decide as a body and it is not in my place to pre-empt what will happen at the meeting .
‘ 'It is really sad if we have to toe this line , but government should do the needful and relieve us of the burden of having to take this hard decision . ”
Parents , students lament
A parent , Mrs. Dorcas Ilumuonya , whose daughter is a 200 Level student of Psychology , lamented the situation .
They said : “ This is very disheartening , when one is thinking about the future of the children and counting when they will graduate , another indefinite strike will delay them and cause stress on the students and untold hardship on the parents .
“ I am pleading that if there is anything that the federal government , ASUU and other stakeholders can do to avert this calamity , it should be done quickly so that we do not go back to the past inglorious days in the education sub-sector . ”
However , a student of the University of Jos , Nathan Mangut , who said they had a paper to write today , said : “ We have been hearing about this in the university in those days , but we thought by now , things would have changed .
‘ ' A situation where one spends donkey years for a four-year course should have been over by now but it is sad that it is still the same old story .
“ I pray UniJos should pity us and allow us complete the semester since we have already written over 70 % of our papers . Some people are in their first semester , while some are in second . If our local branch here should see reasons to allow us round off our respective semesters before joining the strike , it would be okay . ''
In their reaction , Dr. John Ugwuanyi , a lecturer from University of Nigeria , Nsukka , said though the national body had declared an indefinite strike , they had not received further information from the local body in UNN .
They said : “ The major cause of the strike is underfunding of universities by the federal government . It has to do with the non-implementation of the 2009 agreement . ASUU demands have not been met . ”
A parent , Mrs. Osaretin Akhigbe , said : “ No strikes are welcome at this time , especially in the education sector . Government should urgently look into their demands .
‘ 'Besides , that sector is in a bad shape and needs total overhauling and any action that would further deteriorate the already deplorable state is far from welcome . ''
Another parent , who declined to have their name in print , said : “ Why would n't the union members go on strike when our President has been away for over three months ? I doubt if any reasonable decision can be reached or taken in Mr. President 's absence . ”
For Miss Tare Adefe , the issue remains the same and the solutions never seem to be achieved .
They said : “ The average Nigerian has become so abused by the conditions we find ourselves . We just seem to turn deaf ears to events and occurrences as they unfold .
“ The country is in crisis . Daily , we hear of the fight against corruption and the unimaginable amounts of money being retrieved from persons who were supposed to serve the people but ended up serving themselves and their pockets .
“ These recovered loots could have solved a number of issues in various sectors of the economy but we never hear anything afterwards .
“ It 's a sad situation we find ourselves in and truth be told , there is hardly any faith left in this country we call our own . ''
Miracle Ndubuisi , a 300 level student of Chukwuemeka Odimegwu University , said : “ The strike will affect students a lot , especially those currently in final year . ASUU might be suffering a lot in the hands of the government but they should please consider the academic progress of students and call off the strike . ”
Another concerned student , Joseph Oso , said : “ The news simply will affect educational activities that should be carried out . The strike will bring about fear in the minds of students , thereby delaying academic works , examination and other academic activities . I urge the federal government to comply with the demands of ASUU so as to allow students go back to school and continue their academic activities . ”
The 2009 agreement
The agreement included details such as the breakdown of lecturers ' salary structure , staff loans , pension , overtime , and moderation of examinations .
Part of the agreement dwelt on funding of universities where both parties agreed that universities should get , at least , N1.5 trillion between 2009 and 2011 while state universities , within the same period , should receive N3.6 million per student .
The agreement also stated that the re-negotiation committee should ensure that , at least , 26 per cent of Nigeria 's annual budget is allocated to education , and that half of that allocation should go to universities .
The agreement also asked that the 2004 Joint Admission and Matriculation Board , JAMB , Act , and the National University Commission Act 2004 , be amended .
Text of the suggested amendment bills – including suggestion for amendment of the Education ( National Minimum Standards and Establishment of Institutions ) Act 2004 – were provided in the agreement .
The agreement was signed by Bolanle Babalakin , the then chairperson of Committee of Pro-Chancellors of Federal Universities ; Gamaliel Onosode , chairperson of the re-negotiation committee ; and Ukachukwu Awuzie , the then president of ASUU .
The agreement demanded heavy financial commitment from the government and was an adaptation of an earlier agreement reached in 2001 .
It is unclear how much of the agreement had been implemented by the government but the then Secretary to Government of the Federation , SGF , Anyim Pius Anyim , after one of the failed negotiations , said most of the issues contained in the 2009 agreement had been fully met except for the earned allowances estimated at N92 billion .
“ Some of the issues which bothered on amendment of pensionable retirement age of academics in the professorial cadre , consolidated peculiar allowances ( CONPUAA ) - exclusively for university teaching staff , National Health Insurance Scheme , NHIS , setting up of budget monitoring committee in all public universities have been fully implemented , ” they had disclosed .
Promise fulfilled
N200 billion paid out of one trillion ; N300 billion of the Public Universities Revitalization ( Needs Assessment ) fund released .
Key outstanding issues include payment of fractions/non-payment of salaries ; non-payment of earned academic allowances . EAA ; non-release of operational license of NUPEMCO ; non-implementation of the provisions of the 2014 Pension Reform Act , with respect to retired professors and their salaries ; removal of universities staff schools from funding by government ; and funds for the revitalisation of public universities . ( Implementation Assessment Report ) .
The bill aimed at repealing and enacting the law converting the former Rivers State Polytechnic , Bori , to Kenule Saro Wiwa Polytechnic passed the first reading in the Rivers State House of Assembly , yesterday .
Majority Leader of the House , Hon Martins Amaewhule presented the bill referred to as Ken Saro-Wiwa Polytechnic Amendment Bill of 2017 , saying , what the House was doing was in tandem with Section 1 Subsection 7 of the 1999 Constitution as amended .
Amaewhule , who represents Obio/Akpor 1 State Constituency in the House contended that the House was empowered to legislate on any matter that affects the state .
On their part , House Speaker , Rt . Hon . Ikuinyi- Owaji Ibani directed that the principal law be distributed among lawmakers , setting the stage for the second reading and robust debate on the bill .
Meanwhile , the House has screened and endorsed new caretaker committee ( CTC ) members for Degema Local Government Area .
The members are chaired by Mrs Okorite Carrie Adiele , a designate chairperson .
Others are Tamunokuro Iyalla , Fiberesima LongJohn , Daere Dokubo , Lawrence Iboroma , Boma Akpoli , and Mrs Mina Danagogo .
Member representing Degema Constituency in the Assembly , Hon . Farah Dagogo said the CTC members were duly selected as they were hardworking and dedicated persons , who were ready to serve their local government area .
Dagogo urged the House to endorse the CTC members based on their profile and experience as a way of fast-tracking development of the area .
Their motion was supported by member representing Bonny State Constituency , Hon . Abinye Pepple .
Shortly after taking the votes of the House , the Speaker announced the confirmation of the CTC members , and directed the Clerk of the House to convey their approval to the governor in order to pave the way for their swearing-in .
6 people take part in rare 3-way kidney transplant This three-way transplant worked with three couples , each with one person who needed a transplant .
Imagine the following scenario : David Labocki needed a kidney . Their wife Danae was unfortunately not a suitable donor .
At the same time Nancy Botbyl would have died if they did not get a new kidney , and like David 's spouse , their husband , Gregg was not a suitable donor .
Now add two anonymous friends : One who needs a kidney , and the other one who is not a match for their friend . What to do ?
Doctors from the Cleveland Clinic found a way to involve all six people and save the lives of David , Nancy and the anonymous friend . They performed a rare three-way kidney transplant , also referred to as a `` kidney swap '' .
David ( who had a transplant seven years ago , but their body started to reject that kidney ) received one from the anonymous friend of the anonymous person also seeking a kidney .
( who had a transplant seven years ago , but their body started to reject that kidney ) received one from the anonymous friend of the anonymous person also seeking a kidney . Nancy ( who was diagnosed with polycystic kidney disease , a genetic condition that could lead to kidney failure ) received a new kidney from David 's wife , Danae .
( who was diagnosed with polycystic kidney disease , a genetic condition that could lead to kidney failure ) received a new kidney from David 's wife , Danae . And finally the anonymous person who was in need of a new kidney received one from Gregg , Nancy 's husband .
The need
According a 2014 study , many potential kidney recipients ca n't receive a kidney from their loved ones as they are incompatible . Kidney Paired Donation ( KPD ) , the technical term for this three-way transplant , is often considered a viable way to get more people involved in donation .
`` In an era of organ shortage , this approach is relevant to encourage wider participation from KPD donors and transplant centres to prevent commercial transplantation , '' the study found .
`` Encouraging the use of this approach to expand the donor pool would be important , especially in low-income countries where the deceased donor programme is in an infantile stage . ''
Nancy and their husband Gregg
Logistics
Dr Alvin Wee , surgical director of the Renal Transplantation Programme at Cleveland Clinic , told the Daily Mail that the logistics of arranging such a procedure is complicated .
`` All six members have to agree to have surgery on the same day or over the course of a couple of days .
`` The second issue is finding the match . It seems easy once you have all six people , but organising it is hard . ''
The transplantations were organised by the National Kidney Registry in the UK . This non-profit organisation aims to speed transplants by pairing up donors and recipients resulting in two- or three-way swaps .
Nancy after the procedure .
There is hope
In the meantime , Dr Wee hopes the procedure will open people 's eyes .
`` Just because one donor is not compatible with you does not mean the end of the line for you .
`` There are heroes out there that who are willing to go above and beyond for you . And it really shows the goodness of their hearts to help three people – their friend or spouse and people they 've never even met before . ''
Image credits : iStock , Cleveland Clinic
Bullying is the number one concern for parents ahead of Scottish schools going back this week , according to a poll by leading charity , Action for Children Scotland .
The survey of 1000 families across Scotland also highlighted parental worries about children 's emotional wellbeing , the cost of school uniform and simply getting kids back into the school routine .
Families revealed that they would benefit from one to one support to help with issues , and more availability of after school clubs and classes .
The charity is using the survey results to highlight the need for parents to talk to their children regularly , monitor use of social media and build family time into busy lives , when young people and children are more likely to engage and open up about their problems .
Paul Carberry , Director of Action for Children Scotland , said : “ We want starting the new school year to be a positive , exciting time for children and their parents . Our staff are on hand to provide practical and emotional support to help with the transition back to school , recognising the range of challenges that some families face . This includes bringing parents and teachers together to resolve difficulties jointly and at an early stage . ”
The charity has welcomed the Scottish Government 's ‘ Pupil Equity Fund ' which can be used by Head Teachers in a flexible way to tackle issues and difficulties which may result in some children being disadvantaged at school by circumstances outside their control .
Paul Carberry added : “ The ‘ Pupil Equity Fund ' is a real opportunity to make a difference to those children who are at greatest risk of non-attainment , and to bring in flexible support to help address the challenges . ”
The charity has issued their Top Five tips for parents as children go back to school . Louise McKechnie is a Family Support Practitioner at Action for Children Scotland 's Glasgow Family Wellbeing Partnership which supports vulnerable families in Glasgow . Louise says :
1 . Bedtime routine : Establishing a good bedtime routine is key . Over the summer holidays , children are usually out of this routine . Having a chat to children about that change and making sure that children are prepared for making it is important to avoid chaos in the morning !
2 . Be prepared : Preparing uniforms , shoes and lunches the night before is very important . If these things are n't ready in the morning , then that 's another stress for both parents and children . By having everything ready the night before , it means the children can be ready to go quickly in the morning .
3 . Speak to teachers : Often parents we work with have concerns about bullying , additional needs or emotional wellbeing . Communication with the school in advance and setting out a support plan helps to reduce any worries for parents and child .
4 . Know what school policies are : Particularly in relation to late comings and absence and how to report these . Having the school numbers handy and having them logged in your phone is essential as is making sure your phone has credit .
5 . Finding out about school clubs : This poll highlighted how valuable parents regard these sorts of activities for their children . The school handbook details what clubs are available and schools often issue letters about activities happening throughout the year . Schools are easily contactable so there are a number of ways to find out what is available and the sort of activities your children can take part in .
By Josh Brown
jbrown @ aimmediamidwest.com
MIAMI COUNTY — Just because the temperature has finally and improved and it finally feels like spring does n't mean that the weather is actually good yet .
Springs sports ' typical nemesis , the rain , returned with a vengeance on Monday , washing away the majority of the day 's athletic events , just one more list of postponements in a season that has been marred by uncharacteristically cold weather . And the rain continued into Tuesday , as well , causing a handful more early postponements and cancellations .
The Troy at Tippecanoe baseball and softball games were both postponed and rescheduled for Wednesday , with Tuesday 's games set to go off as planned . The series is critical in the Greater Western Ohio Conference American North Division 's baseball standings , with both the Trojans and Red Devils tied for first place . And on the softball field , Troy 's home game Tuesday was scheduled to be its Senior Night , but that has now been moved to April 30 's home game against Piqua .
The beginning of another GWOC American North series , Greenville at Piqua baseball and softball , was also postponed and rescheduled for Wednesday .
Miami East 's home baseball and softball games against Cross County Conference foe Twin Valley South were also both postponed Monday and moved to Friday .
Newton softball 's game against Kenton Ridge at Wright State University was cancelled . And Newton and Miami East had a preemptive move for later in the week , too , as their scheduled softball game on Thursday against each other was moved to May 4 due to a conflict .
Bradford baseball 's game at Fifth Third Field against Mississinawa Valley was also postponed . It will now be made up at 7:30 p.m. on May 4 at Fifth Third Field .
Also postponed with no makeup dates immediately announced were : Dixie at Milton-Union baseball and softball , Emmanuel Christian at Bethel baseball and Eaton at Troy Christian baseball .
And on the tennis court , Fairmont at Troy and Tippecanoe at Northmont were both cancelled on Monday , with no makeups dates immediately set . And Tippecanoe 's home match against Greenville on Tuesday was also postponed .
And as for Tuesday 's games , Covington at Twin Valley South baseball and softball were both postponed , with the baseball game being rescheduled for May 8 and the softball game on May 9 .
Arcanum at Bethel baseball and softball were also both postponed , with no makeup dates immediately set .
Contact Josh Brown at ( 937 ) 552-2132 , or follow @ TroyDailySports on Twitter .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A convoy of travellers have descended onto a residential field in Sutton Coldfield .
Around 20 to 30 caravans have illegally gained access to the King George V playing fields on the Streetly- Kingstanding border .
A local dog walker told us : `` Travellers are back on the George Frederick .
`` There are loads of them and there 's like 15 parked up there already .
`` There 's another 10 trying to get on . Old Bill are there and they 're still getting on .
`` I ca n't take my dog on there for months after now because I do n't know what 's going to be on there .
`` It 's a nightmare . ''
Meanwhile , a local volunteer at the park , added : `` They 've broken the gate lock and come on at an angle to get past the bollard bin .
( Image : Handout )
`` Councillor Rob Pocock is over there as we speak trying to sort things out . ''
In a post , a spokesperson for the King George V Playing Field said : `` It 's with great regret that we have to inform you all that travellers have once again broken onto the field .
`` Despite attempts to sure up the defences on the field , caravans have still got on and are continuing to enter the field as the police have now vacated the area and left us to fend for ourselves .
`` The council are aware and Cllr Pocock is currently on the scene trying to sort the situation out . ''
It 's not yet known if the group is the same who invaded Perry Park in Perry Barr this morning .
That site has a High Court Injunction placed on it meaning illegal encampments can be booted off immediately .
It is almost a year to the day ( July 7 , 2017 ) when a group last broke onto the playing fields off Kingstanding Road .
Last year , police were called to a tense stand-off as angry residents stopped a reported 40 caravans pulling onto playing fields .
Speaking during the stand-off last year , a resident said : `` It 's a joke .
“ I had never seen that many caravans before .
“ Police turned up via blue lights as it was getting quite nasty with residents blocking the way into the field .
“ A resident blocked the gate with their car and there was a stand-off outside the park with only a few actually on the field . ”
