The Zamaan Trio join the Amici Concerts as part of the Festival of Chichester at St Pancras Church , Eastgate Square , Chichester on Thursday , July 12 at 7.30pm .
They will offer classical and traditional music from across the Middle-East , featuring the great composers of Syria and Egypt and performed by virtuoso Syrian musicians with a passion for their heritage : oud player Rihab Azar , bassist Fajer Alabdallah and percussionist Jamal AlSaka ( Riq and Mazhar ) .
Meg Hamilton , co-organiser of the series , said : “ Amici Concerts has often featured fascinating programmes of Middle Eastern music at Chichester 's St Pancras Church during the Festival . This year July our city welcomes young female oudist Rihab Azar and their Zamaan trio of Syrian musicians . ”
Rihab said : “ Zamaan means time in Arabic . I will be performing classical and traditional music from different areas of the Middle-East and will include music by the greatest composers of Syria and Egypt .
“ I was born into a musical family in Syria , ” they explain . “ It is not often one comes across a female instrumentalist performing Arabic music .
“ Traditionally the women sing . My father and first teacher is a luthier and made my first oud for me when I was seven years old . ”
Rihab has studied and taught music at the Conservatoire of Damascus and in 2014 was the first woman oudist to perform as a soloist with the Syrian National Orchestra for Arabic Music .
“ I moved to England in 2015 to study music education at University College London which has been a very exciting journey , ” they say . Rihab 's studies in the UK have been sponsored by the Foreign and Commonwealth Office and Arts Council England , and they now perform at festivals and arts centres around the country as well as on BBC radio .
www.rihabazar.co.uk . Tickets £17 , £15 ; under 25 years £5 . Disabled access .
https : //www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/theatre-and-comedy/get-spooked-on-chichester-ghost-tour-1-8553637
https : //www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/arts/michael-jayston-leads-poetry-night-for-festival-of-chichester-1-8553646
https : //www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/music/trio-nova-join-the-festival-of-chichester-1-8553625
https : //www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/theatre-and-comedy/hamlet-at-the-festival-of-chichester-1-8553621
http : //https : //www.worthingherald.co.uk/whats-on/music/this-is-elvis-show-marks-50th-anniversary-1-8553643
https : //www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/music/kosmos-ensemble-offer-uk-premiere-for-festival-of-chichester-1-8554327
http : //https : //www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/arts/resurrected-at-chichester-s-oxmarket-gallery-1-8553653
https : //www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/theatre-and-comedy/video-watch-me-and-my-girl-rehearsals-at-chichester-festival-theatre-1-8555100
Peter O'Mahony will captain the British & Irish Lions against the Maori All Blacks at Rotorua International Stadium on Saturday . The Munster captain will follow tour skipper follows Sam Warburton , Ken Owens and Alun Wyn Jones in leading the tourists one week out from the first test .
The selection retains the core of the side that accounted for the previously unbeaten Crusaders last Saturday , as will be the case again when facing New Zealand next Saturday .
All told , 11 of the side which started against the Crusaders will do so against the Maoris , including all bar one of the pack , as Maro Itoje partners George Kruis in the absence of the rested asupervisorstioned Wyn Jones .
Similarly , having backed up last Tuesday in playing twice within four days , CJ Stander and Owen Farrell are also rested completely , as Johnny Sexton is re-united with Conor Murray at halfback , while in the absence of the departing Stuart Hogg , Leigh Halpfenny is restored at full-back and Anthony Watson starts on the wing .
This means that O'Mahony and Sean O'Brien flank Toby Faletau in the back-row , with Warburton on the bench , while Tadhg Furlong starts at tight-head . Jack McGrath and Iain Henderson are on the bench .
“ We were obviously disappointed with the loss against the Highlanders and realise that we need to improve in several areas , including our discipline , but we feel that overall we are building well towards the Test matches , ” said Warren Gatland .
“ Every game is a big challenge , which is what we wanted , and this is an experienced Lions team with eight of the starting 15 involved in the last Test in Australia in 2013 . ”
Gatland added : “ Peter is a proven captain with Munster . They never takes a backward step and we believe that those leadership qualities will serve us well on Saturday against a quality and determined Maori All Blacks team . ”
LIONS : Leigh Halfpenny ; Anthony Watson , Jonathan Davies , Ben Te ' o , George North ; Johnny Sexton , Conor Murray ; Mako Vunipola , Jamie George , Tadhg Furlong ; Maro Itoje , George Kruis ; Peter O'Mahony ( capt ) , Sean O'Brien , Taulupe Faletau .
Replacements : Ken Owens , Jack McGrath , Kyle Sinckler , Iain Henderson , Sam Warburton , Greig Laidlaw , Owen Farrell , Elliot Daly
The head of Germany 's domestic intelligence agency has warned that China allegedly is using social networks to try to cultivate lawmakers and other officials as sources . From a report :
The opening of more souvenir shops , waffle houses and ticket outlets has been banned by authorities in Amsterdam , to halt the alleged ‘ Disneyfication ' of the Dutch capital .
City council bosses announced the change October 6 , stating no more licenses will be granted to such establishments , aimed at tourists , for the foreseeable future — with an alleged 280 already in operation in the city center , chiefs feel numbers are already too high .
“ Nowhere else in the world has such a decision been made . By not allowing new tourist shops to open we make sure our city center remains attractive and livable for Amsterdammers and our visitors . Tourists are very welcome , but we want to avoid mass tourism taking over entire streets and neighborhoods , ” Deputy Mayor Kajsa Ollongren said .
There has been rising anger recently about the historic heart of Amsterdam becoming a tourist trap and losing the character which makes it one of the best cities in the world , in what critics have dubbed ‘ Disneyfication . ' The prestigious city , which was the world 's 13th most visited city in 2016 , has witnessed a significant rise in tourist numbers in recent years , with 17 million visiting in 2016 compared to 12 million in 2012 .
© Sputnik/ Alexey Kudenko Foreign countries . Netherlands . Amsterdam
A tenth of Amsterdam 's tourists are hosted by locals renting rooms in their homes via Airbnb . The success of the hospitality service has seen the city 's council introduce a licensing system for tenants wishing to rent out their houses to tourists , with a limit of 60 rentable days annually and fines for misuse .
Disneyification
Airbnb is not merely under fire from activists and authorities in Amsterdam — the company has been embroiled in several battles in key capitals , such as New York , Barcelona , Berlin , and London . In the UK , hosts are subject to a similar arrangement as in Amsterdam , with a limit 90 rentable days per annum — in Germany , hosts can only rent individual rooms in their houses while they are present .
Moreover , the phenomenon of ‘ Disneyfication ' has been criticized in numerous cities and countries the world over . French philosopher Jean Baudrillard has described aspects of Disneyfication as ; theming ( structuring a place to recall a particular theme , such as a historical or fictional era ) , hybrid-consumption ( a collection of multiple consumption opportunities clustered in a particular location ) , merchandizing ( selling goods or services bearing images or logos associated with a particular place , idea or object ) , and performative labor ( making employees not only providers of services , but also “ entertainers ” ) .
On this basis , Baudrillard suggested Disneyland itself was the most real place in the US as it did not pretend to be anything more than a theme park .
CC0
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – Europe
A multi-vehicle accident is causing severe delays on the M1 heading towards Derby this afternoon .
Highways England says the crash happened on the northbound carriageway between Junction 24 for East Midlands Airport and Junction 25 for A52 Brian Clough Way .
Two lanes were closed and there are traffic delays of around 50 minutes .
There is around four miles of stationary traffic heading back past Junction 24A .
Follow our live updates below .
I guess we can assume that not much work will get done at workplaces across America this monday as an estimated 14 million people are expected to call out sick with some sort of post-Super Bowl illness .
A survey found that 13.9 million workers expect to have a “ bad cough ” or “ stomach virus ” or “ the flu ” on Monday . Folks have been researching the Big Game 's effect on the workforce for more than a decade and while numbers may fluctuate each year , one clear fact remains : # SuperSickMonday is often the biggest day in America for calling out of work . ”
The survey also found that 25 percent of people believe the day after the Super Bowl should be a national holiday . I totally agree that it should ! -Mitch-
Subscribe to read : Financial Times
Donald Trump 's bellicosity on Iran is tricky to turn into action
Health and wellbeing will be promoted at libraries across West Sussex in March .
A number of activities will be run during Wellbeing Month including laughter workshops , stress reduction sessions , wellbeing MOTs , dance demonstrations , and guided walks .
There is also a special Wellbeing Day at Crawley Library for carers and people who receive care .
More information on all the events are available at www.westsussex.gov.uk/libraryevents
Libraries will also be highlighting other books that can help residents ' wellbeing such as those on exercise , diet and promoting good health .
The eLibrary at www.westsussex.gov.uk/libraries/elibrary also has a wide variety or eBooks and eMagazines to borrow .
Libraries can also give information or point people in the right direction to find more specialised support .
Libraries can also help people find a new hobby or interest through its clubs and societies database at www.westsussex.gov.uk/find-my-nearest/local-club-or-society
Do n't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live .
Here are four ways you can be sure you 'll be amongst the first to know what 's going on .
1 ) Make our website your homepage
2 ) Like our Facebook page
3 ) Follow us on Twitter
4 ) Register with us by clicking on ‘ sign in ' ( top right corner ) . You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here .
And do share with your family and friends - so they do n't miss out !
Always the first with your local news .
Be part of it .
The Knicks ' Enes Kanter had a funny suggestion for the All-Star Game format after the NBA announced the changes that 'll be made ( there 'll be no more East vs. West ) .
Kanter says they should make it a team of all hoodies against a team where everyone believes the Earth is flat . Ha . Ha .
Funny line/suggestion from Enes Kanter on the new All Star format : `` One team all-hoodies versus one team that believes the earth is flat . '' — Ian Begley ( @ IanBegley ) October 6 , 2017
Get it ? Like a team of guys who wear hoodies like Hoodie Melo against a team of guys who think the Earth is flat like Kyrie Irving once said they did .
Good one .
But I really hope there are n't enough stars in the league to form an entire team of flat-Earth truthers .
Sussex Police have offered fresh advice to farmers and landowners on how to avoid rural burglaries .
In a message sent out by Sussex Farm Watch coordinator Philip Ball , farmers are warned that farms can offer an attractive target to thieves on the lookout for expensive machinery and equipment .
Sussex Farm Watch coordinator Philip Ball said : “ When speaking to farmers and landowners about rural crime , I am often asked if it 's worth reporting crimes affecting the rural community .
“ Let me reassure you that Sussex Police take all reports of crime seriously and if there is the potential to collect forensic evidence from the scene then someone will attend . Please do continue to report all crimes , no matter how small they seem as individual incidents may form part of a wider series of crimes that you are not aware of . ”
PC Ball also offered 11 tips on what farmers can do to protect these properties from opportunistic thieves . They are :
1 . Restrict access to your land and property with locked gates , using British Standard locks and high security closed-shackle padlocks .
2 . Keep gates to farmyards closed whenever possible – criminals see unrestricted access as an invitation to enter .
3 . A combination of good outside security lighting , CCTV and intruder alarms will deter most thieves but make sure they are regularly checked to ensure they will work when you need them .
4 . Lock your windows and doors and remove keys from the locks keeping them out of sight .
5 . Mark all valuable equipment , tools and other property with the name of your farm and the postcode – UV pens , engraving , stamping , tagging or forensic marking are all options to consider , but above all PLEASE make a note of all serial numbers along with details of make and model .
6 . Display security marker boards to show you have security .
7 . Where possible installation fuel tanks within secure buildings or cage , keeping them locked and alarmed . Consider installing anti-siphon devices .
8 . Keep computers in well-secured buildings and change passwords monthly .
9 . Lay gravel rather than hard standing around farm buildings .
10 . Park larger vehicles in front of access doors to prevent easy access .
11 . Ensure you have adequate insurance cover .
Wafer Level Packaging ( WLP ) is intrinsically a chip size package and has the huge potential for future single chip packages . Wafer Level Packaging ( WLP ) technologies have been segmented , among which two major categories can be identified , fan-in WLP and fan-out WLP technologies , respectively . The market has been bifurcated into by application automotive , telecommunication , consumer electronics , industrial , medical , defense and aerospace , among others . Furthermore , the market by geography has been segmented into Europe , Asia Pacific , North America , South America , Middle East and Africa .
Read Report Overview @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/fan-in-wafer-level-packaging-market.html
Fan-in WLP technology confirms its presence on the semiconductor industry with indisputable advantages associated to form and cost factor . In addition , technological advancement and innovation continues and widens the area of possibilities of fan-in WLP solutions . Increasing application and usage of fan in wafer level packaging in automotive , consumer electronics and industrial applications is fueling the demand for advanced fan-in WLP solutions globally . Moreover , the “ IoT ” ( Internet of Things ) promises a wide array of new applications for which fan-in WLP would be a ideal option presenting an lucrative opportunity to boost the demand further .
Fan in wafer level packaging solution is playing an important role in semiconductor packaging field owing to the rapid advances in IC ( integrated circuit ) fabrication . Furthermore the demand for lighter , faster , smaller and cost effective electronic equipments with high performance and low-cost packaging is one of the prime factors fueling the market for fan-in wafer level packaging solutions . WLP have application in the ICs used in consumer electronic devices ; for example , smartphones and other semiconductor devices . Growing demand for technologically advancement in mobile devices which are capable of performing an array of programs in a single small-end product is one of the prime factors fueling demand for fan-in wafer level packaging technology than the conventional form of packaging solutions .
Request Report Brochure @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=15041
North America and Asia Pacific is leading the market for fan-in wafer level packaging market globally . The U.S. , China , Japan and India are anticipated to see positive growth over the forecast period from 2016 to 2024 . At present , consumer electronics industry is leading the market for FIWLP ( Fan-in Wafer Level Package ) in terms of application . However , automotive and aerospace and defense segment is anticipated to witness positive growth over the forecast period from 2016 to 2024 . The major driving factors contributing in the growth of this market is increasing usage of smartphones and other portable advance semiconductor equipments , which is having a positive impact on the FIWLP market at the global level . In addition , rising opportunities in the medical field is fueling the growth of Fan-in WLP market . Furthermore , new advance technologies for cost effective packaging solutions across different industries are major factor behind the positive growth of this market . The market for fan-in wafer level packaging is expected to witness positive growth over the forecast period from 2016 to 2024 .
About Us
Transparency Market Research ( TMR ) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services . The company 's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers . TMR 's experienced team of analysts , researchers , and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information .
TMR 's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information . With extensive research and analysis capabilities , Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports .
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower ,
90 State Street ,
Suite 700 ,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel : +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free : 866-552-3453
Email : sales @ transparencymarketresearch.com
Website : http : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com
President Donald Trump and their French counterpart Emmanuel Macron have come a long way since their `` moment of truth '' handshake .
During a state visit in Washington on Tuesday , Trump dusted off Macron 's left shoulder , saying they had to brush off a `` piece of dandruff '' .
'Eyes on Me ' - TCU Horned Frogs head coach Gary Patterson motions to their players during their game against the Southern Methodist Mustangs at Gerald J. Ford Stadium in University Park , Texas , Friday , September 23 , 2016 . ( Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News )
Newy Scruggs , sports anchor at NBC5 in Dallas-Fort Worth ( KXAS-TV ) and radio host weekly from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. on NBC Sports Radio Sirius XM 213/202 and NBCSportsRadio.com , answered questions during a live chat Wednesday . Here are some highlights :
Question : Is there any job that could lure Gary Patterson away from TCU ?
Scruggs : If Texas A & M were to open up and they gave Gary Patterson an offer ... Hmmm .
Patterson is a defensive guy and when is the last time `` The Wrecking Crew '' was `` The Wrecking Crew ? ''
Patterson is one of the best coaches in America , and if there was a job I could see them leaving the Frogs for , it would be A & M . Now , if they would ask me if they should go , I would tell Gary to stay at TCU , where they are the all-time winningest head coach , and get their 20 years in .
BERLIN ( AP ) — Chancellor Angela Merkel is pushing for the quick formation of a new governing alliance with Germany 's main center-left party , saying that only a coalition will bring the `` stable government '' needed at a challenging time for Europe .
Merkel 's conservative Union bloc and the center-left Social Democrats will begin discussions Wednesday on a possible extension of their coalition of the past four years . The Social Democrats insisted after a disastrous election result in September that they would go into opposition , but reluctantly agreed to reconsider after Merkel 's coalition talks with two smaller parties collapsed .
Merkel said Monday : `` I favor quick talks , and I think a stable government is the basis on which we can work best with France and for Europe . ''
They said a minority government `` would not be a stable government . ''
Riyadh is ready to provide Iranian Hajj pilgrims with favorable services and solve any problem they may face , an official with Saudi Arabia Hajj Ministry told an Iranian delegation .
Saudi Arabian Deputy Hajj Minister Abdolrahman Bijavi in a meeting on Sunday with Iran 's consular delegation in Medina , reaffirmed their country 's adherence to offering suitable services to the ‘ Guests of the Compassionate ' , IRNA reported .
They further said , “ My colleagues and I are ready round the clock to hear views of Hajj headquarters and solve pilgrims ' possible problems . ”
During the meeting , both sides were unanimous about respecting pilgrims ' rights and their dignity and also full implementation of the agreement earlier signed between Iran 's Hajj and Pilgrimage Organization and Saudi Hajj Ministry .
Foreign Ministry 's 10-member consular delegation arrived in Medina on August 2 to render consular services to the Iranian pilgrims in Mecca and Medina , two major Saudi cities home to holy shrines .
Iran stopped sending pilgrims to Hajj over security concerns after two deadly incidents claimed the lives of more than 470 Iranian pilgrims during the Hajj rituals in 2015 when some 4,700 people lost their lives in a human stampede in Mina , near Mecca .
Earlier , a massive construction crane had collapsed into Mecca 's Grand Mosque , killing more than 100 pilgrims , including 11 Iranians , and injuring over 200 others , among them 32 Iranian nationals .
Iran announced that it would not send its pilgrims to the annual Islamic gathering unless the Saudi officials guarantee their security , safety and dignity .
No Iranians attended Hajj congregation in 2016 due to Saudis ' failure to provide the necessary conditions for their participation . However , the situation is now different in 2017 after the Iranian and Saudi officials reached an agreement upon which the latter became committed to provide necessary grounds for the presence of the Iranian pilgrims in this year 's Hajj rituals .
FC Dallas forward Maximiliano Urruti , right , celebrates their goal against Toronto FC during first-half MLS soccer game action in Toronto , Friday , May 25 , 2018 . ( Frank Gunn/The Canadian Press via AP )
By Associated Press Contact Associated Press on Twitter :
CARSON , Calif. ( AP ) -- Ryan Hollingshead had a goal and an assist , helping FC Dallas beat the Los Angeles Galaxy 3-2 on Wednesday night .
Dallas ( 6-1-5 ) is unbeaten in its last six games against Los Angeles ( 5-7-1 ) .
FC Dallas scored two goals seven minutes apart in the first half . Mauro Díaz sent a pass along the top of the 18-yard box and Ryan Hollingshead curled it inside the post in the 33rd minute . It was Díaz 's seventh assist of the year . In the 40th minute , Hollingshead passed it across goal to find Cristian Colman at the far post for a bouncing header .
Carlos Gruezo added a breakaway goal in the 66th for a 3-0 lead .
Los Angeles got on the board in the 69th when Zlatan Ibrahimovic rolled a shot inside the far post following a defensive turnover . They scored on a volley in stoppage time after FC Dallas was reduced to 10 men following Colman 's red card .
A bemused Melbourne crowd launched into booing at a perceived insult last night , after the announcer for Guns N ' Roses , at the MCG , confused their city for Sydney .
After a considerable delay in starting the show , an announcer came on the mic and yelled `` Sydneyyyy ! You wanted the best , well they 're stuck in traffic , so here 's what you get - from Hollywood - Guns N ' Roses ! ''
The crowd immediately began booing at the obvious mistake , but once the music started , their boos turn to cheers .
The band later tweeted an apology , saying one of their long-time instrument techs , known simply as McBob , had made an error .
`` Melbourne ! Accidentally after 30 years McBob made an error , we 're truly sorry . Thank you for coming out tonight ! '' the tweet read .
Global Stepper Motor Drivers Market 2017 , presents a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Stepper Motor Drivers market globally , providing basic overview of Stepper Motor Drivers market including definitions , classifications , applications and industry chain structure , Stepper Motor Drivers Market report provides development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures . Stepper Motor Drivers market size , share and end users are analyzed as well as segment markets by types , applications and companies .
Global market research report of Stepper Motor Drivers 2017 mainly focuses on Production , means the output of Stepper Motor Drivers and Revenue , means the sales value of Stepper Motor Drivers in market . Stepper Motor Drivers market research report studies Stepper Motor Drivers in Global market , Stepper Motor Drivers market report gives detail analysis of regions especially in North America , Europe , China , Japan , Korea and Taiwan . Global Stepper Motor Drivers market report focuses on top manufacturers in global market , with their Business perspective which consist of Stepper Motor Drivers capacity , production , price , revenue and Stepper Motor Drivers market share for each manufacturer .
Download Free Sample Report @ http : //www.fiormarkets.com/report-detail/28409/request-sample
Stepper Motor Drivers Market Research Report 2017 Covers the following Manufacturers .
ON Semiconductor
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Adafruit
NJR
Microchip
Infineon
LAM Technologies
Ametek Precision Motion
SainSmart
DROK
GEMS Motor
Hobbypower
Reprap Guru
Elegoo
Pololu
Global Stepper Motor Drivers Market segments by Regions , Stepper Motor Drivers market report splits Global into several key Regions , with Stepper Motor Drivers production , Stepper Motor Drivers consumption , Stepper Motor Drivers revenue , Stepper Motor Drivers market share and growth rate of Stepper Motor Drivers in these regions , from 2011 to 2021 . Stepper Motor Drivers Market report split by Product type and Application , with Stepper Motor Drivers production , revenue , price , market share and growth rate of each type , according to Application Stepper Motor Drivers Market report focuses on consumption , market share and growth rate of Stepper Motor Drivers in each application .
Stepper Motor Drivers Market Research Report Split by Type
Type I
Type II
Access Full Report @ http : //www.fiormarkets.com/report/global-stepper-motor-drivers-market-research-report-2017-28409.html
Stepper Motor Drivers Market Research Report Split by Application
Application 1
Application 2
Table of Contents
Global Stepper Motor Drivers Market Research Report 2017
1 Stepper Motor Drivers Market Overview
2 Global Stepper Motor Drivers Market Competition by Manufacturers
3 Global Stepper Motor Drivers Production , Revenue ( Value ) by Region ( 2017-2022 )
4 Global Stepper Motor Drivers Supply ( Production ) , Consumption , Export , Import by Regions ( 2017-2022 )
5 Global Stepper Motor Drivers Production , Revenue ( Value ) , Price Trend by Type
6 Global Stepper Motor Drivers Market Analysis by Application
7 Global Stepper Motor Drivers Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis
8 Stepper Motor Drivers Manufacturing Cost Analysis
9 Industrial Chain , Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers
10 Marketing Strategy Analysis , Distributors/Traders
11 Market Effect Factors Analysis
12 Global Stepper Motor Drivers Market Forecast ( 2017-2022 )
13 Research Findings and Conclusion
14 Appendices
Methodology
Analyst Introduction
Data Source
Contact Us
Mark Stone
Sales Manager
Phone : ( 201 ) 465-4211
Email : sales @ fiormarkets.com
Web : www.fiormarkets.com
New research co-authored by a New Zealand scientist has linked deforestation in Central and West Africa to the deadly Ebola virus .
The study , published today in journal Scientific Reports , finds that forested areas that were being cleared were also hotspots for the bat-borne virus , which killed more than 11,000 people in West Africa and caused global panic in the most recent epidemic .
While previous research has addressed how the virus spread among human populations , and how it could be contained after an outbreak , scientists have been trying to better understand the processes that led to the outbreak , in hope of stopping future epidemics before they can start .
Massey University 's Dr David Hayman and colleagues looked at forested regions in Central and West Africa where Ebola outbreaks had already occurred , and then analysed how fragmented the forest cover was in these areas .
`` We found that Ebola virus disease outbreaks had occurred in areas that were hotspots of deforestation , '' Hayman said .
`` This suggests that the risk of Ebola virus disease is increased for people in fragmented forest regions . ''
In this context , deforestation was a concern as it brought humans into contact with wild animals , some of which could infect people .
`` In the case of Ebola virus , it appears bats are reservoirs , and although we do not know the exact mechanisms , other research has shown more generalist fruit bats , such as those that have been linked to Ebola virus , increase in numbers in fragmented forest patches , '' they said .
Continued below .
Related Content New Zealand scientist helps identify future Ebola hotspots Kiwi nurse tests negative for Ebola Explainer : What is the Ebola virus ?
`` Based on our finding , we speculate that when people fragment the forests they inadvertently are increasing the likelihoods that they will come into contact with Ebola virus hosts . ''
The new findings suggested that scientists monitoring Ebola should focus on the hotspot areas of habitat fragmentation .
`` But more generally it would be good if decision-makers at the local , regional and national levels in these countries could attempt to manage human interactions with the environment in a way that does not lead to habitat fragmentation , '' they said .
`` This is much harder , because it means changing peoples ' behaviour , but it 's probably the most important message to come from this work . ''
Although Ebola typically occurs in outbreaks in tropical regions of Sub-Saharan Africa , Hayman said the study 's main message - that we should consider how we interact with the environment - was applicable to any country .
`` One of the problems with studies on African systems is that people think that they are only true for Africa , but that is misguided . It is easy to cast aspersions on people in other regions .
`` Here in New Zealand people engage with the environment differently but there will still be consequences that should not be taken lightly . ''
The research follows another study , co-authored by Hayman and published last year , which used new algorithms to identify potential Ebola virus hosts that had n't yet been identified as hosts and to map where they lived to help surveillance efforts .
This profile was built using the life history , physiological , and ecological attributes of the 21 bat species known to harbour filoviruses .
With 57 variables , from diet and reproductive behaviour to migratory patterns and species density , the algorithm predicted features that distinguished bats that had tested positive for filoviruses from other bat species with 87 per cent accuracy .
When the world 's bat species were compared against this profile , many new potential bat hosts were identified based on their traits .
While many were found in sub-Saharan Africa , they were more widely distributed than first expected , ranging across Southeast Asia and Central and South America .
There was nothing to suggest New Zealand 's native bat species could be affected .
- NZ Herald
Sea of Thieves only has a few things for players to do , and that lack of variety has been the Xbox One and PC game 's biggest weakness . A new event , The Hungering Deep , tries to break up the grinding with a quest that brings players together to hunt a massive shark . The quest itself is a little basic , but the final battle is a climactic showcase of everything Sea of Thieves does well—and it 's actually bringing players together to cooperate , instead of just trying to murder each other .
It 's already possible to encounter the Kraken while sailing in Sea of Thieves . The giant , tentacle beast grasps at unlucky ships who wander into its path . This new event adds The Hungering One , a giant megalodon that players can summon for a massive battle . It 's one of the most exciting experiences you can have in the game . But if you want to survive the challenging boss encounter , you 'll need to cooperate with other players , not just your shipmates .
One of the most treacherous aspects of Sea of Thieves is how often encounters between two ships turn into pitched battles , instead of mutual alliances . The lack of cooperative interaction in Sea of Thieves is n't necessarily a problem—you 're pirates , after all—but it does limit what you can do . The Hungering Deep encourages player cooperation by requiring at least five players to summon its dangerous megalodon monster . That means that even if you have a full crew of four friends , you 'll need to recruit strangers on your quest . The first time I played , I tried it as a solo player and was picked up by a crew of friendly Twitch streamers who let me tag along . The second time , I captained a full galleon that teamed up with another crew . This kind of friendly interaction is a rarity that I 'd never quite seen before , and was a refreshing change of pace .
Unfortunately , some of The Hungering Deep 's luster is worn off by the tiresome lead-up to the big battle . Players need to visit a lone hermit on an island before deciphering clues to locate their journals hidden around the world . It 's supposed to feel like a grand treasure hunt , but it feels a little too close to all the other stuff you do in Sea of Thieves , going from one location to the next without much ever really happening . There 's no special traps to avoid or monsters to brave . The quest feels a bit more like a chore than a search for pirate secrets .
Advertisement
Thankfully , the boss fight at the end is a damn good time . Once you complete the scavenger hunt , you earn a drum . When five players bang their drums in the right spot , the Hungering One appears , lurking beneath the waves before popping up to bite chunks out of your boat . Coordination is crucial , with gunners firing cannons to drive the beast back while other crewmates focus on repairs . It 's very easy to lose this fight if you 're not paying attention and managing your ship properly . Each attack rocks your boat , possibly launching your friends into the sea . It 's a rough and raucous showdown full of explosions and teeth that 's much better than grinding out the same skeleton hunt bounties over and over again .
The rewards for slaying the beast are surprisingly modest : a few personal cosmetic options and a new ornament to place on the bow of your boat . If you 're expecting epic loot , The Hungering Deep wo n't deliver . But it does offer an amazing fight and a blueprint for how future events could bring the community together in new and exciting ways .
Advertisement
Last night , after a particularly dire battle with the Hungering One , I saw four ships sail into a cove together , all four crews joining in a bit of celebratory drinking and dancing . Before this event , that would have been unfathomable . If The Hungering Deep is where things will go for Sea of Thieves , the future looks good .
‘ The real test will be against Hurricanes'- Coach Crandon
By Sean Devers in Antigua
Guyana Jaguars sit level on nine points with Leewards Hurricanes going into today 's Regional Super50 Festival at the Coolidge ground with two wins from two matches with the host having a slightly superior net run rate .
Jaguars ' Head Coach Esuan Crandon feels that today 's game will be their toughest match so far .
“ The two games we played would 've tested us to a certain extent . I still believe the real test is going to be versus Hurricanes and Scorpions… we have got to lift our game and minimise on unnecessary mistakes , ” the former Guyana fast bowler said .
The 36-year-old Berbician says the bowling unit have done a very good job thus far to restrict the opposition to less than two hundred runs in each inning .
“ Bishoo and Permaul were outstanding with the ball doing most of the damage . Our quicks were able to strike early and put pressure on the middle order , ” continued Crandon .
Crandon is however not pleased with overall work of the bowlers .
“ I was n't particularly happy with the way we bowled in the back end of the innings . We have got to be more specific and clear about our execution to each batter , ” added the pacer .
“ It 's always been a concern to us when we allow the lower order to frustrate us but it 's a work in progress . I think we have to find ways to finish the job and not prolong the game… we will definitely be aggressive and try and bowl enough wicket taking deliveries , ” said Crandon .
Looking at their next game today , they said they expect a tough contest but was confident that if the Jaguars bat well they could come on top and remain in the only unbeaten team in Group ‘ B ' of the tournament .
“ Yes we 're anticipating a very competitive game against the Hurricanes …they have gotten off to a very good start . We will discuss their individual players and plan for them .
The ground is small and both teams will be looking to capitalise on that , ” stated Crandon at yesterday 's practice session at the Sir Vivian Richards stadium .
Crandon said they expect tremendous support from the Jaguars fans since they know that thousands of Guyanese reside on this 108-Sq Mile Island .
“ It 's Sunday and it 's a Day/Night game and it should be a good contest since there are very good players on both sides so come out in yours numbers and support us like you usually do for 50 and 20 overs cricket , ” concluded Crandon , who played in the Standford T20 tournament at this very ground .
This game will have live Radio Commentary and will be streamed live on cricketwestindes.org from 14:00hrs .
0:45 New Year 's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss : I need a rest , time away
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
2:08 Feeding the Children
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement ?
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called them the N-word
Bollywood diva Kareena Kapoor Khan enjoyed some downtime with their ‘ orignal veeres ' , Amrita Arora , sister Karisma Kapoor and Malaika Arora .
Amrita Arora took to Instagram to share the alluring moments as they wrote , “ The original veere , s ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? # girlpower ? ? # girlsforever @ rheakapoor @ sonamkapoor # peepsforlife ? ? ? ? ? ? # veeresforlife ? ? ? ? @ reallyswara @ shikhatalsania @ therealkarismakapoor @ malaikaarorakhanofficial @ mallika_bhat # mybeebo # veerediwedding # kareenakapoorkhan . ”
Kareena looked stunning in a black top and blue flared denim . Karisma Kapoor , Amrita Arora , and Malaika Arora also looked super stylish .
The star has been on a promotional spree for their comeback film , ‘ Veere Di Wedding ' which is slated to release on June 1 .
The movie also stars Sonam Kapoor Ahuja , Swara Bhaskar , Shikha Talsaniaand Sumeet Vyas .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
FOX 4 got a chance to sit down with singer-songwriter and record producer Pharrell Williams to talk about their work on the new film , `` Hidden Figures . ''
The film as the real life tale of the team of African-American women who provided NASA with important mathematical data that paved the way for the Project Mercury missions and the Apollo 11 moon landing .
`` Hidden Figures '' stars Taraji P. Henson , Octavia Spencer , Janelle Monáe , Kevin Costner , Kirsten Dunst and Jim Parsons . Pharrell Williams worked as producer and composer for the film .
Watch the trailer below :
- WWE posted this video of Braun Strowman sending a warning to Samoa Joe , Roman Reigns and WWE Universal Champion Brock Lesnar ahead of their Fatal 4 Way match at WWE SummerSlam on Sunday .
- As noted , Mae Young Classic competitor Kairi Sane worked their first WWE NXT live events at shows this past weekend in Florida . They tweeted the following on making their yellow brand arrival :
I had a great experience the NXT live events for the first time at this weekend .
I felt your kindness .
I 'm really appreciate to you ! ? ? ? ? pic.twitter.com/IvyADmUh9D — Kairi Sane ? ? ( @ KairiSaneWWE ) August 13 , 2017
- Below is video of Cathy Kelly announcing John Cena vs. WWE Champion Jinder Mahal in a non-title match for this week 's WWE SmackDown :
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @ this_is_marc . Got a news tip or correction ? Send it to us by clicking here .
Catch up on stories from the past week ( and beyond ) at the Slashdot story archive
The second annual Hawaiʻi Small Business Conference is scheduled for May 2-3 , 2018 , at the Maui Arts & Cultural Center in Kahului .
The first day of the conference , May 2 , national and local business leaders and successful business owners will share important strategies for business success . The next day , four workshops will provide additional insights .
Small business that are interested in gaining tips on how to deliver exceptional customer service , pay less taxes , promote a company , and protect a brand are encouraged to attend the upcoming HSBC workshops on Thursday , May 3 .
On May 3 , three-hour workshop sessions will run parallel both morning ( 9 a.m. to noon ) and afternoon ( 1 to 4 p.m. ) . Workshops will feature :
Karen McCullough , a nationally acclaimed Generations Speaker , will lead the first workshop , “ Going Beyond Your Brand – Delivering WOW Service . ”
During this workshop , attendees will learn how to connect business ' vision and brand to the behaviors of its employees , examine the five keys to creating high engagement , and more . “ Your brand is the core of your company , the heart of your business , the soul of your culture , and the foundation for a WOW customer experience , ” says McCullough . “ The way you get Beyond the Brand is through employee and customer engagement . Engaged employees are critical to the success of every organization . Engaged employees perform at high levels and create emotional engagements with the customer . ”
The second workshop , “ Tax Strategies for Small Business , ” Robert Kawahara , CPA , Managing Member of Kawahara + Hu , will share information on how to reduce taxes for a business , the latest tax changes , and how to plan ahead . “ Taxes can often take a big bite out of the income of a small business and owners need information to make proper business decisions , ” says Kawahara . “ Understanding taxes and effective tax planning will go a long way in helping you keep more of the money you earn . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Gwen Woltz , Co-owner or Wahine Media , will lead the third workshop , “ Maximizing Your Social Media Budget . ”
“ A thriving online presence and reputation is essential to the success of any business today . One of the biggest misconceptions about small businesses in Hawaiʻi is that we are limited because we are on an isolated island or that we ca n't compete with mainland businesses , ” says Woltz . “ I hope to show attendees that Hawaiʻi small businesses are not limited because we are on a small island but empowered to do things a little differently . Hawaiʻi small businesses have a unique advantage that no other small businesses have – a strong sense of place and community – a perfect formula to thrive on social media . ”
In the fourth workshop , “ Intellectual Property and Branding , ” William McKeon , Keri Mehling and Rebecca Filipovic of McKeon Sheldon Mehling ( A Limited Liability Law Company ) will discuss what trademarks are , why they are important , and how to develop and protect a strong trademark .
“ A company 's trademark , the brand under which they sell their goods or services , is oftentimes one of their most valuable assets , ” said Filipovic . “ Developing a strong trademark and taking steps to protect it should be an integral part of any small business strategy from the outset . It also helps owners focus on what their long term goals or end game might be , whether it 's licensing their brand , manufacturing products or eventually selling the company . ”
The cost for the full-day Conference on May 2 , is $ 95 per person and includes lunch . The cost for the May 3 workshops is $ 35 per person per workshop . Lunch is available for an additional $ 20 per person .
Register online here . For additional information , email smallbiz @ medb.org or call ( 808 ) 875-2300 .
For a full conference and workshops schedule , click here .
Janet and Steve now spend up to half their month housesitting - and use the money to go on six holidays a year .
A couple have revealed how they enjoy a celebrity lifestyle – taking six holidays a year and living in six-bedroom mansions with swimming pools – thanks to quitting the nine to five .
Fed-up with the daily grind , former £12,000-a-year part-time customer service assistant Janet Groom , 51 , of Biddenden , Kent , had a lightbulb moment when they spotted a magazine feature about house and pet sitting .
Since persuading their husband Steve , 55 – then a civil servant with a £28,000 annual salary – to resign , downsize and caretake people 's properties and pets instead , they said they have lived like the rich and famous , adding : “ There 's so much variety . ”
Janet and Steve in Madeira ( Collect/PA Real Life )
They added : “ We can be at a 10-bed house in the countryside , with a swimming pool and tennis courts , or a house by the river Thames in London .
“ It really is lovely . Sometimes , I just lie by the side of the pool and send a picture to my family , teasing them . It does feel like we 're having a holiday . so we can pay for another holiday ! ”
Now spending up to half of each month living in sprawling country manors and luxurious city homes , Janet first left their job in 2011 , when they were 44 , with Steve quitting the civil service , where they had worked for 32 years , soon after .
Janet and Steve in Vietnam earlier this year ( Collect/PA Real Life )
Janet , 51 , said : “ We absolutely love our life now . The people we work with are fantastic and make sure that we really feel at home – even though we are n't staying in our house . We love looking after their pets .
“ It really does n't feel like work at all , but it helps to give us lots of time away each year as well . ”
In 2011 , Janet , then 44 , decided to give up their office job and take some time out .
Janet with Bracken and Steve with Barney ( PA Real Life/Craig Chambers )
They said : “ I 'd always worked in an office environment and had been working in various call centre customer service roles for about 10 years .
“ I was n't very happy with my job and decided to give it up , take some time and had planned to do something else – but it did n't work out that way . ”
When they realised Steve was sick of their job , too , they knew the world could be their oyster .
Janet and Steve on holiday in Kerala , India ( Collect/PA Real Life )
Janet laughed : “ We were lying in bed one night and I just said . ‘ If you are n't happy with your job , resign . '
“ In my head , I started to do some figures . I thought that if we downsized and earned a little bit on the side , we could manage .
“ I 'd read about house sitting in a magazine and had always dreamed about doing it but , at that stage , it was n't possible . ”
Janet and Steve Groom in India ( Collect/PA Real Life )
They continued : “ But now , speaking to Steve about giving up work , too , I knew it would be something we could do together . ”
So , the next day , Steve resigned and about a year later the Grooms put the house in Faversham , Kent , which they had bought for £187,000 in 2005 , on the market – selling it for £225,000 and downsizing to their current £110,000 one-bedroom flat , leaving them with £100,000 in savings .
Janet said : “ I knew we could live quite easily on £12,000 a year , without a mortgage to pay . ”
Janet and Steve enjoying a day in Eastbourne ( Collect/PA Real Life )
They added : “ We also signed up to a website called Homesitters , because we knew someone who had worked with them before .
“ After meeting the people behind it , we were all set , thinking it would be the perfect way to pay for the extra luxuries , like our holidays . ”
Within weeks , Janet and Steve were fully-booked to move into a succession of gorgeous homes , all within an 80 mile radius of their flat and now earn up to £300 a month between them from homesitting – also receiving allowances for food and travel .
Janet and Steve in Greece ( Collect/PA Real Life )
Janet , who said the couple save the money , using it to finance their six annual holidays , explained : “ When we first started , we were doing so many , but we have cut them down a bit .
“ I insist now that we do no longer than a week in one place and that we have a week off afterwards . It can be tiresome packing and unpacking all the time and I do like some time at home to see my family and friends .
“ We love travelling and seeing the world and since giving up our jobs , we have been able to do so much more of that . We can be quite flexible , so we can book cheap city-breaks and then we usually manage two all-inclusive breaks a year . Without home and pet sitting , we would n't be able to do any of that . ”
Janet with Bracken and Steve with Barney ( PA Real Life/Craig Chambers )
Having now completed around 100 jobs , the couple particularly enjoy meeting and looking after the animals at each home .
Janet said : “ One of our biggest tasks is looking after the pets – mostly it 's dogs or cats , but we 've had everything from sheep and goats to chickens .
“ Before this , I was n't a dog person at all , but I have really fallen in love with them . I love cuddling them and taking them for walks and Steve loves playing with them . ”
“ Being a homesitter is a change from the hum drum and gets us out and about , staying in new places . We also get our dog… Posted by Homesitters Limited on Sunday , June 17 , 2018
They added : “ At the moment , we are too busy looking after other people 's pets to have our own , but we 'd now like a dog one day . ”
Despite retirement being just five years away for Steve , the couple are so happy in their new roles , that they have no plans to put their feet up just yet .
“ We might cut down on the amount we do , but we absolutely love it , ” said Janet . “ Even when we do retire , we 'd still love to do a few house sitting stints , as we get to stay in lovely places , with lovely pets . We 're so glad we gave up our jobs – as this is the perfect lifestyle for us . ”
For more information about Homesitters , visit www.homesitters.co.uk
© Press Association 2018
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Base Station Antenna Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market . The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status , growth rate , and trends . The market report comprises historical , current , and projected revenues for each sector , segment , end-user segment , and region . The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Tongyu , Comba , Mobi , Andrew , Shenglu .
The report begins with introducing the global Base Station Antenna market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market , constraints , risks , opportunities , current trending factors , PEST and PROTER 'S Five Forces survey , applications , topographical region markets , and competitive landscape . Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Base Station Antenna report . The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy , industry news and expansions , and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence .
Request for Sample Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-base-station-antenna-market/5896/ # requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market , for instance , key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products . The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement , which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments ; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals . The report provides the main region , market conditions with the product price , profit , capacity , production , supply , demand , and market growth rate and forecast etc . This report also Present new project SWOT analysis , investment feasibility analysis , and investment return analysis .
Geographically , this report is portioned into a few key Regions , with generation , utilization , income ( million USD ) , piece of the pie and development rate in these areas , from 2018 to 2025 ( gauge ) , covering United States , China , Europe , Japan , Southeast Asia , India and Rest of World .
Base Station Antenna Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation : Antenna , Combiner , TMA .
Base Station Antenna Market Analysis by Application Segmentation : Operate Communication , Others .
Key points in the Base Station Antenna Market Report :
1 ) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2 ) Assess the production processes , major issues , and solutions .
3 ) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4 ) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry .
5 ) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price ( Price and Margin , Factors of Price Change , Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis ) .
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-base-station-antenna-market/5896/ # inquiry
From all of this Base Station Antenna market information , the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Base Station Antenna market players : New players , stakeholders , marketing unit , administrative authorities and Base Station Antenna distributors/manufacturers . The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize . Further , the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data , in both terms revenue and volume . In addition to this , the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report . This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023 .
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports . You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store , which covers global industry and the regional markets . All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips .
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales @ indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone : +1 202 888 3519
Web : https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
A weekend-long cycling event that has been taking place in the City of Binghamton for 33 years , attracting over 1,000 athletes and several thousand spectators , has been canceled for this summer .
STOP-DWI Coordinator Chris Marion confirmed the Chris Thater Memorial Race will not take place this August .
The races for amateur and professional cyclists were created in honor of Chris Thater , a 23-year-old cycling enthusiast and Binghamton University graduate who was killed by a drunk driver near Harpursville in 1983 .
Scheduled for the last weekend in August , Binghamton has each year closed off different parts of the city , according to the race route , which was recently moved from the west side of Binghamton to downtown .
On Monday , when Fox 40 emailed Binghamton Deputy Mayor Jared Kraham about the status of the Thater races , Kraham did not appear aware that the event had been called off .
`` It 's unlikely just based on the timing . I know Broome County was looking at different options earlier in the year , but nothing since . It not being a city event I ca n't say definitively . ''
Marion did not respond to our calls or emails asking why the race was canceled .
“ If we actually are going to rebuild the Democratic Party , and if we want to elect Democrats at the local and state level , then you can not fund a bunch of elite groups in Washington , D.C. , ” says Jane Kleeb , chair of the Nebraska Democratic Party . ( Courtesy of Mary Anne Andre )
Climate campaigner and Democratic Party activist Jane Kleeb is lighting a fire on the prairie .
We have to get back to the 50-state strategy 's decentralized model of trusting people to know what they 're doing . We know how to win elections—on the ground .
The political revolution is alive and well in Nebraska . In December 2016 , Jane Kleeb , a self-described “ mom with a minivan , ” took the reins of the Nebraska Democratic Party . In the race for party chair the previous June , Kleeb , a Sanders surrogate during the primaries , defeated Chuck Hassebrook ( who backed Hillary Clinton ) by 42 votes out of the 410 cast . Following their election , Kleeb threw down the gauntlet and declared : “ The opposition party is now here . ”
Kleeb grew up in Broward County , Fla. , the daughter of a mother who was president of Florida Right to Life . In 2004 , at the age of 30 , they got their start in national politics working for the Democratic National Committee as the executive director of the Young Democrats of America . In 2011 , they were elected to the school board of Hastings , Neb . They live outside the town of 25,000 on a farm with their husband Scott and their three daughters .
In 2010 , Kleeb founded Bold Nebraska , an organization that began organizing opposition to the Keystone XL pipeline . In These Times first featured Kleeb in a February 2014 story in which they spoke out against AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka 's endorsement of Keystone and invited them “ to come to Nebraska and visit with farmers and ranchers whose livelihoods are directly put at risk. ” Two months later , In These Times covered the anti-pipeline protests in Washington that Kleeb helped organize .
This spring , Kleeb was back in the spotlight . They joined the board of Our Revolution , the organization that grew out of the Sanders campaign , which endorsed Heath Mello , a progressive Nebraska state legislator who ran for mayor of Omaha . The Wall Street Journal falsely reported that Mello had cosponsored a bill “ requiring women to look at an ultrasound image of their fetus before receiving an abortion. ” Ilyse Hogue , president of NARAL Pro-Choice America and a big Clinton supporter , ran with the story , lambasting Sanders and Tom Perez for kicking off the Democrats ' Unity Tour with an endorsement of Mello . ( She apparently forgot that NARAL had endorsed Clinton 's pro-life vice-presidential pick Tim Kaine months before . ) Perez subsequently waffled on their support of Mello , who lost in a city that Clinton had carried . Kleeb , however , was a vocal defender of Mello and remains so . ( For another perspective on the controversy , see “ Democrats ' Waffling on Abortion Rights Is n't Just Wrong , It 's a Huge Political Mistake ” ) In These Times spoke with Kleeb by phone .
How is the Democratic Party 's 50-state strategy working out ?
It 's not , yet . We have to get back to the 50-state strategy 's decentralized model of trusting people to know what they 're doing . We know how to win elections—on the ground . We had this very progressive candidate running for mayor in Omaha , Heath Mello , and Democrats in the entire state were behind him . This race was critical—it was in one of the top 10 congressional district targets in the country for us to take back the House . But Mello is pro-life , like many of the Democrats in Nebraska , and Democratic National Committee Chair Tom Perez got pressured by NARAL and sent out a press release condemning Mello . Democrats ca n't stay in this D.C. bubble and think that is how we 're going to win elections .
How do progressive down-ballot candidates in Nebraska have to differ from those in , say , Brooklyn ?
They have to be connected to where the people are on the issues that they care about , because they 're representing those individuals . Heath Mello was authentically pro-life . Their mom was a teenage mom who cleaned houses to raise a family , and they feel deeply committed to the choice that their mom made . But we also have to challenge the voters and make sure that they understand that being pro-life means expanding Medicaid , and not taking away funding from health clinics , especially our rural health clinics . That 's where we Democrats have to stand up . We ca n't become Republican-lite .
Farmers and ranchers know that I 'm a progressive Democrat and that I support gay marriage , and I support gun safety laws , but that I also support their property rights . So , you earn voters ' respect by being very clear on where you stand—but at the same time , really trying to push people out of their comfort zone .
Do you think it was a mistake to make Heath Mello 's race a national race ?
Nationalizing races is exactly what we should be doing , so we can lift up the local issues that we 're fighting for and showcase Democrats like Mello , who stood up for DREAMers when nobody else was in Nebraska , and who as a legislator came up with the first-ever climate action plan in the state . If we 're not going to take dark money and big corporate money , we need as many people as possible to be giving small donations to candidates all over the country .
Can someone be a pro-life progressive ?
You can definitely be pro-life and progressive . But , if you 're pro-life in name only , that 's where I would draw the line . Some Republicans are pro-life in name only . If they were truly pro-life , they would be giving more money to health clinics , rather than taking it away . They would be expanding Medicaid for all , rather than taking health insurance away . But pro-life Democrats also need to support women 's reproductive rights . So if you 're a pro-life Democrat and you are out there saying that you 're going to ban abortion , then you should probably change your party registration to Republican . But if you 're a pro-life Democrat doing everything you can to reduce the number of abortions—expanding birth control , expanding Medicaid , supporting comprehensive sex ed in schools—then you 're just as progressive as a pro-choice Democrat .
Nebraska is shaping up to be the last stand against the Keystone Pipeline . What is your strategy for winning ?
Focusing on the landowners . We believe—not just with Keystone XL but with all pipeline fights—that the one thing that citizens hold in their control that the pipeline companies need is land . We are going to focus on property rights . Keystone would be the first time in our state 's history that we are giving eminent domain for private gain to a foreign corporation . That opens a dangerous door to other foreign corporations that are currently buying up land in our state , particularly China , which wants to create these big hog facilities to then ship their products back to China . Those foreign corporations use our land and threaten our water so they can get products to the export market . That 's exactly what TransCanada is doing .
Do you see a path for U.S. action in time to avert catastrophic climate change ?
The path is clear . One , end eminent domain for private gain for fossil fuel corporations . Two , ban new fossil fuel infrastructure , including drilling in our public lands and in our public oceans . Three , create a hard-hat revolution . Not just for building solar and wind , which clearly we need to do , but also expanding the use of biofuels , which I know some of my sisters and brothers in the climate movement do n't agree with . I think it takes the market share away from big oil , and it 's certainly better for the environment and for emissions .
We have let the climate get very close to the brink of disaster . What could the climate movement have done better ?
Not make us feel guilty for not having an electric car , which is sometimes what I feel in a room of climate advocates . I drive a minivan and my husband drives a pickup , therefore I 'm a bad environmentalist ? Um , no . Can we start talking about systemic ways that we 're going to tackle climate change ?
How did growing up with a mother who was an anti-abortion activist affect you ?
I would go with my mom to every speech they would give , every vigil and protest they would organize . I saw from an early age that the way you take action is in the streets . I did n't realize that was n't normal for other families .
What do you see as the likely future of the Democratic Party ?
It 's going to be more local , and it 's going to be way more diverse , and that 's not just diversity of skin color , right , but diversity of geography and economic background .
And the future of the GOP ?
The Republicans continue to go to the extreme far right , from building the wall and banning Muslims , to taking away health insurance and voting rights , to saying that climate change does not exist . They 're on a very narrow electoral path , and I think you 'll see a very different 2018 election cycle .
CAGAYAN DE ORO CITY : The leader of the armed group who figured in a gun battle with lawmen serving search warrant in Bukidnon where three soldiers were wounded , surrendered on Tuesday .
Tarcisio Barros , accompanied by the mayor of Libona town , surrendered to Bukidnon Gov . Jose Zubiri and was turned over to the Criminal Investigation and Detection Group ( CIDG ) in Cagayan de Oro City .
They are the husband of village chief Cherry Barros , of Barangay Kinawi , Bukidnon , who was arrested during the raid along with 18 people , allegedly serving as their private armies .
Barros , the former chairperson of Kinawi , escaped together with several other unidentified suspects after a shootout with government troopers who raided their residence at dawn last Saturday .
Armed with six search warrants , the lawmen , led by the CIDG regional command in Cagayan De Oro City , swooped down on the Barros residence but were met with a volley of gunfire . The firefight left three soldiers wounded .
The combined military forces , however , overran the armed group and arrested the incumbent barangay chairperson and their supporters . The raiding team also confiscated a cache of high powered firearms , ammunitions and explosives from the house .
Barros and some of their unidentified followers escaped the military cordon following the firefight and had been the object of manhunt until their surrender .
Supt . Melgar Devaras , of the CIDG regional command , has taken custody of Barros , who will also be charged in court with attempted and frustrated murder aside from illegal possession of firearms and explosives .
CRIS DIAZ
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach Pause
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion , complexity in California 's new gun laws
1:36 2016 's worst red-light runners
1:33 How to grill ribs : Tips from The Rib Line 's kitchen
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
2:43 Take a look inside the historic Atascadero Printery building
1:07 California still working on getting young voters to cast ballots
2:48 Former Sacramento sex worker talks about life on the street
1:28 California Republicans get sweaty for dog safety
Npm , Inc. has announced the release of the npm @ 6 package manager . It will feature powerful new security features , such as automatic warnings when developers try to use open source code with known vulnerabilities , and ‘ npm audit , ' which is an npm command that allows developers to analyze complex code and pinpoint specific vulnerabilities .
A recent npm survey found that 97 percent of JavaScript developers use open source code and that 77 percent of them express concern about whether the open source software they use is secure . Additionally , 52 percent of developers do n't think there are satisfactory ways to evaluate whether code is safe .
“ Node.js has proven to be a reliable platform for applications at any scale . It is used across industries to build everything from APIs to cloud , mobile and IoT applications , ” said Mark Hinkle , executive director of the Node.js Foundation . “ The release of npm @ 6 is another great testament to the Node.js ecosystem 's focus and work on making security a top priority , and helping developers build the world 's most scalable , mission-critical JavaScript applications . ”
Other new features include performance enhancements , optimizations for continuous integration , webhooks management , more visible package integrity metadata , and automatic resolution of lockfile conflicts .
“ Before npm security , people were just hoping for the best , ” Adam Baldwin , Head of Security at npm , Inc. “ Every developer needs to know that the code they use is safe . By alerting the entire npm community to security vulnerabilities within a tool they already use , we can make JavaScript development safer for everyone . ”
Hi ! We notice you 're using an ad blocker . Please consider whitelisting Autoblog .
We get it . Ads can be annoying . But ads are also how we keep the garage doors open and the lights on here at Autoblog - and keep our stories free for you and for everyone . And free is good , right ? If you 'd be so kind as to whitelist our site , we promise to keep bringing you great content . Thanks for that . And thanks for reading Autoblog .
Whitelist Us !
Receiving Wide Coverage ... More legal woes : Wells Fargo has been hit with yet another accusation of cheating its customers . CNN Money reported Friday the bank is being sued by some of its small business clients for allegedly overcharging them for processing credit card transactions over several years . According to the suit , a joint venture that is 60 % owned by Wells Fargo and 40 % by First Data charged “ massive early termination fees ” to small businesses who tried to leave .
Amid the wave of new scandals at Wells , “ now seems an odd time ” for the Federal Reserve to suggest lightening the load on bank boards of directors and “ to reduce communications between regulators and bank boards , ” New York Times financial columnist Gretchen Morgenson writes .
Paramedics were put on red alert as they struggled to meet demand on New Years Eve – the busiest night of the year for emergency services up and down the country .
East Midlands Ambulance Service imposed a ‘ Business Continuity Incident ' in response to the high number of calls to ensure they could reach people in potentially life-threatening condition .
Paramedics received 1153 in the first nine hours of January 1 , and 2,730 by 9pm – close to double their average daily callouts . Calls were varied with a number of alcohol related illness or injury , falls , breathing problems and road traffic collisions . Temporary treatment centres were opened to handle the crisis
The service said : “ Declaring the incident meant that we could put into place additional actions to help provide extra support and improve services . One of the actions included reducing staff meal-break times from 45 minutes to 20 minutes for the duration of the incident . This allowed us to have more colleagues and vehicles available during the unprecedented circumstances .
“ The actions taken did alleviate the pressure and at 9pm the Incident was de-escalated . We are sorry for the delays experienced by some of our patients , and that we were not able to provide the service that we endeavour to .
A bebrief is taking place to review the service 's response to the high demand .
John Wright of the EMAS strategic command cell said : “ New Year 's Eve has been busy as expected however we have managed the activity well . I send my personal thanks for all our colleagues and volunteers hard work and wish them all a Happy New Year . ”
Chief Executive Richard Henderson added : “ Thank you to our colleagues and volunteers for all their continued efforts in delivering the best possible patient care over the festive period and throughout the whole year - it is greatly appreciated . ”
People are reminded to use emergency service wisely and visit www.nhs.uk for details of health services that can offer advice and treatment if the illness or injury needs treatment but not as an emergency .
Illinois , 30 May 2018 ( News ) - “ Steel is a high strength alloy of iron , which is produced by impregnating iron with carbon . It has superior strength bearing and mechanical properties . Such high strength alloys are used in a number of end-use industries such as building & construction , electrical appliances , domestic appliances , oil & gas , and automotive . Among such applications , building & construction and automotive are the leading applications , where steel used prominently . The construction industry accounted for around 50 % in the overall steel consumption in 2016 .
Some of the prominent factors influencing the Global Steel Market demand are increasing automotive production across the globe , growing investment in building & construction sector . Building & construction is the leading end-use industry for steel . Owing to high strength and susceptibility to high mechanical stresses , steel is majorly used in the structural application . Mild steel has high architectural capabilities and has relatively high availability in the market . With the growing population and increasing disposable income , investments in the building & construction sector are on the rise in the emerging regions across the globe .
Get Free Sample Report : https : //www.prominentmarketresearch.com/sample-report/global-steel-market
Regional Analysis :
Based on geography , the global steel market is classified as North America , Latin America , Europe , Asia Pacific , and the Middle East & Africa . Among the asupervisorstioned regions , Asia Pacific accounted for the largest share of the global steel consumption . The region dominated the global market with 67 % share of the overall market in 2016 . Factors such as rising passenger car production and increasing construction investment in 2016 are anticipated to contribute to domestic market growth . Country wise , China is the leading producer and consumer of flat steel . Asia Pacific market is followed by Europe in terms of market share . Other emerging regions such as Latin America and the Middle East & Africa are likely to witness a healthy growth .
Key Players :
Some of the key players operating in the global steel market are ArcelorMittal , POSCO , SHAGANG GROUP Inc , NIPPON STEEL & SUMITOMO METAL CORPORATION , China BaoWu Steel Group Corporation Limited , HBIS GROUP , Tata Steel , Nucor , HYUNDAI STEEL , ChinaSteel , Maanshan Iron & Steel Company Limited , ThyssenKrupp AG , JFE Steel Corporation , JSW , and JIANLONG GROUP among others .
Get Free Customized Report Sample : https : //www.prominentmarketresearch.com/inquiry-report/global-steel-market
Key Findings :
Global steel market consumption was estimated to peg at 1,518.39 million tonnes in 2016 . Building & construction sector accounted for the largest application segment , which held 51 % share in 2016 . The segment is projected to exhibit CAGR of 2.59 % over the forecast period . Asia Pacific is the largest and fastest growing market , which accounted for 67.2 % in the overall market in 2016 . Country wise , China is the largest producer of steel owing to the high concentration of steel producers in the region . Moreover , China is also a leading consumer owing to high demand in the automotive and construction industries . Above 50 % of the total production capacity , flat steel product is owned by major twenty players in the market . ArcelorMittal Group is the leading producer with the highest production capacity for flat and long steel products .
Buy Report : https : //www.prominentmarketresearch.com/checkout/479
About Prominent Market Research :
At Prominent Market Research , we are committed to provide the best possible service and recommendations to all our customers . You will be able to speak to seasoned analyst who will understand your research needs accurately . We make it our business to look after yours , with an efficient and friendly team always available to help you .
Contact Us :
Robin Hood ,
Sale Manager ,
sales @ prominentmarketresearch.com
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The Supreme Court has upheld a challenged practice that is used to invalidate patents without the involvement of federal courts .
The justices on Tuesday rejected a bid to strike down a process established by Congress in 2011 to speed up patent reviews .
The justices voted 7-2 in favor of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office 's patent review process . It has been used to invalidate hundreds of patents since it was established in 2012 .
Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Neil Gorsuch dissented .
Seventy per cent of the Earth is covered by water and three quarters of the world 's great cities are on the coast . Ever-rising sea levels pose a real threat to more than a billion people living beside the sea . As the climate warms , this is becoming a greater threat every year .
Water levels are important in numerous contexts : storm surge prediction , ship navigation , bridge clearances , depths on nautical charts , flood protection , coastal infrastructure and defences , and so on . It is crucial to monitor sea levels and to anticipate future changes by using computer simulations of the ocean .
How do we measure sea level ? It is not so simple : the sea surface is a moving target , rising and falling with the tides and weather . Ocean currents are dynamically linked to sea surface topography and changes in currents and water density result in sea level changes .
The position of a point is fixed by giving its latitude , longitude and altitude . Satellites measure the level of the ocean surface from a position that is precisely known relative to the centre of the Earth . Satellite altimetry is astoundingly accurate and has enabled us to monitor sea levels in the open ocean across the globe . Observations show that sea levels have been rising steadily .
Variations in gravity
From space , the Earth appears smooth and round but it bulges at the equator and mountains and ocean trenches result in variations up to 10km above and below mean sea level . We can model the Earth by a flattened sphere called an oblate spheroid or ellipsoid but , because of variations in gravity , this is not a level surface . Rivers may actually flow “ uphill ” relative to the ellipsoid .
A geoid is a surface closer to the Earth 's shape , upon which the gravitational force is constant . The local vertical direction may not point towards the centre of the Earth but is always perpendicular to the geoid , which corresponds closely to the mean sea level .
Thermal expansion
Changes in global mean sea level result from changes in the total volume of water in the oceans . There are two major contributions to this : increased water mass due to melting of ice-caps and glaciers , and thermal expansion due to increasing temperature as the climate warms . Over the past century , global sea level has been rising at about 2mm each year , or about 20cm over the century . There are signs that this rate is increasing and this is one of the gravest threats associated with climate change . Over the coming century , most of our coastal cities will require substantial shoreline protection .
Andrew Parnell of the School of Mathematics and Statistics UCD is a co-author of a recent paper in the world-renowned journal Science that describes a reconstruction of temperature patterns during the last interglacial period , about 120,000 years ago . The temperature estimates are similar to today , but sea levels during this period were 6-9m higher than present levels .
This is worrying , as it indicates that global warming may lead to a continuing rise in water level . We may be committed to substantial sea level rise over the coming decades even if there is no further warming of the atmosphere .
Peter Lynch is a emeritus professor at the school of mathematics & statistics , University College Dublin . They blog at thatsmaths.com .
New mental health initiatives include programmes for preschoolers and `` e-therapy '' for young people and prisoners .
Health Minister Dr Jonathan Coleman said some of the 17 new initiatives would be in place early next year , with a number aiming to help build resilience in children as young as 3 and 4 .
The schools programme will include the development of a universal screening approach to identify mental health issues or those that left unchecked could manifest as mental health issues later on .
Coleman said the overall investment would help put care in New Zealand `` ahead of the curve '' , and evidence showed building resilience in children would help decrease mental illness further down the track .
Advertisement
New Zealand and other countries were dealing with an increase in demand for services , with social media and other aspects of modern life seemingly putting pressure on people .
`` All governments have to start doing things differently . ''
Broadly , the $ 100 million package would cover four groups : a school-based package , primary and community mental health care , distance and e-therapy , and initiatives to build an `` evidence based approach '' in the New Zealand context .
The latter will include interviews with `` hard-to-find '' groups including the homeless and transient populations .
Prime Minister Bill English said a wider range of interventions were needed .
`` There is n't one single solution that can meet all the needs in the area of mental health . But I 'm confident that the range of measures here ... represent a significant broadening of our approach to mental health , and a significant step forward . ''
The $ 100m social investment fund was previously announced as part of Budget 2017 . Labour has criticised the Government for not announcing the initiatives at the time funding was confirmed , saying it showed the government 's mental health plan was a rush job .
The initiatives include :
• A package of pilot programmes to improve e-therapy options for young people . Online therapy - also known as e-therapy or distance therapy - sees therapists use mediums such as apps and video and voice messaging to deliver counselling and support to patients .
E-therapy will also be provided to prisoners under the age of 25 .
• A package of telehealth mental health programmes for young people . In a broad sense , telehealth is the use of communication technology to deliver health care from a distance .
• New programmes to ensure follow-up support for people who attempt suicide , and to identify people at risk of suicide when they interact with police , ambulance services and emergency departments .
• The expansion of primary and community mental health and addiction care , including for people whose needs are n't easily managed by GPs but who do n't meet the threshold for specialist services .
• Support for people experiencing or at risk of acute mental health crisis to find rental accommodation and keep it .
• A new system to operate in three places that would see staff from police , ambulance and mental health services deployed together when a 111 call is made requiring a mental health response .
• A pilot to help develop `` internal self-regulatory skills '' for 3 and 4-year-olds .
• Develop a universal screening approach to identify mental health issues in school students , or issues that left unchecked could manifest as mental health issues later on .
New Zealand ranks second worst in the developed world for suicide in those aged 25 and under . It is the worst in the world for suicide in those aged 15 to 19 . The suicide rates have remained largely unchanged for two decades .
Labour has released policy to spend $ 43m in a two-year trial in areas of high demand for mental health services , such as Christchurch , ensuring all GP practices have dedicated mental health teams and all appointments related to mental health issues are free .
Coleman was recently targeted by lobby group ActionStation , which put up billboards in their Northcote electorate , challenging their decision to not launch a mental health inquiry .
The billboards look very similar to the minister 's campaign billboards with a picture of Coleman and accompanied by the words `` 77 % of Kiwis want a mental health inquiry ( But not me ) - Dr Jonathan Coleman , Minister of Health '' .
2:25
Scott Servais : Dee Gordon is as good as hoped in CF ; Dan Vogelbach confident at the plate
An Owensboro man is in jail on a long list of charges after a traffic stop .
Kentucky State Police say they tried to pull over 31-year-old Gregory O'Bryan on Reid Road , but troopers say they sped off , leading them on a short chase before they crashed into a dirt pile .
He 's charged with fleeing and evading , trafficking in synthetic drugs and possession of marijuana .
They were also wanted on a drug warrant out of Daviess County .
Copyright 2017 WFIE . All rights reserved .
It might be lingering bashfully on the icy outer edges of our solar system , hiding in the dark , but subtly pulling strings behind the scenes .
It 's a possible `` Planet Nine '' - a world perhaps 10 times the mass of Earth and 20 times further from the sun than Neptune .
The signs so far are indirect , but add up to a compelling case nonetheless .
One of its most dedicated trackers , in fact , says it 's now harder to imagine our solar system without a missing Planet Nine than with one .
Advertisement
`` There are now five different lines of observational evidence pointing to the existence of Planet Nine , '' said Konstantin Batygin , a planetary astrophysicist at Caltech in Pasadena , California , whose team may be closing in on the heavenly body .
`` If you were to remove this explanation and imagine Planet Nine does not exist , then you generate more problems than you solve .
`` All of a sudden , you have five different puzzles , and you must come up with five different theories to explain them . ''
Batygin and their co-author on a new study , Caltech astronomer Mike Brown , described the first three clues last year , and two more have since emerged .
One suggested Planet Nine could have tilted the planets of our solar system during the last 4.5 billion years , explaining a longstanding mystery .
The other involved objects from the Kuiper Belt that orbit in the opposite direction to everything else in the solar system .
`` No other model can explain the weirdness of these high-inclination orbits , '' Batygin said .
`` It turns out that Planet Nine provides a natural avenue for their generation . ''
The remaining step , of course , is to find Planet Nine itself .
If discovered , it would be a homecoming of sorts , or at least a family reunion .
Over the past 20 years , surveys of planets around other stars in our galaxy have found the most common types to be `` super Earths '' and their somewhat larger cousins - bigger than Earth but smaller than Neptune .
Yet these common , garden-variety planets are conspicuously absent from our solar system .
Weighing in at roughly 10 times Earth 's mass , the proposed Planet Nine would make a good fit .
It could turn out to be our missing super Earth .
Does morning sickness affect dads , too ?
Researchers have suggested morning sickness can take a toll on expectant dads , too . Photo /123RF Researchers have suggested morning sickness can take a toll on expectant dads , too . Photo /123RF
While it may sound enough to make women experiencing the nausea of early pregnancy scoff , researchers have suggested morning sickness can take a toll on expectant dads , too .
New research out of Australia 's Edith Cowan University examined the experience of 300 expectant couples and found more support was needed for the partners of women experiencing nausea and vomiting during pregnancy .
The study aimed to gauge expectant fathers ' awareness of what their partners were going through , and the effect it had on the dads themselves .
The study found 82 per cent of fathers is aware that their partner experienced morning sickness .
Of these , 20 per cent reported no nausea or vomiting , mild 30 per cent , moderate 37 per cent and severe 13 per cent .
The partners of all 11 women formally diagnosed with hyperemesis gravidarum , reported the nausea and vomiting was severe .
Researchers asked expectant fathers about their partners ' condition and their own mental health and found a significant increase in dads ' anxiety levels .
Although there was some support available for pregnant women during pregnancy , the fathers were often left to fend for themselves , lead researcher Julie Sartori said .
`` The study showed that in families where the mother experienced moderate or severe morning sickness , fathers reported much higher levels of anxiety . ''
That anxiety was linked to five main factors - disruption to work , feelings of frustration and helplessness , concern over depression in their partner , worry for the developing baby , and a `` sense of being manipulated '' .
`` There needs to be an active approach from medical practitioners and antenatal care providers , towards expectant fathers in cases where morning sickness is moderate or severe , '' Sartori said .
`` Professionals would normally focus on the wellbeing of pregnant women , however engaging the father as well may help relieve reported anxiety and improve outcomes in the long term . ''
Can night shift make you fat ?
A new study has drawn a link between night shift work and obesity . Photo / 123RF A new study has drawn a link between night shift work and obesity . Photo / 123RF
has drawn a link between night shift and obesity .
Researchers from the Chinese University of Hong Kong analysed data from 28 previous studies to find that night shift work was connected to a 29 per cent increase in a worker 's chance of becoming overweight or obese .
The weight was mostly centred around the worker 's stomachs , say the scientists , and mostly affected those who worked nights permanently , rather than those who worked rotating shifts .
`` Globally , nearly 0.7 billion workers are engaged in a shift work pattern , '' said the study 's senior author , Dr Lap Ah Tse .
`` Our study revealed that much of the obesity and overweight among shift workers is attributable to such a job nature .
`` Obesity has been evident to be positively associated with several adverse health outcomes , such as breast cancer , cardiovascular diseases . ''
The researchers suggest adjusting work schedules to avoid extended exposure to long-term night work could lighten the load , literally .
Founding advisory committee member retires
Patrick Moore , who has served the longest on The Merrymeeting Adult Education Advisory Committee , is retiring after 17 years of service .
Moore , who is also the SAD 75 Special Services director , had served on the board since it was formed . According to Dawn Wheeler , project administrator for Merrymeeting Adult Education , Moore will be remembered as a strong student advocate who , over the years , helped teachers find resources for special needs students and find new ways to build student support services .
The Merrymeeting Adult Education Advisory Committee 's mission is finding new projects , directions and ideas to better serve the community . Member come from different agencies , companies and roles , including Workforce Solutions , Southern ME Midcoast Chamber , Tri-County Literacy , and Southern Maine Community College . Each member brings a unique perspective to the committee , said Wheeler .
At present , the board has 16 members . Two are selected or re-appointed annually from the school boards of Brunswick and SAD 75 . The adult education director and the superintendents of Brunswick and SAD 75 serve as ex officio members . Two students also serve on the board .
St. John 's awarded grant for new gender-balanced robotics program
St. John 's Catholic School in Brunswick will use $ 7,250 in newly awarded grant funding to start a robotics program at the school . The Gizmo Garden Fund provides financial grants that empower teachers , librarians , and after school leaders to carry out gender-balanced projects in computer coding , electronics and robotics for Maine students in grades 6-12 . St. John 's was one of eight schools statewide to be awarded .
“ I plan on beginning with the Sensation Jollification Collaboration Spiritualization , a non-competitive , creative , and weekly program that focuses on building fun things while learning about C++ coding for grades 6-8 , ” said Jennifer Nelson , the new technology coordinator at St. John 's and All Saints Parish . Nelson formerly served as a software engineer for a U.S. Navy subcontractor .
The grant will help the school purchase resources such as Adafruit kits and Arduino-controlled Parallax robots .
Six boys and six girls have already shown interest in participating in the program , starting with learning electronic assembly skills and progressing all the way to creating robotic Popemobiles to demonstrate for their parents at the end of the year .
“ St . John 's is blessed with a lot of curious and avid students that are interested in robotics , coding , and engineering skills , ” said Nelson . “ It 's a perfect fit for the Gizmo Garden mission . ”
The program will also include field trips and visiting speakers who will share their insight into different aspects of engineering and technology , but the gender-based component of the program is one that is particularly important for Nelson and the school .
“ I believe in giving girls the opportunity to build confidence in technology and themselves , ” said Nelson . “ By working together while they are young , it can instill a cooperative environment between males and females that lasts a lifetime . St. John 's is always focused on finding new ways to prepare our students for the future . ”
Patrick Moore is congratulated by Diana McCain , director of Merrymeeting Adult Education , upon their recent retirement . Moore has been on The Merrymeeting Adult Education Advisory Committee since it was formed 17 years ago , and was also the SAD 75 Special Services director .
PPP member jailed for dumping faeces on Freddie Kissoon
Opposition People 's Progressive Party ( PPP ) member , Jason Abdulla was Monday jailed for six months after they were found guilty by City Magistrate Judy Latchman in connection with the dumping of faeces on Kaieteur News Columnist Freddie Kissoon seven years ago .
However , former Presidential Media Liaison Officer under the PPP administration , Kwame McCoy , and self-confessed death squad member Shawn Hinds were found not guilty of the offence of common assault .
Back on May 24 , 2010 at about 7PM , Kissoon had just emerged from Nigel 's Supermarket on Robb Street and already entered their vehicle when a man walked up to them and threw the faeces in theirs face .
Kissoon managed to drive behind the perpetrator , who ran north along Light Street then west into North Road before jumping into a waiting white AT 192 Toyota Carina motorcar and escaped .
At the time of the incident . Kissoon had been fiercely critical of the PPP and in particular now former President , Bharrat Jagdeo .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI ( AP ) — When Detroit coach Stan Van Gundy was told pregame how many Miami players were missing because of injuries , they immediately figured that their team would be tested .
They were right .
Fortunately for him , the Pistons responded .
Reggie Jackson scored 27 points , Andre Drummond finished with 25 points and 18 rebounds and the Pistons wore down the depleted Heat for a 107-98 victory Sunday night . Miami was without five players , all of whom have started this season — and had more than 70 percent of its payroll unable to play for a variety of reasons .
“ When other guys get opportunities to have the ball in their hands , it 's a dangerous thing , ” Van Gundy said .
And it was , for a while . The Heat made their first eight shots and scored 66 points in the first half . But after that sizzling beginning , Miami shot 39 percent the rest of the way and managed only 32 points after halftime .
The Heat were without what could have been a starting lineup — Goran Dragic ( back ) , Dion Waiters ( groin ) , Justise Winslow ( shoulder ) , Josh McRoberts ( foot ) and Hassan Whiteside ( eye ) .
“ They played better , ” Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said , after their team dropped its fifth straight . “ I think to be fair , we probably ran out of gas a little bit . Not as an excuse , but we were playing guys big minutes . … I told the guys there was nothing to be ashamed of in this game . ”
Kentavious Caldwell-Pope scored 23 for Detroit . James Johnson scored 20 points and Wayne Ellington had 18 for Miami , which got 14 from Josh Richardson and led by as many as 14 .
“ We really woke up at halftime , ” Drummond said . “ We talked about it . We came out with great intensity . ”
Miami scored 15 points in the third quarter and zero points in the first 5 minutes of the fourth . Detroit took command with a 27-8 run over a stretch of a little more than 8 minutes .
“ I thought we played a lot harder in the second half , ” Van Gundy said .
TIP-INS
Pistons : Marcus Morris returned after missing Friday 's game in Atlanta with a sore left knee . … The Pistons committed five fouls in the first 1:45 of the second quarter , but the Heat only got one trip to the line while in the bonus . … Detroit lost Aron Baynes to a sprained left ankle in the fourth quarter .
Heat : Whiteside was the only Miami player to been in every game this season . Miami has now used 14 different starting lineups in the last 29 games . … Miami plans to have its injured players , except McRoberts , travel with them when they leave on Monday for a six-game trip that starts in Phoenix on Tuesday . … Dragic , Winslow and Whiteside could all be back as early as Tuesday .
PAIR OF FIRSTS
A pair of streaks ended in this game . Miami was 6-0 all-time on New Year 's Day . And Detroit was 0-17 this season when trailing at the half ; the Pistons were down 66-58 at the break Sunday .
UDONIS AND UDRIH
The only current players in the NBA with names that start with “ Ud ” — Miami 's Udonis Haslem and Detroit 's Beno Udrih , a former Heat guard — chatted for a few minutes at midcourt before the game . Haslem logged a season-high 21 minutes for the short-handed Heat . Udrih did n't play .
SPO AND STAN
Even as both endure rough seasons , Spoelstra and Van Gundy remain among the NBA 's winningnest active coaches . Among coaches with at least 500 games , San Antonio 's Gregg Popovich is No . 1 in winning percentage , Washington 's Scott Brooks is No . 2 — followed by Spoelstra and Van Gundy .
UP NEXT
Pistons : Host Indiana on Tuesday , opening a quick two-game homestand .
Heat : Visit Phoenix on Tuesday . The Heat do n't play at home again until Jan. 17 .
( © Copyright 2016 The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) — Fire investigators say they do n't know what caused a weekend fire that destroyed a Minneapolis building that housed businesses , apartments and artists ' lofts .
The Minneapolis Fire Department said Wednesday that investigators were not able to get inside due to the condition of the building and the risk of collapse . So the cause of the fire is listed as undetermined .
Authorities declared the building structurally unsound , and the building was demolished Wednesday .
The fire broke out over Memorial Day weekend in the old Roberts Shoes building at the corner of Lake Street and Chicago Avenue in Minneapolis .
( © Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
After Hurricane Maria ravaged Puerto Rico and obliterated its power grid , Tesla CEO Elon Musk has expressed interest in helping to rebuild the island 's infrastructure . Given the lackluster and poorly received relief efforts by the president and US government , this has the potential to be Tesla 's flagship project if they go through with it . As of publishing , only 10 % of Puerto Ricans have power . After a Twitter user posed the question of rebuilding the grid with solar and battery technology , Musk tweeted a promising response expressing Tesla 's interest in the project .
The Tesla team has done this for many smaller islands around the world , but there is no scalability limit , so it can be done for Puerto Rico too . Such a decision would be in the hands of the PR govt , PUC , any commercial stakeholders and , most importantly , the people of PR . — Elon Musk ( @ elonmusk ) October 5 , 2017
Thursday evening , Ricardo Rossello , the governor of Puerto Rico , responded to the request saying `` let 's tallk . ''
@ elonMusk Let 's talk . Do you want to show the world the power and scalability of your # TeslaTechnologies ? PR could be that flagship project . https : //t.co/McnHKwisqc — Ricardo Rossello ( @ ricardorossello ) October 6 , 2017
Early Friday morning Musk tweeted back saying that they would be `` happy to talk . '' With such enthusiasm from both sides , it 's clear that this could be a serious project and not just another of Musk 's dreams .
The biggest hurdle to overcome is of course funding . Puerto Rico has struggled with massive amounts of debt recently and it 's not clear who would be willing or even able pay for the project . Upgrading existing infrastructure to solar is more expensive in the short term , but building a solar grid from the ground up has similar or lower costs than building new coal or gas power plants .
Puerto Rico has a population of over 3 million people which would put the project on a scale never seen before . Tesla recently won a project in South Australia to power 30,000 homes with a 100MW facility . Puerto Rico 's plan could be 100 times larger .
TMZ is reporting that Comedian Ralphie May has passed away at the age of 45 .
According to the report , May died as a private residence in Las Vegas Friday morning . Adding that the comedian has been battling pneumonia and suffered a cardiac arrest .
May fished second on ‘ Last Comic Standing ' back in 2003 and has had several comedy specials , including a Netflix Special since .
May and wife Lahna Turner filed for divorce back in 2015 . They are survived by their children April June May and August James May . They were 45 .
Theresa May - 'This is my plan for Britain '
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
Mum stabs themselves in chest as they trip over the
Theresa May announces plans for an early election
Richard Ashcroft - This is How it Feels
Lee and Whitney 'dirty dance ' for Children in Need
Watch the the Chancellor announce the Budget 2017
Young boy took Cannabis which led to their miraculo
Scientists uncover the mystery of why shoelaces c
How Theresa May called for a snap election
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The pound shed around half a per cent against the dollar this morning .
The slump comes as Theresa May is to make a statement in Downing Street at 11.15am after Cabinet .
In an unusual move , Number 10 did not announce what subject they would address but statements by the Prime Minister in the street are usually reserved for big announcements .
There is speculation that Mrs May could call a snap general election , although Downing Street has always denied they will call a vote before the next scheduled poll in 2020 .
The pound , which had been trading at $ 1.2592 slumped to $ 1.2527 , down two thirds of a cent .
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson is set to make a statement this afternoon on Syria and North Korea .
She 'll make their statement at 11.15am .
BBC 's Laura Kuenssberg tweeted : `` PM making a statement in Downing Street at 1115 - only normally used for most serious moments .
`` Watch election rumour mill go crazy .... has May decided to go for it ? ''
Robert Peston , ITV political editor , added : `` Theresa May making statement in Downing St at 11.15 . Syria ? NK ? Or just poss that thing I always thought they would do , ie election ? Flip ! ''
Kevin Maguire , of the Daily Mirror , wrote : `` What Theresa May could announce at 11.15 : Election , quitting , war , Brexit 2nd ref , scandal , death of Larry the cat . ''
Photo : Robert Hanashiro / USA TODAY Sports
By Annie Reuter
Stevie Wonder is a fan of Bruno Mars and he 's not afraid to admit it , dismissing accusations against Mars of cultural appropriation as “ bull—- . ”
Related : Stevie Wonder Performs National Anthem on Knees
“ God created music for everyone to enjoy so we can not limit ourselves by people 's fears and insecurities , ” Wonder said , when asked by TMZ about Mars ' use of African American styles in their music even though he 's not black .
“ He 's a great talent so the other stuff is just bull—- , ” asserted Stevie . “ He was inspired by great musicians and great artists and songwriters , so that 's good . God created music for everybody . ”
The debate stemmed from Mars ' Album of the Year win at the GRAMMYs , after which several pundits questioned whether they would have won the award if they were a black artist . Mars , a Puerto Rican with Filipino background , blended elements of funk , soul , R & B , pop and rock on their GRAMMY-winning album 24K Magic .
/ Front page / News
THE Then India Sanmarga Ikya Sangam ( TISI ) 90th convention had come at a right time boosting sales in Labasa Town , says Labasa Chamber of Commerce president Satish Chand .
Mr Chand said the event had boosted businesses in the Northern Division .
`` By bringing the TISI Sangam convention to Labasa , it will contribute a lot to our business sectors here in the North , '' they said .
Mr Chand said hotels were fully booked , buses serviced the public until late at night and restaurants closed late as well .
`` We are so very fortunate to have this event take place in Labasa as this will bring most of our business back to its expected standard . Many visitors from overseas bought souvenirs for their families back home which was a really great thing to see , '' they said .
Mr Chand said Labasa needed more events such as the TISI Sangam convention .
`` This Easter weekend has really helped us a lot in terms of business and we look forward to more events like this in the future , '' they said .
An Irish hooley broke out at the Celt Bar in Dublin last night and folk band ‘ The Tan and Sober Gentlemen ' proved that they were up for the craic .
What followed was a lively , energetic performance with an Irish tap dancer trying their best to keep up as the band got faster and the crowd went wild .
If the video is an indicator then folk band ‘ The Tan and Sober Gentlemen ' , hailing from North Carolina , definitely will fit in at any trad pub across the country .
Safe to say next time they 're around we 'll be bringing our dancing shoes .
Share it :
Do n't Miss
Future Market Insights ( FMI ) , in its latest report titled , “ Hospital Capacity Management Solutions Market : Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment , 2015-2025 ” , has projected the global hospital capacity management solutions market revenue to expand at a CAGR of 5.0 % during the forecast period ( 2015-2025 ) .
Report overview @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/hospital-capacity-management-solutions-market
The global hospitals capacity management solutions market is segmented on the basis of product type into workflow management solution , asset management solution , bed management solution , quality patient care solution , real-time locating system and event driven solutions . The real-time locating system segment is expected to dominate the global hospital capacity management solutions market and is projected to witness 1.7x increase in its revenue over the forecast period . The workflow management solution segment is projected to witness a healthy CAGR of 4.9 % during the forecast period . The real-time locating system segment has been estimated to hold 34.1 % revenue share of the global hospital capacity management solutions market by the end of 2015 .
The global hospitals capacity management solutions market is segmented on the basis of application into standalone solutions and integrated solutions . Of all the segments , the integrated solutions segment is expected to register the fastest CAGR over the forecast period .
The global hospitals capacity management solutions market is segmented on the basis of delivery mode into on premise and cloud-based solutions . Of all the segments , the cloud-based segment has been estimated to dominate the global hospitals capacity management solutions market by 2015 end , and this trend is expected to continue over the forecast period as well .
Request to sample report @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1013
In this report , the global hospitals capacity management solutions market has been segmented into seven major regions , which include North America , Latin America , Western Europe , Eastern Europe , Asia Pacific Excluding Japan ( APEJ ) , Japan and the Middle East & Africa . The North America market dominated the overall global hospitals capacity management solutions market with over 55 % share in 2014 , while the Western Europe followed with over 19 % market share .
Summary of Table of Content
1 . Executive Summary
2 . Assumptions & Acronyms Used
3 . Research Methodology
4 . Hospital Capacity Management Solutions Market Overview
5 . Global Hospital Capacity Management Solutions Market Analysis , By Product Type
6 . Global Hospital Capacity Management Solutions Market Analysis , By Application
7 . Global Hospital Capacity Management Solutions Market Analysis , By Delivery Mode
8 . Global Hospital Capacity Management Solutions Market Analysis , By Region
9 . North America Hospital Capacity Management Solutions Market Analysis
10 . Latin America Hospital Capacity Management Solutions Market Analysis
11 . Western Europe Hospital Capacity Management Solutions Market Analysis
12 . Eastern Europe Hospital Capacity Management Solutions Market Analysis
13 . APEJ Hospital Capacity Management Solutions Market Analysis
14 . Japan Hospital Capacity Management Solutions Market Analysis
15 . Middle East & Africa Hospital Capacity Management Solutions Market Analysis
16 . Competition Landscape
Request to Browse Full Table of Content , figure and Tables @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-1013
CONTACT :
Future Market Insights
616 Corporate Way , Suite 2-9018 ,
Valley Cottage , NY 10989 ,
United States
T : +1-347-918-3531
F : +1-845-579-5705
Email : sales @ futuremarketinsights.com
Website : www.futuremarketinsights.com
SYDNEY ( AP ) — Raelene Castle will take over as chief executive officer at Rugby Australia next month , becoming the first woman to lead one of the major national unions in world rugby .
Castle , who has been CEO at Netball New Zealand and at the Canterbury Bulldogs in Australia 's National Rugby League , will replace Bill Pulver on Jan. 15 .
Rugby Australia Chairman Cameron Clyne announced the appointment Tuesday , saying Castle was the standout applicant among more than 200 candidates .
`` The reality is sport has gender equity in it , '' Castle said . `` So I do n't think it 's an enormous step to have a female chief executive . I 'm excited about the opportunity .
Advertisement
`` My experience in rugby league was very strong . I do n't expect my experience in rugby union to be any different . ''
Castle 's other governance roles in sport have included serving as a board director of the International Federations of Netball Associations and as chair of the NRL club CEOs leadership group .
Clyne said Castle would bring `` a fresh set of eyes to the challenges and opportunities at Rugby Australia . ''
`` Through their most recent roles as CEO of the Bulldogs and Netball New Zealand , Raelene has led sporting organizations at both a national and club level , giving them an in-depth understanding of what it takes to run a national sporting body as well as the unique challenges for clubs and the importance of building strong relationships and a unity of purpose within , '' the sport , Clyne said . `` Raelene is an extremely impressive executive who covered every base as far as what the board was looking for in a chief executive officer to lead our game into an important new chapter . ''
Castle was born in Australia and moved to New Zealand as a child , returning to Sydney in 2013 to take the job at the Bulldogs .
Castle is the first woman to lead one of Australia 's four national football governing bodies , and Rugby Australia said they are the first woman to lead one of the world 's top-tier rugby national governing bodies .
`` I am especially looking forward to getting out into the rugby communities across Australia and meeting the diverse range of people that make the game tick , '' Castle said . `` Having followed rugby closely for over 30 years and having worked in the New Zealand and Australian sporting environments for the past 10 , there is no doubt Australian rugby has a clear international and domestic offering for both male and female athletes that can be further developed and strengthened . ''
Rugby in Australia has had a tumultuous year , with months of uncertainty leading up to the scrapping of the Western Force from the Super Rugby tournament and some setbacks for the Wallabies on the field — including a 15th consecutive series loss to World Cup champion New Zealand in the Bledisloe Cup .
New Zealand Rugby chief executive Steve Tew was among the first to congratulate Castle , saying the appointment heralded a new era for the sport .
`` We congratulate Raelene on their appointment , which is an acknowledgement of their strength as a leader , and their ability to drive success both on and off the field , '' Tew said in a statement . `` I have known Raelene for a number of years , and have a huge regard for them We are really looking forward to working with her . ''
A spokesperson for Picturehouse said it was 'deeply disappointed ' by the decision to strike during the film festival .
Cinema workers are to strike for two days during London 's Sundance Film Festival in a dispute over pay and union recognition .
Members of cinema workers ' union , Bectu , at four London cinemas in the Picturehouse chain will picket the opening night of the festival on Thursday outside Picturehouse Central near Piccadilly Circus in the capital .
They will also picket the festival on Saturday – with workers from Central , Hackney , East Dulwich and Crouch End Picturehouses all expected to take part .
. @ idriselba 's standout directorial debut , @ YardieFilm , fuses the hard-boiled gangster genre with a dramatic coming-of-age period piece . Catch its UK premiere at # SundanceLondon , 1 & 3 June 🇬🇧 https : //t.co/9J9y5Feg1V pic.twitter.com/9gIP4B8vpu — SundanceFilmFestival ( @ sundancefest ) May 26 , 2018
Sundance London will take place at Picturehouse Central until Sunday with the the likes of Idris Elba , Toni Colette and Ethan Hawke attending .
A spokesperson for Picturehouse said it was “ deeply disappointed ” by the decision to strike during Sundance , labelling it “ unnecessary and destructive ” .
Workers claim the latest action in the dispute – which has been running for almost two years and relates to the London living wage , sick pay , maternity and paternity pay , and union recognition – is a result of Picturehouse failing to negotiate .
Last year the dispute received the support of several Hollywood stars including Sir Ian McKellen , Susan Sarandon , Andy Serkis and Andrew Garfield .
Picturehouse claimed only 8 % of Bectu members had voted for the action and said they offered some of the best pay and benefits in the industry .
“ It 's disappointing to see a strike during Sundance Film Festival : London which is a celebration of independent film and a catalyst for a more inclusive film industry , ” they said .
“ In London we pay the equivalent of £9.99 per hour in an 8-hour shift as we choose to pay for breaks unlike many in the industry . Many staff members earn significantly more after monthly bonuses . This is considerably higher than the national living wage/minimum wage of £7.50 per hour , ” the spokesperson added .
Obi Saiq , a striker at Hackney Picturehouse , said : “ We take no pleasure in disrupting the festival – but unless Picturehouse is willing to sit down and talk to its worker , we have no choice .
“ We staff a chain of cinemas which makes over a hundred million pounds ' worth of profit – but we go home to flats we ca n't afford to rent , and regularly have to choose between heating and food . ”
© Press Association 2018
Rising demand for infant formulas enriched with whey protein hydrolysates is anticipated to fuel revenue growth of the infant formula segment over the forecast period . In 2015 , the infant formula segment was valued at over US $ 1,900 Mn and was estimated to exceed US $ 2,000 Mn by the end of 2016 . The infant formula segment is projected to register a CAGR of 6.6 % in terms of revenue during the forecast period . This segment is projected to account for an incremental value of more than US $ 1,500 Mn between 2016 and 2024 .
Request For Sample Report : http : //www.mrrse.com/sample/2963
Rising ratio of working mothers is likely to boost the infant formula segment of the global protein hydrolysate ingredients market
Global Protein hydrolysate plays an important role in infant formula products due to its high nutritional quality that is vital for the infant 's overall growth . Many infants can not digest cow 's milk ; however , infant formulas , which consist of whey protein not only help infants in digestion but also reduce the risk of allergies . This particular factor is creating a positive impact on the infant formula segment of the global protein hydrolysate ingredients market .
On a cost-per-feeding basis , powdered infant formulas are less expensive than liquid formulas . Whey protein concentrate contains more than 76 % protein and all the essential amino acids required by the growing infant . This is one of the important factors driving the growth of the global protein hydrolysate ingredients market . Rising ratio of working mothers is another key factor which is fuelling the demand for infant formula globally . Protein hydrolysate based infant formulas are easily available through e-Commerce markets and working mothers find it convenient to choose and purchase infant formulas online from a wide variety of nutrition products in a relatively short span of time as compared to visiting a brick-and-mortar store . Increasing population is creating robust development in the infant formula segment . In a country like China that has decided to end its decade-long one-child policy , the population is likely to increase and this is expected to boost the demand for infant formulas .
Browse Full Report With TOC : http : //www.mrrse.com/global-protein-hydrolysate-ingredient-market
Growth of the infant formula segment is likely to fuel the revenue growth of the North America protein hydrolysate ingredients market throughout the projected period
Use of milk protein hydrolysate ingredients in infant formula is projected to be a factor that is fuelling the revenue growth of this segment throughout the forecast period in North America . In terms of value , the infant formula segment is expected to record 5.1 % CAGR during the projected period , while by volume it is anticipated to register 3.4 % CAGR . In Europe , the increasing usage of milk protein hydrolysate ingredients in infant formula is estimated to fuel revenue growth of this segment between 2016 and 2024 . By value , the infant formulas segment in Europe is likely to reach at CAGR of 7.7 % . In APAC , revenue contribution from the infant formula segment is expected to increase to a certain extent over the forecast period , owing to the high demand for protein hydrolysate ingredients in Asian countries .
About Us
Market Research Reports Search Engine ( MRRSE ) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports . MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice . Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title , geographical region , publisher , or other keywords .
MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research . MRRSE 's repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research , be it competitive intelligence , product or service trends or strategic consulting .
Contact
State Tower
90 , State Street
Suite 700
Albany , NY – 12207
United States Telephone : +1-518-730-0559
Email : sales @ mrrse.com
Website : http : //www.mrrse.com/
WASHINGTON ( AP ) – Unsafe seafood . Insufficiently refrigerated meats . Rusty shelving . Cooks without hairnets .
Reports show Florida health inspectors cited President Donald Trump 's Mar-a-Lago resort with 15 violations in late January , days before the U.S. leader hosted Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe for a diplomatic visit .
Still , the state inspectors allowed the luxury resort 's main restaurant and beach club grill to remain open as staff scrambled to make several immediate corrections .
Among the “ high priority ” problems described as “ potentially hazardous ” were faulty fridges with meats stored well above the required 41 degrees Fahrenheit . For example , in the restaurant 's walk-in cooler the duck and beef were measured at 50 degrees , while a ham was at 57 .
Other issues included smoked salmon being served without undergoing “ proper parasite destruction. ” A handwashing sink for employees ran water that was not hot enough .
Stephen Lawson , spokesperson for the Florida Department of Business and Professional Regulation , said the violations were the result of a routine inspection and were not prompted by any consumer complaints or food-borne illnesses .
“ The infractions were corrected on site , and the establishment was immediately brought into compliance , ” Lawson said on Thursday .
The January inspections were not the first time inspectors have found problems at Mar-a-Lago . Over the last three years , records show the club has been cited 78 times for violations that included chefs handling food without washing their hands , dirty cutting boards , a slicer “ soiled with old food debris ” and an “ accumulation of “ black/green mold-like substance ” in the ice machine .
Lawson said inspectors will return to Mar-a-Lago for another unannounced visit before the end of the year .
The Trump Organization , which operates the family 's business empire , did not immediately respond to an email requesting comment . The violations were first made public weeks ago , but received broader attention this week following a report in the Miami Herald .
Trump is a frequent visitor to their private club in Palm Beach . The president often refers to the property as the Winter White House . They hosted a summit with Chinese leader Xi Jinping there last weekend , where Trump said the men shared a “ beautiful ” chocolate cake while discussing the U.S. cruise missile strike on Syria .
It 's Jack FM 's Summer Camp ! We 're taking over the Oasis pool at Morongo Casino Resort & Spa featuring Richard Blade .
Catch them spinning live from 1pm-3pm on the following dates May 7th , May 14th , June 3rd , June 10th & June 25th .
Click here to purchase day passes to Oasis Pool !
While most Kiwis spent their summer chilling out at the beach , an Auckland family embarked on an eye-opening holiday to Uganda where they met the two children they have sponsored for years , and who are the same ages as two of their kids .
On December 29 , Kristin Ward , their husband , Jono , and their children Eden , 9 , Hamish , 7 , and Nathan , 4 , visited Patience , 9 , and Peter , 7 - who the Ward children call their African siblings - at their homes near the town of Mbarara .
`` It was really thrilling and humbling , '' Ward said .
Them family have supported Patience through Tearfund since the Christmas after Eden 's 5th birthday . Two years later , after Hamish turned 5 , they started sponsoring Peter with the charity .
Advertisement
Ward 's brother lives in Uganda 's capital Kampala and they and their family travelled there at Christmas to visit them for two weeks and met Patience and Peter during their trip .
This holiday was very different to how the family usually spent their summer , Ward told the Herald on Sunday .
`` The kids had never really been on a plane before . We normally go to a bach or go camping . We 're normally a very local summering family so this has been a trip of a lifetime for them . ''
The Ward family in Uganda . Kristin ( left ) , Hamish , 7 , Eden , 9 , Nathan , 4 ( front ) and Jono . Photo / Supplied by Kristin Ward
Spending a day together was a special experience for the children , despite not speaking the same language .
They were shy and awkward at first , Ward said , but the boys relaxed once they started playing soccer with the ball Hamish bought Peter .
The Wards had given Patience the same dress as Eden and the pair were `` just delighted '' with their matching outfits .
`` It was cute ... They had no language in common so they were just doing big smiles at each other and that sort of thing . I think they just felt a lot of warmth . ''
Ward said the family sponsored Patience and Peter because they wanted their kids to realise how different life could be in a different part of the world .
`` It 's always been a goal of mine that my kids would n't grow up in a New Zealand bubble and think all our wealth and privilege is completely normal , that they 'll realise we 're really well off compared to the rest of the world . ''
Patience ( right ) and Eden , both aged 9 , loved their matching dresses . Photo / Supplied by Kristin Ward
The poverty they saw left a lasting impression .
`` They were poorer than I expected and I 've travelled . I 've seen Africa before but I was still a little bit startled by the poverty , '' Ward said .
`` Since coming back to New Zealand the kids keep saying things like , 'We 're so lucky we can just turn the tap on and out comes water that we 're allowed to drink . ' Their perspective about the world has definitely grown . ''
Peter 's family were living in a room in their neighbour 's house when the Wards visited them because termites had eaten their wooden house , causing mud bricks to tumble to the floor .
`` It 's just totally inadequate shelter now . In the last rains more of the walls crumbled off and so they ca n't live there any more . ''
Tearfund was going to rebuild the house in about a month , Ward said .
Peter 's mother worked in their neighbour 's garden `` for a pittance '' to try to scrape together enough money for them and their four children they were raising on their own .
Their two teenage brothers also did digging for the neighbour and had no education .
`` That 's the trajectory [ Peter ] would 've been on without sponsorship whereas now they could go to uni . It 's just really thrilling and exciting to think we 're actually making a difference . ''
Patience and Peter were both excellent students at school and Ward said they would encourage them to further their education .
Every year about 12 Kiwi families signed up to Tearfund 's sponsorship programme meet the child or children they sponsor .
Tearfund supporter relations co-ordinator Victoria Hanna said sponsors pay for the trip overseas themselves and often visit their sponsor child while on a pre-planned holiday .
Above is new video of Cathy Kelley revealing the brackets for the upcoming WWE UK Title tournament in London . Cathy also reveals that there will be a Bracketology Special airing on the WWE Network at 8pm EST on Thursday , June 8th .
The first round matches will begin at the UK Download Festival in Derby , England on June 8th , June 9th and June 10th . The Drew Gulak vs. Jack Gallagher match is set to air on an upcoming WWE NXT episode . The rest of the tournament will then take place at Royal Albert Hall in London on Monday , June 18th . The winner of the tournament will face WWE UK Champion Pete Dunne with the title on the line the next night , June 19th .
The bracket looks like this :
Left Side , First Round
* Zack Gibson vs. Amir Jordan
* Drew Gulak vs. Jack Gallagher
* Flash Morgan Webster vs. James Drake
* Tyson T-Bone vs. Jordan Devlin
Right Side , First Round
* Tucker vs. Joe Coffey
* Dave Mastiff vs. Kenny Williams
* Ligero vs. Travis Banks
* Ashton Smith vs. Joseph Conners
What does the winter weather have in store for you ? There 's good and bad news in NIWA 's latest outlook
Find out all the information for your region in NIWA 's May to July outlook .
Singer songwriter Hannah Faulkner is currently playing a series of Christmas acoustic gigs as part of the Ni Ni Sessions .
Since 2012 , Faulkner has raised more than £1,200 for Alzheimer 's Research UK and NANNA Animal Rescue .
They will be joined by other musicians at the gigs which take place across the county .
Thursday , December 14 – The Walnut Tree , Blisworth
Joe Miles , Niamh Keating , The Blue Foundation , Just Handsome , Beth Parker , Laura Baker , Tim Jon Brophy . Music from 8.30pm
Friday , December 15 – The Frog & Nightgown , Newport Pagnell
Corinne Lucy , Tim Jon Brophy , Hannah Faulkner and Rogue State Circus . Music from 8.30pm
Sunday , December 17 – The Sun Inn , Hardingstone
Terry Slade , Hannah Faulkner , Abbie Hutt , Rebecca Buckley , Tim Jon Brophy , Tom Cayton , Daniel Butterworth & Dion . Music from 2pm .
Wednesday , December 20 - The Golden Horse , Northampton
The Drunken Mandem , Adam Compton , Cameron Grace , Daniel Butterworth , Dunn Wiv Whisky , Will Rogers , Crybb , Daniel Seath . Music from 8pm .
Friday , December 22 – The World 's End , Northampton
Hannah Faulkner , The Blue Foundation , Rogue State Circus , Music from 8pm .
Friday , December 29 – The White Horse , Old
Hannah Faulkner , Daniel Butterworth , Tim Jon Brophy , Rogue State Circus , Dynamix . Music from 8pm .
For more information , visit www.facebook.com/NiNiSessionsUK
Worthing Philharmonic , a community orchestra formed from non-professionals , is looking to reinforce its ranks as it continues to build on music director Dominic Grier 's successes .
As spokesperson Barry Cranford says , they are particularly keen to attract new string players , the string sections making up more than half their numbers .
Anyone joining would be coming in at a great time for the players .
“ This must be Dominic 's third season , ” Barry says , “ and they are great to work with . They like working with us because they will have more than one rehearsal . When they play with us , we might not be as technically perfect as the professionals , but they will have four or five rehearsals and during that time they get the benefits , as we do . They can get us to do what they want , and I think our performances have been amazing . The standard has been going up enormously under Dominic .
“ When we recruited , the word went around , and we had 22 applications from across Europe . Dominic comes across as a very amenable and pleasant personality , and they get things done in the shortest time . They wave their arms and somehow after a few goes , it is happening . It is getting better and better , the standard of performance , the general ensemble , the tuning , the way the music comes out . ”
But now it is important to bolster the strings , perhaps three or four more cellos , another couple of double basses , three or four more violins . And Barry is keen to stress that you absolutely do n't have to be from Worthing . They are very happy to welcome people from further afield .
“ There are about 60 in the orchestra which was founded in 1948 as the Citizens ' Orchestra by the Borough of Worthing as an amenity for the residents . It was completely funded by the borough with a full-time director of music until 1997 when all funding stopped . It was renamed the Worthing Philharmonic Orchestra and set up as a registered charity with aims to promote , improve and develop public education in live orchestral music . We receive no funding from the council .
“ We usually give five concerts a year . Rehearsals are on Monday evenings 7.15 to 9.30pm and generally follow school term times . All rehearsals and concerts are in the fine Assembly Hall . Many smaller amateur orchestras have to make do with school or church halls .
“ We particularly try to encourage young players . Many soloists like Alexandra Lomeiko come via the Munster Trust . This organisation helps young professionals get started . We get a fine player at nominal cost and they get the experience . Many young people have also developed from school and youth orchestras . Rob Campkin played first violin and their brother Richard cello , both encouraged by their mother Margaret who plays in the second violin section . Rob went on to get a BMus and is now studying in Vienna . Richard lives in Cambridge and is principal cellist in the Cambridge Sinfonietta . I started at 11 and am still playing !
“ We have quite a number of music teachers and our deputy conductor is Peter Lewis ( principal horn ) who was director of music at Lancing College . There is everything to be gained from listening to live music especially with such a large group as the WPO . I did read somewhere last week that more people attend classical concerts the go-to cricket matches .
“ Potential players must be proficient with some orchestral experience and able to play quite demanding parts ! ”
Full details about the orchestra and how to join can be found on the web site www.worthingphil.com
Worthing Philharmonic Orchestra begin their 2017 season under Dominic with the Nielsen 3rd Symphony , known as the Expansiva .
“ This will be a rare chance to hear live this tremendous Danish symphony which needs a very large orchestra . The concert opens with the Brahms Tragic Overture and will then feature the talented young New Zealand violinist Alexandra in the Beethoven Violin Concerto . Alexandra was born in 1991 into a family of musicians and started playing at the age of five . They have won many awards worldwide and is now based in London . ”
The concert is on Sunday , March 12 at 3pm in the Assembly Hall Worthing . Tickets on 01903 206206 or www.worthingtheatres.co.uk . To talk to the orchestra about joining , get in touch via www.worthingphil.com .
Do n't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live .
Here are four ways you can be sure you 'll be amongst the first to know what 's going on .
1 ) Make our website your homepage
2 ) Like our Facebook page
3 ) Follow us on Twitter
4 ) Register with us by clicking on 'sign in ' ( top right corner ) . You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here .
And do share with your family and friends - so they do n't miss out !
Always the first with your local news .
Be part of it .
CHESTERFIELD , S.C. ( AP ) — The mother of an 11-month-old baby found dead in a diaper box near their South Carolina home has been charged with lying to police and improperly disposing of a body , authorities said Wednesday .
Detectives continue to interview Breanna Lewis and their family and more charges are possible , Chesterfield County Sheriff Jay Brooks said Wednesday . Authorities said the 19-year-old mother had initially reported the child had been kidnapped .
`` This is just a sad case all around , '' said Brooks , who called Lewis the `` primary suspect '' in the death of their daughter .
Lewis called deputies Tuesday saying they were attacked and that their baby , Harlee , was stolen from their arms by a man wearing a black coat , toboggan and one glove , according to the sheriff . Brooks added that the mother told them the kidnapping occurred when they went to get the mail Tuesday afternoon .
Advertisement
Lewis ' face was bruised and their story initially seemed to check out , so an Amber Alert was issued , Brooks said . But not long after , deputies searching a field near Lewis ' home found the baby 's body inside a diaper box , according to authorities .
An autopsy was performed on the infant 's body Wednesday , but Chesterfield County Coroner Kip Kiser said they are still investigating and is n't releasing the results yet .
Lewis is charged with filing a false police report for lying about an assault , in addition to the charge of improper disposal of human remains , Brooks said . They added that more charges are possible .
Jail officials said they did n't know if they have a lawyer . They were awaiting a bond hearing .
Japan has posted its longest economic expansion in over a decade on the back of a pickup in household and company spending , data showed on Monday .
The country 's gross domestic product grew by one percent in the April-June period , marking the sixth straight winning quarter in the longest string of gains since 2006 , AFP wrote .
The world 's number three economy has been picking up steam , mainly on the back of a surging exports including smartphones parts and memory chips , with investments linked to the Tokyo 2020 Olympics also giving growth a boost .
But the latest GDP figures — which translate into a whopping 4.0 percent annualised growth rate — were driven by robust domestic demand and capital spending , which offset a quarterly decline in exports .
Private consumption picked up 0.9 percent in the second quarter . Individual spending accounts for more than a half of Japan 's GDP .
The second quarter growth blew past market expectations for a 0.6 percent rise , according to figures from the Cabinet Office . It was well up from a 0.4 percent expansion in January-March GDP .
The labor market is tight and business confidence is high but efforts to lift inflation have fallen flat despite years of aggressive monetary easing by Japan 's central bank .
The latest reading nonetheless means Japan 's economy has had its best string of gains since the tenure of popular former prime minister Junichiro Koizumi .
Monday 's figures are good news for the current Prime Minister Shinzo Abe — whose brief and underwhelming first term as Japan 's premier came directly after Koizumi .
A string of short-term leaders followed Abe 's first term before they swept back to power in late 2012 on a pledge to reignite Japan 's once-booming economy with a plan dubbed Abenomics .
The scheme — a mix of huge monetary easing , government spending and reforms to the economy — stoked a stock market rally and fattened corporate profits .
'Tailwind for Abenomics '
Some critics have cast doubt on the plan , as heavily indebted Japan grapples with low birthrates and a shrinking labor force .
Abe has seen their public support ratings plummet in the past few months over an array of political troubles , including allegations of favoritism to a friend in a business deal .
`` This is a good result and tailwind for Abenomics , '' Shinke Yoshiki , chief economist at Dai-ichi Life Research Institute , said of Monday 's data release .
`` Consumption and corporate investment are particularly strong , a result of brisk corporate earnings and improved business confidence . ''
In a commentary , Barclays said : `` The strength of private consumption reflects an improvement in employment and income conditions ( eg , drop in unemployment , four consecutive years of increasing base pay ) , but likely also such factors as favorable weather during that period . ''
Still , wages have not been rising enough to kickstart tepid inflation , and few analysts expect the same kind of growth next quarter .
`` Japan 's structural problems have not changed : ageing population , decreasing working age population , deteriorating fiscal conditions , '' said Junko Nishioka , chief economist of Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corp .
Japan has been struggling to defeat years of deflation and slow growth that followed the collapse of an equity and property market bubble in the early nineties .
The Bank of Japan , aiming to create two-percent inflation as a key part of Tokyo 's growth bid , now expects to reach that goal by sometime in the year to March 2020 — four years later than planned .
Falling prices can discourage spending by consumers , who will postpone purchases until prices drop more or look to save money instead .
That puts pressure on businesses , creating a cycle in which firms then cut back on expanding production , hiring new workers or boosting wages .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Campaigners against fixed-odds betting terminals ( FOBTs ) have criticised a regulator after it failed to adopt a maximum stake of £2 .
The Gambling Commission has said the stake limit for FOBT non-slot games , including roulette , should be set at £30 or less .
High-stake , high-speed electronic casino games are said to be dangerously addictive and currently allow a stake of up to £100 every 20 seconds , enabling a player to theoretically gamble away £18,000 an hour .
Jim McMahon , Labour MP for Oldham West and Royton , said they are `` disappointed '' with the guidance and tweeted : `` I hope Gov go further '' .
( Image : PA )
Carolyn Harris MP described it as `` outrageous '' that the watchdog was not `` brave enough '' to adopt the £2 limit and said the machines `` blight '' lives .
Matt Zarb-Cousin , a former spokesperson for Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn who now campaigns for fairer gambling rules , said the Government will make the final decision and urged people to `` keep up the pressure '' .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Labour MP David Lammy tweeted : `` I have been campaigning against FOBTs for almost a decade and sincerely hope that the Government will now look at the evidence and cut maximum stakes to £2 .
`` For too long these machines have been ruining lives . ''
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The Gambling Commission said the stake limit should be £2 on FOBT slot games , such as fruit machines .
It also suggested game limits per session , tracked play and player limits in the report .
Gambling Commission chief executive Neil McArthur said : `` We 've put consumers at the heart of our advice - advice which is based on the best available evidence and is focused on reducing the risk of gambling-related harm . '
`` In our judgement , a stake cut for fixed-odds betting terminals alone does n't go far enough to protect vulnerable people .
`` That is why we have recommended a stake cut plus a comprehensive package of other measures to protect consumers . ''
Market Scenario
The global pre-cast construction market is driven by the growth in construction and infrastructure industry along with increased green building practices . The pre-cast construction market is highly dependent on its applications such as residential , commercial and infrastructure development . With the rising industrialization , the need for time saving construction methods are required , which has widened the scope of pre-fabricated/pre-cast construction . Furthermore , the global awareness about the eco-friendly construction has also opened doors for the pre-cast construction in a big way .
Segments
Global Pre-cast Construction market is segmented on the basis of Material , Construction , Application , and Region . On the basis of material it is segmented as steel , concrete , wood , plastic , and others . On the basis of construction it is segmented as manufactured and modular . On the basis of application it is segmented as commercial , residential , infrastructure , and others . Additionally on the basis of region , it is segmented as North America , Europe , APAC and Rest of the World .
Request a sample @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1496
Key Players
The key players of Global Pre-cast Construction Market report include- Balfour Beatty , Komatsu Ltd. , Kiewit Corporation , ACS Actividades de Construcción y Servicios S.A. , Skanska AB Larsen & Toubro Limited , Red Sea Housing Services , System House R & C Co. , Ltd. , Taisei Corporation , Balfour Beatty Plc , Bouygues Construction , Laing O'Rourke and Julius Berger Nigeria Plc .
The report for Global Pre-cast Construction Market of Market Research Future comprises of extensive primary research along with the detailed analysis of qualitative as well as quantitative aspects by various industry experts , key opinion leaders to gain the deeper insight of the market and industry performance . The report gives the clear picture of current market scenario which includes historical and projected market size in terms of value and volume , technological advancement , macro economical and governing factors in the market . The report provides details information and strategies of the top key players in the industry . The report also gives a broad study of the different market segments and regions .
Browse report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/pre-cast-construction-market-1496
About Market Research Future :
At Market Research Future ( MRFR ) , we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report ( CRR ) , Half-Cooked Research Reports ( HCRR ) , Raw Research Reports ( 3R ) , Continuous-Feed Research ( CFR ) , and Market Research & Consulting Services .
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients . Our market research studies by Components , Application , Logistics and market players for global , regional , and country level market segments , enable our clients to see more , know more , and do more , which help to answer all their most important questions .
In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry , MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members .
Contact :
Market Research Future
Office No . 524/528 , Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road , Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra , India
+1 646 845 9312
Email : sales @ marketresearchfuture.com
OPA-LOCKA , FLA. ( WSVN ) - Police are searching for a man suspected of abducting their daughter in Opa-locka last weekend .
According to Opa-locka Police , Joel Delgado had made arrangements with the girl 's mother to pick up their daughter on Sept. 30 with the intent to return them on Monday . However , neither they nor their daughter have been seen or heard from since .
Delgado is now wanted for questioning . Investigators said they are driving a white 2016 Chrysler 300 with the license plate L53ML .
Police urge anyone with information about their whereabouts to call Opa-locka Police at 305-953-2889 .
Please check back on WSVN.com and 7News for more details on this breaking story .
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Chips coming by June will herald the next generation of Wi-Fi
Qualcomm is getting ready to ship sample chips for IEEE 802.11ax , promising higher speed and efficiency
Qualcomm will start shipping sample chips for the next generation of Wi-Fi by June , helping device and network vendors develop products that might quadruple users ' speeds and lengthen battery life .
The new silicon uses an early version of IEEE 802.11ax , a specification designed to make wireless LANs more efficient and increase their performance as a result . The formal standard is n't expected to be signed off until late next year , but it 's common for some components using a new standard to ship before that step takes place .
This is the next generation of Wi-Fi after 802.11ac , which is already capable of gigabit speeds with the right features and conditions . That technology is still finding its way into consumers ' devices and corporate and service-provider networks .
The new 802.11ax standard builds on some of 11ac 's tricks and adds some of its own . It 's designed to give better performance in tough situations people encounter in the real world , such as environments with many competing Wi-Fi networks . Wi-Fi is likely to coexist with – and participate in – an increasingly complex radio environment as advanced LTE and then 5G are deployed .
The specification includes using multiple antennas to send as many as 12 streams of data at the same time . But it also uses technologies from the cellular world , including traffic scheduling , which gets devices on and off the network efficiently so they do n't have to contend with each other as much .
This can help cut the power consumption of Wi-Fi by as much as two-thirds , Qualcomm says . Even users with current 11ac and older 11n devices should see better performance when they use an 11ax network , according to the company .
Qualcomm called its new product line an end-to-end portfolio because it includes silicon for both ends of a client-to-network connection . The IPQ8074 is an integrated SoC ( system on chip ) for enterprise access points , service-provider gateways and home Wi-Fi routers . It has four times the capacity of an 11ac part and includes features to cover a wider area and ease harmful interference in areas with many overlapping access points , Qualcomm said .
The QCA6290 is an SoC for Wi-Fi devices . It can use both the 2.4GHz and the 5GHz bands at the same time for peak speeds up to 1.8Gbps , the company said . It 's designed for uses that include 4K Ultra HD video streaming and videoconferencing and in-car Wi-Fi with multiple video streams .
1
Man who poured boiling water over Hastings co-worker 's head for taking a slice of sausage deported
The incident , that was caught on camera , took place in the lunchroom of a Turners and Growers pack house in Whakatu , near Hastings , in July 2015 .
Fifty-thousand unionized Las Vegas casino workers whose contracts will expire at the end of the month are set to vote on whether to go on strike .
Fifty-thousand unionized Las Vegas casino workers whose contracts will expire at the end of the month are set to vote on whether to go on strike .
The Culinary Union on Wednesday said it will hold a strike vote May 22 at a university arena .
The workers ' existing contracts will expire at midnight May 31 . Negotiations for new five-year contracts began in Feb .
A majority of yes votes would allow the union 's negotiators to call for a strike at any time starting June 1 . A strike would empty 34 casino-hotels of cooks , food and cocktail servers , housekeepers and other workers .
“ [ We 're ] sending the message to the companies that we are going to fight for security , ” Culinary Union Secretary-treasurer Geoconda Arguello-Kline said . “ We want to be ready in case we need [ to strike ] . ”
“ MGM Resorts and the culinary and bartenders unions have always been great partners . We have issues to address , but we 're confident we will find mutually beneficial solutions to all our contract issues , '' a MGM Resorts International spokesperson said .
Caesars Entertainment and Boyd Gaming did not return requests for a comment on the contract negotiations Wednesday .
“ The casinos should definitely be concerned and take the steps they have to take , ” Director of UNLV 's Center for Gaming Research David Schwartz said . “ Workers by the same token should be working to try to resolve [ the labor dispute ] before it reaches a strike . ”
“ If someone booked a trip to Vegas for months or even years in advance and their hotel has disruptions they 'll remember that so both sides want to avoid that , ” Schwartz said .
Labor contracts for workers at the 34 properties listed below expire June 1 . Today the Culinary + Bartender Unions announced plans to vote on whether to strike if negotiations do n't pan out by the deadline . pic.twitter.com/MDWUop7lNr — Abby ( @ abbytheodros ) May 10 , 2018
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
MOSCOW ( Sputnik ) — An earthquake of 5.9 magnitude occurred on Friday in the east of Japan , the Japan Meteorological Agency reported .
The 5.0-magnitude tremors ( on the Japanese 7-point scale ) were felt in the Fukushima prefecture area , where a major nuclear power plant accident occurred in 2011 .
According to the report , the epicenter of the earthquake was located off the coast of Fukushima at the depth of about 50 kilometers ( some 31 miles ) . There is currently no threat of a tsunami , according to the report .
5– intensity shaking in coastal Fukushima . TV now calling it a magnitude 5.9 quake . pic.twitter.com/aqP7nd51gg — Nippon.com ( @ nippon_en ) 6 октября 2017 г .
In 2011 , a tsunami caused by a major earthquake hit the Fukushima plant , leading to the leakage of radioactive materials . Following the disaster , Tokyo shut down all nuclear power plants in Japan and began only restarting them after introducing new security standards .
© Sputnik/
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – Asia and Pacific
Your news how you want it .
On the go and no time to finish that story right now ? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device . Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later .
New Partnership Helps BSc , MSc and PhD Research Students Perform Biomolecular Research in Nigerian Universities .
Lagos , Nigeria — African Biosciences Ltd. today announced a partnership with Nigerian Institute of Animal Science ( NIAS ) to provide access to services of ABL .
This includes a launch the first ever all-in-one research packages for the Nigerian academic bioscience research community . African Biosciences Ltd. Research Project Package ( ABL-RPP ) provides a convenient package for molecular biology-oriented research projects and come with flat rate pricing directed at BSc , MSc and PhD students interested in serious and meaningful biomolecular research in plants , animals , humans and microbes . The packages provide project design service , one-stop access to reagents and supplies , lab-for-rent services where student performs bench work in our lab , contract research services where the company performs bench work , provision of up-to-date literature , and basic data analysis .
This service continues the vision of providing ground-breaking integrated bioscience research services through a unique research-design-to-data analysis platform to achieve bioscience research goals by addressing some key challenges of performing bioscience research in Nigeria . With this new service , African Biosciences Ltd. is positioned to be a key player in the biosciences research market by being a leading service provider to build technical capacity in biomolecular research in Nigeria and soon across Africa .
To benefit from flat rate pricing , students must meet some requirements such current enrollment in a degree program at an accredited University or tertiary institution recognized by the relevant authorities , approval by the supervisor or research committee , and meet project scope requirement ranging from 2 weeks of lab work for BSc projects and 1 month for MSc projects to 3 months of lab work for PhD projects . The company offers a payment plan to help with affordability , and package pricing allows groups of students to band together to get additional discounts . Academic departments can get bulk discount for groups of their students who sign up to use ABL-RPP and academic institutions who sign long-term Memoranda of Understanding accessing this service receive even deeper discounts for their students .
Elaborating on ABL-RPP , Prof. Ikhide Imumorin , Co-founder and CEO of the company explained that eligible projects for flat rate pricing may include techniques from among the following : DNA and RNA extraction , PCR primer design , standard PCR , RT-PCR , Real Time PCR ( qPCR ) , de-novo SNP identification , SNP genotyping , PCR-RFLP , Sanger DNA sequencing , basic bioinformatics and molecular data analysis . Additional charges apply to projects that require ELISA , Western Blots , molecular cloning , protein expression , in-vitro assays , next generation sequencing of DNA and RNA , genome editing , advanced bioinformatics and genome assembly .
This research project package is first of its kind in Nigeria for modern bioscience research and is part of the plan of African Biosciences Ltd. to provide comprehensive private sector solutions to life science researchers in Nigeria and Africa .
By Peter Egwuatu
Milost Global Incorporated is planning to inject about $ 1 billion to recapitalize Unity Bank Plc , through a combination of equity and debt instruments .
But the Head , Corporate Communications , Unity Bank Plc , Mr. Matthew Obiazikwor , told Vanguard that many investors are having interest in the bank and various discussions are going on .
They stated : “ I can not confirm or refute the interest of Milost Global for now . All I can say is that there are many investors that have shown interest to invest in the bank . There are various discussions going on with the management of the bank and our regulators .
“ Any investor interested will have to go through the process before the deal is consummated . So , I believe deal will be completed in the nearest future as I can not give specific time since there are processes that have to be followed . ”
Meanwhile , Bloomberg , yesterday reported that , “ The New York-based Milost offered to invest $ 700 million in equity and $ 300 million in five-year bonds that can be converted into shares in the Nigerian lender , said one of the people , who asked not to be identified as talks are confidential . The private-equity firm will get an initial stake of about 30 percent in the Lagos-based bank in exchange for its first equity investment of $ 250 million , the person said .
“ The transaction is still subject to a due diligence as well as regulatory approvals , the people said . The first part of the deal may be completed in the second quarter , one of the people said . The rest of the cash will be drawn down in intervals over a period of four years , provided Unity Bank has sufficient shares to issue to Milost , one of the people said . ”
Unity Bank , which was formed out of the merger of nine banks between December 2005 and March 2006 , said in April last year that it is in talks to sell its non-performing loans to avoid penalties after missing a deadline set by regulators on its recapitalization plans .
As people lay dying , the driver climbed out of their van and pointed an object at the police .
The man , later identified by authorities as Alek Minassian , had just ploughed into a crowd of pedestrians on a footpath at more than 50 km/h , killing 10 and wounding 15 more .
`` Kill me , '' they screamed as they rapidly raised and lowered the object in theirs hand .
Instead , a police officer moved slowly towards the man , weapon drawn .
Advertisement
`` Get down , '' they insisted . The man said they had a gun , but the officer continued forward . `` I do n't care , '' they said . `` Get down . ''
Within seconds , the suspect had raised both hands . The officer quickly got them onto their stomach and handcuffed . Not a single gun shot was fired in the exchange , earning the officer plaudits for their restraint .
Such actions are part of a concerted effort by the Toronto Police Service to have its officers de-escalate dangerous situations rather than open fire .
In the past , Toronto police had faced widespread criticism for their use of force .
In one incident from 2013 , an 18-year-old named Sammy Yatim was shot nine times and killed by officers responding a call claiming Yatim had a weapon .
`` That and other high-profile police shootings in recent years prompted scrutiny of officers ' use of force , and led to formal calls to change police tactics in order to de-escalate standoffs , '' the Canadian Broadcasting Corp reports .
Earlier this year , the Toronto Police Services Board passed a motion to provide hundreds of officers stun guns instead of guns .
Toronto law enforcement officials have also conducted an extensive review of their `` use-of-force options , '' the CBC reports , and done several training sessions on de-escalation .
Police are `` taught to use as little force as possible in any given situation , '' Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders said at a news conference after Minassian 's arrest .
Most of the victims of the Toronto van attack that killed 10 people were women , ranging in age from mid-20s to early 80s . The suspect , a 25-year-old man , had posted a Facebook message supporting violence against women before the attack.https : //t.co/Gb5qA9mXjC — BuzzFeed News ( @ BuzzFeedNews ) April 24 , 2018
It 's unclear how many Canadians are killed by police each year . One investigation by the Independent in 2015 estimated that the number is about 25 .
That 's higher than in many other developed countries , but it 's a tiny fraction of the men and women killed by American police officers .
In 2017 , 987 people were shot and killed by police in the US , according to the Washington Post 's database on police shootings . This year , 344 people have been fatally shot by police .
Those numbers put the US far outside the norm . In 2014 , the Economist compared the US with other developed countries . In Germany , police killed eight people . In Japan and Britain , officers went a year without fatally shooting anyone .
Experts attribute that disparity to a couple of things .
Violent crime is much more common in the US than in many other developed countries . Guns are easier to access , meaning that police are more likely to confront someone with a deadly weapon .
There are concerns about racial bias , too - police in the US shoot and kill a disproportionate number of black people , even if they are unarmed .
Man accused of deliberately driving into pedestrians in Toronto has been charged with murder and attempted murder , Toronto police confirmhttps : //t.co/ScltfkgdqF pic.twitter.com/LtYvFuAvlP — BBC News ( World ) ( @ BBCWorld ) April 24 , 2018
Police in the US may also have a different attitude . As Michael Lyman , a professor of criminal justice at Columbia College of Missouri , told the BBC , American police officers would probably feel a `` duty '' to kill the suspect .
`` Assuming the suspect is holding a gun and pointing it toward officers , it is concerning that the officer is not engaging the suspect with deadly force , '' they said .
In Toronto , yesterday 's violence-free arrest was hailed as a victory .
Mike McCormack , the president of the Toronto Police Association , told the Globe and Mail that they had spoken to the officer who arrested Minassian .
`` I just did my job , '' McCormack said the officer told him . `` What I did was no big deal . ''
McCormack disagreed . `` People are right , '' they said at a news conference . `` This guy is a hero . ''
What kind of nasty low-life person are you ?
That is the question Whangarei 77-year-old Ineke Eveleens-van der Harst has for the heartless thieves who jacked up their car and stole four wheels .
`` Yes you : the gutless excuse of a human being who took the wheels of my car . ''
The Mazda Lantis car may not be valuable in money terms but it has huge sentimental value - their husband Dirk bought it for them a year before they died of cancer .
Advertisement
They even kitted it out with personalised plates `` 4INEKE '' .
Now Eveleens-van der Harst is dying from an incurable illness sarcoidosis and their wish is to drive the car again before they die .
Sarcoidosis is an inflammatory disease that affects multiple organs in the body , but mostly the lungs and lymph glands . Sarcoidosis causes abnormal masses or nodules - called granulomas - consisting of inflamed tissues to form in certain organs of the body . Eveleens-van der Harst also has lung cancer and is in pain most of the time .
`` So thank you , you have made my life even more difficult . You have taken away my only means of transport , '' Eveleens-van der Harst said , wiping tears from their eyes .
Ineke Eveleens-van der Harst heard nothing as thieves stripped their beloved car of it 's wheels . Photo / Tania Whyte
`` I 'm slowly dying and this could be the last straw . ''
The car was parked in a shed about 50m from their house in Maunu when thieves took the wheels late last Saturday night or early Sunday morning .
Them careworker raised the alarm on their daily visit to their house about 3pm on Sunday .
`` He came running up the steps yelling at me to see if I was all right . They thought because the wheels had gone I may have been in trouble as well . ''
They were reduced to tears when they saw their beloved car still jacked up and the wheels missing .
`` My husband bought this car for me just before they died . I 've had it for 20 years this month . We would have been married 54 years last week if they were still alive . I still miss him . ''
They used the car for grocery shopping and their many trips to Whangarei Hospital .
Cataracts have curtailed their driving over the past 12 months but they hope surgery will restore their sight and they will be able to drive again .
In the meantime they have to use taxis to get around when they are physically well enough because they have no insurance to pay for another set of wheels .
Whangarei Senior Sergeant Darren Sullivan said police were investigating and an officer was to visit them yesterday .
Government considering independent animal commissioner after recent footage of mistreatment
The Green Party is also asking if CCTV surveillance on farms and slaughterhouses should be considered .
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Polyaspartic Coatings Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition , applications and manufacturing technology . The report covers business strategists like major drivers , dynamics , share , segmentation , revenue forecasts , effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making . The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Polyaspartic Coatings market . The Key Players mentioned in the report are Akzo Nobel N.V. , PPG Industries , Sika , The Sherwin Williams Company , Covestro AG , Cipy Polyurethanes , Cipy Polyurethanes . This report provides a competitive scenario , with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Polyaspartic Coatings Market .
Get a Sample Copy @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-polyaspartic-coatings-market/10339/ # requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Polyaspartic Coatings market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial , Government , Personal . The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends . The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions . The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market . The report also analyses the Polyaspartic Coatings market in terms of volume [ k MT ] and revenue [ Million USD ] .
The Polyaspartic Coatings Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies , applications , and classifications that are used in the context of market . It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs , equipment costs , labor costs , and other costs . In terms of a technical consideration , the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Polyaspartic Coatings . This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants , R & D status , raw material sources , and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018 .
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America , China , Europe , Southeast Asia , Japan & India , with production , consumption , revenue ( million USD ) , and market share and growth rate of Polyaspartic Coatings in these regions , from 2012 to 2022 ( forecast ) .
On the basis of Product Type , this report displays the production , revenue , price , market share and growth rate of each type , primarily split into : Solvent , Powder .
On the basis on the end users/applications , Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users , sales volume , market share and growth rate for each application , including : Residential , Commercial , Industrial .
Key Highlights Of The Polyaspartic Coatings Market Report :
1 ) A complete framework analysis , including an assessment of the parent market .
2 ) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies .
3 ) Market Dynamics ( Industry News , Development Challenges & Opportunities ) .
4 ) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth , constraints , opportunities , practicableness study .
5 ) Historical , present , and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume .
6 ) Market shares and strategies of leading players .
7 ) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market .
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-polyaspartic-coatings-market/10339/ # inquiry
In the end , the report includes Polyaspartic Coatings new project SWOT analysis , investment practicalness analysis , investment come analysis , and Development Trend Analysis . The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Polyaspartic Coatings market segments are coated throughout this report . This report additionally presents product specification , producing method , and products cost structure . Production is separated by regions , technology and applications . The Polyaspartic Coatings industry data source , appendix , research findings and the conclusion .
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports . You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store , which covers global industry and the regional markets . All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips .
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales @ indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone : +1 202 888 3519
Web : https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
The CEO and Managing Director of Information and Communication Technology Agency ( ICTA ) Muhunthan Canagey resigned from their position yesterday .
Canagey who posted their letter of resignation on their ‘ official Facebook profile ' stated , “ I have been asked to resign by their Excellency President Maithripala Sirisena which was communicated to me by the Hon Minister Harin Fernando ” . Telecommunication and Digital Infrastructure Ministry Harin Fernando speaking to the Daily News however denied having communicated such a message to Canagey .
The minister explained that Canagey 's contract which had come up for renewal two months ago and was only given a temporary extension ,
“ There have been certain ongoing enquiries and certain others issues we have put to the Board to consider regarding Canagey . We also had various programs we wanted expedited and most the projects we wanted delivered , they have n't delivered yet , ” Minister Fernando said . “ It was based on performance reasons , ” he added .
Canagey however has denied accusations of not having performed their duties . In their letter of resignation they explained that the , “ Vision for Digital Sri Lanka has been planted . The vision , strategy and roadmaps including identifying and designing the 80 plus projects have already been successfully completed . All these were done within a period of 20 months being in office ”
“ When I took office in April 2015 , there were no roadmaps for 2015 and beyond , ICTA did not have annual reports , financial accounts for the period 2013 , 2014 and management accounts for 2015…The organization was left in debt of over Rs 300 million . The project that the entire organisation was carrying out was less than Rs 600 million ” , they continued . “ I will never be part of aiding and abetting any fraud or corruption or delay in any implementation of Digitalisation of Sri Lanka . I have been raised from a child to speak my mind , boldly , fearlessly and honestly which are the very basic principles I live by and the rights that should prevail to me and my other human being . I am not willing to let go of that just because I need to protect my job at ICTA , ” wrote the ICTA head as they tendered their resignation just after two years in office .
( Source : Daily News – By Zahrah Imtiaz )
They did n't wear hoods as they chanted `` Jews will not replace us . '' They were n't hiding their faces as they waved Confederate flags , racist signs and swastikas . They looked straight at a sea of cameras as they made the Nazi salute .
As Matt Thompson wrote for The Atlantic , the white supremacist march and rally this past weekend was n't a KKK rally : `` It was a pride march . ''
The bare-faced shamelessness was the point . But it was also an opening .
On the Internet , some people are crowd-sourcing efforts to identify and shame the people participating in the rally . Most prominently , on Twitter , the account called `` Yes , You 're Racist '' has been soliciting help and posting IDs . `` I 'll make them famous , '' the account pledged .
So far , at least one protester is no longer employed after being publicly named and shamed .
Cole White , who used to work at a hot dog restaurant in Berkeley , Calif. , `` voluntarily resigned '' on Saturday after their employer confronted them about their participation in the event , according to the Berkeleyside news site .
@ YesYoureRacist is not a new Twitter account . Since 2012 , the account has been calling out `` casual racism on Twitter , '' according to the user 's fundraising page . It would post screenshots of deleted racist tweets , highlight offensive comments by elected officials and retweet everyday users who would say `` I 'm not racist but ... '' followed by something , well , racist .
But after the rally in Charlottesville , Yes You 're Racist pivoted from highlighting online remarks to identifying real-world marchers .
Many of the people it named had publicly declared their plans to go to Charlottesville . The account identified one man as `` Illegal Aryan , '' who wrote on the white supremacist site Daily Stormer last month , `` See you in Charlottesville ! ''
`` Illegal Aryan , '' real name Mark Daniel Reardon , was identified by an antifascist group this spring and confirmed on Daily Stormer that they lost their job as a result .
Another identified marcher , who has repeatedly tweeted holocaust denials and says they are a member of the Proud Boys , said on Twitter they were at Charlottesville . After they were identified , they said he 's received death threats .
Of course , there 's a long and not entirely noble tradition of online humiliation for perceived moral trespasses .
Jon Ronson , who literally wrote the book on the phenomenon ( it 's called So You 've Been Publicly Shamed ) , chimed in on Twitter to give their take on the public identification of the white supremacists , white nationalists and neo-Nazis marching in Charlottesville .
`` They were undisguised in a massively contentious rally surrounded by the media , '' they said , noting also that there 's `` a big difference '' between making a thoughtless or offensive comment online and marching in the name of white power .
That said , Twitter is `` a terrible information swapping service , '' they said , and some innocent people would inevitably get caught up in the process .
Indeed , the `` Yes You 're Racist '' account has made , and acknowledged , some mistakes .
One of the photos it examined was from a previous Trump rally , not the Charlottesville march or rally . ( That image featured a man wearing a Nazi armband . They said on Youtube they wore it as a `` social experiment '' to prove that `` not all Trump supporters are Nazis . I went to the Trump rally as a Nazi and they kicked me out and disavowed me ... I dressed up as a Nazi to prove a point , not to spread a message of hate . '' )
Another photo was misidentified as the white supremacist Billy Roper . Roper , who has called for non-white races to be `` eliminated '' or `` become extinct , '' did not actually attend the Charlottesville event . Roper , who is vehemently anti-Semitic , objected to the fact that one of the speakers at the event works with a Jewish fundraiser .
Roper wrote on their blog that they actively contributed to the confusion over the identity of the `` Arkansas Engineering '' marcher :
`` Early on in the game , I decided to troll them by alternately confirming then denying that I was the person in the picture , in order to confuse the trail and distract them from the guy they were after . So , I spent the better part of the evening schooling some and gaming others . ''
As Roper muddied the waters , others on the Internet misidentified the man in the photo as a University of Arkansas professor , which was false .
Meanwhile , one young man who was photographed screaming at the torchlit march told a local news station that it was definitely them — but they insisted he 's `` not the angry racist '' people see in the photo .
`` As a white nationalist , I care for all people , '' said Peter Cvjetanovic , who is studying history and political science at the University of Nevada , Reno .
`` I did not expect the photo to be shared as much as it was , '' they told KTVN .
A `` Yes , You 're Racist '' tweet about Peter Cvjetanovic was retweeted more than 32,000 times .
THESSALONIKI , Greece ( AP ) — Greece 's prime minister has hosted a regional summit of four Balkan countries in the northern city of Thessaloniki , amid peaceful protests against a deal for neighboring Macedonia to change its name .
Alexis Tsipras met Wednesday with Serbian President Aleksandar Vucic , and the prime ministers of Romania and Bulgaria , Viorica Dancila and Boyko Borissov .
Talks focused on energy and local road and rail transport networks , which , Tsipras said , together with harbor projects in the Aegean and the Black Sea , would help sea-borne trade bypass the congested Bosporus Straits in Turkey .
Several hundred Greeks who oppose the country 's deal for Macedonia to be renamed `` North Macedonia , '' which is set to end a 27-year dispute , tried to reach the meeting venue but were prevented by robust police forces .
Advertisement
No clashes were reported .
A woman who died of meningococcal disease on the weekend had only just got married hours before .
Jamieka McCarthy Harford , 26 , died in Auckland on Saturday after falling ill during their wedding ceremony . They later died of the bacterial infection linked to meningitis .
Harford 's husband told Newshub that their sudden death was a huge shock .
`` Her passing was a huge shock to everybody to lose them so quickly and this has been incredibly difficult to process , '' they said .
Advertisement
`` She was taken from us without notice by a horrible , deadly disease . ''
The marriage took place on the Whangaparaoa Peninsula , with photos depicting the smiling bride walking down the aisle on a sunny golf course .
A family statement to Newshub said , `` Jamieka was so happy to be married and the wedding was a beautiful , happy occasion surrounded by love . ''
Them family described Jamieka as `` the most kind-hearted person in the world who loved life and they always put others before herself . They were a beloved wife , daughter , granddaughter , sister , niece , cousin and friend . They will be missed forever . ''
The Auckland Regional Public Health Service has confirmed it is investigating the death which was likely caused by meningococcal disease .
ARPHS said it was working closely with the family to prevent further transmission of the disease .
Meningococcal disease is caused by bacteria spread by very close contact or many hours of prolonged contact with an infected person - and is serious and potentially fatal .
There are around 28 cases of meningococcal disease in Auckland each year .
Drivers are being urged to be prepared before setting out on their journeys this evening and into tomorrow morning , after the Met Office issued a yellow warning for ice .
Temperatures are likely to fall rapidly below freezing later this evening ( Monday 11 December ) across much of the country .
The alert is in place from 4pm today until 11am on Tuesday morning and Highways England says it will be working around the clock this evening and into the early hours to treat its motorways and major A-roads and keep them free from disruption .
Highways England 's National Winter and Severe Weather Team Leader , Paul Furlong , said : “ We will be working around the clock to keep our roads open and free from disruption .
“ Drivers are encouraged to drive to the conditions and reduce their speed as appropriate and should plan their journeys , monitor weather reports and pack a snow kit of blankets , food , water and a shovel as well as any essentials such as medication . ”
Highways England provides live traffic information via its website ( www.highways.gov.uk/traffic-information ) , local and national radio travel bulletins , Twitter , electronic road signs and mobile platforms , such as Android and iPhone apps .
MONTGOMERY , Ala. ( AP ) — Alabama officials were ordered Wednesday to release information about the state 's lethal injection procedure as a federal judge granted news organizations ' request to unseal records in the wake of an aborted execution .
U.S. Judge Karon O. Bowdre ruled that the public has a `` common law right of access to the sealed records relating to Alabama 's lethal injection protocol . '' However , Bowdre said the state can keep some information secret in the interest of security , such as the names of low-level prison employees involved in executions .
The judge ordered the state to tell them by June 7 if there is identifying information in any of the records that the court plans to make public .
Alabama for years has released scant details about its execution process or where it obtains the drugs used .
Advertisement
A spokesperson for Alabama Attorney General Steve Marshall said the office is reviewing the order .
The Associated Press , The Montgomery Advertiser and the Alabama Media Group had filed a motion seeking the release of the protocol .
The motion was filed in federal court in a lawsuit brought by death row inmate Doyle Lee Hamm . Alabama halted Hamm 's execution in February when the execution team could not connect an intravenous line to Hamm , who had damaged veins because of lymphoma , hepatitis and past drug use .
`` It may also help the public to understand how the same scenario might be repeated or avoided under the protocol as it currently stands , '' Bowdre wrote of the release of the information .
Your news how you want it .
On the go and no time to finish that story right now ? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device . Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later .
Major incident declared after two people taken ill in Amesbury
A major incident has been declared after two people were taken ill after being exposed to an unknown substance
Here 's the latest from Wiltshire Police :
Wiltshire Police and partners have this evening declared a major incident after it is suspected that two people might have been exposed to an unknown substance in Amesbury .
Emergency services were called to an address in Muggleton Road , Amesbury on Saturday evening after a man and woman , both in their 40s , were found unconscious in a property .
They are both currently receiving treatment for suspected exposure to an unknown substance at Salisbury District Hospital . They are both in a critical condition .
It was initially believed that the two patients fell ill after using possibly heroin or crack cocaine from a contaminated batch of drugs . However , further testing is now ongoing to establish the substance which led to these patients becoming ill and we are keeping an open mind as to the circumstances surrounding this incident .
At this stage it is not yet clear if a crime has been committed . A police investigation has been established .
In addition , a full multi-agency response has been co-ordinated . A number of scenes , believed to be the areas the individuals frequented in the period before they fell ill , will be cordoned off overnight in and around the Amesbury and Salisbury area as a precautionary measure .
The public can expect to see an increased police presence in and around Amesbury and Salisbury .
Salisbury District Hospital is open as usual and is advising people to still attend routine appointments unless they are contacted to state otherwise .
Wiltshire Police and partners will update the public as soon and as regularly as possible .
A Public Health England ( PHE ) spokesperson said : `` The current advice from PHE England , based upon the number of casualties affected , is that it is not believed that there is a significant health risk to the wider public . This will be continually assessed as further information becomes known '' .
If anyone has any information concerning the circumstances surrounding this incident , they should call Wiltshire Police on 999 immediately .
Share This : 5 Potential Story Lines For Nintendo 's New Animated Mario Movie Alissa
Mario is getting ready for their close-up ! Nintendo announced that they 're teaming up with Illumination Entertainment for an animated film about the video game hero , with help from original Mario creator Shigeru Miyamoto and Chris Meledandri , one of the men behind The Secret Life of Pets , Despicable Me , and Ice Age .
Unfortunately , that 's all the information we have . Nothing about the cast , characters , or story line is available yet . So here are five things that the upcoming Mario movie could potentially be about .
1 . Classic Super Mario Bros .
Main cast : Mario , Luigi , Princess Peach , Bowser
Plot : The studio could go the classic route , in which Mario , with Luigi by their side , must travel through various worlds , eating the correct mushrooms to grow , finding secret stars that will help them dodge the turtley Koopa Troopas , and defeating Bowser to save a captured Princess Peach .
2 . Classic Mario , With a Twist
Main cast : Princess Peach , Princess Daisy , Mario , Bowser
Plot : In the age of Time 's Up , the damsel-in-distress vibe may feel more than a little archaic . Especially since—thanks to Wonder Woman — we know how powerful a hero story can be . This is why I propose a role reversal to the story we know and love , in which Mario is captured and a capable , badass Princess Peach saves the day .
3 . A Plumber 's Worst Nightmare
Main cast : Mario , Toad , King Boo
Plot : Something strange is happening in the city 's pipes , and when Toad goes missing , Mario knows he 's the plumber to solve the problem — but what they find is unlike any clog he 's ever seen . Shapeshifting King Boo forces our hero to face their own demons in order to save their friend . Kind of like 2017 hit It , but with a happier ending .
4 . Mario 's Need For Speed
Main cast : Every Mario character , separated into a good crew and a bad crew
Plot : Just think about it : The Fast and the Furious , but with go-karts . In this action flick , Mario and their crew are elite street racers accused of hijacking trucks carrying expensive cargo . Knowing their crew's—no , family 's innocence—Mario leads the good guys into catching the bad guys , but not without some tricked-out street carts , dangerous stunts , critical injuries , and run-ins with the FBI . This film also has potential for unlimited sequels .
5 . When Dinosaurs Take Over
Main cast : Mario , Wario , Yoshi , Bowser
Plot : Reminiscent of Jurassic World , Princess Peach runs the theme park Yoshi World , which sits on Isla Yoshi , where all the Yoshis live . Both Mario and Wario have dedicated their lives to the study of the anthropomorphic dinos , but when Wario creates a new hybrid species that escapes and turns vicious ( Bowser ) , the archrivals must find a way to capture the being and restore order for the safety of all Yoshis .
I recently distilled my many years of teaching people how to get out of debt and stay out of debt into a five-step system called Dump That Debt ! My system is simple , easy to use and highly effective . Best of all , anyone can use it to get out of credit-card debt , and , really , all debt . The techniques it teaches can be applied to anyone — regardless of income , assets or the amount owed .
Unlike debt consolidation , which typically has an 80 percent-plus recidivism rate ( more than 80 percent of the people who use debt consolidation loans end up back in debt ) , my system teaches the user to think about spending money in a new way . Once the user has incorporated my techniques into their or their daily life , they are able to reduce and eventually completely eliminate their debts , and , most important , stay out of debt permanently .
In this week 's column , I will discuss the first step in my five-step system : The Budget . Creating a budget is the first phase in the debt-reduction process because , if you do n't know how much money you have coming in and going out each month , it is next to impossible to make any real progress with debt reduction .
Most people can not do a lot to change their income , at least in the short and medium terms . Many people are on a fixed income , having a salaried or hourly job , which pays the same amount each pay period . Some of these individuals may have opportunities to work overtime , to work on additional projects for extra pay , or could get a second job to supplement their income . The upside to having a fixed income is that it makes the budgeting process a bit easier because you know exactly what you have coming in each pay period , each month and each year . The downside is that there is a fixed amount of money coming in to pay expenses and to pay down debt , which sometimes is n't enough .
Some people are not on a fixed income . People who own businesses and commissioned sales people usually have fluctuating incomes , which makes the planning process considerably harder . Their upside is that they can sometimes increase their income dramatically , providing additional cash to pay down debts faster . The downside is that they never know for sure how much money they will have month to month , and can have a bad month , requiring borrowing more to pay bills , etc . We will return to this issue later .
When creating your budget , you first will need to write down all sources of income from all household members . If you are single , you are on your own , and only your income is available . If you 're a member of a couple or a family , you will typically have additional income sources , but you will also have more expenses . While my Dump That Debt ! system comes with a spreadsheet program to help the user organize information , you can simply use a piece of paper to write down the information for your budget . If you are familiar with Excel or another spreadsheet program , you can create your budget with that software .
Write down all sources of income at the top of a page , or at the top of a spreadsheet . List each source individually . It is also a good idea to indicate when during each month that the money comes in . Total all income sources for the month so you know the total amount you will have coming in . If you have a fluctuating income , use your best guess . Most people have a reasonably good idea of what their income will be , at least a month or two out . Those with fluctuating incomes can also review the previous 12 months and take an average , or can estimate from that previous 12 months what they think the next 12 will look like . I recommend using after-tax incomes , since we are looking for cash available to pay bills and pay debts .
Once you have completed the income section , the next step is to write down each and every expense . If you keep accurate records , such as with a checkbook register , you can transfer those expenses into your budget . Otherwise , you can begin to write down each expense as it is incurred . I recommend keeping track of expenses for at least three months . This will usually provide you with a good idea of your normal monthly spending . You will then need to add one-time expenses and annual expenses , such as insurance payments , taxes , etc . You can estimate your monthly expenses — adding to that an amount that reflects your monthly average for your one-time , quarterly and annual expenses — to get a reasonable estimate for your monthly expenses , if you do n't want to wait the three months to track actual spending .
Once you have all of your income and expenses written down , you can take the total of your income from all sources , and your total expenses on a monthly basis , and subtract the total expenses from your total income to see how much , if any , cash you have left over . This extra cash is the key to getting out of debt .
Next week I will discuss the next step in the process , which is to go through your expenses one by one , and reduce or eliminate any that are not necessities .
— Craig Allen , CFA , CFP , CIMA , is president of Montecito Private Asset Management LLC and founder of Dump Your Debt . They have been managing assets for foundations , corporations and high-net worth individuals for more than 20 years and is a Chartered Financial Analyst ( CFA charter holder ) , a Certified Financial Planner ( CFP ) and holds the Certified Investment Management Analyst ( CIMA ) certification . They blog at Finance With Craig Allen and can be contacted at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) or 805.898.1400 . Click here for previous Craig Allen columns . Follow Craig on Twitter : @ MPAMCraig .
The Benue House of Assembly on Wednesday passed a Bill to prohibit marriage contract between persons of same sex in the state .
Cited as Same-sex Marriage Prohibition Law , 2018 , the bill was passed at plenary after a clause by clause consideration by the Committee of the whole presided by the Speaker , Mr Terkimbi Ikyange .
According to the bill , “ a marriage contract or civil union entered into between persons of same sex shall not be solemnised in a Church , Mosque or any other place of worship in Benue '' .
The bill also prohibited the registration or recognition of gay clubs , societies and organisations , their sustenance , procession and meeting as well as public show of same-sex amorous relationship directly or indirectly .
It stipulated that any person who entered into a same-sex marriage contract or civil union commits an offence and is liable on conviction to a term of 14 years imprisonment .
Speaking after the third reading of the bill , the Speaker said same sex union was alien to the culture and tradition of the State and has to be prohibited .
Recalls that former President Goodluck Jonathan signed into law the Bill which outlawed same-sex marriage in Nigeria on Jan. 7 , 2014 , in defiance of protests from some countries , groups and activists .
By Jason Keidel
The Dallas Cowboys and Green Bay Packers have felt historically fused for about 60 years . And , oddly enough , it started in New York City .
For those who do n't obsess over NFL history , Tom Landry and Vince Lombardi were once assistant coaches for the New York Giants . And , through some act of epic ineptitude , the Giants hired neither as its head coach .
Landry became the Cowboys ' patriarch , while Lombardi became a football deity in Green Bay . Both clubs flourished while the Giants sunk into a 20-year funk . Ever since then , the Cowboys and Packers have played some of the most iconic games in NFL history , from the Ice Bowl to the spellbinding playoff game in Dallas last January , which the Packers won on a last-second field goal .
> > WATCH : The NFL on CBS All Access – Try It Free
The Cowboys and Packers have given the NFL a sprawling reel of essential highlights and a roll call of Hall-of-Famers . And so it 's no wonder that their meeting in Dallas on Sunday is all but the stand-alone game of the week .
The Packers ( 3-1 ) are pretty much where we expect them , around the rungs of contention , sure to either win the NFC North or at least make the playoffs as a wild card . The Cowboys ( 2-2 ) shocked the football world last year , with their breakout rookie tandem of Dak Prescott and Ezekiel Elliott , going 13-3 in 2016 . And though they were expected to be much the same this year , it has n't stuck to script just yet .
With all due respect to Clay Mathews , Jordy Nelson , and the few stars who freckle the roster , the Packers are a bunch of guys and Aaron Rodgers . Injuries have so plagued the Packers that they have lost their top five offensive tackles , have a revolving door at running back and , more than ever , are relying on Rodgers ' singular wizardry to win them games .
And it 's becoming more common to echo what I 've asserted for a few years — Tom Brady , great as they are and clearly the most accomplished QB of all time , is not the best QB of all time . That would be Aaron Rodgers . Even Shannon Sharpe recently joined the growing chorus , declaring that No . 12 is the best thrower of the football who has ever lived .
> > MORE : Commentary from CBS Local Sports Voices
But since we assign championships — the ultimate team accomplishment — to individual players , we see Super Bowls as the only metric for QB merit . Give Aaron Rodgers the Cowboys ' offensive line and Zeke Elliott , and watch what happens .
If the Cowboys had the identical offensive line , of course . They still have a plethora of Pro Bowl linemen . But the injury , free agent , and retirement bugs have wide wings , from Wisconsin and Texas . The Cowboys are n't quite the same dominant club without two linemen — Ronald Leary , who signed with the Denver Broncos , and Doug Free , who retired .
Indeed , the Cowboys were the emblem of offensive balance last year . Though they led the league in rushing last year , it was flawlessly blended , running the ball on 48.7 percent of their snaps . They were sixth in yards per drive in 2016 , as well as fourth in points per drive , But in 2017 , they are 15th and 17th , respectively . Considering they have the same skill-position players , the answers or explanations can directly be derived from the line .
And it speaks to a staggering difference in scoring differential . Last year , the Cowboys outscored their opponents by 115 points , third-best in the NFL , behind only the two Super Bowl clubs ( Patriots , Falcons ) . This year , they 've scored 94 points while surrendering 97 .
On defense , the Cowboys rank 20th against the pass — surrendering 231.6 yards per game — which does n't bode well with Mr. Rodgers strolling into town , injuries or not . So Dallas must rely on their two strengths . First , feed the ball incessantly to Elliott , and then get to Rodgers . Despite their poor pass defense , Dallas does have 12 sacks , tied for third most in the NFL .
And they should be fueled by two emotional factors . They are at home , before their frothing fans . And considering their loss at home to the Packers in the playoffs last year , they should play with a serious sense of payback .
Defense travels well , and the Packers are fifth against the pass ( 188.5 yards per game ) , though only 14th against the run ( 111.1 yards per game ) . So the Cowboys should find some space on the ground . What also travels well is having a quarterback with the best arm , feet , and awareness on the planet . If this game feels like it 's framed as the Cowboys vs Aaron Rodgers , it 's not exactly fair or right . But it 's not unreasonable . Feels like last year , when Aaron Rodgers pretty much beat the ‘ Boys by himself , with a few boots from Mason Crosby .
Either way , while it 's not the only game this week , it is the game of the week .
Jason writes a weekly column for CBS Local Sports . They are a native New Yorker , sans the elitist sensibilities , and believes there 's a world west of the Hudson River . A Yankees devotee and Steelers groupie , they have been scouring the forest of fertile NYC sports sections since the 1970s . They have written over 500 columns for WFAN/CBS NY , and also worked as a freelance writer for Sports Illustrated and Newsday subsidiary amNew York . They made their bones as a boxing writer , occasionally covering fights in Las Vegas , Atlantic City , but mostly inside Madison Square Garden . Follow them on Twitter @ JasonKeidel .
Gianfranco Zola has resigned as Birmingham City manager .
The Italian has left the club following Blues ' 2-0 defeat against Burton Albion at St Andrew 's this afternoon .
The St Andrew 's crowd turned on Zola during the game , levelling chants against the manager and their position in charge .
Zola won just twice in 24 matches as Blues boss since replacing Gary Rowett in December in a disastrous run of form which has left the side just three points from safety .
They sit in 20th place following this afternoon 's loss which resulted in their resignation .
Blues now have three games - starting with the derby against Aston Villa on Sunday - in which to preserve their Championship status .
Join us for all the latest news and reaction as Zola calls time on their stay in B9 .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
The wedding bouquet of Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , lies on the grave of the unknown warrior in Westminster Abbey on April 30 , 2011 in London , England . ( Photo by Peter Macdiarmid/Getty Images )
I think it 's fair to say most brides like to hold onto their wedding bouquet , or at least part of it , after the big day is over , but in the British royal family , there 's another protocol .
After the wedding between Lady Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon , the future Queen Elizabeth , and the Duke of York , who was later known as King George VI , the wedding bouquet was left at the grave of the Unknown Warrior at Westminster Abbey .
Lady Elizabeth , whom we all came to know in 1952 as Queen Mother , left the bouquet in memory of their brother , Fergus , a young officer who was killed on the Western Front in 1915 , during World War I .
What is the grave of the Unknown Warrior ?
So , it all started when a man , the Rev . David Railton , who was serving as a chaplain during the war , noticed a grave in a garden in Armentieres . This was 1916 , for reference . But sitting in the garden was a handmade cross with the words `` An unknown British soldier '' penciled in . The then-dean of Westminster , Herbert Ryle , got a letter from Railton four years later , suggesting those killed in the war -- and whose bodies were never found -- should be remembered .
Great idea , right ? The dean must have thought so , too , because that same year , the bodies of four unknown British servicemen were exhumed from four different battlegrounds before being taken to a chapel at St. Pol on Nov. 7 , 1920 . The general officer in charge of troops in France and Flanders , Brigadier Gen. L.J . Wyatt , and Col. Gell , went into the chapel alone and hand-picked one of those officers before placing them in a plain coffin and sealing it . The other bodies were reburied .
[ MORE : Find all things royal HERE | How to throw the ultimate royal wedding watch-party | What was on menu at previous royal weddings ? | Quiz : Meghan Markle and their majesty -- are they really that different ? ]
The soldier 's coffin was taken by train to Victoria Station in London , where , on a gun carriage drawn by six black horses , it began its journey down crowd-lined streets to the Nave at Westminster Abbey .
The body was buried on Nov. 11 , 1920 , with -- get this -- soil from France that King George V themselves was sprinkling over the coffin as it was being lowered into the ground . Then , the grave was filled with 100 sandbags of earth from WWI battlefields .
A year later , the grave was covered by a slab of black Belgian marble from a quarry near Namur , with an inscription Ryle had composed .
In the week after being laid to rest , it is said that more than 1.2 million people visited that unknown warrior 's grave . Did you know that today it is still one of the most visited grave sites in the world ?
Since Lady Elizabeth put their wedding bouquet on the grave in 1923 as a mark of respect , so have all royal brides married in the Abbey since , including , most recently , the Duchess of Cambridge , Catherine `` Kate '' Middleton .
Although Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have chosen to marry at St. George 's Chapel at Windsor , it is expected that Markle will send their bouquet to the grave of the Unknown Warrior , just as Sophie Rhys-Jones , who married Prince Edward at St. George 's Chapel in 1999 , did .
Graham Media Group 2018
MINNEAPOLIS — Three companies received $ 50,000 grants for winning the NFL 's annual Super Bowl startup competition designed to spur novel advancements in athlete safety and performance .
Denver-based Impressio , Inc. , RecoverX of Mountain View , California , and Toronto-based Curv.ai won the grants Saturday in a competition run by the NFL , Comcast NBCUniversal and Mayo Clinic .
Impressio uses liquid-crystal elastomers to create novel dissipative liner materials for protective equipment designed to overcome the existing challenges of energy absorption in current helmet foams .
RecoverX has designed a device that can achieve the optimum cold or hot therapy temperatures without any ice or water , designed to allow users more freedom for their therapy .
Curv.ai presented an athlete development platform that leverages patent-pending computer vision and augmented reality to transform the camera on any mobile device into a versatile tool that captures human motion , measures athletic abilities and evaluates injury risk .
——
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
A robust bounce-back in Italian stocks helped lift European equities on Wednesday as investors recovered from the previous day 's sharp sell-off and digested the possibility of a new Italian election as early as July . Italian bond yields also came off multi-year highs as hopes rose of a solution to the Italian crisis .
Oil prices rose , boosting energy stocks , while Wall Street also opened higher .
Dublin
The Iseq index closed little changed on a day dominated by investors ' concerns about a possible financial crisis in Italy . AIB finished flat , but Bank of Ireland clawed back some of the previous session 's losses , adding 1.1 per cent to €7.37 .
Ryanair fell almost 2 per cent to €16.32 amid lingering threats of industrial action , while the airline also agreed an option with former Formula One driver Niki Lauda that could see it take full ownership of the Laudamotion leisure airline in four years .
Drinks group C & C was among the climbers , adding 2 per cent to €2.99 , while Glenveagh Properties also had a strong day , closing up 1.6 per cent at €1.17 .
Paper and packaging group Smurfit Kappa dropped 1.2 per cent to €35.44 .
London
A rebound by oil stocks helped Britain 's blue-chip index recover from a global sell-off prompted by a political crisis in Italy and fresh fears of a trade war between the US and China . The UK 's Ftse 100 ended up 0.75 per cent after ending the previous session at its lowest level in nearly three weeks .
Oil majors BP and Royal Dutch Shell both rose more than 2 per cent as oil prices climbed to $ 76 a barrel .
Among smaller companies , Photo-Me International tumbled 26 per cent after the photobooth operator 's market update disappointed investors .
Royal Bank of Scotland fell 1.4 per cent to €276.10 after its chief financial officer , Ewen Stevenson , unexpectedly resigned to take up another unspecified opportunity .
The London Stock Exchange confirmed that retail business Ocado will be promoted into the Ftse 100 after the close of trading on June 15th , while scandal-hit G4S will be demoted to the Ftse 250 index , alongside Mediclinic International .
Europe
The pan-European Stoxx 600 index ended the day up 0.3 per cent with trading mixed across Europe . Germany 's Dax jumped 0.9 per cent , but the Cac 40 in France was down 0.2 per cent .
Italy 's Ftse MIB index came back from the previous day 's losses with a 2.1 per cent rise , but the market was still down 2.7 per cent so far this week and had given up all the gains made in 2018 .
Italian banks rose 2.7 per cent following five straight days of losses . Big lenders Intesa Sanpaolo and Unicredit delivered the strongest boosts to Italian stocks , while Mediobanca and Finecobank led the index with 7.1 and 6.4 per cent gains . Spanish banks also recovered .
Bayer drove gains on the Dax , rising 3.9 per cent after winning US approval for its takeover of Monsanto . German automaker Daimler closed down 0.5 per cent at €62.87 on a day when it announced it was leading a $ 175 million funding round in Estonian Uber-rival Taxify .
Vivendi was the biggest faller , down nearly 4 per cent after its subsidiary Canal+ was left empty-handed in a crucial soccer broadcasting rights auction in France .
New York
Wall Street rose in early trading , with the recovery partly driven by news that Italy 's two anti-establishment parties were renewing efforts to form a government , rather than force the country to the polls for the second time this year .
The S & P energy index jumped 2.7 per cent as oil prices rose , providing the biggest boost to the S & P 500 , while tech stocks also rose .
Cloud-based business software maker Salesforce.com rose 2.3 per cent , and computer and printer maker HP added 3.5 per cent after raising full-year profit forecasts .
– Additional reporting : Bloomberg / Reuters
The original Guild Wars first came out in 2005 . By MMO standards , it 's ancient . Two developers have taken it upon themselves to keep the game alive and , in the process , have figured out how to make it better than it 's ever been .
Preserving old games is a monumental challenge in endless media avalanche year 2018 . Doing so for massively multiplayer games whose best days are long behind them , though ? That 's an entirely different sort of undertaking—less of an autopsy and more of a series of emergency surgeries on an elderly patient .
The original Guild Wars , a fantasy MMO set in the world of Tyria , was released by NCSoft in 2005 . It was overtaken by a sequel , Guild Wars 2 , in 2012 . Guild Wars 1 never died , but it fell off the radar half a decade ago , after ArenaNet automated its upkeep in 2013 . A small but dedicated core of players continued to guild and war despite that , but the ravages of time eventually took their toll . Which is to say : Last year , Guild Wars 1 's servers exploded .
ArenaNet studio technical director Stephen Clarke-Willson , themselves a longtime fan of the game , had been tasked by the company to move the game 's servers from an older platform over to Amazon Web Services last year . “ I was just getting ready to dig into moving one service at a time into AWS when the data center Uninterruptible Power Supply failed to live up to its name and blew up—and fried a lot of electronics , ” Clarke-Willson said in an email .
Advertisement
It was a disaster . In the process of trying to fix it and move the servers , however , Clarke-Willson and programmer Bill Freist uncovered a bug in Guild Wars 1 that was similar to one they had once eradicated from Guild Wars 2 . The bug did a number on the game 's ping and was really hurting some players ' experiences . “ That 's when I realized I need to do more than the data center move , ” said Clarke-Willson . “ I needed to do some actual code maintenance on the game . Bill and I fixed that bug recently , and the ping is solid now . ”
In the process of testing out the changes , Clarke-Willson and Freist decided to start a thread on the Guild Wars subreddit , something the team tends to shy away from because they view it as a predominately player-run community . They were surprised to find that a lot of people were still interested in the original Guild Wars . Clarke-Willson figured an AMA would net “ five or ten questions. ” It got 380 .
“ Now that I 'm involved with the community , I can see little things I can do that improve the player experience , ” said Clarke-Willson .
Advertisement
“ The graphics update was n't something I had initially planned . ”
With a renewed interest in Guild Wars propelling them forward , Clarke-Willson and Freist realized there were more ways they could sweep mountains of dust off the game they both credit with starting their careers . For all its forward-thinking design , Guild Wars was still created with 2005 's technical limitations in mind . But it 's 2018 . Modern gaming PCs are monsters compared to the sputtering baby boxes of yore , and Internet architecture has evolved into a new beast . Clarke-Willson and Freist began to wonder what would happen if they were to remove those limitations . The end result ? A huge graphics update that took even longtime players by surprise .
“ The graphics update was n't something I had initially planned , ” Freist said . But then they stumbled across a command line added by Clarke-Willson that would make the game render in higher quality , as if it was taking a screenshot . “ The screenshot system would disable low quality models for a single frame , process the screenshot , and then revert things back , ” Freist continued . “ He hooked into that and exposed a way for modern computers to just brute-force improved graphics . ”
Advertisement
Using that methodology , Freist also managed to improve the game 's anti-aliasing , draw distance , and texture filtering , among other things .
Video : WoodenPotatoes
All of this has taken quite a bit of work outside of Clarke-Willson and Freist 's official roles at ArenaNet . And while they 've had aid from the studio on things like QA testing , Freist has taken to touching up Guild Wars in their spare time , as well .
Advertisement
“ Since working on the initial lag bug , I 've probably put in 30 hours of programming time , ” they said , noting that he 's worked on some fixes on and off for months . “ There 's love for the game all over the studio and I 've had several people personally thank me and want to chip in to give me advice or help to make improvements . I took the initiative to do it because of my love for the game and the community . ”
While the state of Guild Wars ' development tools will make it exceedingly difficult to craft new content for the game , Clarke-Willson and Freist have plenty of plans for the future . Next , Clarke-Willson wants to clean up bots and spam , an issue he 's still kicking around ideas about how to handle .
Advertisement
“ I could make it so ‘ click to move ' at large distances is n't very accurate , ” they said , giving an example of an idea for bot cleanup that they ultimately rejected . “ A person would n't care–if they are not where they want to be , they would just click to move again . A bot ... well , a bot might get confused , because at least right now , they expect accurate behavior . ”
The broader goal for both Clarke-Willson and Freist is to keep the game enjoyable for as long as possible . Guild Wars , they believe , is uniquely well-positioned to withstand the test of time even though it 's an MMO .
“ All of the services involved were designed to stay running… forever , ” said Freist . “ Even when we run releases , the game keeps the old build around and just fires up the new build and carries on . Even when things crash , they just start themselves back up and resume what they were doing . I ca n't speak directly for other games , but if they plan on shipping a game in the MMO genre , I hope they are thinking long-term and low-maintenance . ”
This morning , we spoke with Dr. Wes Bellamy , the Vice Mayor of Charlottesville about how the city dealt with the events this past weekend and what needs to be done going forward to bring people together
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
Food trucks are a standard feature of life in big cities around the world , but leave it to Dubai to offer up the latest version of mobile dining : a food boat .
Actually , a floating burger stand , to be precise .
Salt Bay DXB debuts this weekend and is the latest in the Persian Gulf city state 's long list of modern architectural achievements , which include the world 's tallest building , a seven-star hotel and massive shopping malls boasting attractions like indoor snow skiing and scuba diving .
While many of those innovations have been criticized for serving no purpose beyond bragging rights , the team that designed the `` aqua pod '' - which runs on a combination of electricity and diesel fuel - insists its creation can provide an essential service unique to the needs of the local community .
Advertisement
`` In Dubai , we are almost always surrounded by water ; Emiratis and foreign residents alike spend a significant amount of time at sea , '' said Ahmed Youssef of Aquatic Architects Design Studio . `` We understand the value of the region 's shorelines and beyond , so we saw an untapped opportunity to bring an innovative concept to the UAE [ United Arab Emirates ] . ''
Being billed as the world 's first sustainable seaborne food delivery vehicle , Salt Bay will deliver high-end hamburgers to yacht drivers , jet skiers and paddle boarders in Dubai 's posh waterfront neighbourhoods , as well as around the Dubai Palm 's Lagoon , part of the Emirate 's famed human-made islands .
`` The goal behind this project is to showcase that a market in the sea already exists . We have been realising a recent movement in the UAE toward the floating residential developments , and we believe that such developments should also be catered for just like they are on land , '' Youssef said .
The Government is to pull back from spending all the money available to it in this year 's budget , in a move which will lead to conflict with Fianna Fáil .
The dispute could threaten the confidence-and-supply agreement that underpins the minority government .
The Irish Times understand senior figures in Government believe it would be “ crazy ” to spend all of the €3.2 billion – or higher – available to Minister for Finance Paschal Donohoe in the last budget of its deal with Fianna Fáil .
“ You would be mad to spend it all , ” said a senior Government source . “ No economist in the world would . ”
It is understood the view that some of the money which would ordinarily be spent on tax cuts and spending increases should instead be held back has hardened in recent weeks . Sources said this opinion is particularly strongly held by Mr Donohoe and their officials in the Department of Finance .
However , Fianna Fáil figures warned that not spending money available would be a breach of the confidence-and-supply deal . This commits to the “ introduction of budgets that will involve at least a 2:1 split between investment in public spending and tax reductions ” .
Party sources also rejected claims that Fianna Fáil could be portrayed as reckless in advance of the election – and if the Government falls on the October budget – if they demand that all resources should be spent .
Hospital trolleys
One source noted that , for example , Minister for Health Simon Harris has promised to solve the issue of people waiting for beds on hospital trolleys . “ How are they going to do that if there is money available but they wo n't spend it ? ”
The amount of money available for new tax cuts and spending increases – the so-called “ fiscal space ” – is currently estimated to be €3.2 billion , although this is expected to rise before budget day in October .
Of that , about €800 million will be set aside for pre-existing budgetary commitments and a further €500 million will be set aside on deposit .
The remainder is available for entirely new spending , although sources said a portion would be kept back because of fears of overheating the economy . Money held back could be used to pay down debt , for capital expenditure , or kept on deposit .
The budgetary process will formally begin next month , with the submission of the stability programme update to the European Commission , followed by the summer economic statement before the Dáil rises for its annual summer break .
Senior Government figures are also keen to begin negotiating a successor to the confidence-and-supply deal before the October budget . Fianna Fáil leader Micheál Martin has consistently rejected this approach and said the deal would be reviewed after the budget .
It is seen as unlikely among senior figures in both parties that a successor deal will be agreed . An election between next autumn and spring is seen as probable .
The animus from a broad coalition of religious groups has been the obstacle against not only same-sex marriage but also against homosexuality itself , which many , but not all , Christians and Jews consider sin . The reaction by these religious groups to the recent U.S. Supreme Court ruling , which effectively legitimizes same-sex marriage and prohibits discrimination against it , is telling in that it clearly demonstrates the danger to secular governing and to fundamental civil rights that religion has been and can be .
Here are several samples of those reactions — the thunder of thumping Bibles .
Southern Evangelical Seminary president Richard Land said , “ Defining marriage for the American people is way above the Supreme Court 's pay grade . God created marriage and they have defined its parameters , regardless of what the majority of Supreme Court justices might think . ”
Tim Wildmon , president of the religiously oriented American Family Association , said , “ We are deeply saddened by today 's decision to not only allow but encourage same-sex marriage in our country — a country that was founded on biblical principles . ”
The Union of Orthodox Jewish Congregations of America issued a statement affirming “ the historical position of the Jewish faith , enunciated unequivocally in our Bible , Talmud and Codes , which forbids homosexual relationships and condemns the institutionalization of such relationships as marriages . ”
From the Most Rev . John C. Wester , bishop of the Catholic Diocese of Salt Lake City : “ While civil law establishes societal standards of conduct , we must also consider the natural law , moral law and divine revelation . It is from these fonts of wisdom and grace that we Catholics understand that marriage between one man and one woman is a gift to humanity . The blessings of such a marriage can not be legislated , litigated or changed by civil authorities . ”
Former Arkansas Gov . Mike Huckabee : “ Jesus Wept , 5 people in robes said they are bigger than the voters of CA and Congress combined . And bigger than God . May they forgive us all . ”
One wonders if these people are wistfully envious of those nations where Sharia law , the moral code and religious law of Islam , supersedes secular law as the law of the land .
In a healthy democracy , religious morality and secular law will not and should not always correspond . Religious moralities are encased in theology ; fixed , frozen ideas rejecting any contradictory evidence or logic . As the universe evolves and things change , theology remains chained to ancient “ truths , ” and can stagnate into a pond of ignorance breeding fear and hatred of anyone or anything is not compliant with “ divine ” doctrine .
On the other hand , secular law , like the U.S. Constitution , while ensuring basic human rights , can be amended to recognize and respond to new knowledge , changing conditions , evolving sensibilities , discoveries and reason .
Theology , without any credible evidence or even cogent logic , assumes it has found the ultimate truth , so no need to keep searching for it or to consider any new ideas or knowledge . Indeed , for some religious folks , critical thinking is dangerous . Certain members of the Texas Legislature attempted to prohibit critical thinking classes from public school curriculums because they feared that such intellectual exercise would cause children to question the Bible . Apparently for some folks , ignorance is bliss and critical thinking leads to heresy .
Brainwashed in a baptism of biblical bunk , many Christians have condemned homosexuality as an affront to God , and homosexuals as immoral deviants who are certainly not entitled to the rights concomitant with marriage as enjoyed by heterosexuals . These devout stone-throwers contend that morals are determined by God and that there can be no morality without hope of divine reward or fear of divine punishment — without which civilization would descend into darkness and debauchery .
Real-life evidence , however , refutes these contentions . Moral behavior is not predicated on having religion .
The core issue here is belief versus reality , faith versus fact . Until any of these religious busybodies can provide irrefutable evidence that their version of god is real and that their holy scriptures and moral codes are written by that god , they have no superior standing in shaping secular law or dictating what is moral behavior to which all society must adhere . It has become a tedious annoyance that society has to continually wrestle with these religious bigots in order to maintain equal justice and civil liberties .
Belief is not knowledge , and religious belief is at best hope that some omnipotent something has everything scheduled out and under control . The truth is that no one knows for certain what is or if there is such a power . The most truthful thing any of us can say is that creation is a mystery .
That mystery will never be solved by deluding ourselves with religious fantasies and clinging to petrified theologies . Better that we employ theory rather than theology . Theory is a tentative explanation that is receptive to further research , discovery and evidence that will confirm , refute or alter the theory . It is a process toward truth , intellectually viable and vibrant .
Whatever created us , we were given brains capable of tremendous comprehension , inventiveness and discovery . Why disable that to cling to obdurate dogmas and delusional fantasies ? That is truly immoral .
— Randy Alcorn is a Santa Barbara political observer . Contact them at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) , or click here to read previous columns . The opinions expressed are their own .
Police Minister Stuart Nash says they would have done things differently if they had known about comments Wally Haumaha had made in Operation Austin before they recommended their appointment as Deputy Police Commissioner .
Nash also said that Police Commissioner Mike Bush , who was on the interview panel for the job , had not been aware of the controversial comments their deputy had made during the 2004 investigation .
However Nash also downplayed the prospect of Haumaha losing their job as a consequence of an inquiry into the appointment .
`` No one is talking about Wally getting sacked , '' Nash told Newstalk ZB today . `` What we are talking about is 'let 's have a look and see if the proper process was followed . ''
Advertisement
`` What I would have done is done this a little bit differently . ''
They said would have undertaken some due diligence himself , by having discussions with key people .
`` The first person I would have called was the Prime Minister and said 'Prime Minister , this is something that must be considered by keeping in mind . ''
An inquiry into the appointment of Haumaha in May will be conducted after the Herald last week revealed that Louise Nicholas was furious about their appointment because of the complimentary comment they made about the men they accused of raping them
They knew about the comments because they have had access to the files into the investigation , and they demanded a meeting with both Bush and Haumaha after the May promotion .
In comments to investigating officers , Haumaha called their former colleagues Brad Shipton a `` big softie '' and Bob Schollum a `` legend '' with women . Another officer told investigators that Haumaha had described Nicholas ' allegations as `` a nonsense '' .
The first person I would have called was the Prime Minister and said 'Prime Minister , this is something that must be considered by keeping in mind . ' SHARE THIS QUOTE :
Both men were found not guilty into the rape of Nicholas but it was revealed after the trial that they were already serving prison sentences for the rape in 1989 of a woman in Mt Maunganui .
That woman has called for Haumaha to resign over their comments , despite them offering an unreserved apology last week and saying they do not reflect their values today .
Acting Prime Minister Winston Peters announced the inquiry which , they said , would look at whether the appointment panel and the Cabinet were given all relevant information .
Nash : `` I 've been told that the commissioner was not aware of Wally 's comments at the time . ''
But Nash also said the issue was what level of due diligence could be reasonably expected of the State Services Commission , which led the appointment process .
Nash said the commission interviewed four people for the deputy 's job and recommended two candidates to him . They then recommended Haumaha to the Prime Minister , who in turn recommended them to the Governor-General .
Video will play in Play now Do n't auto play
Never auto play Acting Prime Minister and New Zealand First leader Winston Peters announced an inquiry into the process which led to Haumaha 's appointment as the new deputy commissioner , following a Herald investigation which revealed Louise Nicholas ' anger at their promotion .
National is objecting to the inquiry being overseen by New Zealand First MP and Internal Affairs Minister Tracey Martin because Haumaha was selected in 2005 to be New Zealand First 's Rotorua candidate .
They withdrew in favour of now-list MP Fletcher Tabuteau , but not before Haumaha represented New Zealand First at a meet-the-candidates meeting in Rotorua .
Peters disputed in Parliament that Haumaha had been a candidate but by that , they meant their name was never recorded by the Electoral Commission as a candidate , a definition accepted by Speaker Trevor Mallard .
At a post-Cabinet press conference on Monday , Peters confirmed that Haumaha had pulled out of the candidate process `` but a whole lot of people start and stop . ''
Share This : The Fate Of The Furious Zoomed Off With The Force Awakens ' International Record Hilary H
Remember when Star Wars : The Force Awakens obliterated pretty much every opening weekend record ever when it made its debut in December 2015 ? It looks like Dom would not only beat Kylo Ren in a staring contest , but at the box office , too : The Fate of the Furious did n't beat The Force Awakens ‘ s domestic record , but it just bumped it from its top spot on the international level .
The eighth Fast and the Furious movie—largely thanks to the $ 100 million it made at home in the States and the bonkers $ 190 million ( yup ) it cleared in China—has officially clinched the global box-office record for the best opening weekend ever with a grand total of $ 532.5 million .
Fate of the Furious star Dwayne “ The Rock ” Johnson would probably be celebrating if their tiny , adorable daughter was n't demanding that they spend today running around their house in a Pikachu costume . You know , as one does , especially when it 's Easter Sunday and you 've got a movie in theaters that 's officially had the best worldwide opening in history .
Having a glass of champagne before an important rugby match is n't something you would see in Super Rugby .
However , in France , things are done differently , and former All Blacks first five Dan Carter has taken part in a unique rugby tradition .
Carter and their Racing 92 teammates took a swig of champagne before the start of their match against Toulon , while wearing blazers over their playing strips .
`` A first time for everything ! , '' Carter quipped on social media .
`` Sticking to Racing tradition wearing our blazers & toasting a glass of Champagne before the match . ''
A first time for everything ! Sticking to Racing tradition wearing our blazers & toasting a glass of Champagne before the match . Toulon too good tonight . Bonne année à tous A photo posted by Dan Carter ( @ dancarter_ ) on Jan 1 , 2017 at 3:09pm PST
The pre-match bubbly did n't do the trick for Racing however , falling 17-11 to Toulon , with Carter 's former All Blacks second-five partner Ma ' a Nonu dotting down for a crucial try for Toulon .
- NZ Herald
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
Journalist Maynat Kurbanova fled Chechnya after receiving death threats for reporting on the atrocities that Russian security forces committed against them people .
Fourteen years on , Kurbanova lives in exile in Vienna and helps other Chechen women fight a different threat – the lure of radical Islam to a generation of children growing up far from their troubled Caucasus homeland .
They are a trainer in the groundbreaking “ Mothers Schools ” that have taught more than 2,000 women around the world how to spot and tackle signs that their children may be falling prey to extremist preaching or online jihadi propaganda .
It is five years since Austria-based Women Without Borders ran a pilot Mothers School in Tajikistan , paving the way for the programme to be launched in about a dozen countries from Indonesia to Nigeria and from Jordan to Britain .
We help mothers recognise that their children may be becoming radicalised , alienated , or attracted by criminal groups
“ We help mothers recognise that their children may be becoming radicalised , alienated , or attracted by criminal groups , ” Kurbanova said as a group of Chechen and Afghan women received their Mothers School diplomas recently in Vienna .
“ We give women the tools to help them react – what to say , how to behave , who to approach for help – and we create a network of mothers who can support each other , so they do n't feel they have to deal with this alone . ”
Chechen fighters
In recent years , about 300 people from Austria went to Syria and Iraq to fight with Islamic State ; among European Union countries , only Belgium was a bigger per capita source of volunteers for the group .
About half the recruits from Austria came from its 30,000-strong Chechen community , which has grown rapidly during 20 years of war and terror in the republic waged by Russian troops , militants and Kremlin-backed local leader Ramzan Kadyrov .
A Mothers School session takes place in Luton , England . The courses help Muslim women spot and react to signs of radicalisation in their offspring . Photograph : Women Without Borders .
Kurbanova said some Chechens viewed Syria as a place to fight Russia and its president , Vladimir Putin , who sent forces to prop up Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad .
“ They see Assad as the enemy of Chechens because they are Putin 's friend . Russia has basically been fighting the Chechens for 400 years , and young Chechens who ca n't fight Putin directly saw the war in Syria as a way to get revenge . ”
Chechens were also influenced by radical preaching at small mosques and prayer houses , some of them secret , and by videos and recruiters online .
“ Mothers can notice a change in how their children behave , ” Kurbanova said .
“ They might stop sharing details about their life , become more closed , suddenly start using Islamist phrases and break off contact with former friends . We help them learn how to talk to these children , to win their trust and to not cause panic or put pressure on them , ” they added .
“ If that does n't work and their child has already been indoctrinated , we teach mothers how to influence them and who to approach for help . And we tell them to talk about it , to not be ashamed . ”
Melanie – who changed their name when they came to Austria from Grozny a decade ago – said Chechnya 's turmoil had uprooted its young people and made them susceptible to recruiters who offer them a sense of purpose , adventure and glory . “ They got this idea from the wars in Chechnya that they can become a hero somewhere , ” they said after receiving their certificate as a Mothers School graduate .
“ There are some very religious people in the Chechen community who will quickly go and help someone in need . The internet is overflowing with videos saying that women and children and the elderly [ in the Middle East ] need help . Young people believe they are going to save civilians and they get pulled into things that way . ”
Line of defence
Edit Schlaffer , a social scientist who founded Women Without Borders in 2002 , got the idea for this programme while discussing radicalisation in Tajikistan .
“ One of the women said : ‘ What I learned today is that we mothers need to go back to school . ' That was the moment when this concept started working in my head , ” Schlaffer recalled .
They set out to “ create a movement of those who are at the first line of defence . They are the mothers . And they often do n't have a voice in their societies , so how can they break through this stigma and isolation and disempowerment ? ”
Mother Schools were their response , and when significant numbers of people from Europe started joining Islamic State , they launched them in Belgium , Germany , Austria and England .
We are trying to build this bottom-up security idea , so that all of us understand – and mothers understand – that we are all part of a sustainable security pyramid
“ Some women come in and tell the mothers how their own sons were killed in the Middle East . It 's not just a technical thing about training – it 's a movement of mothers , ” Schlaffer said .
“ We are trying to build this bottom-up security idea , so that all of us understand – and mothers understand – that we are all part of a sustainable security pyramid . ”
With Islamic State in retreat in Iraq and Syria , Europe now faces the prospect of hundreds of jihadi fighters trying to return home .
“ I think it 's smart to bring in these mothers as security stakeholders . . . so we learn more about the mechanisms [ of recruitment ] and learn when kids might come back and what will happen to them , ” Schlaffer said .
“ In terms of rehabilitation , we need to strengthen the place these kids come back to . In the best-case scenario – after a prison term – that will be the family . So the family has to be prepared , ” they added .
“ Usually , mothers would support anything to have their children back . They say it 's better that their child is in prison , than dead . ”
- Above is new video of Mojo Rawley and 2018 WWE Hall of Famer Mark Henry hosting an anti-bullying rally with the Al-Oula non-profit organization in Jeddah , Saudi Arabia this week .
- WWE announced the following on winning two awards in the 2018 Webby Awards for WrestleMania 33 :
WrestleMania 33 receives 2018 Webby and People 's Voice Award for social events WWE was honored with the 2018 Webby Award and People 's Voice Webby Award in the Events category for its comprehensive WrestleMania 33 coverage . The People 's Voice Award is chosen by the voting public in each Webby Awards category.In the Social Events category , last year 's Showcase of the Immortals beat out MTV 's 2017 EMA coverage , the World Series presented by YouTube TV , the iHeartRadio Music Awards and Pokémon GO Travel 's Global Catch Challenge . WWE was also an Honoree in three other categories : WrestleMania 33 Kickoff in Film & Video : Events and Live streams ; WWE Now in Film & Video : Sports ; and WWE Social Media in Social : Entertainment . The Webby Awards are the Internet 's most respected symbol of success . Thank you , WWE Universe , for making your voices heard ! For the full list of winners , visit the official website of the Webby Awards .
- Below is backstage video of Big Cass at a weekend WWE live event in Chattanooga , Tennessee , where they defeated Tye Dillinger . Cass talks about how he 's going straight to the top of SmackDown and says it wo n't take them long to do it . Cass is expected to be on tonight 's SmackDown episode to continue the feud they began with Daniel Bryan last week .
The State 's reliance on a small number of multinational companies here for corporation tax poses a risk , the Department of Finance 's chief economist has warned .
John McCarthy said that , from a policy perspective , the concentration of corporate tax receipts in a relatively small number of sectors and firms “ is , as always , a concern ” .
Mr McCarthy was speaking at the Oireachtas Budgetary Oversight Committee meeting on Wednesday .
“ The dominance of the multinational sector in our national accounts has been well documented ; figures produced by the Revenue Commissioners show the dominance of large firms in corporate tax receipts also , ” said Mr McCarthy .
“ Last year , the top 10 payers accounted for 37 per cent of total corporate tax receipts . The department has consistently highlighted this concentration as a risk in recent years , ” they said .
One-off increase
They said in 2015 , corporation tax receipts rose by nearly €2.3 billion , an increase of 50 per cent but it appeared the increase was a one off .
“ Figures from the national accounts show an increase in the corporate tax base of a similar magnitude that year . Even after allowing for depreciation , net operating surplus rose by over 30 per cent in 2015 , ” they said .
“ One factor behind the large increase in receipts would appear to be the increased liability arising from the fact that losses accumulated during the crisis are now being exhausted .
“ On this basis , it would appear that the increase in corporate tax receipts was a one-off , step-change in the level of receipts , ” they said .
Mr McCarthy said corporation tax receipts rose last year “ by a more modest 7 per cent ” .
They said more research on the State 's reliance on corporate tax receipts is needed .
They said former minister for finance Michael Noonan had asked chairperson of the Irish Fiscal Advisory Council Seamus Coffey to undertake a review of the sustainability of receipts .
The report is due to be submitted to the new Minister for Finance , Paschal Donohoe , at the end of this month .
“ A key policy failure during the bubble period was to increase expenditure and reduce direct taxation on the basis of revenues that proved transitory , ” Mr McCarthy said . “ While it is probable that these corporation tax receipts are not in fact transitory , it is prudent to adopt a cautious approach .
“ In this regard , the role of the so-called expenditure benchmark is crucial in that it reduces the probability that windfall tax receipts are used to finance expenditure . ”
Mr McCarthy said it was crucial that “ the medium-term objective of a balanced budget in structural terms ” is achieved next year .
They said it was important to build up “ fiscal safety buffers ” as the economy improved , including a “ rainy-day fund ” .
“ Targeting a debt-to-GDP ratio of 45 per cent from the mid-part of the next decade is an important part of this . As is the so-called ‘ rainy day ' fund which is to be established from 2019 onwards , that is once the budget is balanced in structural terms , ” Mr McCarthy said .
They said these policy issues were under review and updates on them would appear in the summer economic statement .
Dirk Nowitzki sees a lot of improvement in the Mavericks lately , but they and their teammates are still waiting for the payoff in the form of victories . ( AP Photo/Hannah Foslien )
Propping them up : There are times when a team deserves to be bashed . And there are other times when , in spite of the results , they know they are making headway . This is one of those times . The Mavericks went 0-3 on their trip through the snow belt ( where they did not see one single flurry fall , despite some of the major storms that peppered the north and east over the weekend ) . The Mavericks are doing so many things better now than they were doing them a month ago that it 's clear that they are making progress . But it would be nice if they got a payoff now and then . `` I like the way we competed , '' Dirk Nowitzki said . `` We 're going to keep plugging . There 's a lot of season left and I promise you this : we 're going to be in this position more times than not again and hopefully sooner than later , we 'll pull some out . ''
Going bigger : The Mavericks played a bigger lineup at times when they had Maxi Kleber on the floor with Nowitzki and Harrison Barnes or Dwight Powell . Like most teams , they still went small at critical times with three guards on the floor . But they did a good job of mixing up the lineups . Kleber continues to impress . They played a season-high 34 minutes and tied their season best with 16 points . Another rookie who has been seeing more action lately is Antonius Cleveland , who is with the team on a two-way contract . They played 18 minutes and had two blocks and three steals . But as coach Rick Carlisle said , they tempered their enthusiasm because the Mavericks were outscored by 11 points in the 18 minutes the swingman played .
Defense steps up : For the second time on the three-game trip , the Mavericks held the opponent under 100 points . There problem has been the offensive end , where they shot just 40 percent in the fourth quarter . They also got to the line just nine times , compared to 23 free throws that the Wolves shot .
Tough finish : Harrison Barnes had nine points in the third quarter to keep the Mavericks afloat . However , they missed both their shots and did not score in six fourth-quarter minutes .
Up next : The Mavericks will host San Antonio on Tuesday at American Airlines Center in what is expected to be Kawhi Leonard 's first game of the season for the Spurs . He 's been out with a quad injury . The Mavericks also will see the Spurs again on Saturday in San Antonio , their fourth and final meeting of the season with them . In between , they travel to Golden State Thursday .
These are the biggest buzz tracks of the week in the South East… .
10 One Bit ft. Noah Cyrus – My Way
9 Ramz – Barking
8 Kendrick Lamar ft. SZA – All The Stars
7 Jax Jones – Breathe
﻿
6 Tom Walker – Leave A Light On
5 Camila Cabello – Never Be The Same
4 Dua Lipa – IDGAF
3 Sigrid – Strangers
2 Chasing Abbey – Talk To Me
1 Rudimental ft. Macklemore , Jess Glynne & Dan Caplen – These Days
Our Classic No.1 was top of the charts in Ireland on this day in 2003 !
Share it :
Do n't Miss
To mark the arrival of Kimpton® De Witt in Amsterdam – Kimpton 's first hotel in Europe and outside the Americas – the in-hotel florist together with team members have taken to the streets to ‘ vandalise ' bikes with beautiful flower arrangements .
Within hours , hundreds of bikes across Dam Square , Centraal Station and Museumplein , to name a few areas , will be carefully decorated with striking floral designs , bringing a touch of Kimpton 's fun and playful personality to the streets of Amsterdam . Nature and botanicals are key themes for Kimpton De Witt , from the living wall at the entrance and a local Dutch florist ‘ Frank ' on site to the indoor courtyard , bird-shaped bedside lights and Pols Potten porcelain gold-dipped parrot statues .
Along with flowers , the Kimpton De Witt team will place printed notes by Amsterdam-based illustrator Hyshil Sander on each bicycle that encourage people to post a picture to Instagram along with # dewittamsterdam . Anyone who posts with the hashtag has a chance to receive a personalised gift . As Kimpton is committed to delivering ridiculously personalised experiences , the team will match gifts according to personal preferences . Special treats include an invite to pop in for a free coffee and order of sugar-dusted beignets at Miss Louisa Coffee & Beignets , a cocktail on the house at House Bar or even a free night 's stay .
General Manager Mike Robinson says : “ We want to surprise our local Amsterdam community with an unexpected ‘ Kimpton moment ' that puts a smile on their faces and encourages them to pop in and check out their new neighbour . ”
Kimpton De Witt opened on 22 May . Set within two original buildings from the Dutch Golden Age in the Palace Quarter neighbourhood , steps away from Amsterdam 's Centraal Station , Kimpton De Witt has 274 guest rooms , including 9 signature suites — many of which have private terraces with a bird's-eye view of the city . The hotel features Kimpton 's much-loved unique and personal touches with a local slant : guests can pedal away and explore the city on complimentary VanMoof bikes ; share an evening drink with the team at the nightly hosted ‘ Social Hour ' ; and feel pampered with luxurious in-room toiletries from Amsterdam-based natural skin care brand Marie-Stella-Maris ( also available to purchase in the hotel 's pop-up shop ) .
For those who do n't receive blooms and are curious to find out more about the hotel or the newest restaurants and bars in Amsterdam , follow Kimpton De Witt on Instagram , like on Facebook or stop by for a coffee , cocktail or dinner . Learn more at www.kimptondewitthotel.com .
In 2015 , Kimpton Hotels & Restaurants was welcomed into the IHG family . Kimpton De Witt is the first Kimpton hotel to open in Europe and the first outside the Americas , with a second hotel scheduled to open in Paris in 2020 . There are currently over 60 Kimpton hotels and more than 70 restaurants across Europe and the Americas . This is IHG 's 20th hotel in The Netherlands and an exciting addition to the 675 IHG hotels across Europe .
by
Editor 's Note : The Chestertown Spy , in partnership with the Garfield Center for the Arts , will be honoring Kent County resident veterans over the next few weeks as part of the Garfield 's production of the classic WWII era production of Mister Roberts . The full Stories in Service series will be on display in the Kohl Lobby at the Garfield Center for the Arts during the three weekend run of the play .
WWE Hall of Famer Bill Goldberg appeared on CBS Sports ' In This Corner Podcast this week . Below are a couple of highlights :
If WWE and fans should forgive Hulk Hogan :
`` Oh , that 's not for me to judge . I think everybody deserves a second chance . I think you put [ Hogan ] in the locker room and give them the floor and let them speak their mind . That 's what they deserve . Who knows what happens from there but it 's not for me to say by any means . I can just give you my opinion and say that they deserve the floor and who knows where it goes from there . ''
See Also Goldberg Talks To Wrestling Inc. About How They Felt After Brock Lesnar WrestleMania 33 Match
Their friendship with Steve Austin :
`` I 've said it before and I 'll say it again : I never copied a damn thing from Steve Austin . But I did see how a character can be so grandiose , so all-encompassing and so successful that I took cues from their rise to better help me in my preparation for my hopeful rise . In the speech , I gave credit to a number of people who landed one thing or another to the formation of Goldberg as a character . Whether it was just the look from the Road Warriors or sticking the tongue out from Hawk , there were a lot of people that had a lot to do with my success . But it does n't mean that I copied them in any way , shape or form .
`` I watched [ Austin ] from afar and took notes on what to do and what not to do , and they were a very positive influence in my career watching from afar . It was n't a hands-on approach , but then when I did get to WWE and they and I hooked up , it was nothing but respect . I greatly appreciated that coming from them -- such a successful character and such a good person deep down inside . I appreciated that to the utmost degree . Since we became friends years and years ago , there is no question I keep in contact with them more so than anyone else in the business and there is a reason for that . ''
You can listen to the full podcast in the player below :
damien demento contributed to this article .
Jhanvi Kapoor & Ishaan Khattar On India 's Best Dramebaaz
On India 's Best Dramebaaz , Jhanvi looked pretty in light pink-white colour top and skirt , while their Dhadak co-star , Ishaan also complimented them in a ( dark ) pink shirt and black pant .
Vivek Shares A Picture
Sharing a picture , Vivek Oberoi wrote , `` Beautiful chemistry with that adorable innocence ! You guys look great together ! @ ishaan95 you 're spontaneity is awesome .... instantly lovable ! Killer abs pretty impressive too ! Lol ! @ janhvikapoor you 're absolutely lovely ... with that million dollar smile ! God bless you both with great success for # Dhadak ! # indiasbestdramebaaz # dramebaazdiaries @ zeetv @ omungkumar @ iamhumaq . '' - ( sic )
Huma Qureshi
Huma Qureshi too , shared the same picture and wrote , `` Look who dropped in on our set today ... The # Dhadak Duo @ janhvikapoor @ ishaan95 ❤❤❤ # IBD Season 3 just got cuter ! ! ! @ omungkumar @ vivekoberoi . '' - ( sic )
Omung Kumar With Jhanvi Kapoor
Omung Kumar shared a picture snapped with Jhanvi and wrote , `` All the best @ janhvikapoor on your debut film # dhadak we know you will shine in the film : ) had a great time with you on our show # indiasbestdramebaaz @ zeetv . '' - ( sic )
Vivek Shares An Adorable Picture Of Jhanvi
Vivek also shared an adorable picture of Jhanvi holding a puppy , and wrote , `` True love ! Hahaha ! @ janhvikapoor it was such a treat to have you on our show , from that little kid when I first saw you to now .... what a wonderful young lady you 've become ! God bless you with great success ! All the best for # dhadak ! Hope that puppy makes u smile always ! # indiasbestdramebaaz . '' - ( sic )
Carbon-ceramic brake discs ( http : //www.rebrake.de/category/news-en/ ? lang=en ) are the result of a highly complex production process that can take 20 days until the product is finally ready . All steps of the production process are monitored and documented to ensure the high standards of the car industry are observed up to the final inspection . The first step forms the green body of the ceramic brake disc ring . The successive high temperature production steps first product carbonisation , and then siliconization in a a high vacuum . The complex production process comes at a price . It ” s no wonder that ceramic brakes ( http : //www.rebrake.de/cost-effective-restoration-of-worn-ceramic-brake-discs/ ? lang=en ) are not only highly effective , but also very expensive . Sports car owners often have to pay at least 12,000 Euros for their brake systems if they choose the ceramic variant .
Ceramic brake discs are the result of a complex production process
The advantages of ceramic breaks are compelling and far surpass normal brakes with grey cast iron brake discs :
– quick response even in wet and extreme conditions ,
– corrosion-resistant ,
– low weight ,
– heat-resistant ,
– long-lasting .
If the garage found wear on the ceramic brake discs , there would be a nasty surprise . Under heavy loads , grooves and severe abrasion can occur . Replacing a worn disc with a new one could easily cost 5000 Euros or more . But now there is another solution . The REBRAKE restoration service has made FOXX Automotive an international sensation that has given ceramic brakes a further boost .
The REBRAKE restoration service has made FOXX Automotive a sensation throughout the world .
The benefits offered by ceramic brake systems have long been enjoyed by not only racing drivers and owners of super sports cars or high horsepower top range limousines . Ceramic brake discs are gradually becoming part of the mid-range too . Experts say that ceramic brakes will continue to gain ground . The advantages are clear . And finally of course because prematurely worn ceramic brake discs can now be effectively , quickly and cost-effectively restored .
In this Feb. 21 , 2018 photo , Venezuelans cross the International Simon Bolivar bridge into the Colombia . As Venezuela 's economic crisis worsens , rising numbers are fleeing in a burgeoning refugee crisis that could soon match the flight of Syrians from the war-torn Middle East . Fernando Vergara AP
Access Bank , Development Bank Join Okpekpe Race Train – Complete Sports Nigeria
Complete Sports Nigeria Access Bank , Development Bank Join Okpekpe Race Train
Complete Sports Nigeria
Two of Nigeria 's leading financial institutions , Access Bank and Development Bank , are the latest socially responsible corporate bodies to throw their financial weight behind next month 's IAAF silver label Okpekpe international 10km road race which …
and more »
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Sports - Google News . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
FILE - In this Jan. 8 , 2017 , file photo , Harvey Weinstein arrives at The Weinstein Company and Netflix Golden Globes afterparty in Beverly Hills , Calif. New York 's governor on Monday , March 19 , 2018 , directed the state 's attorney general to review the 2015 decision by the Manhattan district attorney 's office to not prosecute a sex abuse case against Weinstein . Photo by Chris Pizzello
Aberdeen outfit Attollo Offshore has signed multiple contracts in the second quarter of the year to provide accommodation jack-up vessels for unnamed renewables and oil and gas projects .
The multi-million pound deals will see propelled and non-propelled accommodation jack-up rigs supplied to operators until the end of 2018 , Attollo said .
Attollo managing director Ben Moore said : “ These contracts see Attollo Offshore operating across sectors , asset classes and jurisdictions . They truly represent an important milestone in our mission to fundamentally move the needle in improving offshore marine operations .
“ A stable platform that eliminates personnel transfers improves any project 's risk profile , safety performance , operational output and project costs . ”
Image : reNEWS
Let us entertain you ! We use cookies to ensure we can continue to deliver a personalised service , just for you . This is why we and our trusted Commerce Partners use 'cookies ' to remember and store information about how you use our site .
If you would like to find out more , please read our updated Cookies Policy . You can also find more information in our updated Privacy Policy .
SEOUL : The half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un , who has been murdered in Malaysia , pleaded for their life after a failed assassination bid in 2012 , lawmakers briefed by South Korea 's spy chief said Wednesday .
Kim Jong-Nam died after reportedly being attacked by two women believed to be North Korean agents at Kuala Lumpur International Airport on Monday .
Jong-Nam , the eldest son of the late former leader Kim Jong-Il , was once seen as heir apparent but fell out of favor following an embarrassing botched bid in 2001 to enter Japan on a forged passport and visit Disneyland .
They had since lived in virtual exile , mainly in the Chinese territory of Macau , while Jong-Un took over the isolated and nuclear-armed state after the death of their father in December 2011 .
The North in 2012 tried to assassinate Jong-Nam—known to be a supporter of reform in Pyongyang—Seoul lawmakers said , following a closed-door briefing by the chief of the National Intelligence Service , Lee Byung-Ho .
“ According to ( Lee ) … there was one bid in 2012 , and Jong-Nam in April 2012 sent a letter to Jong-Un saying ‘ Please spare me and my family ' , ” Kim Byung-Kee , a member of the parliamentary intelligence committee , told reporters .
“ It also said ‘ We have nowhere to go… we know that the only way to escape is suicide ' , ” they said , adding Jong-Nam had little political support in the North and posed little threat to Jong-Un .
The assassination , if confirmed to have been the North 's work , is more an indication of Jong-Un 's “ paranoid personality ” than a calculated move to remove a political threat , the legislator quoted the spy chief as saying .
Jong-Nam was the eldest son of Kim Jong-Il with their first wife , and in the deeply patriarchal North the first son is seen as the official heir of the family . The country 's founding father Kim Il-Sung passed on the helm to their first son , Kim Jong-Il , on their death in 1994 .
But the succession instead went to Jong-Un , who was born to Jong-Il 's third wife—a potential taint in their legitimacy as leader .
Jong-Nam 's family—his former and current wives and three children — are currently living in Beijing and Macau , said another intelligence committee member , Lee Cheol-Woo .
“ They are under the protection of the Chinese authorities , ” they said , adding Jong-Nam had entered Malaysia on February 6 , a week before their death .
Jong-Nam 's murder was the highest-profile death under Kim Jong-Un 's regime since the execution of the leader 's uncle Jang Song-Thaek for treason in December 2013 .
Jang , known to be close to China and an advocate of economic reform , played a key role in Jong-Un 's rise to power but their power was believed to have irritated the young ruler .
Jong-Nam—believed to have ties with Beijing 's elite—was a relatively outspoken figure , publicly criticizing Pyongyang 's political system on a few occasions .
The 45-year-old said they “ personally opposed ” the hereditary power transfer in their own family , during an interview with Japan 's Asahi TV in 2010 .
One of their sons—Han-Sol—also described their uncle Jong-Un as a “ dictator ” in a rare interview with a Finnish TV station in 2012 while they were studying in Europe .
Jong-Nam is the latest member of the elite to have been murdered or faced such a threat , after falling out of favour with the regime that has ruled the country with an iron fist and pervasive personality cult since its founding in 1948 .
Yi Han-Yong , a nephew of Jong-Nam 's mother Sung Hye-Rim , was one of them . Yi publicly criticised the ruling Kim family in their memoir and numerous media interviews after defecting to Seoul in 1982 .
But they were fatally shot outside their home in 1997 in what Seoul 's spy agency described as an assassination by North Korean agents . Yi reportedly muttered “ spies ” before dying . Their attackers were never found .
In 2010 two North Koreans posing as defectors were arrested for a failed bid to kill Hwang Jang-Yop , the North 's former top idealogue who defected to the South in 1997 .
Hwang died of a heart attack at their home months later . AFP
AFP/CC
PDP to Buhari : Your ‘ change ' policies must change in 2017
The national caretaker committee of the Peoples Democratic Party ( PDP ) has advised President Muhammadu Buhari to change their economic policies in 2017 .
PDP said only a change in the acclaimed “ change policies ” could take the country out of economic recession .
National publicity secretary for the caretaker committee headed by Senator Ahmed Makarfi , Prince Dayo Adeyeye , stated this in a statement in Abuja on Sunday .
Adeyeye said that the Progressives Congress-led Federal Government must scout for competent economic experts to fix the economy .
They said , “ We advise the APC-led administration in this year ( 2017 ) to urgently employ the services of economic experts to put in place viable policies that will revamp our ailing economy .
“ We are presently in recession because of significant decline in government business in both internal and external spheres .
“ The Federal Government should increase money supply , cause rise in disposable income ( spending ) and decrease mindless taxation which have led to high inflation and multiple prices in money market . ”
PHILADELPHIA — The Philadelphia 76ers have started an investigation into tweets linked in a report to team president Bryan Colangelo that criticized Sixers players Joel Embiid and Markelle Fultz , among other NBA figures .
The burner accounts also took aim at former Sixers general manager Sam Hinkie , Toronto Raptors executive Masai Ujiri and former Sixers players Jahlil Okafor and Nerlens Noel , according to a report by The Ringer website .
`` The allegations are serious and we have commenced an independent investigation into the matter , '' the Sixers said Wednesday in a statement . `` We will report the results of that investigation as soon as it is concluded . ''
The website asked the team about five Twitter accounts it suspected Colangelo was operating . They said in a statement that they used one of the accounts to monitor the NBA industry and other current events , but that they were `` not familiar with any of the other accounts '' brought to their attention and that they did n't know who was `` behind them or what their motives may be in using them . ''
Embiid , the 24-year-old All-Star centre , tweeted that they did n't believe the report .
`` I do n't believe the story . That would just be insane , '' they wrote .
Colangelo was hired as president of basketball operations for Philadelphia in April 2016 . They served as Toronto 's general manager from 2006-2013 .
Colangelo , the son of longtime sports executive Jerry Colangelo , stepped in with the Sixers after Hinkie resigned . They lost their GM job in Toronto after the Raptors missed the playoffs for the fifth consecutive season , and Ujiri took over basketball operations .
According to The Ringer , one of the Twitter accounts it connected to Colangelo downplayed Hinkie 's role in the franchise 's turnaround . It also lamented in another post that Ujiri had n't done anything to make the Raptors better .
Another account accused Embiid of `` playing like a toddler having tantrums , '' and one criticized Fultz for their work with their `` so-called mentor/father figure . ''
The only blot on the horizon for the Jessica Harrington-Robbie Power team is the season finishes next week following Our Duke 's superb Boylesports Irish Grand National success at Fairyhouse on Easter Monday .
Within a month of Sizing John landing the Cheltenham Gold Cup , racing 's hottest combination confirmed they have another prime ‘ Blue-Riband ' contender in Our Duke who landed Ireland 's richest ever jumps race in style .
It might have been a handicap but fittingly the mammoth €270,000 first-prize went to the best horse as the 9-2 favourite routed 27 opponents on just their fourth start over fences .
At the line Our Duke had 14 lengths in hand of Bless The Wings who finished runner-up for the second year running . Abolitionist was third with the 2015 winner Thunder And Roses back in fourth .
It continued the purple patch enjoyed by both Harrington and Power since Cheltenham and their momentum going into next week bodes well for Sizing John who is set to return to action in the Punchestown Gold Cup .
Our Duke earned immediate 10-1 quotes for the 2018 Cheltenham Gold Cup but now armed with two prime candidates it is only 7-2 that Harrington will again land steeplechasing 's greatest prize next year .
Despite almost being unable to stop saddling winners recently – they had their first hat-trick of winners on a flat card at Cork on Saturday – Harrington seemed overwhelmed by their first ever Irish National success .
“ He 's only a novice but they jumped so well , up there all the way , and Robert rode them with such confidence , ” they said . “ At the fourth last I saw the pack closing but they changed gear again . I had been worried about the ground but they absolutely loved it . ”
That Power rode with confidence was n't surprising . Armed with a new job as No 1 to Sizing John 's owners , and with a superb Aintree festival under their belt , the 35-year-old jockey had Our Duke towards the front of the massive field throughout and always looked in control .
Local racecourse
“ He was a Grade One horse in a handicap and full credit to Jessie , this has been the plan since Christmas , ” said Power who is originally from near Trim .
“ This is my local racecourse so this means so much . ”
For a second year running Bless The Wings had to settle for second and while Gordon Elliott was frustrated at missing out again , they did have the consolation of securing a potentially vital prizemoney edge over Willie Mullins in the race for the trainers ' championship .
As well as the runner-up , Elliott had the fifth and sixth , General Principle and Noble Endeavor , in front of the Mullins hope Haymount . It meant the season 's leading trainer emerged from the National over €120,000 better off than their rival .
Some bookmakers now make Elliott a 1-6 favourite to be crowned champion for the first time next week .
In the much longer term the sky looks the limit for Our Duke who made some slight errors early in the race but for a novice was impressively sure-footed . Their performance left Power hugely impressed .
“ He made a few novicey little mistakes but full credit to everyone . Jessie has done some job to train this horse on only their fourth start over fences . Once they got plenty of light we were going to be happy and they travelled so well . They are just a very good horse , ” they said .
Harrington indicated Our Duke and Sizing John will be kept apart next season before a potentially mouth-watering Gold Cup clash .
“ We 've all got to get there first but that 's why they did n't go to Cheltenham this year . We decided to wait to go to the Gold Cup next year , ” they said . “ He 's the same age as Sizing John – they 're both seven – so it 's fantastic . ”
It was a much less happy National for Barry Geraghty who has a suspected broken arm after a fall from Minella Foru early in the race .
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
Photon Communications , a supplier of electrical and telecommunications equipment , material , supplies , and tooling , has launched a line of Personal Protective Equipment ( PPE ) from Cementex .
New products and new brands continue to appear on the online catalog of Photon Communications & Electrical Supply Company . The firm has now partnered with the leading manufacturer of electrical safety products Cementex to become the authorized distributor of its brand of Personal Protective Equipment ( PPE ) . The new line of products is now included in the updated catalog on the company 's online electrical shop under the “ Personal Protective Equipment ( PPE ) ” category . Photon Communications operates a fully stocked online store for electrical and data-com products on its website . The company 's website was relaunched a few months ago after undergoing full refurbishment to enhance user experience and optimize service delivery and product supply .
Photon Communications & Electrical Supply Co. has expanded its product catalog with arc flash protection products from one of the leading electrical brands Cementex . Featured as one of the 20+ product categories on the company 's online catalog , the new product line is listed as Personal Protective Equipment ( PPE ) . PPE has two main subcategories : Clothing and Headwear . The Clothing subcategory is further split into Gloves & Kits and
Protective Clothing , while the Headwear section is divided into Face Shield , Hard Hats , Hoods , and Hoods w/ Ventilation . The Personal Protective Equipment ( PPE ) webpage features a table showing NFPA 70E Hazard/Risk Categories ( HRC ) with ratings for “ Hazard Risk Category , ” a “ Cloth Description ” column , and a “ Required Minimum : Arc Rating of PPE cal/cm2 ” column . According to company 's website , these high voltage protection items include various clothing and tooling options that are not only needed but are required to meet certain specifications/standards while working in a high voltage environment .
About Us
Photon Communications & Electrical Supply , Co. is a leading distributor of electrical supplies & material to the electrical & communications industry . With over 90 years of experience in the electrical/communication 's fields , the company assists all its customers in maintaining their edge by providing outstanding customer service and top quality products at a fair market price . Headquartered in West Grove , Pennsylvania since it was opened on 17 February 2000 by the current President/CEO Emma Raner , Photon Communications is built on the principles and values of honesty/integrity , respect , excellence , open communication , teamwork , strong customer relationships , individual responsibility , and teamwork . Company reviews can be seen at https : //www.google.com/maps/place/Photon+Communications+Inc/ @ 39.8259619 , -75.878919,15z/data= ! 4m5 ! 3m4 ! 1s0x0:0x95c9b09c00d80764 ! 8m2 ! 3d39.8259619 ! 4d-75.878919
Contact :
Emma Raner
Company : Photon Communications & Electrical Supply Co .
Address : 27 Commerce Boulevard # 1 , West Grove , PA 19390
Phone : ( 855 ) 878-1919
Email : sales @ e-photon.com
Website : https : //www.e-photon.com/
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham 's Commonwealth Games hopes have been thrown into jeopardy after the city 's bid for the 2022 event was labelled 'not fully compliant ' .
Brum was the only city to submit a bid before the original deadline of September 30 , and a win looked like a done deal .
But the Commonwealth Games Federation announced today that it has now extended the deadline to November 30 to “ enable fully compliant proposals .
The bombshell news throws a huge question mark over the city 's hopes of landing the Games , despite some praise from Louise Martin , Commonwealth Games Federation President .
They said : “ I must congratulate the Birmingham bid team for the work that has been undertaken in preparing a comprehensive proposal for 2022 .
“ We have carefully reviewed the bids and updates received as part of the ongoing 2022 Candidate City Process and have agreed - noting the challenging time-scales and no fully compliant bid - that further time should be given to all interested parties to enable the submission of fully compliant proposals . ”
Paul Blanchard , Chief executive of Commonwealth Games England , said that there had been a ‘ huge effort ' to put a bid together in such a short time .
They told the BBC : `` We 've always said that even though Birmingham was the only city to submit a bid there would still be a few hurdles to clear before a decision was made on formally awarding the Games . ”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Mr Blanchard added the team will , as planned , “ will be working with the Commonwealth Games Federation closely over the coming weeks to demonstrate that Birmingham would stage a world class Commonwealth Games in 2022 ” .
Potential bids from Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia and Victoria in Canada had run out of steam in recent weeks through the failure to secure funding .
In contrast Birmingham 's bid won the backing of the Government which agreed to cover 75 per cent of the total funding - estimated to be between £600 million and £750 million .
A spokesperson from Birmingham 2022 said : “ Birmingham worked closely with the DCMS to present a compelling and low risk bid for the city to host the 2022 Commonwealth Games .
“ This was delivered within a very tight , but pre-agreed time frame because of the proximity of the 2022 Games and this was communicated to all interested parties .
“ We expected a period of discussion and negotiation with the CGF following submission and we await further clarification from the CGF about the next steps . ”
PYONGYANG , North Korea ( AP ) `` Dennis Rodman 's visit to North Korea has been uncharacteristically low-key so far . On the agenda ? Bowling and a visit to the zoo .
There is no clear sign that the former NBA bad boy will meet leader Kim Jong-un , as they did on previous visits to the isolated country . Such a meeting , though , typically would n't be announced in advance .
Rodman watched a women 's basketball team practice at a gym Wednesday and visited the birthplace of North Korean founder Kim Il Sung , the grandfather of the current leader . They refused to answer questions about their trip , saying only , `` A little hot , baby , it 's a little hot . But it 's cool , it 's cool . ''
What , if anything , substantive Rodman is doing in North Korea remains unclear . They have said they are just going to have a good time but has also hinted they are `` trying to open a door '' for better relations between Washington and Pyongyang .
Advertisement
They are scheduled to meet the sports minister , visit a newly built high-tech science complex and the Pyongyang Zoo , and go bowling before they leaf Saturday .
Their four past trips in 2013 and 2014 generated a storm of publicity , most of it unfavorable , and did little in terms of diplomacy . Critics of engagement with North Korea say Rodman 's visits legitimize the country 's ruling regime .
In 2014 , Rodman arranged a basketball game with other former NBA players and North Koreans and regaled leader Kim with a rendition of `` Happy Birthday . '' On the same trip , they suggested an American missionary was at fault for their own imprisonment in North Korea , remarks for which they later apologized .
Americans are regarded as enemies in North Korea because the two countries never signed a peace treaty at the end of the 1950-53 Korean War . Thousands of U.S. troops are based in South Korea , and the Demilitarized Zone between the North and South is one of the most heavily fortified borders in the world .
U.S and North Korean officials say Rodman had nothing to do with the release of American student Otto Warmbier , who had been serving a 15-year sentence in a North Korean prison for alleged anti-state acts . A plane carrying Warmbier arrived late Tuesday at an airport in Cincinnati .
Three other Americans remain imprisoned in North Korea .
06/14/17 – 5:44 P.M.Century Health is losing executive director Tina Pine later this month . Fund development director Gary Bright said that they have someone ready to take care of things for the time being .
Gary Bright
Pine 's last day is June 30th . They will be the new Director of Social Services at the Good Shepherd Home in Fostoria . They had served at Century health for 23 years .
The ophthalmology field requires medical devices for several functions such as diagnosis , vision care , and surgery . The development of innovative devices and increasing application of technology in ophthalmology has paved way for consumers to have practical and economical solutions for various eye-related disorders such as vitreoretinal disorders , refractor disorders , and cataract . The most significant share of the global ophthalmic devices market is contributed by vision care devices . These devices include contact lens , spectacles , and lens cleaning and disinfecting solutions for eyewear as well as for surgical devices .
Obtain the Report Brochure @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=283
Several factors such as a rising geriatric population and increased focus on healthcare are driving the global market for ophthalmic devices , which was valued at US $ 12.92 bn in 2011 and is estimated to expand at a healthy CAGR of 5.10 % to reach a global valuation of US $ 18.28 bn by 2018 .
One of the primary factors for the upward trend in the ophthalmic devices market is the rising geriatric population . It is observed that the aged are more prone to developing eye-related disorders , such as glaucoma and dry eye , and are the target customers of ophthalmic device manufacturers . Moreover , several emerging economies in Asia Pacific are increasingly investing on healthcare infrastructure and promoting awareness about these common disorders which in turn is aiding the regional market for ophthalmic devices . The market growth is also boosted by continuous advancements in the field of medical technology to develop novel products that are more efficient and accurate .
One of the primary restraints in the growth of the global market for ophthalmic devices is high cost of some devices , particularly those that are exported . Additionally , the lack of skilled professionals , especially in the rural regions of emerging economies , is another prime concern for manufacturers .
Request for Discount @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=D & rep_id=283
Among North American countries in 2011 , the U.S. held the largest share in the market for ophthalmic devices across all segments , followed by the U.K. which lead the European region . These two western country markets are experiencing rigorous competition due to mushrooming local device manufacturers while prominent players with higher market penetration levels are focusing more on devices with diagnosis and surgery applications . The report provides the geographic analysis of all major countries including U.S , Canada , UK , Italy , Spain , Germany , France , Japan , China , India , Brazil , and Mexico .
Emerging economies such as China , India , Japan , Brazil , and Mexico are estimated to experience a higher growth rate than the global rate in the market for ophthalmic devices during the forecast period . This shift is a result of investments by many prominent manufacturers in these emerging markets to gain early momentum .
The global market for ophthalmic has also been analyzed on various parameters such as application , disorder , and device type . On basis of application : diagnosis , surgery , and vision care devices ; on the basis of disorder : cataract , glaucoma , refractor disorders , vitreo retinal disorders , and vision care . There are a variety of devices available in the market , including high-end to low-end devices such as phoropters , refractors , contact lenses , lens cleaning and disinfecting solutions , spectacles , scanning laser polarimetry devices , retinscopes , and ophthalmoscopes .
Request for Report TOC @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=T & rep_id=283
Some of the most prominent players who are driving growth in the ophthalmic devices market include : Essilor International , Johnson & Johnson Vision Care Inc. , CIBA Vision Corporation , Solotica Lentes de Contato , Alcon Inc. , Bausch & Lomb Incorporated , Abbott Medical Optics Inc. , Cooper Vision Inc. , Carl Zeiss AG , and Hoya Corporation .
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company , providing global business information reports and services . Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers . Our experienced team of Analysts , Researchers , and Consultants , use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather , and analyze information .
Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts , so that it always reflects the latest trends and information . With a broad research and analysis capability , Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports .
Contact Us
Transparency Market Research ,
90 Sate Street , Suite 700 ,
Albany , NY 12207
Tel : +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free : 866-552-3453
Email : sales @ transparencymarketresearch.com
Website : https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
Air-quality studies found mold , water damage and inadequate heating and cooling systems in the school 's portables
The Santa Barbara Unified School District Board of Trustees approved a $ 29,942 contract on Tuesday to modify one of Washington Elementary School 's classrooms and install a replacement heating ventilation air conditioning unit .
The district has spent tens of thousands of dollars in the aftermath of Washington 's air quality studies that found mold , water damage and inadequate heating and cooling systems in the portable classrooms .
Measure R , the voter-passed general bond passed in November for elementary schools , is the funding source for the Pacific Acoustics North Inc. contract to install the new HVAC unit and the design contract for the HVAC units with Robert Robles Architecture Inc .
The new HVAC unit itself is estimated to cost $ 12,000 to $ 14,000 .
The study also prompted a deep cleaning for Washington 's portables , at a cost of $ 8,500 per classroom , and emergency mold removal at Adelante Charter School 's portable classrooms .
After replacing exterior siding on the Adelante classrooms , staff members found visible mold on four of them , which prompted the cleanup .
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
Bob Fisher
AMES — Iowa State University has sold the plane that led to a bumpy ride for former school president Steven Leath . Information posted online by the Ames school shows the single-engine plane was sold to Midwest Aviation Equipment in Cedar Rapids for 450-thousand dollars .
The plane became the focus of many questions after it was revealed the plane was damaged in a hard landing in Illinois while being flown by Leath . The Board of Regents asked for a review of Leath 's use of the plane and a report released in December said Leath 's use of university aircraft had at least a few instances where it fell into the gray area , though most were entirely business related . Leath reimbursed the school for the trips they took and apologized and the board took no action against him .
Leath announced in March they were leaving I-S-U to become the president of Auburn . The school had purchased the plane in 2014 for 470-thousand dollars . Appraisals released by the school ranged from 432-thousand to 500-thousand dollars .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- A group of metro women are supporting each other in the fight against cancer . Crossfit Memorial Hill , on Jefferson Street near downtown KC , is offering a class for cancer survivors and people fighting the disease . The program is supposed to help with fatigue , chemo-brain , weight gain and muscle loss and much more .
The group meets every Tuesday and Thursday afternoon .
“ We think of cancer as sickness and cancer is weakness but really our cancer survivors are really strong mentally and emotionally , they are just physically beat up. ” said Sami Mansfield , an Oncology Exercise Specialist who teaches the class . They came up with the idea to start the class last September .
“ There 's nothing more powerful than the person standing next to you knowing what it 's like to hear ‘ you have cancer , ' they said .
FOX 4 interviewed Denise Johnson , who was first diagnosed with pancreatic cancer six years ago . They said the normal lifespan for somebody diagnosed is two to six months . They said they were one of the lucky 20 percent of people who got to go into surgery .
Johnson said they have remained cancer free for years but last September had a re-occurrence . They said that 's when they found themselves in this crossfit class .
“ When you are going through cancer , somebody who has n't been there does n't understand , ” they told FOX 4 .
They said they were exhausted from seven days in a row of chemo every other week and needed to find something to get their energy back . Johnson said they started using small two pound weights and is now able to lift 10-pound weights .
“ When you physically feel better , you can emotionally feel better , ” they said .
Jane McGrade , who was diagnosed with breast cancer two years ago , said the class makes them feel whole again .
“ I used to wonder if there would be any days I would n't think about cancer at least several times a day , ” they said .
They said the class helped them let go of cancer as a fixation .
The class is also open to men , not just women . The next session begins the week of September 12th . You can visit the gym 's website for more information .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Luke Shaw could be set to complain to the Manchester United hierarchy about their treatment at the hands of Jose Mourinho .
James Nursey at the Mirror writes that the left-back feels they are being treated unfairly by their manager and could seek crunch talks with Old Trafford chief Ed Woodward .
Shaw was criticised by Mourinho during the FA cup quarter-final win over Brighton , their manager stated that Shaw failed to follow their instructions .
That led to the England international being substituted at half-time .
The Mirror claims that Shaw has been so upset by recent developments they are determined to quit this summer and will reject fresh terms , sources claim .
The spat will also alert Arsenal and Chelsea , who are both likely to be in the market for a left-back come the summer — Nacho Monreal turned 32 last month and will have just one year left on their Gunners contract this close-season , while Chelsea 's Marcos Alonso has stated their ambition to return to their native Spain one day .
Benfica ace
Andrija Zivkovic is attracting interest from both Arsenal and Manchester United , report the Mirror .
The Benfica ace is hot property and scouts from both English clubs have watched the 21-year-old this term .
Arsene Wenger was reportedly keen to sign the player before they joined the Portuguese giants from Partisan Belgrade .
And having missed out on them in 2016 , the Frenchman is determined to land their man this time .
Portuguese newspaper O Jogo report than an Arsenal delegation watched Zivkovic during Benfica 's 2-0 win over Feirense this weekend .
Manchester United have also sent scouts to watch the player and the two Premier League giants could go head to head for their signature at the end of the season .
Cech 's thoughts
Petr Cech has explained the difference between the selection policies at Chelsea and Arsenal .
The goalkeeper said they 'enjoyed ' playing for Chelsea - and how team selection was decided on a 'game by game ' basis .
Cech compared that to the current situation at Arsenal , where David Ospina has emerged as the club 's preferred goalkeeper over Cech in cup competitions .
The 35-year-old , appearing as a guest on BBC 's Match of the Day coverage of Chelsea 's FA Cup quarter final win at Leicester , said : `` At Chelsea we never decided which competition you play , it was a game by game process .
`` If you kept playing well then you were fit and you did n't need rest then the manager had their choice to pick the goalkeeper for the competitions .
`` Sometimes I would sit a game out or be on the bench but it would not be decided , 'You play this competition , you play this competition ' .
`` I enjoyed that because I love this competition for example , to be involved and play FA Cup games . Any other competition makes it a bit more spicy and special . ''
When asked by Gary Lineker if they feel frustrated by not playing in FA Cup games , Cech replied : `` Well , you have to respect the way your manager sets up the team or what they plan for the season .
`` I had known prior to the season that David would play the FA Cup games . Obviously I would love to play the competition as well but you have to respect the manager 's decisions .
`` I ended up playing the quarter-final and semi-final [ last season ] , but then I did n't play the final so I had some part in the process .
`` It 's about respecting your colleague and your coach 's decision . Obviously you can tell you would prefer the other way but it 's the decision of the coach . ''
Manchester United 's Alexis Sanchez blasted by Alan Shearer - here 's the pundit 's verdict
More : Sanchez ' struggles
Alexis Sanchez has been blasted by Alan Shearer as the former Arsenal favourite struggles to settle in at Manchester United .
Sanchez has failed to live up to their billing since swapping the Gunners for United in January , with just one goal in 10 appearances .
And BBC Match of the Day pundit Shearer admits the Chilean playmaker looks like a different player from the one who sparkled at the Emirates .
Writing in a column for bookmakers Coral , Shearer said : `` They signed Alexis Sanchez and it looks like they have got their twin brother .
`` He looks like the little boy the lost . It is the coach 's job to get the best out of the players . ''
Shearer also criticised Jose Mourinho and said the Old Trafford boss must take responsibility for their under-performing stars .
`` When you look at the players they had on the pitch against Sevilla , the likes of Lukaku , Sanchez and Rashford , they had enough quality on the pitch and they should have been able to get the win in front of their home supporters , '' they added .
`` United knew what they were getting when they signed Mourinho , a man who has an arrogance about them but delivers trophies .
`` It might not be pretty at times but they get you trophies just like they did last season . Having said all that , the football they have been playing has not been entertaining at all . ''
Liverpool set to rival Arsenal for Atletico goalkeeper - as race for Alisson hots up
Arsenal rivalled
Wolves hope to beat off competition from Arsenal and Monaco for AC Milan striker Andre Silva should they secure promotion to the Premier League , according to reports .
The Mirror claims the Portuguese forward has failed to live up to expectations since their £34m move from Porto to the San Siro last summer - scoring their first Serie A goal of the season just last week .
They claim the Championship club 's relationship with Jorge Mendes and the likelihood of being able to offer Premier League football , means the move to Molineux could appeal .
Especially with Wolves boss Nuno Espirito Santo in charge , having previously worked together with the Dragons .
The Mirror reckon competition for the 22-year-old will come from the Gunners , as well as Monaco and Valencia .
Despite struggling in the league , Silva has mustered a more respectable eight goals in 14 Europa League games .
This is n't the first time SIlva has been linked with a club record move to Molineux .
The rumour first emerged towards the end of the January transfer window but nothing materialised .
David Leggat answers the key questions ahead of the pink ball test starting on Thursday at Eden Park :
1 : Why use a pink ball at all ?
Cricket boards , with Cricket Australia prominent , had long been keen to try initiatives to boost interest in test cricket . In most parts of the world , crowds are flagging .
Something was needed to be done to arrest the slump . ODI and T20s are played under lights . Why not five-dayers ? The red ball clearly would n't work , nor would white last 80 overs , so ball manufacturers cast about for a third colour .
Advertisement
After years of experimentation , pink was chosen as the colour most likely to work , and best for visibility for players and spectators . Even then there were variations in the tone of the pink — magenta , cerise , hot pink , or lavender pink perhaps —and the colour of the stitching . White and green have been tried . Now black is in . The crowds poured in for the first match in Adelaide . New Zealand Cricket are hoping for a similar outcome from Thursday .
2 : Is the pink ball essentially a red ball spray painted pink ?
All balls , red , white or pink , have the same basic composition . The core is made up of cork , which gives weight and bounce . It is layered with tightly-wound string and encased in leather , with a slightly raised stitched seam .
3 : What have the first eight matches taught us ?
There 's a basic pattern . Broadly speaking the new ball swings in the afternoon , but batting gets better through the middle period ( so far nothing unusual there ) . Then when the lights kick in it 's a good time to be a quality seamer . Brendon McCullum , captaining New Zealand in the inaugural match in Adelaide , opined before the start that pink test captains who win the toss and bat , might look to declare late on the first evening to give their seamers a crack in favourable conditions .
In other words , skippers needed to become nimble in their thinking . One who did was South Africa 's Faf du Plessis , also at Adelaide in late 2016 , declaring at 259 for nine shortly before stumps on the first night . It did n't work , Australia winning by seven wickets .
But the notion of captains having to think outside the square remains valid . One other thing : just because a team scores solidly in its first innings , there 's no guarantee that their second innings wo n't go belly up — to wit , Pakistan in Dubai against the West Indies and Sri Lanka . Conditions do change .
4 : So prepare for plenty of runs then ?
Well , not necessarily . The highest score in the eight previous day-night tests is the 579 for three by Pakistan against the West Indies in Dubai in late 2016 , which included a triple century by Azhar Ali . Second place is England 's 514 for eight against Pakistan at Edgbaston last year . No other total has reached 500 . Six completed innings have produced less than 150 , Zimbabwe 's 68 against South Africa last December something of an outlier .
Importantly , only three completed fourth innings have reached 230 — Pakistan 's bold 450 at Brisbane in late 2016 ; the West Indies 289 in Dubai ; and England 's 233 at Adelaide late last year . Fourth innings runs are tough , as they should be .
5 : Tossing it up
There 's a trend for rival skippers Kane Williamson and Joe Root to ponder at the toss on Thursday afternoon . Only once out of the eight tests has the skipper who won the toss opted to send the opposition in to bat . It did n't work for him . Australia won the match in Adelaide late last year by 120 runs . The captain ? The very same Root .
6 : Over and out
Rain is threatening to dampen the test this week . But here 's a thought : you do n't need a full five days to complete a pink ball test . A full five-day test would involve 450 overs , or thereabouts depending on speed of overrates and issues such as light . Of the eight day-nighters only one has involved more than 400 overs — Pakistan 's win over the West Indies in Dubai in late 2016 took 420.1 overs to complete , Pakistan winning by 56 runs .
In simple terms , that 's roughly the equivalent of a daytime test being over by tea on the fifth day . The shortest match was South Africa 's belting of Zimbabwe in Port Elizabeth late last year , the match needing just 151.1 overs . That was completed in two days .
Three-day tests are not uncommon , so do n't despair if precipitation holds things up over the coming five days . And do n't forget there has yet to be a draw with a pink ball .
Former Crusaders star Nemani Nadolo has taken to Twitter to express their frustrations about racism in rugby .
Nadolo , who plays for French Top 14 club Montpellier , described a recent experience with a fan where they claim they were called a monkey .
`` I 'm out in Montpellier with my family who came from overseas to c [ sic ] me , '' Nadolo said on Twitter .
`` [ One ] supporter who is drunk said to me 'not bad for a monkey to win the game for MHR in Clermont ' . Now they were drunk but wow . ''
Advertisement
The Fijian winger said racism in rugby has n't changed .
`` The worst thing is they attack you when u out having a good time with your family ! '' they said .
`` Only problem is they are gutless . I thank the lord for patience .
`` Just saying Racism in rugby is still the same .. you have people degrading peoples race , sex and religion .. I would no [ sic ] I just copped it 20 mins ago . ''
Nadolo played 40 matches for the Crusaders and was the top try scorer in the 2014 Super Rugby season .
Do n't no how to take it because I do n't speak French .. I 'm out in Montpellier with my family who came from overseas to c me . 1 supporter who is drunk said to me “ not bad for a monkey to win the game for MHR in Clermont ” . Now they were drunk but wow . 😒 # really — nemzy ( @ nemani_nadolo ) February 3 , 2018
FUCK IM OVER RACISM .. the worst thing is they attack you when u out having a good time with your family ! . 👋🏻 . Only problem is they are gutless . I thank the lord for patience ... FUCK ! ! — nemzy ( @ nemani_nadolo ) February 3 , 2018
Just saying Racism in rugby is still the same .. you have people degrading peoples race , sex and religion .. I would no I just copped it 20 mins ago ! ! . # fuckRacissiom — nemzy ( @ nemani_nadolo ) February 3 , 2018
To get the day 's top sports stories in your inbox , sign up to our newsletter here
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Former Birmingham City midfielder Ravel Morrison has reportedly taken up the offer to switch international allegiances - they could now run out for Jamaica .
Morrison spent the 2012-13 season on loan at Blues , under Lee Clark , from West Ham United and scored three times in 30 appearances .
Released by West Ham in 2015 , Manchester United trainee Morrison made the switch to Serie A , with Lazio .
Their spell at the club is yet to work out , and he 's since been loaned out to QPR and , currently , Atlas in Mexico .
Morrison did have a trial under Harry Redknapp at the beginning of this season - they featured in a number of friendlies and attended their pre-season tour .
In the end , Blues and Redknapp decided against offering Morrison a contract , and a return to English football .
On the international front , though , it looks like the attacker could be about to end any chances of an England call up by changing their loyalties to the Reggae Boyz .
Morrison has represented England at U16 , U17 , U18 and U21 level , but could now hook up with the Jamaica squad - and in doing so play alongside another former Bluenose , Clayton Donaldson .
Manchester-born Morrison , 25 , shared a screenshot of an email he 'd received from the Jamaican Football Federation , ahead of a proposed friendly this weekend .
It reads : “ Sirs , first let me introduce myself , I am Roy Simpson , manager of national teams , Jamaica .
“ The Jamaica men 's national senior football team will be playing an international friendly match in Kingston , Jamaica on March 25 , 2018 .
“ In this regard , we are requesting the release of Ravel Morrison .
“ He will meet the members of the technical staff , conclude their applications to acquire the requisite documentation they need to play in future games .
“ We look forward [ to ] working with you and your organisation on future assignments . ”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
On trial
Birmingham City youngster Wes McDonald is on trial at Championship rivals Queens Park Rangers .
The attacking midfielder was picked up by Blues at the end of 2013 from Fulham , and has been a regular in the U23s set-up in that time .
McDonald also featured five times in a short loan deal with nearby National League outfit Solihull Moors earlier this season .
They caught the eye particularly in the last campaign , scoring ten times in 24 outings for Richard Beale 's side .
But the youngster is being looked at by QPR , who have named them in their own U23s side for this afternoon 's ( 19 ) fixture with Sheffield United .
Also in the starting line-up are first-teamers Alex Baptiste and Jordan Cousins , Bright Osayi-Samuel and ex-Albion youngster Chay Tilt .
( Image : BCFC.COM )
Performance recognition
Birmingham City pair Jota and Che Adams have both been included in WhoScored.com 's Championship Team of the Week .
Jota and Adams scored three times between them as Blues put Hull City to the sword at a snowy St Andrew 's on Saturday .
It was a desperately needed win - three points that dragged Blues back to within touching distance of Barnsley directly above them , and a result that ensured Hull themselves have n't yet escaped the danger of relegation .
Spaniard Jota , the club 's record signing at more than £6m when they arrived from Brentford on transfer deadline day last summer , scored a 9.5 with statistic experts Who Scored - a rating bettered only by Sheffield Wednesday 's two-goal hero Atdhe Nuhiu .
What key Leeds United figures have said about Pablo Hernandez 's future as Birmingham City linked
Adams , who bent a cross-cum-shot over the head of Allan McGregor a matter of minutes into the second half , was n't far behind with a score of 8.6 .
Also included in the team were Aston Villa defender John Terry - that despite being on the losing of a 1-0 score-line against Bolton Wanderers - and Millwall pair Jordan Archer and Shaun Hutchinson , who played crucial roles as the Lions defeated Blues ' relegation rivals Barnsley at Oakwell .
The 3-0 win - Garry Monk 's first in charge since replacing Steve Cotterill as manager - was also voted as the EFL 's official Result of the Day .
In the video above , Titus O'Neil talks to Renee Young and reveals that a WWE SummerSlam match will take place on tonight 's go-home RAW from Boston - Akira Tozawa vs. WWE Cruiserweight Champion Neville . Titus says they and RAW General Manager Kurt Angle talked things over and they decided it would be better to have the match on RAW .
Below is video of Sasha Banks backstage before tonight 's RAW match against Nia Jax , which will see the winner advance to SummerSlam to face RAW Women 's Champion Alexa Bliss . Sasha admits she 's nervous and says they have to do this for themselves and for Bayley . Sasha says she 's going to make Nia pay and then on Sunday , they will defeat Bliss .
EXCLUSIVE : `` I 'm going to # SummerSlam ... and quite honestly it should have been me the whole time ! '' - BOSSton 's own @ SashaBanksWWE # RAW pic.twitter.com/05rQ3wsOpu — WWE ( @ WWE ) August 14 , 2017
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @ this_is_marc . Got a news tip or correction ? Send it to us by clicking here .
Award-winning independent actor and 2018 Star Magic Circle Anna Luna has earned another validation of their stellar performance in the movie “ Maestra ” with a Best Actress nomination at the 2018 Philadelphia Independent Film Awards ( Pifa ) .
In an interview shortly after receiving the news , Luna said they were happily shocked that their portrayal of Iah Seraspi , a teacher 's licensure exam topnotcher in the Lem Lorca-independent film , impressed foreign movie critics .
“ Tina-try talaga nilang iikot ang movie kung saan may mga festivals . Hindi ko naman siya iniisip na sobra pero siyempre masaya po ako dahi napansin ulit ang mga Pinoy , ” they explained .
The said nomination is Luna 's second nod for the said film , which debuted in 2017 at the Cinemalaya Film Festival .
Them first recognition came last year at the 2017 Five Continents International Film Festival in Venezuela , where they brought pride to the country by bringing home the Best Lead Actress trophy .
Maestra is a heavy drama , which follows the story of three struggling teachers whose dedication to their profession pushes them to educate young people despite their personal difficulties .
Luna has been nominated alongside actores Keniesha Robinson , Margherita Mannino and Catalina Lavalle for the Best Actress trophy at Pifa .
The incident occurred in February 2017 , when Darell Bryant slammed and punched minor Andrew Ostrovsky in Broward Regional Juvenile Detention Center .
A detention center officer slugged a skinny 14-year-old , breaking their nose in two places . Prosecutors say the action was justified . https : //t.co/vxWzeYv5wk # MHFightClub pic.twitter.com/apOuZtbDaj — Miami Herald ( @ MiamiHerald ) April 23 , 2018
A former juvenile detention center officer was cleared of all charges by the prosecutor who ruled the officer was justified in striking a 14-year old in the face , breaking their nose in two places in order to “ subdue ” him .
The incident occurred in February 2017 , when Darell Bryant slammed and punched minor Andrew Ostrovsky in Broward Regional Juvenile Detention Center . Prosecutor Christopher Killoran found Bryant `` was justified in their use of force and their actions that day , ” in a “ close-out ” memo .
Andrew was charged with driving their father 's vehicle without permission in January 2017 . The minor was five-feet , six inches tall and weighed 120 pounds at the time of the arrest .
Bryant told a Fort Lauderdale detective the incident occurred when Andrew got into a fight with another detainee and did not listen to the officer 's commands to “ calm down. ” The report said Bryant “ redirected ” Andrew onto the floor , when they slammed down the minor .
A video obtained by Miami Herald showed the officer slamming the minor into the wall and then the floor after an altercation took place . Other detainees can also be seen in the footage .
The prosecutors concluded Florida law allowed Bryant to use force to contain the minor .
`` Based upon Bryant being an authority figure at the facility whose mandate is to control the juvenile detainees , when certain situations arise , for instance when one detainee is attempting to attack another , an employee must utilize force to gain compliance , '' the memo said .
There is no record to support that prosecutors ever interviewed Andrew to learn their side of the story . The close-out memo also indicated the findings by the State Attorney 's Office were not discussed with Andrew 's father , Uri Ostrovsky .
The Department of Juvenile Justice ( DJJ ) found upon investigation that Andrew had complained to the officers about another detainee who kept “ talking junk to him. ” Andrew told the DJJ Bryant advised them to “ hit [ the ] youth when no one is looking . ''
Andrew 's claim might be shocking however , it is not uncommon . Several other detained youths have complained juvenile officers usually entice them to fight with each other in return for honey buns and sweets ; the fight that follows for the treat is often termed as “ honey-bunnings . ”
However , the DJJ report on the incident does not detail the practice and Andrew is never quoted on the recently released close out memo exonerating Bryant .
The DJJ 's report on the incident was quite different from the ruling , who concluded “ excessive ” force was indeed used by Bryant , who later resigned from the job . The agency also made sure to convey that although Bryant was pardoned , the DJJ does not tolerate the behavior exerted by the officer at the time .
“ The Florida Department of Juvenile Justice has approved physical interventions to deescalate crisis situations in our facilities and programs . These interventions do not allow for the physical assault of youth to gain compliance . While we recognize the state attorney has discretion in determining whether to proceed with criminal charges , DJJ does not condone nor tolerate this type of behavior , '' said DJJ Secretary Christina K. Daly .
Gordon Weekes , Broward County 's chief assistant public defender , who represented Andrew in court , called out the memo for not reflecting facts the way they were .
`` The message this sends to children at the facility — and the message it sends to staffers and guards at the facility — is that we will protect officers who cross the line , hurt children and beat children up , even when these acts are captured on video , '' Weekes said .
Andrew 's father also complained of disparity when neither they nor their son was interviewed before the decision was made by the prosecutors .
`` They never interviewed me , '' Ostrovsky said . `` They never interviewed him . It 's wrong . They are trying to cover it up . I am mad . I am really mad , ” they said .
`` They gave permission to abuse children , '' the angry parent added .
Thumbnail/ Banner Credits : Pixabay
Dive Brief :
In Tennessee , one out of every three high school graduates in the class of 2015 failed to meet mandated foreign language or social studies requirements for a diploma , a phenomenon that state officials say could be a contributing factor to increasing disparities in college completion .
NPR reports on the state 's efforts to examine the full impact on its systems of higher education , which they say prohibits college enrollment since most four-year institutions require foreign language credits in high school .
Officials are looking to overhaul compliance regulations for districts to ensure that principals and counselors are clear on the standards . They have no plans to revoke or to change students ' earned diplomas .
Dive Insight :
Tennessee is the pioneering state for the free college movement , and now reveals that more than a third of the students who may have been eligible for the program did not successfully complete high school requirements . For college leaders , it may be a case study on the increasing need for resources in remedial education , specifically being developed and implemented by college and university partners .
For institutions in regions with poor and underperforming secondary systems , teacher training and workforce development are critical areas of need to ensure seamless college entry . Colleges should work with districts to offer undergraduate and graduate support for guidance counseling , test preparation and articulation agreements to help systems better meet state requirements and to improve the pool of potential college admits .
The President Donald Trump administration has frequently made mistakes on official government documents , and the president often posts tweets with misspelled words .
The White House sent an email to reporters on Monday about President Donald Trump 's executive order on Venezuela , which contained an error that raised some eyebrows .
Unfortunately , the Press Office did n't properly proofread the announcement before disseminating the email , which was titled “ Executive Order on Taking Additional Steps to Address the Situation in America . ”
Journalists promptly took to Twitter to share the mistake with the broader public . CNN 's Kaitlan Collins attached the email to their post .
The White House is taking steps to “ address the situation in America .... ” pic.twitter.com/o9qBri0JOx — Kaitlan Collins ( @ kaitlancollins ) March 19 , 2018
The actual executive order referred to actions being taken against Venezuela . The directive prohibits financial transactions using digital currency created by the Venezuelan government last month .
Actual WH email subject line : `` Executive Order on Taking Additional Steps to Address the Situation in America . '' ( Actually about Venezuela . ) — Rick Klein ( @ rickklein ) March 19 , 2018
Trump has , throughout their presidency , posted misspelled tweets while commenting on topics , including policy , the actions of foreign leaders , and tiffs with celebrities . The most recent typo occurred earlier this month when Trump engaged in another Twitter battle with Alec Baldwin , whom the president first referred to as “ Alex . ”
Latest White House typo , but my favorite is still a reference to the Israeli-Palestinian `` peach process '' https : //t.co/SuTZ7gFiMX — Matthew Levitt ( @ Levitt_Matt ) March 19 , 2018
Compared to the administration 's past typos , Monday 's mix-up is relatively insignificant . The significant error on the president 's inauguration poster and misspelling of Theresa May 's name on the official White House schedule are just two examples of poor proofreading .
Read More Lo and Behold , The Mysterious Covfefe Is On Its Way To Becoming A Law
The pattern of typos conveys a sense of carelessness that detracts from the prestige of the presidency . The president has , at various times , stated their scorn for formality previously accompanying their position .
The result of these frequent gaffes is that Trump may appear as a leader who does not regard the immense power they control with due respect and is unable to remove incompetency from their administration .
ST. PAUL ( AP ) -- The Minnesota Supreme Court has made permanent a pilot project that allows limited use of cameras in the state 's courtrooms .
The high court gave its formal stamp of approval to the rules Monday . Media outlets and independent journalists still ca n't provide full photo , video and audio coverage of trials . But the rules allow audio , video and photos of proceedings after a defendant pleads guilty or is convicted . There are exceptions for criminal sexual conduct and domestic violence cases .
Mark Anfinson , an attorney for the Minnesota Newspaper Association , says that the permanent rules represent progress .
WASHINGTON — Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen offered limited praise Wednesday for a report issued by the Treasury Department earlier this week that recommends sweeping changes to the post-crisis regulatory framework .
Speaking during a press conference accompanying the meeting of the Fed 's Federal Open Market Committee , Yellen called it a `` complicated document '' that they have yet to fully review , but suggested that they shared many of its objectives , including reducing regulatory burden without sacrificing safety and soundness .
Dive Brief :
Cisco recently announced the company has invested $ 13 million in 44 networking academies in Missouri to help close the skills gap and train the next generation workforce .
The company is partnering with high schools , two-year colleges and even some four-year colleges to offer curriculum and lab equipment so students can have hands-on experience with industry equipment . Students also have the opportunity to earn a professional certification before they graduate to demonstrate even more value to the workplace .
Cisco 's U.S. public sector senior vice president , Larry Payne , said in a recent conversation with Education Dive that the company saw opportunity was lacking `` for students who could n't pursue that four-year engineering or computer science degree ... to enter into the tech industry . '' Payne said the company recognized it as a void it could fill to help train future workers . `` If we 're going to introduce people to our industry , we ca n't just expect everyone to come out of a four-year college with a computer science degree , '' they said .
Dive Insight :
Cisco 's network academies are n't new — and they 're certainly not the first company to operate such an initiative . But the expansion of the company 's efforts further underscores the idea that higher education , as a sector , is not serving the needs of industry .
The Obama administration put unprecedented emphasis on the idea of a college degree as a universal right , but the country has a shortage of skilled workers — those who would have traditionally been enrolled in career and technical education programs , often at community colleges . Now , the Trump administration is taking a step back and , along with Congress , emphasizing apprenticeship and other job training programs .
There has to be a solution to the current crisis . For one , traditional four-year institutions must do a better job of aligning their curricula with industry and , as an undergraduate education model , valuing the experiences of faculty members who are currently working in their industries to promote better synergy between the sectors . Companies like Pearson , Amazon and Cisco are getting into the education delivery market , believing they can do it better than the institutions . Payne said , `` It 's really interesting that we 're the company that the internet runs on and we 're doing a lot in the education market , and we 're doing a lot to [ marry those together ] and really change people 's lives . '' This is a transformation that some have doubted higher ed 's ability to lead .
Four-year institutions can also look to two-year institutions for ways to develop certification and continuing education programs that are not necessarily so rigidly ordered against the traditional four-year degree pathway . Allowing students to earn credentials along the pathway to the bachelor 's degree — and ensuring those credentials meet industry needs and standards — is of particular importance to the increasing number of students who may have to take semesters off to work or who are maintaining full-time jobs alongside their studies .
But there also must be a de-stigmatization of the work of community colleges . These institutions , long considered the bastardized stepchildren of higher education , have more experience with the new majority of students , and they continue to fill an important void for students who do not desire or ca n't obtain a bachelor 's degree . And as the push for apprenticeship and workforce training programs ramps up , these institutions will continue to play an important part in readying students for the jobs of tomorrow .
However , in the words of Education Dive 's 2017 President of the Year , California Community Colleges Chancellor Eloy Ortiz Oakley , it is important that the conversation include voices from all walks of life to avoid a situation in which men with degrees are sitting around pontificating over who needs one — a scenario that would see overwhelming numbers of poor students and students of color steered away from degree tracks and into a worker class .
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
CORAL GABLES ( CBSMiami ) — Coral Gables police have named a suspect in an officer-involved shooting .
Officers arrested 21-year-old Richard Grissom-Rodgers on a slew of charges including 1st-degree premeditated murder . Police say they tried to kill one of the officers .
Police say they tried to kill one of the officers .
“ The defendant intentionally crashed ” and “ intentionally tried to run over ” the officer , according to the report , prompting the shooting in front of the University of Miami campus on Tuesday night .
The report also says they tried to crash into other officers as well .
A portion of Ponce de Leon Boulevard was closed off to traffic Tuesday night as detectives gathered evidence .
Police said it all started at around 6:45 p.m. when an automatic license plate reader alerted police of a stolen Toyota Camry .
The Camry was heading south on US-1 when it jumped a median to try and evade police .
“ Officers on the south end from the Coral Gables Police Department converged on this vehicle , ” explained Coral Gables Police Department spokesperson Kelly Denham . “ That 's when they took an evasive move , crossed over the grassy median between US-1 and Ponce , as they run parallel , and that 's when they headed straight for that officer who discharged their firearm . ”
Police said the Camry continued to flee westbound on Ponce de Leon Boulevard where they struck two other vehicles , coming to final rest by the UM baseball field .
“ The suspect exited their vehicle and attempted to flee on foot , into the UM baseball field . Our officers gave pursuit on foot and apprehended them without incident , ” Denham said .
Officer Denham said the suspect was not struck by any bullets but they did suffer minor injuries from the crash .
The people in the other two vehicles also had some minor injuries .
An officer suffered a broken hand . They were treated at the hospital and released .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The Republican tax plan will deliver a swift adrenaline shot to the economy that will send hundreds of billions pouring into federal tax coffers , the Trump administration asserts in a new analysis . But nonpartisan analysts make a less rosy projection of new revenue from the tax legislation now before Congress .
House and Senate negotiators are rushing to finalize the tax legislation and deliver the promised measure to President Donald Trump before Christmas . Trump will try on Wednesday to sell the American people on a GOP tax overhaul that is unpopular with many . Their pitch : the plan will lift all economic boats , bringing a brighter future for taxpayers and their families , according to spokesperson Lindsay Walters .
A Treasury Department analysis issued Monday estimated the tax legislation will generate a large part of $ 1.8 trillion in new revenue over 10 years .
Trump and Republican leaders in Congress have promoted the massive tax plan by promising that the tax cuts will boost the economy and create jobs . Their idea is that growth sparked by the legislation will let the tax cuts pay for themselves and not balloon the $ 20 trillion deficit .
Advertisement
Public polling shows many Americans are unhappy with the proposal . The separate bills recently passed by the House and Senate combine steep tax cuts for corporations with more modest reductions for most individuals .
Both measures would cut taxes by about $ 1.5 trillion over the next decade while adding billions to the deficit . They would bring the biggest overhaul of the U.S. tax system in 30 years , pushing into every corner of the U.S. economy and society . They would double the standard deduction used by most Americans to $ 12,000 for individuals and $ 24,000 for couples .
The administration 's estimate of new revenue from the tax plan is a lot higher than nonpartisan congressional analysts have projected . The Joint Committee on Taxation estimates that growth stimulated by the anticipated tax cuts in the Senate bill will generate some $ 408 billion in additional tax revenue over 10 years . For the House bill , the House-Senate committee sees $ 483 billion in new revenue .
The Treasury analysis `` is nothing more than one page of fake math , '' said Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer .
The analysis includes an assumption that tax cuts and other administration policies would cause the economy to expand at a 2.9 percent annual pace over 10 years . Economic growth at that level would , in theory , be enough to keep the national debt from rising .
But most analyses have concluded that the tax plan would add at least $ 1 trillion to budget deficits in the next decade because the analyses foresee significantly less growth resulting from the tax cuts .
The Treasury Department analysis says about half the expected increase in economic growth likely will result from tax benefits for corporations . Trump and the Republicans have insisted that businesses will use the tax savings to invest and create new jobs .
According to the analysis , the other half of the increased growth will come from tax reductions for individuals and businesses whose profits are reported on owners ' personal income tax returns , as well as from planned administration initiatives such as infrastructure development and a welfare overhaul .
GOP leaders in Congress aim to iron out the significant differences between the House and Senate tax bills to pass a final blended package . Republicans are determined to produce the first revamp of the nation 's tax code in three decades and prove they can govern after their failure to dismantle Barack Obama 's health care law .
Rep. Kevin Brady , who heads the House Ways and Means Committee and is a key leader in the House-Senate compromise talks , said Monday that lawmakers were moving toward a vote on the final package next week . Still , key issues appeared to remain unresolved .
`` I 'm pleased with the progress we 're making , '' Brady , R-Texas , told reporters . `` We still have work to do . ''
The only issue for which Brady noted a firm commitment was repeal of the inheritance tax on multimillion-dollar estates , a benefit for ultra-wealthy Americans . `` In the House , we feel very strongly about fully repealing the estate tax , '' they said .
Republican leaders have struggled to placate GOP lawmakers from high-tax states like California , New York and New Jersey whose constituents would be hit hard by the elimination of the prized federal deduction for state and local taxes . Repeal of the deduction added up to $ 1.3 trillion in revenue over a decade that could be used for deep tax cuts .
Lawmakers finally settled on a compromise in both bills — full repeal of the state and local deductions for income and sales taxes , but homeowners would be able to deduct up to $ 10,000 in local property taxes .
___
Associated Press writers Jill Colvin and Josh Boak contributed to this report .
Waterford selector Eoin Murphy admitted last night that Conor Gleeson 's red card in Sunday 's All-Ireland semi-final victory over Cork cast a shadow over post-match celebrations .
Gleeson will be suspended for the September 3rd decider with Galway – and Waterford are also sweating on Austin Gleeson 's availability .
Déise officials should find out today if Austin Gleeson is to face any proposed sanction from the GAA 's Central Competitions Control Committee ( CCCC ) , following an incident that saw Cork player Luke Meade 's helmet removed from their head .
While doubt surrounds the Austin Gleeson case , their namesake Conor looks set to be reported for a category III infraction , namely ‘ to strike or attempt to strike an opponent with a hurley , with minimal force ' .
The offence carries a one-match suspension and would see Gleeson miss out on the Galway showpiece .
Murphy told WLR FM last night : “ It 's a pity and it was hard to take at the time . The game was nearly over , close to the 70th minute , and it 's tough on Conor . I do n't know what way it 's going to go , we 'll see what due process is going to be .
“ It 's a pity – it dampened down the win after for us but look , we had to deal with different situations coming into the semi-final , and we may have to deal with one or two more now .
“ We need to stay focused and that 's why we train with a panel of 34 to the nth degree – so we have players to come in if needed . ”
Cork , meanwhile , have confirmed that they 'll look to exonerate Patrick Horgan after they were red-carded following the Conor Gleeson flashpoint .
In what was a case of mistaken identity , referee James Owens dismissed Horgan , when it was Shane Kingston who retaliated against Gleeson following the initial incident .
Pre-match planning
It now appears certain that the Horgan red card will be passed on to Kingston .
Cork understands that Kingston would then be suspended for the opening Allianz League fixture of 2018 .
The consequences for Gleeson are far more serious , however , as Murphy hailed their “ outstanding ” weekend contribution .
Murphy said : “ He snuck up for a fantastic point after Jamie 's goal – a super point which kicked us on again . They were outstanding all through . We 'll have to see what 's going to happen in the next few days , we 'll see what way the process is going to go . ”
Murphy confirmed that Waterford had targeted Anthony Nash 's puck-outs in their pre-match planning and wanted to hold the Rebels to a minimum 20-point haul .
Both objectives were achieved and Murphy said : “ We needed to nullify them a small bit and not let them get so much momentum . Their forwards are so good – they proved in the Munster championship that if you give them space and good quality ball , they 'll punish you .
“ The backs and forwards worked so hard and the quality of ball going in was n't as good . Even on the puck-outs , they struggled to find the space they found in the first game against us in Thurles . ”
Murphy revealed : “ To be honest , our plan was to try and keep Cork down to 20 points overall . It 's great but it 's a semi-final at the end of the day . We 're back in a final and it will count for nothing if we do n't hold our heads . We have to go again to beat Galway . ”
Video by Cory Bilicko | Signal Tribune
Walking through and beholding the memorabilia of the “ Forgotten Images ” exhibit– the traveling “ museum ” that displays African-American artifacts– evokes a strange sensation of mixed feelings .
On the one hand , there 's the Ku Klux Klan uniform , hovering above the tables like a deflated white phantom– now lifeless , but still menacing . On the other , there are cheerful salt-and-pepper shakers in the form of black children eating watermelon .
Whereas the KKK outfit is a blatant symbol of lynchings– summoning images of violence against blacks and other minorities in the South , the seemingly harmless ceramic shakers present a more complicated side of African-American history . They are remnants of a period when defenders of slavery perpetuated an image of black people as being unfit for freedom . As historian John Hope Franklin indicated in their book From Slavery to Freedom : A History of African-Americans , the pervasive stereotypes portrayed them as docile , tractable and happy– childlike and dependent upon the master .
As evidenced by Forgotten Images , these innocent-looking figurines , by dehumanizing blacks , were essentially forms of propaganda that paved the way for bigots to discriminate against , humiliate and violently attack people of color .
Signal Hill residents David and Sharon McLucas are the collectors who have amassed the collection featured in the exhibit . They began with music– collecting old vinyl records . They started with pictorial images that they hung on their walls .
Together , they focused their attention on pre-Civil War and Reconstruction-era memorabilia and began shopping for items around the country , eventually extending their avocation into 20th Century realia .
Sharon , who said it 's very important for young people to understand the trials and tribulations of the struggles that came before them , began using their collected items as educational tools years ago . Them daughter 's friends would visit their home , and Sharon would give them a history lesson , making a game of it by quizzing the children upon their return– telling them they could n't come back unless they 'd remembered what they had taught them .
Them daughter , Sheba Gillis , has joined David and Sharon in conducting tours of the exhibit . They said initially they did n't comprehend the significance of their mother 's and stepfather 's collection .
“ I 'd ask , ‘ Why do y'all keep buying all that junk ? ' ” they said .
After time , the meaning and importance did sink in , even to the point that they themselves felt compelled to educate others about the history that their parents deemed so necessary . They earned a masters degree in secondary education , and they are now an after-school administrator and incorporates the artifacts into their program .
“ The kids do n't know . They have no clue , ” Gillis said . “ I bring in stuff to show them because it 's different when you see it right in front of you . If you can see it and touch it , it makes it real . ”
But David says not everyone is receptive to the often disturbing images , some of which include alligators preying on young black children , exaggerated ruby-red lips and African-Americans behaving as savages right out of the jungle . “ A man [ attending the exhibit ] asked me , ‘ Why is your exhibit so negative ? ' A lot of black people have no idea of how highly marketed we were , ” they said . “ It was embedded into the society , a part of everyday life . Even today , there are echoes that come to the surface of what went on then . ”
David points out that , in addition to being an educational forum , the exhibit is a tribute to those who suffered and sacrificed so much so that future generations could have better lives . “ It 's been said before , but we 're standing on the shoulders of so many giants who went through so many trials . They could n't vote . They could n't get into restaurants . Their lives were in danger because of Jim Crow laws , ” they said . “ What your great-great grandfather and great-great grandmother went through so we can be better off today . ”
What drives Sharon 's passion to share the exhibit with youth is that they likely will not have exposure to such items in their history classes .
“ They do n't learn this in the classroom , ” Sharon said . “ They ca n't see and touch and ask questions , and that 's very important . They do n't know that they need to talk to their grandparents , to find out who their grandparents are , to compile their genealogy . ”
They added that they are particularly concerned about the generation that is currently 17 to 24 years old , at– or close to– voting age .
“ When you get to the Civil Rights [ section of the exhibit ] , it shows you the sacrifice , the marching , the unification of a people– not only black and white and Latino , ” Sharon said . “ That particular age group today does n't vote . Why they do n't vote , I do n't understand . I 'm going to have to really look at it and study it . But they need to know that that 's a right that was earned off the sweat and tears of other people , and , unless they voice and vote , change will never happen . ”
Forgotten Images will be on display at the Expo Arts Center , 4321 Atlantic Ave. , on : Friday , Feb. 2 from 6pm to 10pm , and on Saturday , Feb. 3 from 11am to 5pm . For more information , visit forgotten-images.com .
[ Ed . note : Sharon McLucas is an ad-sales representative for the Signal Tribune . ]
What untruth did you believe for the longest time ?
1 . Jackie from Albany writes : `` As a child , I believed that only on the white stripes of the zebra crossing you would be safe from cars running you over . I always thought adults were extremely brave risking to walk across and stepping on the dark 'stripes ' . I also believed the little ladder on the back of the caravans led to a little swimming pool on top . We neither owned a caravan nor a pool . ''
2 . David writes : `` My dad would tell me there was a monkey at the zoo paid peanuts to jump across a switch board and turn the street lights on and off . When we would see a light off at night or on in the day we would email the zoo asking the monkey not be paid peanuts because of the mistake . Believed this and told others till a teenager , when [ Dad ] slipped up and let cat out of the bag . ''
3 . `` For many years as a child I believed when the old year 's calendar was taken down , there was a gap in time , which I could fall through and get lost forever , '' writes a reader .
`` Time only started again when the new year 's calendar was put up . I would run from the house terrified when mother took the old calendar down and hold my breath until I was sure they had put the new calendar up . ''
Naive to the fax of life
`` When I was a kid , I faxed a branch of my dad 's office , in another town , drawings of horses . I had watched my father send so many faxes that I had the process memorised . Except , for some reason I thought that I could fax things to grandma . I put in the numbers for the office every time , but was convinced that the faxes were going to grandma . I also did n't think to inform my parents that I was doing this . My dad visited the office ( three-hour drive ) one day and discovered their conference room white board absolutely covered in my drawings . The guys thought it was adorable that I sent drawings and letters to them , and did n't tell my dad because they knew he 'd stop me . '' ( Source : quora.com )
- NZ Herald
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
Tunisia rugby chiefs have accused Zimbabwe 's delegation of “ unethical actions ” after players slept on streets prior to a World Cup qualifier .
Pictures posted on social media showed Zimbabwe players on the pavements in Beja prior to Saturday 's match against their hosts .
The Zimbabwe party were left furious at what they felt was a poor standard of hotel accommodation , while also claiming they had experienced a six-hour airport delay over visa issues after arriving in Tunisia .
But the Tunisian Rugby Federation has hit back , stating : “ The Tunisian Rugby Federation expresses its deep regret for this unfortunate event , and strongly deplores the anti-sports and unethical actions of the Zimbabwean delegation , which do not reflect the strong ties of friendship between the two countries . ”
A strongly-worded statement addressed specifically the hotel and visa matters .
“ It is important to note that the delegation of Zimbabwe started complaining as soon as they arrived at Tunis Carthage airport , ” it read .
“ Indeed , the team manager refused to pay the entry visa fees on Tunisian territories of 60 dinars per person ( around €20 ) on the pretext that they did not have the amount requested , knowing the Tunisian Federation had previously notified Rugby Africa informing them on all these procedures that go beyond the prerogatives of the union .
“ Nevertheless , the head of the delegation persisted in not paying these fees , which caused a long wait for the members of the delegation and a four-hour delay .
“ It was necessary to contact the chief executive of Rugby Africa , who spoke by telephone with the head of the Zimbabwe delegation , who subsequently agreed to pay the invoice of the visa fees .
“ It is important to note that these visa procedures are common between African countries .
“ After a lunch offered by the Tunisian Federation to its guests , an air-conditioned bus transfer was ensured for members of the Zimbabwe delegation to the city of Beja .
“ Around 2300 , the head of the Zimbabwean delegation expressed reservations about the state of the bathroom in one of the rooms , the lack of a swimming pool and the low internet speed . So , they started talking about leaving the hotel on the pretext that it was not decent enough for their team .
“ The quick intervention of the president and three members of the organising committee was not enough to calm them down and convince them to spend the rest of the night at the hotel , ensuring that they found solutions the next morning with the possibility to change hotels .
“ Instead , they asked all the members of the delegation to take out their luggage , leave the hotel and spend the night outside on the ground .
“ At 0630 , and after the efforts and interventions of the organising committee and members of the Tunisian Federation , the Zimbabwe team was transferred to another hotel , where they expressed their satisfaction with an apology to the chairperson of the organising committee . ”
Rugby Africa and the Tunisian Rugby Federation earlier offered “ sincere apologies ” to the Zimbabwe delegation .
Saturday 's game is part of Africa 's Rugby Gold Cup competition , with Rugby Africa responsible for the fixtures .
In an earlier joint statement issued with the Tunisia Rugby Federation , Rugby Africa said : “ We would like to reassure the Zimbabwean Ministry of Sports , Zimbabwe Rugby Union and all partners and fans that the situation was addressed immediately , and an acceptable solution has been found .
“ This [ situation ] does not reflect the standards of the Rugby Africa Gold Cup competition and we sincerely regret any prejudice caused . ”
Six African countries – Zimbabwe , Namibia , Tunisia , Morocco , Kenya and Uganda – remain in the qualifying picture for next year 's World Cup in Japan .
Namibia are firm favourites to progress automatically from current qualifying , while the eventual runner-up will go into a qualification repechage later this year .
Congresswoman Wilson Takes Leadership Role in Working with Key Stakeholders to Address Gun Violence
MIAMI – On Monday , July 2 , Congresswoman Frederica S. Wilson met with U.S. Attorney Benjamin Greenberg , local law enforcement officials and other stakeholders to discuss gun violence and keeping children safe in District 24 and throughout Miami-Dade County .
It was very timely in light of the alarming number of shootings that have occurred . In Miami Gardens alone , 10 people have been shot since June 16 and in the past decade , 300 children have lost their lives to gun violence .
Participants included State Attorney Katherine Fernandez Rundle ; Chief Assistant Jose Arrojo , State Attorneys Office ; Vice-Chairwoman Audrey Edmonson , Miami-Dade County Commission ; Miami Mayor Francis Suarez ; Miami Police Chief Jorge Colina ; Director Juan Perez , Miami-Dade Police ; Deputy Director Alfredo Ramirez , III , Miami-Dade Police ; Public Defender Carlos Martinez ; Superintendent Alberto Carvahlo ; Chief Edwin Lopez , Miami-Dade County Public Schools Police ; Deputy Mayor Maurice Kemp ; and Director Morris Copeland .
“ It is vitally important that key leaders and stakeholders join forces to curb and ultimately end the gun violence that is plaguing our communities . Our goal was to brainstorm ideas to achieve these goals and then work collaboratively whenever possible to turn those ideas into action , ” said Congresswoman Wilson . “ This is a team effort and we are all deeply committed to using every resource at our disposal to keep our communities and our children safe . ”
During the meeting , Congresswoman Wilson discussed their efforts in Washington and locally to curb gun violence , and outlined opportunities for local , state , and federal officials to work jointly to reduce gun violence in Miami-Dade .
Earlier this year , Congresswoman Wilson held a gun violence town hall in their district to get input from the community and other stakeholders .
In May , they convened a congressional hearing at which high school students from District 24 , Parkland and other parts of the nation testified about the devastating impact that gun violence has had on their young lives .
Additionally , they urged members of the House Appropriations Committee to provide robust funding for federal programs targeting gun violence and public safety .
Last month , Congresswoman Wilson introduced several gun violence prevention measures , including H.R . 6297 – The Assault Weapon Ban and Regulatory Reform Act of 2018 : This bill will put the nation on a path to banning all assault weapons . It builds on the Assault Weapons Ban Act of 2018 by requiring the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives to establish a new regulatory framework to evaluate guns on the market and determine whether they are assault weapons on their capacity to injure and kill rather than just their features and names .
The meeting participants also discussed expanding efforts within their offices to keep students safe in and outside of school .
Congresswoman Wilson suggested that boxes be placed in every school so that children can share problems , tips and perceived threats that will be retrieved by school resource officers . They also stressed the need for early intervention to prevent boys and young men from joining gangs and engaging in other activities that lead to gun violence .
They cited the 5000 Role Models of Excellence Project , an in-school mentoring and drop-out prevention program that they founded 25 years ago , as a mechanism that works and shows young people that they have many options to help them succeed . They also shared a brochure that the program shares with the boys that teach them how to interact with law enforcement officers
“ Gang violence is a generational curse too often passed down from fathers and uncles . It is imperative that we do everything that we can to break it as swiftly as possible , ” Congresswoman Wilson said .
The group also talked about the need for increased funding for monitoring devices near and outside of schools and putting substations in public housing complexes to help monitor crime and gun violence .
Congresswoman Wilson pledged to strongly support applications for grants to carry out these efforts and identified several sources of funding , including :
Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant , which is a federal program designed to support local law enforcement programs across the country.​It is the largest source of federal funding for state , local , and tribal public safety activities and can be used for a variety of crime-prevention efforts , including programs that address issues that might be giving rise to increases in violent crime .
, which is a federal program designed to support local law enforcement programs across the country.​It is the largest source of federal funding for state , local , and tribal public safety activities and can be used for a variety of crime-prevention efforts , including programs that address issues that might be giving rise to increases in violent crime . Community Oriented Policing Services ' ( COPS ) Hiring Program , which provides funding directly to state , local , and tribal law enforcement agencies to support hiring additional law enforcement officers to address specific crime problems , like gun violence , through community policing strategies .
, which provides funding directly to state , local , and tribal law enforcement agencies to support hiring additional law enforcement officers to address specific crime problems , like gun violence , through community policing strategies . The Innovations in Community Based Crime Reduction Program , which supports data-driven , comprehensive and community-oriented strategies to reduce crime and spur revitalization . Through a broad cross-sector partnership team , including neighborhood residents , CBCR grantees target neighborhoods with hot spots of violent and serious crime and employs data-driven , cross-sector strategies to accomplish this goal .
, which supports data-driven , comprehensive and community-oriented strategies to reduce crime and spur revitalization . Through a broad cross-sector partnership team , including neighborhood residents , CBCR grantees target neighborhoods with hot spots of violent and serious crime and employs data-driven , cross-sector strategies to accomplish this goal . Project Safe Neighborhoods , which is designed to create safer neighborhoods through a sustained reduction in crime associated with gang and gun violence . The program 's effectiveness is based on the cooperation of local , state , and federal agencies engaged in a unified approach led by the U.S. attorney in each district . U.S. attorneys are responsible for establishing a collaborative PSN taskforce of federal , state , and local law enforcement and other community members to implement gang and gun crime enforcement , intervention , and prevention initiatives within their district.​
This man 's fall , unlike an Icarus
by Breughel , was not unnoticed .
What would Williams
and Auden observe
instead in this picture ?
Perhaps , the woman in red
from the funeral parlor ,
holding a water bottle ,
bosom draped in a towel
drenched with afternoon sweat .
Or the men in blue
uniforms , guns in holsters , gleaming
car keys by the belt of the one looking
at the fallen man ; the sky , white behind
their head : hues of light against a ball of dark .
Better yet : the corner , green
as a ploughman 's pastures ,
of a store signage , unheeded
by the men and women around
the one who was n't Daedalus ' son .
They did n't drown ; they just fell
on the ground , and one of them
brought down the sun-
yellow cloth
to cover him .
Surely , this blanket―like a sea
by Breughel letting one unwitnessed , final glimpse
of the fallen 's leg―the poets will see ,
thrusting in the air four lifeless toes , cropped
by the frame , at the foreground .
$ 11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $ 11.77 per week .
You will be billed $ 66.30 per month after the trial ends
'We ca n't do it alone ' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori .
… .. Strikes out suit seeking to stop paper publication
An Abuja Chief Magistrate court has struck out a suit seeking to stop Folio Communications Plc from publishing Daily Times of Nigeria . This is the fifth time different courts have delivered similar rulings , thereby affirming the paper 's ownership by the Anosike brothers .
In the latest ruling which was obtained on Monday Their Worship R. J Egbe of Magistrate Court 13 Wuse Zone 2 Abuja said they were aware that there was an ownership dispute existing between Folio Communications Plc and Sen. Ikechukwu Obiora on Daily Times of Nigeria as well as Consent Judgement entered between the two parties following resolution of the matter by stakeholders in 2006 which from records has not been vacated by any court of competent jurisdiction and therefore can not grant the plaintiff 's prayers to stop the publication of Daily Times .
“ However , I can not feign ignorance or pretend that there is more to it . The totality of the evidence before me by way of affidavit evidence and exhibits particularly , exhibit 6 , seems to me that there is an ownership dispute of the plaintiff between the defendants and the deponent to the counter- affidavit . The tort of passing – off can only be derived from the right of ownership .
Therefore , it is my view that it will be meaningless to deal with the right of passing off without the right of ownership . It will amount to placing something on nothing and a sheer waste of time and energy which this Court is not ready to embark on . The case is therefore struck out
Earlier , the Magistrate had also thrown out counter affidavit tendered by plaintiffs following argument by counsel to the Anosike 's that having heard addresses by both side , they should not have allowed the tendering of more documents and affidavits . Their worship therefore struck it out saying “ I agreed with the defendants ' counsel , after parties had argued their cases , I could not have asked parties to adduce further or additional evidence to substantiate or support their case at the expenses of any of parties . That was not my intention . My intention was strictly to be addressed on how a judgment of a competent Court could lapse by operation of law and or effluxion of time without more . Therefore , the plaintiff 's further counter affidavit and all the exhibits attached thereto is struck out .
The defendants through their Counsel filed a Notice of Preliminary objection dated and filed on the 22nd of February , 2018 against the suit of the plaintiff on eight ( 8 ) grounds as in the face of the preliminary objection . The preliminary objection is brought pursuant to section 251 ( 1 ) ( e ) and ( 3 ) of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria as amended .
In support of the notice of preliminary objection is 28 paragraph affidavits deposed to by Israel Dinne including Financial Bid Opening for Daily Times of Nigeria Plc which contains four Official Receipts of Bureau of Public Enterprises ; Share Sales/Purchase Agreement between Bureau of Public Enterprises and Folio Communication Ltd for the purchase of 233,745,640 Ordinary Shares of Fifty Kobo each in the issued and Paid up Capital of the Daily Times of Nigeria PLC dated the 21/6/2004 ; Letter of Divestment of interest in DSV Ltd dated 2005 ; Settlement Agreement between Folio Communications Ltd and Chief Anthony Idigbe , SAN and the Daily Times of Nigeria PLC and DSV Ltd and Hallmark Bank PLC and Bureau of Public Enterprises and Nigeria Stock Exchange and Nduka Obaigbena in addition to exhibit 6 which is a consent Judgment of the Federal High Court Lagos delivered on the 24/4/2006 .
Also filed with the Notice of preliminary objection was a written address which the defendants ' Counsel adopted along with the notice on the 13/4/18 where the defendants Counsel formulated a lone issue for determination by this court , to wit : Whether the Magistrate Court has jurisdiction to entertain this suit .
In arguing their issue , the defendants ' counsel submitted that the Court lacks the jurisdiction as section 251 ( 1 ) ( e ) and ( 3 ) of the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria reserves it for Federal High Court . They argued that jurisdiction is the foundation upon which a Court of law is vested with authority to adjudicate on matters and referred the Court to a plethora of cases , including Madukolu V Nkemdilim ( 1962 ) 1 All NLR 587 .
On the other hand , Counsel to Ikechukwu Obiorah argued that it is the claim of the plaintiff that determines the jurisdiction of the Court and neither the defendant ' statement of defence nor the defendant 's misrepresentation of the plaintiff 's case and referred the Court to the cases of Aremo V. Adekanye ( 2004 ) 13 NWLR ( pt . 8910 ) 572 and Abubakar v. Usman ( 2009 ) 6 NWLR ( pt . 1136 ) 68 amongst others .
They submitted that the Court has the requisite jurisdiction to entertain the suit as same is found on the tort of passing – off under section 13 ( a ) of the District Court Act . The plaintiff counsel urged the court to have recourse only to the plaintiff 's pleas and dismiss the preliminary objection .
But in their ruling the Magistrate said that there was something curious about the presentation and claims of the plaintiff which they noted was rather self contradictory . They said , “ However , while reading through the processes , paragraph 5 of the plaintiff 's counter – affidavit aroused the curiosity of the Court . Para . 5. reads , ( quoting statement of plaintiff ) “ I am aware that Folio Communication ltd could not meet terms of a consent judgment entered at one point in the past and same lapsed by operation of law and effluxion of time . ”
The Magistrate therefore stated that the quoted paragraph indicates clearly , an acceptance by Ikechukwu Obiorah that there was an existing consent judgement as claimed by the Anosike 's , adding that “ This paragraph necessitated the Court 's directive to be addressed . Both parties filed and adopted the addresses on the 14/5/18 . The plaintiff counsel however files a further counter affidavit and Exhibits attached hereto which the defendant counsel objected to , ruling also that there was no need in the first place to allow plaintiff file further affidavit .
Emergency services have been called to Haywards Heath this morning ( Saturday , February 3 ) after a collision involving a pedestrian .
Sussex Police confirmed officers are at the scene in South Road , near to the Orchards Shopping Centre , after reports of a collision at around 9am .
The road remains open to traffic , police say .
Festival organisers said violence in London needs to be spoken about ,
Wireless Festival will hold a minute 's silence in recognition of those who have lost their lives due to street violence this year .
The move is part of a partnership launched by the team behind the event .
Wireless organisers Festival Republic has teamed up with Project Future , Bruce Grove Youth Space and Haringey Council for the # TimeToStop campaign , which highlights violence and gives a voice to the youth of London .
The campaign is inviting young people to share their messages of hope for their city , with the chance of winning tickets to the festival in Finsbury Park , where artists including Stormzy and DJ Khaled are on the bill .
A competition will see hidden envelopes placed in each borough in London , with tips for tracking it down posted on Wireless social media channels .
Whoever finds each envelope will be given instructions on making a short # TimeToStop video clip , explaining how they want London to change , for a chance of winning tickets to the sold-out event .
The video clips will then be displayed at Wireless .
Festival goers will also observe a minute 's silence on Friday in recognition of those who have lost their lives this year .
Festival Republic 's managing director Melvin Benn said : “ The violence that is threatening our city needs to be spoken about , and it 's imperative that these killings stop .
“ If any other activity had killed more than 70 young people in London this year , the reasons would be at the top of the government 's agenda .
“ That 's why we 're working together with Project Future , Bruce Grove Youth Space and Haringey . ”
Cllr Mark Blake , Haringey Council 's cabinet member for Communities , Safety and Engagement , said : “ Haringey 's communities have been torn apart by grief this year following the needless killings of young people on our streets . It has to stop .
“ That 's why I 'm so proud to see young people from the borough leading the # TimeToStop campaign , which will see people showcasing their love of London and hopes for ending the violence . I hope many more young Londoners will get involved . ”
Wireless Festival takes place from July 6 to 8 in Finsbury Park , London .
© Press Association 2018
By 2030 , Saudi Arabia is expected to open over 300 cinemas with more than 2,000 screens , a government statement said .
Saudi Arabia said on Monday that public cinemas would be allowed in the conservative kingdom for the first time in over 35 years , and that the first ones were likely to open next March .
Cinemas were banned in the early 1980s under pressure from Islamists as Saudi society turned towards a restrictive form of the religion that discouraged public entertainment and many forms of mixing between men and women .
Under reforms led by 32-year-old Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman , the government is easing many of those restrictions , and also plans to lift a ban on women driving next year . It says the economy , hit hard by low oil prices , will benefit from the growth of an entertainment industry .
`` Opening cinemas will act as a catalyst for economic growth and diversification , '' said Minister of Culture and Information Awwad bin Saleh Alawwad . `` By developing the broader cultural sector we will create new employment and training opportunities , as well as enriching the Kingdom 's entertainment options . ''
Read More The Ultra-Conservative Saudi Arabia Now Wants Its People To Have Fun
By 2030 , Saudi Arabia is expected to open over 300 cinemas with more than 2,000 screens , a government statement said , predicting the cinema industry would contribute over 90 billion riyals ( $ 24 billion ) to the economy and create 30,000 permanent jobs by 2030 .
Regional cinema chain operators are already believed to be studying entry into Saudi Arabia , industry sources said .
A commission chaired by Alawwad will announce details of licencing and regulations over the next few weeks , the government said .
Thumbnail / Banner : Reuters
The President of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore Socio-cultural Association , Bello Abdullahi Bodejo has warned that they will resist any attempt to remove President Muhammadu Buhari in 2019 . Bodejo warned that Nobody should try and remove Buhari , adding th ...
According to a new report , “ Global Human Machine Interface Market ( 2016-2022 ) ” , published by KBV Research , the Global Human Machine Interface Market is expected to reach $ 9,750.5 million by 2022 , growing at a CAGR of 18.2 % during 2016 -2022 .
The North America market dominated the Global Human Machine Interface Market in 2015 , and would grow at a CAGR of 16.7 % during the forecast period . Asia-Pacific market is expected to grow at CAGR of 20.3 % during 2016-2022 .
The Hardware market contributed the larger revenue share to the Global Human Machine Interface Market in 2015 , and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 15.7 % during the forecast period . The Software market is expected attain a market size of $ 3,168.9 million by 2022 .
The Automotive market would grow at a CAGR of 16.9 % during the forecast period . The Oil & Gas market is expected to attain a market size of $ 1,657.6 million by 2022 . However , Healthcare market is expected to grow at CAGR of 16.4 % during 2016-2022 .
The report highlights the adoption of Human Machine Interface market , globally.Based on the Type , the Human Machine Interface Market is segmented into Hardware , Software and Services segment . Based on the Product , the Hardware segment is bifurcated into Displays Terminals , Interface Software , Industrial PCs and Other Controllers sub-segments . According to the Application , the Wireless Audio Devices Market is segmented into Automotive , Healthcare , Food & Beverages , Oil & Gas , Packaging , Defense & Aerospace and Other segments . The geographies included in the report are North America , Europe , Asia Pacific and LAMEA ( Latin America , Middle East and Africa ) .
Key Players profiled in the report include Advantech Co. Ltd. , America Industrial Systems , Beijer Electronics , Eaton Corporation , Yokogawa Electric Corporation , Rockwell Automation , ABB Group , General Electric , Honeywell and Siemens .
Full report : https : //kbvresearch.com/global-human-machine-interface-market/
Global Human Machine Interface Market , by Type
Hardware
Displays Terminals
Interface Software
Industrial PCs
Other Controllers
Software
Services
Global Human Machine Interface Market , by Product
Displays Terminals
Interface Software
Industrial PCs
Other Controllers
Global Human Machine Interface Market , by Application
Automotive
Healthcare
Food & Beverages
Oil & Gas
Packaging
Defense and Aerospace
Others
Global Human Machine Interface Market , by Geography
North America
U.S
Canada
Mexico
Rest of North America
Europe
Germany
UK
France
Russia
Spain
Italy
Rest of Europe
Asia Pacific
China
Japan
India
South Korea
Singapore
Malaysia
Rest of Asia Pacific
LAMEA
Brazil
Argentina
UAE
Saudi Arabia
South Africa
Nigeria
Rest of LAMEA
Company Profiles
Advantech Co. Ltd .
America Industrial Systems
Beijer Electronics
Eaton Corporation
Yokogawa Electric Corporation
Rockwell Automation
ABB Group
General Electric
Honeywell and
Siemens
Related Reports-
Asia Pacific Human Machine Interface Market
Europe Human Machine Interface Market
North America Human Machine Interface Market
Lamea Human Machine Interface Market
The Wellington Phoenix have sprung a major surprise on the eve of their first game of the A-League season .
Phoenix head coach Darije Kalezic has handed a first career start to 18-year-old goalkeeper Keegan Smith , who will stand between the sticks against Adelaide United tomorrow afternoon .
The move was hinted at during the pre-season but is still an extremely bold move by Kalezic ahead of their first game in charge . Both of the Phoenix 's contracted goalkeepers - Lewis Italiano and Oliver Sail - were available for selection , but Kalezic plumped for Smith .
Kalezic explains that Smith got the nod due to their ability to play with the ball at their feet , to help the Phoenix build from the back and keep possession .
Advertisement
`` As a club we are facing a new page , a new way of playing , we want to go to another direction , '' Kalezic told Radio Sport .
`` When we have the ball , we want to play from ball position and we want a goalkeeper who can support that way of playing - a goalkeeper who can keep the ball , who can have overview of the situation on the field when they have the ball , and a goalkeeper who can support our building up . ''
Last season , Glen Moss was the first-choice goalkeeper for the Phoenix , starting 22 A-League games , while Italiano appeared in the other five contests .
Moss departed to the Newcastle Jets in the offseason , while Italiano signed a one-year contract , with Sail promoted to presumably be their back-up .
However , Smith , who played eight games for the Wellington Phoenix Under 20 team in the Stirling Sports Premiership last season , was the one who impressed Kalezic the most .
`` All of the three keepers show me good skill , and all have got the same minutes to show me how good [ they are ] . Keegan has shown me the best ability in ball position , compared to Lewis and Oliver . ''
`` At the moment , the best is Keegan Smith , and we trust that he 'll take their chance . ''
David Bell insists Corby Town will be full of confidence when they head to Spalding United tomorrow ( Tuesday ) night .
The Steelmen could n't have asked for a much better start to the new Evo-Stik League South season after they thrashed Romulus 5-1 at Steel Park on Saturday .
Captain Kern Miller fires home the Steelmen 's second goal against Romulus
Now they are gearing up for a clash at last season 's beaten play-off finalists , who also got off to a winning start at the weekend with a 2-0 triumph at Stocksbridge Park Steels .
But Steelmen boss Bell believes their team are capable of picking up another good result .
“ We are feeling confident , ” they said .
“ We know it is going to be a tough test for us . Spalding started with a good win away from home and they were in the play-off final last season .
Jack McGovern was all smiles after they grabbed their first goal in Corby Town colours on the first day of the season
“ So we will be ready for a difficult game but if we perform to our capabilities like we did on Saturday then we will give ourselves a good chance . ”
Bell , meanwhile , paid tribute to striker Sam Mulready who took their good form in pre-season into the opening league game .
Having found the net seven times in the build-up , the summer signing struck twice in Saturday 's opener while captain Kern Miller , recent arrival Jack McGovern and Jordon Crawford also got on the scoresheet .
“ Sam was superb for us all the way through pre-season , they have always looked likely to score goals , ” Bell added .
“ And it was great to see them take it into the first day of the season .
“ He was outstanding all game , they were a real threat and if there is one criticism , then it is that they probably could have had a hat-trick . ”
Arizona 's Crypto Tax Payments Bill Clears Hurdle
Arizona 's revamped cryptocurrency tax bill was approved by a key committee on Monday .
Do you have something awesome to share with the world ? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer ? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @ NigeriaTodayNG
Also , Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from CoinDesk . Click here to read the full text on the original website .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Morrinsville gunman Rollie James Heke has slipped out of the grasp of Waikato Police in a dramatic standoff tonight .
Heke was named today as the man wanted on suspicion of opening fire at police just after midnight on Sunday morning on rural Kuranui Rd after a police chase .
Police warned today that the 36-year-old was likely armed and dangerous , and had several warrants to arrest for methamphetamine-related offences and breaching bail .
After a manhunt involving around 30 staff , including the Armed Offenders Squad , it appeared Heke had been cornered tonight at one of two houses on Studholme St in Morrinsville .
Advertisement
Members of the public wrapped in dressing gowns and blankets stood at the edges of a police cordon , watching the standoff unfold over several hours .
Street lights were turned off next to the houses to give police more cover as they ran toward the properties .
Police fired some 20 canisters of tear gas into the houses and urged Heke via loudhailer to hand themselves in , yelling `` Come out now , you wo n't be harmed '' .
AOS began a search of the first home , which came up empty around 9pm .
An hour later the second had also been searched and nobody was found . Police were relaxed and chatting with firefighters and the public as word filtered out that Heke was not in the house .
Alleged gunman Rollie Heke remains on the loose after police spent the evening in a standoff at two properties on Morrinsville 's Studholme St. Photo/Supplied Alleged gunman Rollie Heke remains on the loose after police spent the evening in a standoff at two properties on Morrinsville 's Studholme St. Photo/Supplied
At 11pm police released a statement confirming they had searched the property and had not found Heke . The cordons were being removed .
Detectives are now at the property as police say they are continuing their search for Heke .
`` A guard remains at the property and a search of the address will continue tomorrow for evidence in relation to the firearms incident , '' the statement said .
Police reiterated that Heke is believed to be armed and dangerous and should not be approached .
The 36-year-old featured on Police 10-7 in March this year after they cut off their electronic monitoring bracelet and went on the run .
Police at the time said they had a warrant to arrest for charges including importing methamphetamine , and warned not to approach them as they were considered dangerous .
Firefighters wait at a cordon at the intersection of Cureton St and Studholme St in Morrinsville after it was thought Rollie Heke was cornered . Firefighters wait at a cordon at the intersection of Cureton St and Studholme St in Morrinsville after it was thought Rollie Heke was cornered .
They also featured on the TV show in 2016 after they breached their bail conditions . They were described as 6ft ( 183cm ) and of medium build .
They were among a group of Rimutaka Prison inmates charged with conspiring to import methamphetamine in 2014 .
Police asked anyone who saw Heke or knew where they were to call 111 immediately .
`` Police would like to remind anyone who is assisting Heke to avoid apprehension that they are committing a criminal offence and could face charges themselves . ''
Anyone with information on Heke 's whereabouts is asked to contact Waikato Police on ( 07 ) 858 6200 or report anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 .
Each June at the Laguna Blanca School commencement ceremonies , the most distinguished honor for a member of the faculty is presented — the Faculty Excellence Award . This year 's recipient , math instructor Dan Ary , is regularly mentioned by departing seniors and alumni as one of the most influential faculty members with whom they have enjoyed interacting .
Ary earned their master 's degree in math from UC Santa Barbara in 1976 , and has been teaching all levels of high school math at Laguna Blanca since 1992 .
Prior to their teaching career , Ary was the corporate director of computer services of General Research Corp. for 18 years . They started as a math volunteer at Laguna Blanca when their young daughter , Kelly , class of 1998 ( a Laguna Blanca student from kindergarten through 12th grade , also known as a “ Laguna lifer ” ) , was attending the school . Kelly continues the family tradition , and has been teaching math locally for the past seven years .
Ary has also been a math instructor at Santa Barbara City College for 10 years , teaching everything from basic algebra to calculus .
“ Mr . Ary keeps us engaged and they have this innate ability to know if you 're not getting it , ” said rising junior Stephen McCaffery , who is currently taking Ary 's summer SAT Math Prep course . “ He makes every effort to make sure you really understand the concepts . ”
During the award presentation , it was noted that Ary meets all the prerequisites and considerations for the award , which include excellent teaching and professionalism , the ability to contribute to Laguna Blanca program enhancement , engaging in the wider Santa Barbara community to support the mission of the school , consistently working with students outside of class time , and being a magnet for positive student interactions .
This annual award , generously endowed by Marilyn and Steven Gutsche ( parents of Laguna alumni Daniel , class of 2008 , and Taylor , class of 2005 ) , includes a cash stipend , as well as professional development funds that can be used for workshops , conferences , and teaching materials or equipment .
Laguna Blanca School is a K-12 co-educational , college preparatory day school . It guides students to greater heights by building upon the 80-year tradition of academic excellence with new and innovative teaching methods and programs . With the thriving global studies program , resourceful iPad initiative , competitive Condor League athletics , and the state-of-the-art academic research center , the School continues to broaden and enrich our students ' educational experience . Click here for more information .
— Jennifer Guess is a publicist representing Laguna Blanca School .
Visitor restrictions remain in place at the Mercy University Hospital in Cork as people continue to present at the hospital 's emergency department with influenza and other respiratory conditions .
The restrictions were introduced on New Year 's Eve in response to an increase in admissions through the hospital 's emergency department .
“ As the high incidence of presentations at the emergency department continued overnight hospital management again appealed to people with flu-like symptoms to telephone or visit their GP or South Doc , in the first instance , rather than presenting at the hospital 's emergency department . ”
The hospital has also appealed to members of the public to only visit the hospital if it is absolutely necessary and not to visit if they have had flu-like symptoms in the previous four days in a bid to try and curb the spread of infection .
Visiting is restricted to all areas except for critically ill patients , who are limited to two visitors at any one time , and children whose parents and grandparents may visit them in St. Anne 's ward . Only two visitors are allowed per bed at any one time , said the spokesperson .
Meanwhile Cork University Hospital is also urging members of the public to avail of alternatives such as SouthDoc GP service or the Urgent Care Centre in Gurranebraher as it strives to deal with an upsurge in presentations at its emergency department .
“ Cork University Hospital continues to experience very high demand for services and emergency care . Since Christmas Day there have been 1,365 Emergency Department attendances , 501 admissions and 361 ambulance presentations .
“ In addition , there are 16 beds closed due to Infection Control procedures to deal with large number of patients with Norovirus . We are working in close cooperation with our sister hospital , Mercy University Hospital , to manage the surge in demand , ” hospital management said in a statement .
If you cum or release too quickly in bed , then you will find this tips I will share in this article really helpful I kno ...
Volvo Ocean Race organisers have confirmed that the 2021 edition will be held in IMOCA 60 designs . We spoke to sailors and team organisers about what a change of class might mean for the race :
After months of speculation – Yachting World broke the story than the IMOCA 60 class were in the final stages of negotiation with the Volvo Ocean Race back in April – organisers have confirmed that the next edition of the crewed multi-stage round the world race will take place in IMOCA 60 class yachts .
In the very final days of the race , a confidential Educational Session for interested parties was held around the IMOCA Class Rules in The Hague last week . The announcement was only publically confirmed yesterday , after the prizegivings for the 2017-18 event had been held and the Volvo Ocean Race teams and sponsors dispersed .
At the session , sailors and team managers from the most recent Volvo Ocean Race and IMOCA events , along with yacht designers currently involved in construction of new IMOCA Class boats such as Guillaume Verdier and Juan Kouyoumdjian , discussed the changes .
“ This is a first step of many in preparing for the next edition of the race in 2021 , ” said Johan Salén , co-President of the race . “ There is an ongoing co-operation process to put in place the elements we need to make the next race a success from a sporting and business point of view .
“ This is a complex matter with many perspectives , and we are respectfully welcoming continuous input from all key stakeholders , from World Sailing to individual sailors , teams and partners . We are confident that this is the right way forward . ”
Organisers are certainly likely to receive plenty of input – during my visit to the last stage of the Volvo Ocean Race , before the announcement was made , I spoke to numerous sailors about the possible choices of boat for future editions of the race and found almost no consensus .
Team Brunel skipper and eight-time race expert Bouwe Bekking was a big proponent of the IMOCA 60 plan . Peter Burling , helmsman on Brunel , speculated : “ I 'm not sure if the exact IMOCA rule would work well for the Volvo , maybe a variant of that rule . For me it 's just got to be fast and modern , and I think they 've got to make the race shorter as well . ”
David Witt , skipper of Sun Hung Kai Scallywag , told me : “ I think the IMOCA 60 would be a mistake . I have a feeling their [ organisers ' ] motive is to try and get the Hugo Bosses and big corporates to come in from the Vendée Globe. ” Witt was concerned the move might make the Volvo Ocean Race a second-tier event in the IMOCA calendar to the single-handed Vendée Globe .
Chris Nicholson , watch captain on Team AkzoNobel and a veteran of six Whitbread/Volvo races , supported using the one-design 65s again . They were among those that raised concerns about the robustness of the existing IMOCA design .
“ A current IMOCA boat wo n't handle a crew of four or five , so that has to be a complete structural redesign , ” Nicholson said . “ I would n't sail around the world in an IMOCA boat with five of us Volvo-type sailors . If you had a race like we 've just had , I do n't believe it would handle it . ”
Bruno Dubois , team manager for winners Dongfeng Race Team , felt that the race needed to modernise : “ I think if we go with a boat with no foils we are in the Stone Age , ” they said .
“ We have to be at the forefront of what 's going on . I think IMOCA are strong boats , they would have to be modified to sail with crew , but it is a way to go to get development. ” Dubois also suggested using the 65s as a ‘ B ' fleet , restricted by a gender , age or nationality rule . The future of the Volvo 65s is yet to be announced .
In yesterday 's press release , organisers say a joint committee is being formed to draft a specific section of the IMOCA class rules for a crewed IMOCA 60 , “ respecting the spirit and intent of the partnership , which includes cost control , security and sporting fairness ” .
The committee will have to consider factors such as whether any more components are made one-design to reduce costs , and any necessary structural modifications to ensure the boats ' reliability – many have speculated that the race could once again be dominated by rig failures , after just two rig breakages in 14 circumnavigations by the robustly over-built 65s across the last two editions of the race .
Critically , the rule relating to crew numbers on board the IMOCA class is still to be determined and among the items under consideration . Organisers say they have “ the goal of retaining an Onboard Reporter role ” .
One issue with the IMOCA 60 plan is that it is likely to greatly reduce the number of crew racing at any one time – although sailors may be rotated in a squad . This could put one of the biggest legacies of this race , the gender crew rule that saw 23 women sailors racing in mixed crews , in jeopardy , although organisers have said it is a trend they hope to continue .
“ Moving the race into foiling monohulls under the IMOCA class will motivate more sailors , teams and the wider marine industry to prepare for the next edition , ” Salén commented in the press release . “ Partnering with the existing IMOCA infrastructure means the professional offshore sailing calendar becomes more unified and efficient , this helps the sport as a whole and helps to build a sustainable business model for teams and sailors . ”
Part of this plan is likely to involve extending the calendar of events beyond a single round the world race every three or four years . “ It has been quite difficult , and also not sustainable , to build a boat that is not very well adapted to use for other events , ” Salén told me by phone before the announcement .
“ So we are trying to get more continuity for the teams . To achieve that the IMOCA class is a very attractive option because there is so much in place already . The teams can go to a sponsor with an agenda with events every year and a four-year cycle , much more continuity and a much better resale value for the boats . ”
Salén says they are considering options that include a round Europe race to cover key sponsorship markets , as well as ocean courses , such as a transatlantic , but the current IMOCA calendar is governed by the next Vendée Globe , starting in November 2020 .
Winning skipper Charles Caudrelier of Dongfeng Race Team has competed in the IMOCA class previously . “ This change is very exciting , ” Caudrelier said in the event press release . “ The Open 60s are just amazing boats . I really enjoy sailing on these boats and I think when people see it , they will enjoy it . If the two best offshore races in the world are going to join the same class , to me it 's good news . ”
“ I think as a sailor , this is very exciting , ” said Bekking . “ For the younger generation of sailors , they 're all about foiling and surfing and going fast and you have to get the best sailors involved in the race . With the Open 60s , they 've nailed it , because this is what the sailors want . ”
“ We 're trying to make a boat for the future that is capable of doing both short-handed and fully-crewed races , ” said the highly successful IMOCA designer Guillaume Verdier . “ My opinion is that it is doable with a bit of compromise from both worlds to meet in the middle . ”
“ The process is just starting , ” said Nick Bice , who is leading the project to develop the Open 60 rule for the next race . “ We 'll forward everyone 's input to the joint committee and get started on developing the rules that will be used for Open 60s to participate in the next race . Our goal is to have this ready to go by the end of the year . ”
We look at more of the questions surrounding the future of the race , including opportunities for female crew and possible future routes , in the August issue of Yachting World , out on Thursday 5thJuly . We also have a personal account from Dongfeng Race Team 's skipper Charles Caudrelier and shoreside navigator Marcel Van Triest of how the final leg and overall race was won .
Last week , two scientific discoveries caught my attention .
The first was the potential discovery of particles that can travel faster than the speed of light . The news hit Twitter like a train hitting a watermelon truck .
Now I 'm not a physicist , but if I were , I think this discovery might give me some fits . The findings shake the foundation of the “ Standard Model ” of physics , a foundation poured with Einsteinian concrete . In that model , the speed of light is a “ cosmic constant ” and nothing can travel faster .
Some physicist must feel a bit like the captain of the Titanic . The indestructible ship just might be sinking . But there is hope for science fiction enthusiasts . The discovery would seem to open the door to the possibility of time travel . I have a small bag packed .
While the possibility of time travel is appealing , I do have some concern about scientists playing with the big picture . I look at the Large Hadron Collider in Switzerland warily , certain it has the potential to take us out in a “ death-star-like ” fireworks show . I also imagine scientists sitting in their lab and making a discovery so spectacular that the entire universe crumbles in a Matrix-like apocalypse .
For now I will have to be content waiting on the sideline , powerless and paralyzed . This science is far beyond my comprehension and expertise . If you ever do find yourself consumed in a brilliant flash of light , I promise not to say I told you so .
The second discovery is much more practical but equally astounding . Scientists at UC Berkeley 's Gallant Lab have successfully reconstructed clips of movies by monitoring the subject 's brain activity . The images are far from detailed but they are shockingly similar . I would guess they appear much the same as those of the first television transmissions .
The implications for medicine are weighty . Imagine being able to see into the mind of a comatose patient or a stroke victim who has lost the ability to speak . This technology , when developed , has the potential to do just that .
The implications for research are equally astounding . Picture the breakthroughs in Alzheimer 's detection and cures that could be achieved . The same can be said for Parkinson 's disease and mental illness . Taking it to the extreme , an entire mind could be captured , saved and utilized for posterity . Oh , to access Michelangelo 's brain .
There are other more practical implications , of course . The technology would certainly bring the science of lie detection to more reliable conclusions . Mind reading would be as simple as placing sensors in the right configuration . Jealous husbands and wives could clandestinely place sensors on their unsuspecting , sleeping spouse and take a look around .
The entertainment value of such technology is limitless . Given the dreams I have , I could be entertained for hours each day reviewing them . Exploring others ' dreams would be even more amusing . We can say goodbye to television and Netflix and just enjoy the oddities and eccentricities of our own imaginations . But I have to wonder if there will be commercials .
Standing in middle age , I am awestruck by such advances in technology and science . Today 's young people will experience a world I ca n't even imagine . I do like trying , though , and in so doing , attempt to create a world and universe worthy of their hopes and aspirations . Discoveries like these make such imaginings possible and even , I believe , probable .
— Tim Durnin is a father and husband . They can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) for comments , discussion , criticism , suggestions and story ideas .
The Last Chapter : Keyla Shepard
Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute ... we 're trying to find some more stories you might like .
Close
Close Modal Window Email This Story Sends email to this address
Enter Your Name
Add a comment here
Verification
Send Email Cancel
It was in the sixth grade when my teachers were getting my mind ready for my future and what I wanted to be when I grew up . At the time , I was unsure of what I wanted my career to be , but I knew right off the bat that I did not want to become a doctor , lawyer or even the President of the U.S . I knew I wanted to do something related to the arts , whether it be visual or performing . After reading the book “ Razzel ” by Ellen Wittlinger , I started to have a love for photography .
Of course , there were other things I was interested in career-wise , but photography spoke to me the most . My middle school did not offer art or photography classes , so I did not take my first photography class until I entered high school . When doing research on photography , I was introduced to so many different types of photography . Through my research , I have learned that there is a lot more to photography than just the clicking a button .
After taking photography courses at FMU , I have a much better understanding of the world of photography and art in general . One main thing I have learned with all of the courses I have taken while at FMU is that I can not possibly learn everything I need to know for a certain class within a semester or even a year . Six courses on photography hardly covers everything I need to know about the subject . There is still a lot more for me to learn . When entering college , the goal is to graduate within four years , but that honestly is not always enough . That is just enough time to complete the classes that are offered .
When I started attending FMU , I did not want to only take classes . I wanted to get involved in organizations on campus and meet new people along the way . I started working for the student newspaper my junior year in college . When I first started off photographing for “ The Patriot , ” I was excited to finally get paid to do what I love . Being a part of the student newspaper has given me a lot of opportunities to get involved in events on campus and meet new people .
Photography is quite an amazing field to me , but there are some downfalls to being an art major . By majoring in art , I have learned that not everyone is going to be supportive of what I want to do with my life . People have tried to change my mind and convince me to take up other majors , but changing my major was something I would not do .
Even today , many people wonder why I am focusing on photography instead of something that will allow me to earn a lot of money . It 's not about the money for me . With my years of college , I have learned that I have to go my own way . There will be people along the way to help me , but I have to live my own life and not let someone else live it for me . I can not change my mind and goals based off of others ' opinions . Everyone has their or their own opinion of things . I ca n't please everyone . This is something that all students should keep in mind . With that statement , I say farewell , keep your heads held high and live life with no regrets .
Cinderella 's lead singer Tom Kiefer
at BMI Speedway
Tom Keifer is nobody 's fool . Photo : William Greenberg .
By Dave Gil de Rubio
It may be 30-plus years since Cinderella 's 1986 debut album , Night Songs , was released , but founding member/frontman Tom Keifer has n't let their passion for making music flag one bit . And he 'll be bringing the noise to BMI Speedway on June 2nd .
While the days with their old band came to an end in 2012 due to circumstances Keifer would rather not discuss ( “ I 've moved on and I wish everybody well of course . I 'm happy where I 'm at and this is where I 'm staying . I do n't ever delve into the details of what the issues are. ” ) , he 's been busy promoting their 2013 solo debut , The Way Life Goes , which was reissued as a deluxe edition last year . Two bonus cuts are studio versions of songs that Keifer has been performing with Halestorm singer Lzzy Hale—a cover of “ With a Little Help From My Friends ” and a duet on the Cinderella standard “ Nobody 's Fool , ” both produced by Vance Powell ( Chris Stapleton , Jack White ) .
While lazy critics and fans were quick to label Keifer 's old band as being a hair-metal outfit , the band 's roots were in hard rock informed by blues , country and gospel , the cornerstones of American roots music . As such , fans coming out to see Keifer can expect plenty of that and more .
“ It 's a big , loud rock show . There 'll be all the Cinderella faves and hits that everyone would want to hear , along with songs from ‘ The Way Life Goes , ' ” they said . “ It 's a high-energy rock show with lots of peaks and valleys in the show that I really love . ”
Keifer 's love of music goes back to their childhood . Inspired by seeing The Beatles on “ The Ed Sullivan Show ” and the songcraft they heard from the Monkees on their self-titled television show , Keifer started playing guitar when they were eight . By the time they were in high school , the Pennsylvania native was playing the South Jersey cover band circuit .
Around the time Keifer decided to start doing their own material , an early version of Cinderella came together circa 1982 . The usual education at the school of hard knocks ensued before Jon Bon Jovi wandered into the Empire Rock Club around the time that group 's Slippery When Wet album was blowing up and told Mercury Records about this new band he 'd discovered . That 's when Keifer 's prospects changed .
Cinderella went on to enjoy about five years of commercial success before the combination of grunge 's ascension and a vocal cord paralysis diagnosis for Keifer did a number on the band . The vocalist soldiered on and sang to the best of their ability while seeking out different types of treatment , but it was n't until 2009 that their work with vocal coach Ron Anderson helped them manage the situation .
“ The last coach I worked with was Ron Anderson , who taught the classical or opera-style of support for the voice . They really put it all together for me and really saved me , ” Keifer explained . “ It 's not a cure , because there is n't a cure for what I have . What I have is partial paralysis of a vocal cord , so there is not a medicine or a surgery that can
fix that .
“ It 's taken me decades—it 's like two steps forward and three back . I worked with Ron in 2009 for the first time and as each year and tour passes , it 's just been getting stronger and stronger and stronger , ” they said . “ That 's just learning how to maximize what 's there . The surgeries I 've had are not to deal with the root problem , but to repair injuries that I 've had because I have a weakness . It 's like running on a sprained leg . ”
For now , Keifer is looking to the future , working on new songs and looking to have a new record out either in late 2018 or early next year . And through it all , the guitar-playing singer-songwriter will continue to cling to the best piece of advice he 's ever heard—to be true to himself , a lesson they learned early on after Cinderella was initially signed .
“ Usually people ask what advice I would give an up-and-coming artist and what I usually say is to be yourself and to be true to yourself . It was something my first publicist at Mercury , Sherry Ring , told me when I did my first interview , ” they recalled . “ I had never done interviews before and they could see I was pretty stressed . They said that the best thing I could do was be myself . That 's always stuck with me . They were talking more about the interview side of it , but I think that applies to music too . You play what 's in your heart , be yourself and be true to your art . That applies to interviews , to your music and everything . Do n't chase trends or try to be someone else . ”
Tom Keifer will be appearing at BMI Speedway on Saturday , June 2 . Doors open early at 5 p.m. with the show starting at 6 p.m. with special guest 2×2 . General admission tickets are $ 25 , $ 35 day of show . For more information , visit tomkeifer.com or bmikarts.com
By Samantha Schmidt
Kim Wall has reported from the depths of postwar Sri Lanka and from the capital of North Korea . While covering climate change in the Marshall Islands , they were quarantined and tested for exposure to radiation .
The 30-year-old freelance journalist , based in New York and China , is known among their friends as an intrepid reporter , skilled at exploring hard-hitting topics in obscure and , at times , dangerous locations .
One of the last known images of Swedish journalist Kim Wall , standing in the tower of the private submarine UC3 Nautilus on August 10 , 2017 in Copenhagen Harbour . Photo / AFP One of the last known images of Swedish journalist Kim Wall , standing in the tower of the private submarine UC3 Nautilus on August 10 , 2017 in Copenhagen Harbour . Photo / AFP
So to their loved ones , a reporting trip off the coast of Denmark appeared to be a relatively safe destination . It was , after all , less than 50km from their Swedish hometown and in a country that ranks among the world 's safest .
Advertisement
But on this trip , aboard a submarine , Wall vanished late last week .
They were last seen Thursday , departing from Copenhagen on the vessel with its owner , a Danish inventor and amateur rocket builder named Peter Madsen , 46 . According to their family , Wall was working on a story about Madsen , who is well known in Denmark for using crowdfunding to build submarines and rockets .
The last known photographs of the 30-year-old Swede show them standing in the vessel 's tower with Madsen , looking out to sea .
Copenhagen police have arrested Madsen and detained them on a charge of involuntary manslaughter , although no body has been found , according to a police news release . As the search for Wall continues , police also said they would like to talk with anyone who may have seen them leave the submarine .
Police say Madsen deliberately sank the submarine on Friday , when they were plucked from Koge Bay . Officials lifted the vessel out of the bay , where it had sunk 7m .
`` The sub has been searched and there is nobody on board - neither dead nor alive , '' Copenhagen police homicide chief Jens Moller told reporters at a news conference .
This is a April 30 2008 file photo of submarine owner Peter Madsen . The UC3 Nautalus has been recovered after sinking . Photo / AP This is a April 30 2008 file photo of submarine owner Peter Madsen . The UC3 Nautalus has been recovered after sinking . Photo / AP
Madsen has denied the charge , saying they dropped Wall off in the harbour of Copenhagen late Thursday after they completed their reporting . Madsen has since changed their story , police said on Sunday , but declined to explain further .
Madsen 's defence lawyer , Bettina Hald Engmark , told the Associated Press their client is `` willing to cooperate '' and has n't decided whether to appeal the ruling on their detention . After a two-hour private hearing on Saturday , a judge ordered that Madsen be held for 24 days while police continue investigating .
Police had been searching for the submarine , named the UC3 Nautilus , since Friday morning , when Wall 's boyfriend reported that they had not returned to Copenhagen on Thursday night as planned .
Madsen , who is the co-founder of Copenhagen Suborbitals , a collective of amateur rocket builders , was taken into custody on Friday night and questioned for several hours .
Boat owner Krisitan Isbak told a Danish news outlet that they spotted the submarine , and Madsen in the vessel 's tower , after authorities asked for help in the search . They saw Madsen go into the submarine and reemerge shortly after . Then the vessel began to sink , they said .
`` There was no panic at all , '' Isbak said . `` The man was absolutely calm . ''
An April 2008 photo of submarine owner Peter Madsen , who is being held on a charge of involuntary manslaughter . Photo / AP An April 2008 photo of submarine owner Peter Madsen , who is being held on a charge of involuntary manslaughter . Photo / AP
Isbak described the scene further to the AP , saying : `` There was then some kind of air flow coming up and the submarine started to sink . ''
Madsen stayed in the tower until water began pouring into it . As the boat sank , they swam to a nearby boat , Isbak told the AP .
Madsen claimed on Danish television station TV2 the submarine sank after `` a minor problem with a ballast tank '' , which holds water to provide stability , `` turned into a major issue '' .
`` It took about 30 seconds for Nautilus to sink , and I could n't close any hatches or anything , '' Madsen told the station . `` But I guess that was pretty good because I otherwise still would have been down there . ''
Swedish newspaper Aftonbladet reported a dockworker claimed to have witnessed Madsen 's submarine sailing with its lights off late last Thursday night , when Wall vanished .
`` It was extremely close to a collision , '' they told Swedish news site Aftonbladet .
`` The submarine crossed the fairway , only 30m from us . ''
The worker said that they saw the vessel almost collide with a much larger merchant ship at about midnight .
Wall 's family declined to speak in detail about their disappearance . But their mother told the Washington Post , `` we still hope for their safe return '' .
Swedish journalist Kim Wall . Photo / twitter.com/kimw4ll Swedish journalist Kim Wall . Photo / twitter.com/kimw4ll
`` It is with a great concern that we , their family , received the news that Kim is missing after an interview with Peter Madsen in Denmark , '' the family wrote to the Committee to Protect Journalists . `` We sincerely hope that they will be found and that they are well . ''
Wall 's disappearance resonated among journalists around the world , with many of them sharing the news across social media over the weekend . Them reporting covered topics such as identity , gender , pop-culture , social justice and foreign policy , and their work has appeared in Harpers , the Guardian , the New York Times , Foreign Policy , the Atlantic , and many other publications .
A native of Malmo , Sweden , Wall graduated from Columbia University with masters degrees in journalism and international affairs . They received a bachelor 's degree from the London School of Economics and Political Science .
The International Women 's Media Foundation described them as a `` beloved member '' of its community and said it was `` enormously concerned '' about their disappearance .
`` We ask that the Danish authorities urgently make every effort to locate Kim and provide everyone who loves them with more information , '' the organisation wrote . `` The global press freedom community is united in standing with Kim , their family and colleagues . ''
The Committee to Protect Journalists called for an exhaustive inquiry into Wall 's `` fate and wherabouts '' .
`` Denmark should not be considered a dangerous assignment for journalists , '' wrote Nina Ognianova , the group 's Europe and Central Asia programme coordinator .
J'13 MS grad Kim Wall missing after 60-foot sub sinks . Update : Danish authorities say sub was deliberately sunk ; http : //www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-40916787 Posted by Columbia Journalism School on Saturday , 12 August 2017
Christopher Harress‏ , a reporter for AL.com based in Alabama , told the Washington Post they became good friends with Wall while attending Columbia University with them They were in all of their classes , they said .
After they graduated in 2013 , Wall 's peers admired their decision to pursue a career as an independent journalist , move to China and chase stories around the world . They often relied on grants to fund their reporting trips .
`` She did it all , '' Harress said . `` She 'd been to all these different dangerous places . ''
So when Harress and Wall 's other classmates heard Wall was missing , they initially presumed they may have simply wandered off to pursue a story on an island .
But as the news reports took a more ominous turn , their friends became increasingly worried .
`` I think we just fear the worst now , '' Harress said . `` She trusted somebody and then this is what happened . ''
They said their disappearance has `` shaken up '' many of Wall 's friends and fellow journalists , and has `` tested a lot of our perceptions of what can happen to someone in certain places '' .
`` You can go to Africa and be perfectly safe and then go to one of the safest places in Europe , '' and this happens , they said .
San Antonio police investigators surround a Dodge Charger in the parking lot of AllStars Gentleman 's Club , where an off-duty police officer was shot six times after a road rage incident . WOAI Video screenshot
This is a `` How it works '' video of 'the BackSeat ' app . A few of the key features are reviewed here . There are several more settings within the app as well as the app being customize-able based on your lifestyle .
ROCK SPRINGS — Riley Skorcz and Hannah Sparks did n't let their status as sophomores hold them back in public forum debate during the 2016-2017 season .
These two underclassmen qualified for the National Speech and Debate Association National Tournament in Birmingham , Alabama June 18-23 .
Not content with that impressive accomplishment , they went on to tie for the most wins among Wyoming public forum debate teams competing at the tournament .
“ Nationals was a life-changing experience , and I ca n't wait to bring back the things I learned to help this year 's team , ” said Skorcz .
Skorcz and Sparks were not alone in holding their own at the world 's largest academic competition .
Austin Griffith , Spencer MacLellan , CeeJay Berg , Ian Fletcher , Liz Chollak , and Brody White also piled up competitive scores , with Berg and Griffith coming within a few points of breaking into elimination rounds .
Perhaps more valuable than good performances , the team had the opportunity to watch the best competition in the country up close and personal .
“ It 's different seeing a national championship performance in person than it is watching it on a video . We watched every finals round and learned from the best of the best . Seven of our eight national qualifiers are returning to the team this season and will share a wealth of new knowledge with their teammates . Even Austin , who now competes for WWCC , has joined us as a coach , ” said Head Coach Stephanie Cozzens .
Last year 's squad brought home a third place finish from the state tournament . While a repeat top three finish would be exciting , the broader goal is to build a strong foundation of hard work , positive team culture , and academic rigor .
“ Our purpose is so much bigger than winning trophies . Appreciation for literature , social awareness , reading comprehension skills , critical thinking , knowledge of current events , and of course , communication , are the real reasons we do this activity , ” said Cozzens .
The team has already started work on the 2017-2018 season . Students who are interested in joining the team are encouraged to listen for announcements about the official start of practices or ask a team member .
Police are hunting masked men who burst in on a couple while they were watching TV and stole cash and jewellery .
The couple were forced to stay in their living room on Saturday 30 September while the theives searched their house .
The incident occurred about 8.15pm in Hamilton Close in Worthing .
When the men left , cash and jewellery - the latter of particular sentimental value - were found to have been stolen . The couple , in their 70s , were shaken but unhurt , police say .
All the intruders were described as white , in their mid-20s , all clean shaven , all with short brown hair and between 5ft 9ins and 5ft 10ins tall .
One had blue eyes and was wearing a baseball cap and grey anorak .
A second was also wearing a baseball cap , bearing an NYC logo , and a dark scarf covering the lower part of theirs face .
The third man wore a red and yellow mask or scarf over their face and was carrying a large Stanley screwdriver with a yellow and black handle .
Detective Constable Jo Duncan , of Worthing Investigations , said : “ Officers searched the area and carried out house-to-house enquiries .
“ Although this is thought to have been an isolated incident , patrols are continuing . ”
Anyone who saw or heard anything suspicious in the area on Saturday evening , or who may have other information of help to detectives , is asked to report details online or to phone 101 , quoting serial 1241 of 30/09 .
Alternatively please visit the Crimestoppers website or contact the independent charity anonymously on 0800 555 111 .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — President Donald Trump says OPEC is `` doing little to help '' rising gas prices and claims `` if anything , they are driving prices higher . ''
Trump tweeted Wednesday : `` The OPEC Monopoly must remember that gas prices are up & they are doing little to help . If anything , they are driving prices higher as the United States defends many of their members for very little $ 's . This must be a two way street . REDUCE PRICING NOW ! ''
Last month , members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries cartel agreed to pump 1 million barrels more crude oil daily , a move that should help contain the recent rise in global energy prices . However , summer months in the U.S. usually lead to increased demand for oil , boosting the price of gasoline in a midterm election year .
Christchurch 's multi-million dollar Taiora QEII sports facility will officially open this afternoon .
The $ 38 million project began in January last year with the hopes of being open for Queen 's Birthday Weekend .
Attractions include lane and leisure pools , a hydro slide , lazy river , cafe and gym .
Operations manager , Nigel Cox , says they 're expecting thousands of people this afternoon and will be open late to cater for the masses .
Arrests
6/5 at 7:14 a.m. Jennifer L. Craun , 47 , of Common Way , Buxton , was arrested on U.S. Route 1 by Officer Aaron J. Erickson on a charge of operating without a license .
6/6 at 1:53 a.m. James R. Murray , 42 , of West Grand Avenue , Old Orchard Beach , was arrested on U.S. Route 1 by Officer Lydia Ruetty on an outstanding warrant from another agency , and charges of operating after habitual offender license revocation , illegal attachment of license plates and being a fugitive from justice .
6/7 at 5:55 p.m. Corey W. Shepard , 26 , of Devon Street , Portland , was arrested at Payne and Gorham roads by Officer Michael Thurlow on an outstanding warrant from another agency .
6/9 at 1:43 p.m. Cindi Ingersoll , 44 , of Jones Creek Drive , was arrested on Jones Creek Road by Officer Michael Thurlow on a charge of domestic violence assault .
6/10 at 9:29 a.m. Cece R. Cochran , 39 , of Broadway , South Portland , was arrested at Black Point Road and Winnocks Neck Road by Officer Brian Nappi on an outstanding warrant from another agency .
6/10 at 9:37 a.m. Michael J. Tosi , 34 , of South Street , Biddeford , was arrested on U.S. Route 1 by Officer Michael Beeler on an outstanding warrant from another agency , and charges of operating with a suspended or revoked license and violating conditions of release .
6/11 at 6:13 p.m. Jacob T. Constanty , 23 , of Sewall Street , Augusta , was arrested at U.S. Route 1 and Lucky Lane by Officer Michael Thurlow on a charge of operating under the influence .
Summonses
6/5 at 6:53 a.m. Colleen J. Glennon , 26 of Main Street , South Berwick , was issued a summons on U.S. Route 1 by Officer Aaron J. Erickson on a charge of operating an unregistered vehicle for 150 days or more .
6/6 at 3:11 p.m. Allen G. Jenkins , 41 , of Knight Street , Westbrook , was issued a summons on Payne Road by Officer Travis Hon on a charge of theft by unauthorized taking .
6/9 at 12:11 a.m. Rey I. Mukendi , 30 , of Webster Street , Lewiston , was issued a summon on U.S. Route 1 by officer Aaron Erickson on a charge of operating without a license .
6/10 at 1:21 a.m. Nicolas W. Broadhurst , 26 , of Ash Swap Road , was issued a summons on Payne Road by Officer Melissa Diclemente on a charge of operating under the influence .
6/10 at 12:39 p.m. A 16-year-old male , of Scarborough , was issued a summons on Gallery Boulevard by Officer Shawn Anastasoff on a charge of theft by unauthorized taking .
Fire calls
6/5 at 9:48 a.m. Alarm call on Earles Way .
6/5 at 10:43 a.m. Alarm call on Municipal Drive .
6/6 at 6:13 p.m. Alarm call on Clearwater Drive .
6/6 at 6:48 a.m. Alarm call on Ridgeway Road .
6/6 at 1:35 p.m. Alarm call on Lincoln Avenue .
6/6 at 8:08 p.m. Fire on Foxcroft Drive .
6/7 at 7:59 a.m . Odor investigation on Pleasant Hill Drive .
6/8 at 7:56 a.m. Alarm call on Quentin Drive .
6/8 at 11:07 p.m. Alarm call on U.S. Route 1 .
6/10 at 7:57 a.m. Alarm call on East Grand Avenue .
6/10 at 3:52 p.m . Smoke odor investigation on Haigis Parkway .
6/10 at 10:45 p.m. Fire call on Gorham Road .
6/11 at 1:39 a.m . Smoke odor investigation on U.S. Route 1 .
6/11 at 2:04 p.m . Smoke odor investigation on Gallery Boulevard .
6/11 at 2:42 p.m. Alarm call on Spring Street .
6/11 at 11:59 p.m . Smoke odor investigation on Gorham Road .
EMS
Scarborough emergency medical services responded to 58 calls June 6-11 .
Conferenceseries Ltd invites you to the “ 13th International Conference on Tissue Engineering and Regenerative Medicine ” which will be held during July 12-13 , 2018 at Paris , France . This Conference mainly focuses on the theme “ Exploring New Ideas in regenerative medicine to treat degenerative diseases ” .
Mary Kills People
is an unlikely name for a show but , at the very least , there can be no confusion around what it 's about .
A woman called Mary kills people , and a New Zealand man called Jay Ryan plays one of their voluntary victims , in what 's being hailed at one of 2017 's best breakout series .
Kiwi fans will know Jay Ryan from comedy series Go Girls or Jane Campion 's Top of the Lake , but since they left here in 2012 to pursue acting in the US , he 's starred in a long-running and hugely successful teen sci-fi series on one of the biggest networks in the world .
Now however , he 's sinking their teeth into something a bit more substantial , like the topic of euthanasia .
Advertisement
× Kiwi actor Jay Ryan stars in new US TV show `` Mary Kills People '' . Photo / Supplied Kiwi actor Jay Ryan stars in new US TV show `` Mary Kills People '' . Photo / Supplied
It 's certainly timely . When Mary Kills started filming in Toronto last year , euthanasia had recently been legalised in Canada . And here in New Zealand , Act Party leader David Seymour 's voluntary euthanasia bill was pulled from the ballot just last week .
And , Jay Ryan adds : `` The judge [ Neil Gorsuch ] that Trump 's just brought in [ to the US Supreme Court ] is the kind of frontrunner against euthanasia . So it 's an interesting time for this show to come out , I think .
`` On top of that it is a really intriguing , entertaining watch , '' they say .
The six-part mini-series has a 100 per cent rating on review aggregate site Rotten Tomatoes with the Washington Post 's reviewer saying `` it had me hooked until the end '' and Variety calling it `` one of the most impressive debuts of the year '' , plus it 's officially been signed for a second season .
For a dark comedy about assisted suicide , this was a surprise .
`` We thought , 'how is this going to be perceived ? It could be quite polarising ' . But it has that dark comedic tone throughout , which makes it easier to digest ... that was one of the things that was lauded most by the critics ... the way the tone shifts so it 's not a depressing watch , it 's actually quite thrilling , '' Ryan says .
× Jay Ryan with Mary Kills People 's star Caroline Dhavernas . Photo / Supplied Jay Ryan with Mary Kills People 's star Caroline Dhavernas . Photo / Supplied
That , they say , and it leaves room for viewers to make their own minds up on the issue `` without shoving it down their throats '' .
Mary Kills is the brainchild of Tara Armstrong , who wrote the pilot episode while studying at the Canadian Film Centre and it was picked up as soon as they finished there .
Ryan credits that , combined with the fact that the show 's director - Holly Dale - and most of its writers and creative team are women , as what gives the show its `` fresh tone '' .
`` People are talking about [ having more women in the lead ] in the industry like , 'Yes this is what we should be doing ' , but this is actually one of the projects that has managed to pull it off and create something amazing , and successful and fresh , '' Ryan says .
The Mary Kills team approached Ryan for the part of Ben Wesley , based on their performance in Top of the Lake and , having spent the past four years playing a modernised `` beast '' in the CW 's Beauty and the Beast , Ryan jumped at the chance .
`` I was looking for something very different to sink my teeth into - something a bit more solid ... something a bit more grounded in reality and maybe with a bigger purpose than just entertaining people , '' they say .
× Kiwi actor Jay Ryan . Photo / Supplied Kiwi actor Jay Ryan . Photo / Supplied
Although Ryan says they learned a lot , got their foot in the door and built a strong fan base , the gruelling filming schedule , publicity requirements and questionable writing tipped the balance .
`` You never know what the ending is , '' they say . `` You never know what 's around the corner , whereas with things like Mary Kills ... you can see the overall story arc straight away so there 's no sudden surprises and everyone knows from day one what you 're actually making .
`` I feel like I 've done my dash . Now I 'm much more interested in working with creators who have that hands-on approach to crafting a story , as opposed to a big team of hired writers who are just there to spit scripts out on a deadline . ''
That is why Ryan 's next project is another six-part series , this one called Fighting Season , about the effects of the Afghanistan war on its Kiwi and Australian soldiers .
`` It 's a really strong project . It 's quite confronting but it 's also another piece that 's going to start a conversation . ''
It 's obvious that after five years in the States , Ryan is finally where they set out to reach when they left for Hollywood , so congratulations seem in order .
`` I 'm glad you 've got something solid to sink your teeth into , '' I say .
They laugh : `` Yeah , me too . ''
LOWDOWN
What : Mary Kills People
Who : Jay Ryan , Caroline Dhavernas , Richard Short , Lyriq Bent .
When/where : Season 1 available on Neon from June 20 .
An inferno which engulfed a tower block , killing at least 12 in what could become one of the biggest fire tragedies in British history , was a `` disaster waiting to happen '' , experts have said .
Fears were raised that green energy concerns were prioritised ahead of safety as it emerged that cladding used to make the building more sustainable could have accelerated the fire .
On Wednesday night , police confirmed 12 people had died following the blaze at Grenfell House in Kensington , west London , but they expected the death toll to rise .
Hundreds of the roughly 500 residents in the block were unaccounted for . Some estimated that the death toll could rise above 100 .
Advertisement
× Smoke and flames billow from a massive fire that raged in a 27-floor high-rise apartment building in London . Photo / AP Smoke and flames billow from a massive fire that raged in a 27-floor high-rise apartment building in London . Photo / AP
A total of 74 people were being treated in hospitals , with 20 of them in a critical condition after the fire , thought to have been sparked by a faulty refrigerator , started just after 1am on Wednesday and quickly spreading up the building .
There were fears children were among the dead as survivors told how they saw babies being thrown from windows in the hope that they could survive .
Residents knotted sheets together to make ropes in attempts to escape . Some tried to manufacture makeshift parachutes from bin bags and bedding and leap out of windows .
Many of those that survived only did so by ignoring official advice to stay in their rooms and close their front doors until the fire was over .
Mickey Paramasivan , 37 , said : `` There were explosions everywhere you looked , lots of bangs , blue gas coming out everywhere you looked .
`` About 12 floors up I saw three children waving from a window and then there was just an explosion and they disappeared .
`` They were three kids , they were banging on the windows , you could see their silhouettes and then bang , it just went up . ''
But as emergency services continued to search the 24-storey building for victims , there were claims that warnings about safety had been ignored .
Government ministers were warned about the fire risk of cladding as far back as 1999 , the Daily Telegraph can reveal .
It was installed on the council-owned Grenfell block in 2015 as part of a £10 million refurbishment by a company which was later liquidated after a firm they were working with refused to pay out in a dispute over their work .
Tens of thousands of buildings in the UK have been fitted with cladding , it is estimated , leading to calls for an immediate review of safety .
× Firefighters rest as they take a break . Photo / AP Firefighters rest as they take a break . Photo / AP
Experts said that the cladding - which is used to insulate the building - had acted like a `` chimney '' for the flames by allowing the fire to spread upwards through the gaps between the cladding and the building walls .
Residents had warned that the tower block was a `` catastrophe '' waiting to happen but their complaints `` fell on deaf ears '' , they said yesterday .
Reg Kerr-Bell , the former chairperson of the Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organisation ( KCTMO ) - the body which manages the building - said they stood down several years ago over safety concerns .
Just two days before the blaze , they had spoken to a former colleague about their fears .
Mr Kerr-Bell said : `` This is a scandal . This is one of the biggest scandals in the country - and it could have been avoided ...
`` We felt there was a disaster waiting to happen and we were going to have a meeting with the MP so that we could put these concerns to them . ''
Mike Penning , a former fire minister , called for an urgent review into the use of the insulation material .
They said : `` There has to be an urgent review into the use of cladding . We need to expedite this as far as possible - this cladding is used extensively in the UK and abroad . ''
Nick Hurd , the fire minister , said that checks are now being carried out on tower blocks that are going through a similar refurbishment process .
× Emergency services and the media at the scene . Photo / AP Emergency services and the media at the scene . Photo / AP
Matt Wrack , General Secretary of the Fire Brigades Union , said : `` I have never seen a fire that has engulfed an entire building like this in a career of more than 30 years . ''
Theresa May 's new chief of staff is facing questions over their role in a delayed fire safety review in the wake of the Grenfell Tower blaze .
Gavin Barwell , a former housing minister , has been accused of `` sitting on '' a review into building regulations at tower blocks after a deadly fire in South London in 2009 .
Dr Jim Glockling , Technical Director of the Fire Protection Association , said that they had been lobbying the Government to review the safety of combustible materials used on the outside of buildings since 2014 .
All fire safety regulations are focused on containing a fire within a building , but this can not happen if it is spreading along the outside .
`` There has been an emerging body of evidence surrounding some of the materials being used and now we have an appalling demonstration of what can happen , '' they said .
Alongside the cosmetic appeal of cladding , it is used as an insulation to make buildings more sustainable to meet green energy requirements .
`` It could be that this is the quest for sustainability trumping other concerns , '' Dr Glockling warned .
Matthew Needham-Laing , an architect who is head of construction at Katten Law UK , said that the first known cladding fire in the UK was in 1991 and there had been concerns over in the industry about its fire safety for a number of years .
× Smoke and flames rise from the building . Photo / AP Smoke and flames rise from the building . Photo / AP
They said : `` This is not a shock , the problems with cladding have been known about and talked about for a number of years and hopefully this will at least make people listen . ''
They said that some estimates were that 30,000 buildings had been fitted with cladding , which is a cheap way of making a building more sustainable without rebuilding it .
Senior Conservatives last night called for an urgent review .
It comes amid allegations of a litany of failings by Kensington and Chelsea council , who own the flats , and the Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organisation ( KCTMO ) who are paid £11 million to manage property for them .
Residents have been complaining for the past four years about fires safety in the flats , warning that there would be a `` catastrophe '' and demanding that action was taken and the management by the company was reviewed .
KCTMO was deseribed by residents groups as a `` mini-mafia '' as they lambasted the management of art school graduate Robert Black .
Further questions were raised yesterday Rydon Construction , the company contracted to carry out £10million refurbishment which was completed in March last year , appeared to change their statement about the tragedy .
× A person peers out of a window from a building on fire in London . Photo / AP A person peers out of a window from a building on fire in London . Photo / AP
Rydon released a statement saying it met all `` fire regulation and health and safety standards '' during the refurbishment in 2016 .
However a later statement omitted this line ans simply said the company had `` met all required building regulations '' .
The company paid £3million to install the cladding , Harley Curtain Wall Ltd , has since gone bust after one of their customers refused to pay them almost £500,000 for disputed work .
The director of the company , Ray Bailey , who has since started a new firm Harley Facades Limited , said that they had used a common Aluminium Composite Material ( ACM ) panels which are a commonly used product in the refurbishment industry .
The London Fire Brigade warned ministers that building regulations were not taking into account the vertical fire issues that cladding could cause in 1999 , warning that because of cladding regulations were `` inadequate '' .
Glyn Evans from the Fire Brigades Union told a Select Committee on Environment , Transport and Regional Affairs that after the Great Fire of London only horizontal fires were considered and `` we do not really recognise the problem of vertical envelopment . If you get multistorey buildings you will get fire spread up the outside if the cladding will permit it . ''
The Health and Safety Executive , the police and the fire service are now expected to launch a large-scale investigation into the safety of the building and whether regulations were complied with .
This article originially appeared on the Daily Telegraph .
By Ochuko Akuopha
OLEH – GOSPEL preacher , Evangelist Francis Owebor has said that President Muhammadu Buhari was on track to make Nigeria great , lamenting that their efforts were being frustrated by bad cabinet members surrounding him .
Owebor , in a statement , said : “ Buhari 's intention is to rid the country of corruption , ensure security of lives and properties , embark on people oriented projects , create employment for our youths , ensure payment of salaries of workers and pensioners .
“ Buhari means well for Nigeria and has the genuine intention of bringing the desired changes where the people will have the impact of good governance , but their cabinet members are dragging them back . ”
Decrying the incessant killings in some parts of the country , Owebor urged Buhari to declare a state of emergency in the troubled states .
“ To move the country forward , Buhari must listen to advice from leaders that have the interest of the country at heart and carry people along in decision making , ” the statement said .
As the country grapples with a national reckoning over sexual misconduct allegations against powerful men from Hollywood to Capitol Hill , three women who accused the most high-profile man in the country again questioned Monday why their claims did nothing to stop them from winning the presidency .
It was `` heartbreaking '' for women to go public with their claims against President Donald Trump last year , only to see them ascend to the Oval Office , said Samantha Holvey , a former Miss USA contestant who in October 2016 said Trump inappropriately inspected pageant participants .
`` I put myself out there for the entire , world and nobody cared , '' Holvey said on NBC 's Megyn Kelly Today show , appearing for an hour alongside Jessica Leeds , a New York woman who said Trump groped them on a plane , and Rachel Crooks , who said Trump kissed them on the lips after they introduced themselves to them at Trump Tower .
Trump has denied all of the allegations against him , which were made public after The Washington Post published an Access Hollywood recording of Trump boasting about grabbing women by the genitals in October 2016 . The White House 's position is that Trump 's accusers are lying and that the issue was settled when they were elected president after the stories emerged .
Advertisement
`` These false claims , totally disputed in most cases by eyewitness accounts , were addressed at length during last year 's campaign , and the American people voiced their judgment by delivering a decisive victory , '' the White House said in a statement Monday . `` The timing and absurdity of these false claims speaks volumes , and the publicity tour that has begun only further confirms the political motives behind them . ''
Rachel Crooks , left , Jessica Leeds , center , and Samantha Holvey attend a news conference to discuss their accusations of sexual misconduct against Donald Trump . Photo / AP
Speaking to Megyn Kelly on Monday in their first joint interview , the women recounted their allegations against Trump , describing how they felt threatened and disgusted by their encounters with him .
`` I was shocked , '' Crooks told Kelly after describing Trump kissing them at Trump Tower . `` Devastated . It happened so fast ... I wish I would 've been courageous enough to say , 'What 's going on and you need to stop this . ' ''
Crooks said they felt at the time that they had no way to respond to the situation out of fear that if they reported it to their bosses - who did business with Trump 's organisation - they might lose their job . `` I wish I had been stronger , '' they said . Crooks said they came forward after reading an account from another woman accusing Trump of misconduct , saying that this made them feel a sense of relief knowing that `` it was n't just me . ''
The three women spoke on Today before holding a news conference in Manhattan amid a wave of allegations of sexual assault and harassment by men that have swept across the country in recent weeks that has stretched into fields including politics , entertainment , the media , the courts and the finance industry .
Numerous high-profile men have been fired or suspended from their jobs , including Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein and broadcaster Charlie Rose , while others have announced plans to step down , including Senator Al Franken , D-Minn. , and Republican John Conyers , D-Mich. , both of whom said last week that they would leave Congress over the mounting allegations .
Holvey suggested it made sense for Trump 's accusers to speak to the public again given the way the country 's atmosphere - and response to alleged sexual misconduct - has shifted over the last year .
`` Let 's try round two , '' they said . `` The environment 's different , let 's try again . ''
A day before the women spoke , Nikki Haley , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , said that women who have accused Trump `` should be heard . '' Haley 's comments were a sharp break from the White House 's position , and they were particularly notable coming from one of the most high-profile women serving in Trump 's administration .
`` They should be heard , and they should be dealt with , '' Haley said when asked on CBS 's `` Face the Nation '' about the allegations other women have made against Trump . `` And I think we heard from them before the election . And I think any woman who has felt violated or felt mistreated in any way , they have every right to speak up . ''
The # MeToo movement has drawn renewed attention to the accusations against Trump , which emerged in the final weeks of the presidential campaign last year . When asked in October whether the White House 's position was that all of the women are lying , Sarah Huckabee Sanders , Trump 's press secretary , told reporters : `` Yeah , we 've been clear on that from the beginning , and the president has spoken on it . ''
For women who accused Trump of sexual misconduct last year , watching other men felled by allegations has left them wondering why their claims did not have the same impact during the presidential campaign .
Trump has denied the allegations against him , vowing to sue their accusers and produce `` substantial evidence '' they said would disprove their claims . So far , they have not followed through on either promise .
One lawsuit has emerged from the allegations made against Trump : One of their accusers , Summer Zervos , sued them in New York for defamation over Trump 's repeated comments that all of the women were liars .
Zervos , a former contestant on The Apprentice , said Trump kissed and groped them during a 2007 encounter at the Beverly Hills Hotel . In response , Trump said : `` False stories . All made up . Lies . Lies . No witnesses . No nothing . All big lies . ''
Trump 's attorneys have decried Zervos 's lawsuit , calling it `` politically motivated '' and based on allegations of something `` that never occurred . '' They have sought to have the suit dismissed , arguing that they were expressing a political opinion and saying a sitting U.S. president can not be sued in state court .
Land prices along National Road 1 continue to rise
With industrial complexes propping up in proximity to National Road 1 , real estate commentators are witnessing a trend of higher demand and increasing prices for plots of land along the major road .
Chrek Soknim , CEO of Century 21 Mekong , told Post Property this week that , broadly speaking , prices for plots of land along National Road 1 were swelling .
“ A lot of investors who have purchased plots aim to construct boreys and factories , ” they said .
National Road 1 is located to the south of the ASEAN region , connecting Thailand , Vietnam and Cambodia .
Soknim said prices vary widely according to the specific location of the land in relation to the road , with prices from Monivong Bridge to Borey Peng Hout ranging from $ 850 to $ 1,500 per square metre , up from $ 600- $ 1,000 per square metre three years ago .
“ These land plots will continue to gain momentum in the future as National Road 1 is the link between Southeast Asia and China 's One Belt , One Road , ” they added .
Seng Sopheak , general manager at CPL Cambodia Properties , said that while land prices had been steadily rising along National Road 1 in recent years , they believe that investment will be hampered if prices skyrocketed too high adding that they hoped demand would steady .
However , Ear Sovannara , a resident in the capital 's Chbar Ampov district , said they had witnessed bulk land buying lately along areas nearby National Road 1 .
“ For instance , a few years ago , the price of my land in the Veal Sbov commune was only $ 50 to $ 70 per square metre at one point but it 's in the range of $ 250 to $ 300 now , ” they said .
One of Uber 's self-driving vehicles has struck and killed a pedestrian in a suburb of Pheonix , Arizona , police said .
Officers in Tempe said the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman was struck .
The woman , whose name has not yet been released , died of their injuries in hospital .
Uber has been testing the self-driving vehicles in Tempe and Phoenix for months .
Police said Uber is co-operating in the investigation .
Space Teddy has made it back to Earth after a 21km-high space flight which outshone an abortive launch by New Zealand 's commercial space company , Rocket Lab .
Rocket Lab aborted its planned launch of a rocket on the Mahia Peninsula two seconds before scheduled takeoff because of the proximity of the International Space Station and deteriorating weather .
But Space Teddy , launched on Monday by eight Year 6 students at Takapuna 's Forrest Hill Primary School , reached a height of 21km before falling into a tree on Waiheke Island .
Waiheke arborist Harry Hodgetts scaled a spindly 12-metre taraire tree to rescue Space Teddy . Photo / Marius van Rijnsoever
Arbor Bros arborist Harry Hodgetts climbed 12 metres up the spindly taraire tree to rescue the plucky teddy at about 4pm today .
Advertisement
`` He was hanging up by their parachute , and also their GPS was tangled in the tree , '' Hodgetts said . `` He did n't seem to be damaged . ''
Dr Marius van Rijnsoever , a North Shore Hospital doctor whose children Amalia and Lucas attend the school , first helped a group of Year 6 `` teddynauts '' to launch another teddy into space , attached to a helium-filled weather balloon , last year .
Space Teddy reached 21km into the stratosphere before their weather balloon burst . Photo / Forrest Hill School
High-flying Space Teddy is safely back in the arms of Forrest Hill School student Amalia van Rijnsoever , 8 , and their brother Lucas , 5 . Photo / Marius van Rijnsoever
This year a new group of teddynauts equipped Space Teddy with transmitting gear so that they could follow their progress , and van Rijnsoever took two of them , plus their own two children , over to Waiheke today to track down the lost bear .
`` We managed to do a little treasure hunt to find him , even though I knew where they are , '' they said .
As well as successfully rescuing Teddy , residents around Takapuna have emailed saying they have found seven of the 22 paper planes that were programmed to be released , with the school 's email address , when Space Teddy soared above 35km .
`` It 's a really nice , satisfying experience , `` van Rijnsoever said . `` The space launch did n't go well with the rocket so everyone focused on the teddy . ''
Recently , four Lok Sabha seats where by-polls were held include Kairana in Uttar Pradesh , Bhandara-Gondiya and Palghar in Maharashtra and the lone seat for the lower house of Parliament in Nagaland . All four were held by the BJP , which is desperate to win as the party 's strength in the Lok Sabha has already slipped to 272 from 282 , since it has been losing most of the by-elections in the last four years . In the last by-poll held in UP for two seats , the BJP lost both .
In Maharashtra , the by-polls to the Bhandara-Gondia and Palghar Lok Sabha seats witnessed a fight mainly between the alliance partners , the BJP and Shiv Sena . Still , all four major parties in the state – Congress , BJP , Shiv Sena and the NCP have pulled out all stops for the by-polls as the outcome is likely to have a bearing on their future course . The Palghar Lok Sabha by-poll is being held because of the death of sitting BJP MP Chintaman Wanga . Rajendra Gavit is the former Congress leader who has joined the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) . Just because they joined BJP , their name has been recommended for the seat of Palghar Lok Sabha by-poll on BJP ticket . Two sons of Chintaman Wanga joined Shiv Sena because their father was not paid due respect after their death . Shrinivas Wanga and Praful Wanga along with their mother Jayashree joined the Sena . Chintaman Wanga was elected from Palghar on a BJP ticket in the 2014 Lok Sabha polls . Wanga had passed away on January 30 earlier this year . Following their death , the Election Commission had announced by-poll for Lok Sabha constituency of Palghar . The chances of Sena winning are huge , due to sympathy vote factor . Though there are seven candidates , the main fight is between Wanga and Gavit .
In Bhandara-Gondia , the Lok Sabha by-poll was held because Nana Patole quit as the BJP MP and resigned from the party to return to the Congress earlier this year . This time around , Patole is not contesting the election , but they are campaigning actively for the NCP-Congress opposition combine candidate Madhukar Kukde , who had a face-off against BJP 's Hemant Patle . Here , Congress NCP has its grip on booth level , the chances of BJP 's losing is high .
The Kairana Lok Sabha seat is the next big test for the BJP versus a unified opposition . A by-poll was held here because of the death of sitting BJP MP Hukum Singh . The saffron party has fielded Singh 's daughter Mriganka Singh . They face the Rashtriya Lok Dal 's ( RLD ) Tabassum Hasan , who is supported by the Congress , the Samajwadi Party ( SP ) and the Bahujan Samaj Party ( BSP ) . The chances of their winning are strong . The Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh , Adityanath , signed from the party loss in their erstwhile Gorakhpur Lok Sabha constituency a few months ago , will be looking to avenge the defeat . On the other hand , the joint opposition – which won not just the Gorakhpur Lok Sabha seat , but also the Phulpur one in by-polls some months ago – will be tested for its viability among voters , ahead of the Lok Sabha elections next year .
In Nagaland , a Lok Sabha by-poll was necessitated following the resignation of Neiphiu Rio from the Lok Sabha to contest the Nagaland Assembly election in February . Rio is presently the chief minister of the state . The ruling People 's Democratic Alliance in Nagaland has decided to field former minister Tokheho Yepthomi as its candidate . Yepthomi will go head-to-head with the opposition Naga People 's Front nominee C Apok Jamir .
Assembly by-polls , including one Assembly seat election – was held in Chengannur in Kerala , Noorpur in Uttar Pradesh , Rajarajeshwari Nagar , or RR Nagar in Karnataka , Ampati in Meghalaya , Sillia , and Gomia in Jharkhand , Jokihat in Bihar , Maheshtala in West Bengal , Sahkot in Punjab and Tharali in Uttarakhand . In Karnataka , the contest was among the BJP , the Congress and the JD ( S ) . We all know the results , Congress and JD ( S ) made it to power and BJP lost on humiliating notes .
In Bihar , the Jokihat Assembly seat will see an all-out contest between the JD ( U ) ( part of the ruling coalition ) and the RJD . In two Assembly by-polls held in March , both the BJP and RJD won a seat each . In a Lok Sabha by-poll at the same time , in Araria , the RJD won what was a BJP seat . Those March contests were the first ones in the state since the break-up of the ‘ mahagathbandhan ' , following which the JD ( U ) went back into the BJP-led NDA fold . The BJP , which is trying to emerge as the main challenger to the TMC – especially after it 's good performance in rural polls – has nominated Sujit Ghosh , a former joint director of the CBI . The TMC swept the Bengal rural polls earlier this month , but the BJP emerged as a surprise . A win for the BJP will see it cementing its position as the main opposition party in the state . The by-poll in Chengannur constituency of central Kerala was necessitated following the death in January of sitting MLA K K Ramachandran Nair of the CPM . The seat witnessed a tough triangular fight among the Left Democratic Front ( LDF ) , the United Democratic Front ( UDF ) and the NDA in Kerala . It 's a rare contest in a state known for its decades-long bipolar politics . The result of the by-election is widely being seen as a referendum on the performance of both the Pinarayi Vijayan-led LDF government in the state and the Narendra Modi government at the Centre , which has completed four years in office . Winning the seat is significant for the Congress also as it is an opportunity for them to wrest its traditional constituency back from arch-rival CPI ( M ) and to boost the confidence . But overall if you see the scenario right now does n't seem to be in favour of Modi or BJP .
Interesting to watch is , Palghar Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 48 Lok Sabha ( lower house of Indian Parliament ) constituencies of Maharashtra state . This constituency was created on February 19 , 2008 , as a part of the implementation of the Presidential notification based on the recommendations of the Delimitation Commission of India constituted on July 12 , 2002 . The seat is reserved for the Scheduled Tribes . It first held elections in 2009 and its first member of parliament ( MP ) was Baliram Sukur Jadhav of Bahujan Vikas Aaghadi . As of the 2014 election , Chintaman Wanga of the Bharatiya Janata Party represented this constituency in the Lok Sabha . After the sudden demise of Wanga , Bharatiya Janata Party gave the ticket to Rajendra Gavit and Sena issued ticket to Wanga 's son . The political pundits are predicting Shiv Sena 's win here .
( Any suggestions , comments or dispute with regards to this article send us on [ email protected ] )
THIS IS WHAT IS CHANGING WITH THE NEW DRIVING TEST
Mum stabs themselves in chest as they trip over the
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A CAMPAIGN is being launched to raise funds for a new police memorial , a month after Pc Keith Palmer and four others were killed in the Westminster terror attack .
The UK Police Memorial at the National Memorial Arboretum ( NMA ) in Staffordshire will be inscribed with the names of more than 1,400 officers and staff who died from injuries sustained while carrying out their duties .
Sir Hugh Orde , chairperson of the UK Police Memorial Trust , said : “ Four weeks ago a vicious and completely unprovoked attack occurred in our capital city which saw the murder of Pc Keith Palmer and four other innocent members of the public .
( Photo : Chris Jackson/Getty Images )
“ Pc Palmer 's death has put greater emphasis on the need to create a place where the nation can honour and commemorate our police service and where family , friends and colleagues of those killed on duty can go to carry out personal acts of remembrance .
“ The NMA is the place where the nation can go to remember our services and the men and women who have been killed in the course of their duty for their country .
“ We need to establish a fitting memorial that recognises the vital contribution that policing makes to our society and acknowledges the courage and sacrifice made by police officers and police staff who have paid the ultimate price .
“ That tribute must become part of the fabric of our national life . ”
The memorial will consist of the physical tribute , a digital memorial , an education programme and Living Memorial fund that will support the families of officers and staff killed in the future .
Home Secretary Amber Rudd said : “ It is entirely fitting that those officers and staff who give their lives in the line of duty should be remembered with a lasting tribute .
( Photo : Dan Kitwood/Getty Images )
“ The Government has already committed £1m towards the UK Police Memorial and I hope the public also take this campaign to their hearts and recognise the importance of establishing a permanent place of remembrance . ”
The memorial will cost £4 million to set up and so far £2.5 million has been raised . It should be completed by 2018/19 .
Information on how to make a donation or take part in fund-raising activity can be found at www.ukpolicememorial.org .
Four other people were killed in addition to Pc Palmer and dozens injured in the 82-second atrocity in Westminster on Wednesday March 22 , which ended with Khalid Masood , 52 , being shot dead .
Andreea Cristea , 31 , Leslie Rhodes , 75 , Kurt Cochran , 54 , and Aysha Frade , 44 , died after a car driven by Masood , who had been living in Birmingham , ploughed into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge .
All throughout the offseason , Rams fans and players held out hope that the team would agree to a deal with star defensive lineman Aaron Donald . Instead , their best player has been noticeably absent for months now .
That absence has only grown more obvious as training camp and the preseason have worn on . While the Rams first preseason game against the Dallas Cowboys on Saturday was hardly a facsimile of what they 'll roll out in Week 1 next month , the defensive line felt different without their All-Pro tackle there .
According to fellow Rams defensive tackle Michael Brockers , there 's no ignoring the fact that Donald is n't there with them .
Via LATimes.com :
“ He 's probably working somewhere , working out , and he 's probably sick to their stomach , they wants to be out here with us , ” Brockers said . “ You 're missing that dynamic element in their defensive front . “ But you know he 's going to be there sometime soon . ”
There are a lot of people , including Bill Belichick and Roger Goodell , who do n't think that preseason games are necessary or matter that much in terms of preparing for the regular season . So this by no means should set the line back in terms of chemistry on the field , even with the implementation of a new 3-4 base defense under Wade Phillips .
Still , there 's something to be said for just physically being there to receive and reciprocate the support of coaches and teammates at the preseason wears on . There 's been no indication one way or another as to Donald 's plans for the regular season if they still have not agreed to a new deal by the Week 1 , but it 's obvious that they 'd be at an incredible disadvantage without them – both on and off the field .
Essays – what 's it like crafting , essay composing , suggestions
System from the essay . Classification of essays . The signs of an essay
The expression “ essay ” arrived European from French and in the past goes back for the Latin expression exagium ( considering ) . French russian federation can actually convert the phrase experience , test , try , draw , essay . The essay is really a prosaic makeup of your smaller volume and free of charge formula , indicating person impressions and things to consider on a certain special occasion or problem and definitely not proclaiming a identifying or exhaustive explanation of the topic . In the “ Explanatory dictionary of unusual phrases ” L.P. Rat 's essay is defined as “ an essay that sweets some difficulties not in a methodical research form , but inside a absolutely free form. ” “ The Wonderful Encyclopaedic Dictionary ” gives these particular meaning : “ An essay can be a style of philosophical , literary critical , traditional-biographical , journalistic prose , integrating the author 's singularly emphasized placement using a calm , frequently paradoxical exposition centered on colloquial dialog. ” The “ Small Literary Encyclopedia ” clarifies : “ The essay is a prosaic arrangement of a small volume level and free of charge composition that pleasures a certain topic and symbolizes an attempt to communicate person perceptions and considerations associated for it in 1 way and other ” . Some indicators associated with an essay : the accessibility to a precise subject or question . The function dedicated for the evaluation associated with a broad range of troubles , obviously are unable to be practiced inside the category in the essay . the essay expresses person perceptions and matters on a specific function or issue and definitely will not make-believe to establish or exhaustively translate the topic topic . generally speaking , the essay presupposes a new , subjectively decorated message about one thing , a really operate can possess a philosophical , historic-biographical , journalistic , literary-essential , scientific-popular or purely imaginary figure . within the content material on the essay , the author 's personality , their worldview , feelings and thoughts , is initially and main evaluated . This variety has grown to be popular in recent years . The inventor of your essay category is M. Montaigne ( “ Tests ” , 1580 ) . These days , the essay is provided for an project quite usually . It truly is one of the main components of the bundle of records ( on admittance to an academic establishment or employment ) . The essay challenge helps in the variety of the very best to choose the incredibly https : //mphotonics.mit.edu/search.php ? pdf=plz-help-me-write-my-essay ideal ! It 's significant to write an essay for any young consultant . How the prospect managed to publish them self , as explained their achievements and misses , enables the business to ascertain regardless of whether this particular person is fantastic adequate for business enterprise , is their work encounter sufficient to warrant dreams in the near future and benefit the firm ( firm , business ) .
Structure and strategy on the essay
The structure of your essay is dependent upon the specifications enforced about it : The opinions with the article writer of the essay on the problem are presented in the kind of brief theses ( T ) . the thought ought to be maintained by proof – therefore the thesis is followed by arguments ( A ) . Arguments are facts , phenomena of dating life , occasions , living scenarios and lifestyle experience , medical proof , work references for the ideas of experts , and so forth . It really is improved to give two misunderstandings in favour of each and every thesis : one particular discussion seems unconvincing , 3 arguments can “ overload ” the business presentation done Within the genre , centered on brevity and images . As a result , the essay acquires a engagement ring composition ( the number of theses and arguments will depend on the topic , the selected strategy , the reason of your improvement of believed ) : release thesis , misunderstandings thesis , quarrels thesis , quarrels conclusions . When composing an essay , it is also important to think about the next points : The launch and realization ought to concentrate on the issue ( inside the introduction it can be put , in conclusion – the judgment of the author is summarized ) .
It truly is necessary to select paragraphs , reddish facial lines , to set-up a plausible internet connection in between lines : thus the integrity from to operate is accomplished . Kind of display : the essays are emotional , expressive , creative . Specialists think that the proper impact is provided by quick , very simple , numerous intonations on the sentence , skilful use with the “ most modern day ” punctuation level – a dash . Nevertheless , the fashion mirrors the traits in the individual , this can be also useful to bear in mind . Ahead of you begin crafting an essay , spend interest to the pursuing concerns . The answers to them will let one to more plainly identify what is value composing in the essay : Holding in your individual features or skills , check with oneself : Should I fluctuate within this or that excellent from these I understand ? with what way managed this good quality show itself alone ? Regarding the activities that you simply were involved in ( do ) : what produced me do that type of operate ? why did I keep on to accomplish this ? About every event within your existence that you described : how come I keep in mind this event ? Has it modified me as a person ? how do I respond to it ? was this a revelation in my opinion ; The Thing I acquired not recently believed ? About each and every person you talked about : why do I call this particular person ? Am I wanting to develop into like him ? what features can i praise ? was it told in their mind one thing that I will recall all of my daily life ? Have I revised my views ? About every of the choices and that which you do n't like : exactly why do I prefer or dislike it ? Has this scenario impacted my well being to a sizable extent ? About each and every of the breakdowns : What did I find out as a result ? what was the most beneficial thing I learned within this scenario ?
Category of essays
Coming from the point of view of your possessions with the essay are : philosophical , literary-critical , ancient , artistic , imaginative-journalistic , religious and religious , and so on . In line with the literary form of the essay appear in the kind : reviews , lyrical miniatures , notes , pages in the diary , letters , and so forth . You 'll find also essays : descriptive , story , reflexive , critical , analytic and other individuals . Within this circumstance , the compositional functions of your perform executed inside the style of music on the essay are determined by the idea . Finally , the classification on the essay into two large teams is projected : private , subjective essays , where the principle factor will be the disclosure of one particular or another facet on the author 's personality , an unbiased essay , where the private beginning is subordinated towards the topic of description or some notion . The essay of a younger medical specialist on a specific topic belongs towards the secondly party . Indications of an essay
You can identify some typical features ( characteristics ) of your category , that are generally indexed in encyclopedias and dictionaries : Small amount . Obviously , there are actually no tough limitations . The quantity in the essay comes from 3 to 8 pages and posts of laptop written text . By way of example , at the Harvard Enterprise College , essays are often printed in only two internet pages . In the Russian universities and colleges , an essay of up to 10 web pages is permitted , though typed textual content . A distinct theme as well as its subjective explanation is highlighted . The theme from the essay is always cemented . An essay simply can not contain numerous subjects or ideas ( views ) . It demonstrates only 1 selection , one thought . And increases it . This can be the solution to one question . Totally free composition is definitely an significant feature with the essay . The researchers note that the essay is actually by its mother nature arranged in order that it does n't endure any formal platform . It can be usually constructed in contrast towards the laws and regulations of common sense , topic to arbitrary associations , well guided with the guideline “ All the things may be the reverse. ” Easy narration . This writer in the essay is very important to set-up a confidential style of connection with all the readers ; To be comprehended , they eliminate purposefully difficult , uncertain , needlessly stringent constructions . Researchers be aware that a fantastic essay is usually written only by an individual who is fluent in the topic , notices it from several facets and it is prepared to give your reader through an exhaustive but multifaceted look at of your trend which has turn into the beginning point of their reflections . Propensity to paradoxes . best paper writing service The essay is designed to surprise the reader ( listener ) – this , in the judgment of quite a few research workers , is its required top quality . The starting factor for those reflections embodied inside the essay is typically an aphoristic , vivid affirmation or maybe a paradoxical classification that literally confronts somewhat incontrovertible but mutually unique phrases , characteristics , theses . Inner semantic unity Maybe this is certainly one of the paradoxes of the category . Absolutely free in arrangement , dedicated to subjectivity , the essay comes with an inside semantic unity , i.e . the persistence of crucial theses and claims , the internal peace of reasons and organizations , the constancy of those decision where the individual location of your creator is conveyed . Orientation to spoken terminology At the similar time , it really is necessary to keep away from the use of slang inside an essay , design expressions , shortening of terms , as well frivolous overall tone . The words made use of in writing the essay have to be used truly . So , when composing an essay , it truly is crucial to determine ( to understand ) its subject , to establish the desired size and objectives of https : //essay-company.com/essay-writer every section . Begin together with the major thought or even a bright term . The job would be to straight away pick up the attention on the readers ( listener ) . Here , a relative allegory is generally utilised , when an unpredicted fact or occasion is linked together with the most important motif on the essay .
BAKU , Azerbaijan ( AP ) — The mayor of Azerbaijan 's second-largest city has been shot and wounded in an attack that also wounded their bodyguard .
The Interior Ministry said Elmar Veliyev , the mayor of Ganja , was attacked outside their office late Tuesday . It said in Wednesday 's statement that the gunman was arrested by police . Their motives were n't immediately clear .
Veliyev and their bodyguard have been hospitalized with gunshot wounds and are in stable condition .
Authorities said that President Ilham Aliyev has taken personal control of the investigation .
Advertisement
Ganja , a city of 330,000 , is located in western Azerbaijan .
Art & Culture Desk
University of Tehran website issued an apology on Monday for mistakenly announcing that one of the university 's graduates and the founder of fuzzy logic , Lotfali Askarzadeh , has passed away .
The apology in the website of the University of Tehran reads : “ On Saturday ( August 12 ) , the news section of the website of the University of Tehran published a piece of news announcing that a graduate of the university and the founder of fuzzy logic had passed away , IRNA reported .
The news was published based on the information provided to the website by sources who were acquaintances of professor Askarzadeh .
“ Today , we were informed that , fortunately , the esteemed professor is alive . ”
The University of Tehran has removed the item from its website and has supplicated God to bestow longevity and honor to the Iranian professor .
A mathematician and an artificial intelligence scientist , Askarzadeh was born in Baku in 1921 to an Iranian father from the northwestern province of Ardabil and a Russian Jewish mother , who was also an Iranian citizen .
In 1931 , when they were 10 years old , they and their family moved to Tehran , where they studied at the Alborz College for eight years .
They emigrated to the US in 1943 after graduating from the University of Tehran with a degree in electrical engineering .
They were an emeritus professor of computer science at the University of California , Berkeley , and the director of the Berkeley Initiative in Soft Computing .
They are best known for proposing the fuzzy mathematics in the 1960s .
Fuzzy logic is an approach to computing based on ‘ degrees of truth ' rather than the usual ‘ true or false ' ( 1 or 0 ) Boolean logic on which the modern computer is based .
Boise State 's Bob Kustra on their achievements & regrets BSU President Bob Kustra will retire in June 2018 . In a Nov. 17 , 2017 interview , they said Boise State University 's growth and transformation over the years is perhaps their proudest achievement . Darin Oswald doswald @ idahostatesman.com ×
crossOrigin= '' anonymous '' SHARE COPY LINK BSU President Bob Kustra will retire in June 2018 . In a Nov. 17 , 2017 interview , they said Boise State University 's growth and transformation over the years is perhaps their proudest achievement . Darin Oswald doswald @ idahostatesman.com
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Sodium Carbonate Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition , applications and manufacturing technology . The report covers business strategists like major drivers , dynamics , share , segmentation , revenue forecasts , effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making . The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Sodium Carbonate market . The Key Players mentioned in the report are Tata Chemicals , Solvay , FMC Corporation , Nirma Limited , OCI Chemical Corporation , Ciech , Ciech , GHCL , DCW , Oriental Chemical Industries , Novacarb , Haohua Honghe Chemical . This report provides a competitive scenario , with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Sodium Carbonate Market .
Get a Sample Copy @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-sodium-carbonate-market/10361/ # requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Sodium Carbonate market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial , Government , Personal . The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends . The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions . The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market . The report also analyses the Sodium Carbonate market in terms of volume [ k MT ] and revenue [ Million USD ] .
The Sodium Carbonate Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies , applications , and classifications that are used in the context of market . It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs , equipment costs , labor costs , and other costs . In terms of a technical consideration , the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Sodium Carbonate . This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants , R & D status , raw material sources , and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018 .
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America , China , Europe , Southeast Asia , Japan & India , with production , consumption , revenue ( million USD ) , and market share and growth rate of Sodium Carbonate in these regions , from 2012 to 2022 ( forecast ) .
On the basis of Product Type , this report displays the production , revenue , price , market share and growth rate of each type , primarily split into : Sodium Carbonate Solid , Sodium Carbonate Solution .
On the basis on the end users/applications , Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users , sales volume , market share and growth rate for each application , including : Glass Industry , Water softener for Detergent , Na ( Sodium ) Chemicals , Food Use , Others .
Key Highlights Of The Sodium Carbonate Market Report :
1 ) A complete framework analysis , including an assessment of the parent market .
2 ) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies .
3 ) Market Dynamics ( Industry News , Development Challenges & Opportunities ) .
4 ) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth , constraints , opportunities , practicableness study .
5 ) Historical , present , and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume .
6 ) Market shares and strategies of leading players .
7 ) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market .
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-sodium-carbonate-market/10361/ # inquiry
In the end , the report includes Sodium Carbonate new project SWOT analysis , investment practicalness analysis , investment come analysis , and Development Trend Analysis . The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Sodium Carbonate market segments are coated throughout this report . This report additionally presents product specification , producing method , and products cost structure . Production is separated by regions , technology and applications . The Sodium Carbonate industry data source , appendix , research findings and the conclusion .
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports . You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store , which covers global industry and the regional markets . All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips .
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales @ indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone : +1 202 888 3519
Web : https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Guptill 's gone again ! Black Caps opener felled by another hamstring injury , set to miss T20 , first two ODIs against Proteas
The strain is unrelated to the one that caused them to miss the final ODI against Australia last month .
Many years ago , I was assigned to cover a story about a certain sperm donor , a newly graduated doctor in Kansas who had donated on such a frequent and regular basis that they were suspected of being the biological father to 500 children . You read that right — 500 children !
My research led me to learn that professors and medical mentors had often urged their male med school residents to donate sperm as a way to : a ) put a little money in their pockets , and b ) help propagate future generations of intelligent children . The belief was that if the sperm came from a person smart enough and driven enough to study to be a doctor , well , all humankind could benefit from the children they would sire .
An elitist viewpoint , to be sure , but a prevalent one back in the early 1990s .
A problem arose after this particular Kansas doctor 's years of donating when it was learned that many of the recipients lived within a small radius . The children who resulted from this man 's donations began to grow up within miles of each other , and as they matured into teenagers , attending the same schools , churches or sport camps , they began to become attracted to one another , pulled together by an unexplainable and invisible magnet of familiarity . Some of the teens began dating and were sexually attracted to each other . Accidental incest was a real possibility — if it had n't already happened , I was told .
In some instances , the children did not know of their test-tube beginnings . In almost all other cases , the parents were completely unaware of how many siblings their son or daughter might have or that that their child could be romantically interested in their own half-sister or half-brother .
I reported back then that the sperm bank was urgently trying to locate all the recipients of this particular doctor 's donations and make a geographic registry of where their offspring landed . Oh , if they had only been so diligent from the beginning !
Flash forward to today , some two decades later , and the law still has n't caught up with the science .
There are still no cohesive federal or state laws regulating how many times an in vitro fertilization clinic can disseminate one man 's sperm or in what geographic area it should be offered .
Clinics continue to rake in profits , but children born of this procedure have little more than a donor number to hold onto when they wonder about their paternal beginnings . Sperm banks and IVF clinics keep secret such vital information as the father 's name , address and where they can be reached if a specific health problem crops up for the child later in life .
And now , some donors are complaining about the system , too , saying they were hoodwinked about the number of children that might result from their donation .
“ We have more rules that go into place when you buy a used car than when you buy sperm , ” Debora Spar , the author of The Baby Business : How Money , Science and Politics Drive the Commerce of Conception , said to MSNBC . “ It 's very clear that the dealer ca n't sell you a lemon , and there 's information about the history of the car . There are no such rules in the fertility industry right now . ”
Since each donor does have a unique tracking number , inquisitive parents have started independent registries online to track how many kids are born to particular donors . One woman found their IVF baby had more than 150 brothers and sisters ! Others discover more than 50 offspring in their child 's donor group .
The sudden realization that they have half-siblings or several dozens of half-siblings has to be confusing to many of the estimated 30,000 to 60,000 IVF babies born in the United States each year . Some families decide to try to meet their IVF relatives . Others choose never to tell their children about their biological beginnings .
Scientists worry about America 's sperm donation system for a different reason . There is the possibility , they say , that our collective gene pool could be in the process of becoming skewed . If a popular donor has a defective gene that causes a rare disease , that disease will be a silent ticking time bomb spreading more quickly and widely through the general population than it would otherwise .
I recently did some research on that Kansas doctor whose story I reported so many years ago . They are still in the same area , with an apparently successful psychiatry practice . I wonder if they ever stops to think about the psychological impact he 's had on however many children it turns out they fathered .
Regardless of whether that doctor has stopped to rethink the ramifications of our current sperm donation system , I think it 's high time some forward-thinking lawmakers did . We 're way overdue for some laws governing this field .
Fooling with Mother Nature almost never turns out well .
— Diane Dimond is the author of Cirque Du Salahi : Be Careful Who You Trust . Click here for more information . They can be contacted at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) .
United States 11-12-2017 . One Source Process is the legal services company provides very best service of process . This service is really helpful to ensure your confidential documents are safely carried by the professional process servers . They are certified personnel with great deal of knowledge and expertise in preparing your documents for court filling or other needs . Basically , process service will be provided by the professional and experienced process servers . These process servers are really familiar with the ways to prepare and serve any kind of legal documents .
No matter , why you need these legal documents but to ensure they are authorized and are certified you need Virginia service of process . These services are really ideal to meet your different needs and will give you chance to have peace of mind while ensuring your documents are in right hands . Basically , you may wonder while giving access to your confidential documents but the certified process servers of One Source Process will definitely ensure the safety .
Here at One Source Process , you will be served by the professional and experienced process servers who are committed to provide you the best service and support . If you need to apostille power of attorney and looking for professionals to do this task in precise manner then contact One Source Process . It has all the required experience and knowledge in providing the best legal support possible . You can get professional service and support anytime as One Source Process serves to its clients 24/7 .
When it comes to selection of Virginia service of process then if you are looking for the best legal services company then makes sure you prefer One Source Process .
For more detail on service of process in Virginia do n't forget to visit at :
http : //www.onesourceprocess.com/
It has become an oft-repeated reminder among mainstream moviemakers about how action flicks virtually died with the passing of the King of Action Movies Fernando Poe Jr. Or perhaps even long before their monumental death as claimed by serious industry observers .
Advertisements
Cited as reason could be that local viewers long exposed to watching Hollywood action films with panache have virtually outgrown local productions wanting much in craftsmanship and realistic story content .
Enough that Caveat has yet to see receipts of a local action film , mainstream or indie , making break-even or raking in returns at the tills . The latest to dive into the ditch was Toto Natividad 's action caper billed “ Double Barrel . ”
This explains why even the more popular and extant junior action stars have avoided falling into the trap of resuscitating their respective career by venturing into movie productions themselves . For to do so is perhaps short of financial suicide .
Action star of the late '70s to early '80s Rhene Imperial , however , thinks otherwise , saying that if the problem is viewership or audience reach , by all means grab the bull by its horns . They mean that producers ought to re-educate themselves in selling movies thru the unconventional way of promoting and marketing , not to rely solely on walk-ins or spending one 's fortune on TV ads and the like .
Over and above , however , Rhene emphasizes that the key to selling a movie is in the commercial viability of one 's finished product , not to necessarily bank on its purely aesthetic content .
This goes without saying that the film in-progress titled “ Jacob … Ubusin Ang Druglords ” with them in the lead is their own guinea pig of sort to test their logistics of selling a film in the most unorthodox way .
As the cliche goes , the film title itself is as timely as today 's era of fake news and controversial headlines . Rhene considers the film at hand their comeback vehicle helmed one of their favorite directors , William Mayo .
In the long hiatus that they were not seen onscreen nor highly visible to the public and showbiz , Rhene confessed to having lived the life of an insulated , though high-valued gambling lord for years during and after Martial Law . One wonders if it was a case of becoming themselves a mimic of the underground and notorious characters they had portrayed many times over onscreen ?
Some of the popular movies they made were “ Ninong , ” “ Boy Singkit , ” “ Tatak Munti ” and “ Sigue-Sigue Brothers . ”
Power and influence then easily came to their head as money flowed from their hands like water . They thought they were untouchable and on top of the world as they took with impunity to sex , drugs , and rock-and-roll until hubris came down on them through successions of heart attacks that were almost irreversible .
But they believe God gave them a second wind in life . Their laminated heart melted away . They are now a certified preacher , a born-again pastor . Rhene Imperial would like to believe that their film project is in fact an offering to God and an atonement to the people they once turned away from .
Former multi-division boxing world champion Floyd Mayweather has announced they will fight UFC lightweight champion Conor McGregor in Las Vegas on August 26th .
The long-awaited fight had looked to be edging closer on Tuesday , when the Nevada Athletic Commission approved a request from Mayweather Promotions to host a fight at the MGM Grand on the August date .
The unbeaten , former five-division world champion boxing champion then confirmed the news on Wednesday night . As did McGregor , who tweeted ; “ THE FIGHT IS ON. ” .
UFC former two-weight champion McGregor , a Dublin native , had already applied for a boxing license in Nevada .
Mayweather , now 40 , retired undefeated after 49 wins . Their last fight was in September 2015 .
They had previously said that they would only return to the ring for a big-money bout with the 28-year-old Irishman ;
“ We have to give the people what they want to see . The fans demand that fight . We have to give them what they want to see to make them happy . ”
McGregor meanwhile has not fought since September 2016 , and last month their long time partner Dee Devlin gave birth to their son ; Conor Jack McGregor Jr .
On November 26th , due to their inactivity in the division , McGregor was stripped of the featherweight championship , but they remain the official UFC lightweight champion after their defeat of Eddie Alvarez .
Dipyridamole is a yellow , odorless , and bitter-tasting crystalline powder . Dipyridamole is an oral antiplatelet drug . It is soluble in dilute acids , chloroform , and methanol but does not dissolve in water . Dipyridamole is a drug used in combination with blood thinners such as warfarin or aspirin to prevent the formation of clots after the replacement of the heart valve . Clots are a serious medical complication which could cause heart attacks , strokes , or blocking of blood vessels in the lungs . Dipyridamole is an anti-platelet drug which maintains a constant blood flow by stopping platelets from forming a clump and keeping the blood vessels open . Dipyridamole is used to treat and prevent myocardial reinfarction , blood clots in the brain , obstruction of blood vessels by blood clots , and transient ischemic attacks . Side effects of this drug include dizziness , stomach upsets , diarrhea , vomiting , headaches , and flushing .
Request Report Brochure @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=22253
Dipyridamole tablets are platelet inhibitors . Each tablet contains 25 mg , 50 mg , or 75 mg of dipyridamole . Inactive ingredients present in these tablets include colloidal silicon dioxide , hypromellose , lactose monohydrate , polyethylene glycol , sodium starch glycolate , pregelatinized starch , povidone , magnesium stearate , talc , and titanium oxide . Dipyridamole increases the power of prostacyclin by preventing the phosphodiesterase enzyme activity which increases the intracellular cAMP levels . It inhibits the cellular uptake of adenosine which acts on coronary vessels and is used to evaluate coronary artery diseases in patients who can not exercise satisfactorily and increase the blood flow to their hearts , simulating exercise .
Dipyridamole exhibits several side-effects on reacting with other medicines such as theophylline , adenosine , and anticholinesterases , which may decrease its effectiveness . There are several precautions that need to be followed while consuming the dipyridamole tablet , especially in cases of low blood pressure , drug allergies , while taking aspirin or vitamin doses , and in pregnancy . It could cause severe allergic reactions such as itching , difficulty in breathing , swelling of the mouth , tightness in the chest , swelling of the face , swelling of the lips or tongue , irregular or slow heartbeats , weakness , and chest pain . One of the adverse effect of using dipyridamole is that it increases the risk of bleeding , so in order to stop the bleeding it is taken in combination with aspirin . Dipyridamole tablets should be used cautiously by patients with hypotension as they can produce peripheral vasodilation . Dipyridamole is available on special cases for the patients who have prosthetic heart valves after coronary artery bypass surgery ( CABG ) .
Read Report Overview @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/dipyridamole-market.html
North America and Europe are dominant in terms of drug production , and the dipyridamole market in these regions are predicted to develop vastly . According to a survey conducted by the national institute of health , Americans are at a severe risk of suffering from strokes over the forecast period . Therefore , a pharmaceutical company recently launched an aspirin/extended-release dipyridamole which is projected to reduce the risk of heart attacks . The consumption of this drug in Asia Pacific is also prominent , especially in China and India , in terms of registered diseases on a year-on-year basis . The rest of the world accounts for a minor share in the dipyridamole market ; however , the market is anticipated to develop widely in the next few years .
About Us
Transparency Market Research ( TMR ) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services . The company 's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers . TMR 's experienced team of analysts , researchers , and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information .
TMR 's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information . With extensive research and analysis capabilities , Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports .
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower ,
90 State Street ,
Suite 700 ,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel : +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free : 866-552-3453
Email : sales @ transparencymarketresearch.com
Website : http : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The former boss of shoe brand Cloggs has launched a new digital agency in Birmingham .
Chris Thomas , who was managing director of the company started by their father Russell in Birmingham 's Oasis Market in 1979 , has founded Apex Ecommerce .
The Jewellery Quarter-based firm offers digital marketing agency and e-commerce consultancy services .
Mr Thomas , who sold Cloggs to high street giant JD Sports in 2013 , said : `` It 's a very exciting time in Birmingham and in particular it feels like a great time to starting a new business in the Jewellery Quarter .
`` The commercial landscape seems to be changing by the day all over the city .
`` Apex Ecommerce is looking to fill a gap in the digital agency world , bringing genuine industry experience to people either just starting their businesses online or looking to take their current digital businesses in a new direction .
`` With the increasing importance Google is placing in local search results and the increasing affordability of web-technology , e-commerce has never been so accessible to businesses of all sizes . ''
NEW YORK ( AP ) — A shade of purple named for the late superstar Prince was announced Monday by the icon 's estate .
The “ Purple Rain ” hue created by the Pantone Color Institute was dubbed “ Love Symbol ( hash ) 2 , ” paying tribute to their custom Yamaha piano and the squiggly graphic Prince began using as their name in 1993 in a testy battle with Warner Bros. Records over ownership of some of their biggest hits .
They switched back to Prince as a name in 2000 after their Warner contract expired .
Prince died in April 2016 at age 57 of an opioid overdose , according to authorities .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
There are two superb musical events this Saturday , and — wonder of wonders ! — only one of them is at the Music Academy of the West .
First , at 9:30 a.m. and 1:45 p.m. in Hahn Hall , there are the final rounds of the annual Concerto Competition , in which solo piano and instrumental Fellows compete for the honor of performing with conductor Tito Muñoz and the Academy Festival Orchestra at the Granada Theatre on July 20 .
Very little more need be said of this exciting concert/recital , except that admission to the morning session is $ 13 and to the afternoon session is $ 15 . Tickets can be purchased at the door , before the session , or , if there is time , reserved seats can be purchased by phone at 805.969.8787 or online by clicking here .
Those with vehicles and an insatiable desire to hear beautiful and interesting music brilliantly performed will want to then head to Ojai , where the Happy Valley Cultural Center will host the maiden voyage of a new chamber music series , “ Chamber on the Mountain , ” starring world-renowned artists Carol Wincenc on flute , Heidi Lehwalder on harp — they are also the artistic director of the series — and our own Jill Felber on flute .
The first half of the program consists of Vincent Persichetti 's Serenade No . 10 , Opus 79 for Flute and Harp ( 1957 ) , Carlos Salzedo 's Three Dances ( Solo Harp ) , Hector Berlioz 's “ Trio of the Young Ishmaelites , ” for two flutes and harp from the oratorio The Childhood of Christ , Claude Debussy 's “ Syrinx ” for Solo Flute and Béla Bartók 's Romanian Folk Dances , Sz . 56 , BB 68 ( 1915 , piano ; 1917 , small ensemble ) , arranged here for flute and harp .
After the intermission , the concert continues with Bernard Andres ' early work , Narthex ; the “ Sarabande ” and “ Courante ” from the Partita in A-Minor for Solo Flute , BWV 1013 of Johann Sebastian Bach and three brief French bibelots — the Tambourin of François Joseph Gossec , the Morceau de Concours by Gabriel Fauré and Jacques Ibert 's Entr'acte .
This is , inevitably , somewhat exotic fair — the flute-harp combination being fairly ubiquitous in the 18th century , rather rare in the 20th , regaining ground in the 21st — but heard in real time , the music is surprisingly familiar .
Notes on the Program
» Persichetti — A dashing delight from one of the most consistently underrated of our modern American composers .
» Salzedo — Uncomplicated and charming , so Iberian , so Mediterranean , so civilized !
» Berlioz — Rapturous delight . Berlioz liked to pass this work as an ancient work that they had discovered in manuscript , but it is undeniably all his .
» Debussy — One of the most famous pieces for solo flute , an unearthly meditation .
» Bartók — More folksy and less cranky than much of their work , fans will find plenty of eccentricities to delight them .
» Andres — On one listening I noted that they “ steps lightly on the tonic on their way to the basement or into the attic ” as if they were carefully prowling around an old , dilapidated house . Another commentator wrote : “ French harpist Bernard Andrès embraces their heritage wholeheartedly and in Narthex for flute and harp , produces a piece which from its very opening hints at Ravel and Debussy . The inspiration is a series of Old Testament sculptures from Romanesque churches in Burgundy . I found the work gently evocative rather than vividly characterised . Andrès spices things up with a number of interesting special effects , getting the harpist to rap the sounding-board , rattle the tuning key in the sound hole and getting the flautist to slide a finger inside the flute head joint , resulting in curiously eerie glissandos . ”
» Gossec — A giddy race , familiar from its use on C-SPAN .
» Fauré — Haunting and , as always , perfect .
» Ibert — Gallic grace and nimble elegance .
To get there from Santa Barbara or points north , take Highway 101 south to the exit that reads “ Highway 33-Ojai. ” Take Highway 33 to and through the town of Ojai ( you 'll know the town of Ojai when you reach Signal Street ) . Continue through town , which has become Highway 150 or Ojai Avenue . Eventually you will come to a fork with an Italian restaurant — Boccalis — on your left . Bear right and the highway will now begin a steep climb — switchback style — up to the Upper Ojai Valley . When you reach Dennison Park ( on your right ) you are exactly one mile from our entrance . Look for Happy Valley School Road ( on your left ) . There is a sign at the entrance to the road that reads “ Besant Hill School and Beatrice Wood Studio. ” ( Directly across from our road entrance is the Black Mountain Ranch ) . Make a left onto Happy Valley School Road and a short way up the paved road you will make another left at the Beatrice Wood sign . Drive all the way up to the top of the driveway .
An alternate route from Santa Barbara ( scenic route and winding road ) : Exit soon after Carpinteria on the exit for Highway 150 in Ojai . Make a left when it dead-ends and follow the above directions through the town of Ojai .
Tickets to the concert are $ 25 general admission , $ 15 for students . Due to limited space , the organizers recommend you make reservations . For more information and reservations , call 805.646.9951 or click here .
— Gerald Carpenter covers the arts as a Noozhawk contributing writer . They can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . The opinions expressed are their own .
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Automotive Steering Wheel Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market . The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status , growth rate , and trends . The market report comprises historical , current , and projected revenues for each sector , segment , end-user segment , and region . The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Toyoda Gosei Co Ltd. , TRW Sun Steering Wheels Pvt . Ltd. , Autoliv , Rane TRW , Takata Corporation , Emden Engineer , KSS Abhishek .
The report begins with introducing the global Automotive Steering Wheel market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market , constraints , risks , opportunities , current trending factors , PEST and PROTER 'S Five Forces survey , applications , topographical region markets , and competitive landscape . Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Automotive Steering Wheel report . The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy , industry news and expansions , and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence .
Request for Sample Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automotive-steering-wheel-market/5902/ # requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market , for instance , key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products . The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement , which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments ; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals . The report provides the main region , market conditions with the product price , profit , capacity , production , supply , demand , and market growth rate and forecast etc . This report also Present new project SWOT analysis , investment feasibility analysis , and investment return analysis .
Geographically , this report is portioned into a few key Regions , with generation , utilization , income ( million USD ) , piece of the pie and development rate in these areas , from 2018 to 2025 ( gauge ) , covering United States , China , Europe , Japan , Southeast Asia , India and Rest of World .
Automotive Steering Wheel Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation : Polyurethane Steering Wheel , Leather Steering Wheel , Wooden Steering Wheel .
Automotive Steering Wheel Market Analysis by Application Segmentation : Passenger Car , LCV , HCV , Farm Vehicle .
Key points in the Automotive Steering Wheel Market Report :
1 ) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2 ) Assess the production processes , major issues , and solutions .
3 ) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4 ) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry .
5 ) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price ( Price and Margin , Factors of Price Change , Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis ) .
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automotive-steering-wheel-market/5902/ # inquiry
From all of this Automotive Steering Wheel market information , the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Automotive Steering Wheel market players : New players , stakeholders , marketing unit , administrative authorities and Automotive Steering Wheel distributors/manufacturers . The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize . Further , the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data , in both terms revenue and volume . In addition to this , the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report . This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023 .
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports . You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store , which covers global industry and the regional markets . All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips .
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales @ indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone : +1 202 888 3519
Web : https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
By Luminous Jannamike
ABUJA – As part of activities to commemorate this year 's World Tuberculosis Day , the World Health Organisation ( WHO ) , the United States Agency for International Development ( USAID ) , the KNCV Tuberculosis Foundation , and the National Tuberculosis and Leprosy Control Programme ( NTBLCP ) , on Monday , collaborated to offer free tuberculosis screening and treatment for residents of the Federal Capital Territory , FCT .
The programme , which also featured a community sensitisation programme on early detection and treatment of the ailment , had about 1,000 residents benefiting from the medical outreach .
In a chat with journalists at the Utako Motor Park , where the outreach took place , the National Professional Officer in charge of Tuberculosis ( TB ) at the WHO , Dr Ayodele Awe , decried the low-level of awareness , among Nigerians , on the need to go for tuberculosis screening especially when they suffer prolonged cough .
They said : “ In Nigeria , it is reported that over 400,000 persons are at risk of contracting tuberculosis with an estimated 50,000 deaths but less than 100,000 persons present themselves for TB screening annually .
“ So , this community outreach programmes using the Wellness on Wheels ( WoW ) truck , which has the capacity to screen patients for tuberculosis and produce test results within 110 minutes , will help in the early detection of the disease so that necessary treatment can be commenced in order to ensure the ailment does not spread further . ”
Vanguard reports that the WoW truck deployed for the free medical outreach is a state-of the-art mobile diagnostic vehicle for tuberculosis screening which also contains an X-ray machine and a geneXpert machine . It was funded by USAID through KNCV 's Challenge TB program .
Also speaking , the FCT Coordinator of NTBCLP , Dr. Josephine Okechukwu , said that some of the symptoms of tuberculosis include ; prolonged cough that lasts for more than two weeks , loss of appetite , night sweating , weight loss , chest pain and difficulty in breathing .
Others , according to her , include enlargement of lymph nodes and failure to thrive and grow among children .
Dr Okechukwu further explained that tuberculosis is curable . She , however , maintained that early diagnosis and treatment was key to stopping the spread of the disease .
“ Tuberculosis is one of the highly infectious diseases in Nigeria . But it is curable , treatable , and preventable . Treatment for TB is free across all level of healthcare institutions in the country . So , residents should come forward for screening and also avail themselves of the free treatment on offer , ” they said .
by
Calling all singers ! The Chester River Chorale welcomes new and current members to the first rehearsal of its spring season at 6 p.m. Monday , January 16 , in the Wesley Room of Chestertown 's Heron Point . All voices and levels of musical experience invited . No audition required . $ 50 dues with students free . http : //www.chesterriverchorale.org/about/join/
BAGHDAD ( AP ) — An influential Iraqi Shiite cleric is urging their fighters to hand state-issued weapons back to the government following the declaration of victory against the Islamic State group .
Muqtada al-Sadr also called on their forces to hand some of the territory they control to other branches of Iraq 's security forces , but said their men would remain as protectors of a holy Shiite shrine in Samarra , north of Baghdad .
Al-Sadr 's speech was broadcast on Iraq television on Monday .
Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declared victory over IS in a national address on Saturday evening , after Iraqi forces cleared the last IS strongholds from Iraq 's western desert .
Advertisement
Al-Sadr 's fighters took up arms against IS in the summer of 2014 after the fall of Mosul and are officially part of the government-sanctioned Popular Mobilization Forces .
The Power 20 Countdown
Fridays 4-6pm
04/14/17
( 1 ) 1 . LOST IN THE MOMENT-NF-Three Weeks !
( 2 ) 2 . OUT OF THIS WORLD-FAMILY FORCE 5
( 3 ) 3 . CHANGE THE WORLD-DEREK MINOR
( 4 ) 4 . LIGHTS SHINE BRIGHT-TOBY MAC
( 7 ) 5 . CA N'T LIVE WITHOUT-HOLLYN
( 5 ) 6 . THERAPY SESSION-NF
( 6 ) 7 . THE RESISTENCE-SKILLET
( 8 ) 8 . FREE-TEDASHII
( 9 ) 9 . BLESSINGS-LECRAE
( 10 ) 10 . GET DOWN GET DOWN-KJ 52
( 11 ) 11 . STOP ME-CHRISTON GRAY
( 12 ) 12 . POP OUT REVENGE-SOCIAL CLUB MISFITS
( 13 ) 13 . BEST OF ME REMIX-JORDAN FELIZ
( 15 ) 14 . HOW GOOD-SOCIAL CLUB MISFITS
( 16 ) 15 . DANGEROUS-BUILT BY TITAN
( 14 ) 16 . INFINITE-BUILT BY TITAN
( 17 ) 17 . NAH BRUH-KJ-52
( 20 ) 18 . ALL THE MONEY-BRITT NICOLE
( * ) 19 . CLOUDS-TRIP LEE
( * ) 20 . DIFFERENT DRUM-BLANCA
LONDON ( AP ) — The British government has introduced new powers to seize suspicious assets that it says will help curb London 's status as a haven for ill-gotten gains .
A measure called unexplained wealth orders , which came into effect this week , allows authorities to seize assets over 50,000 pounds ( $ 70,000 ) until owners account for how they were acquired .
Security Minister Ben Wallace told Saturday 's Times of London that the government was sending criminals a message that `` we will come for you , for your assets and we will make the environment that you live in difficult . ''
The government estimates 90 billion pounds in illegal cash is laundered in Britain every year , much of it passing through London financial firms and the city 's real-estate market .
Advertisement
Wallace said the government wanted to build on awareness generated by TV series `` McMafia , '' currently running on the BBC . Adapted from Misha Glenny 's nonfiction book , the drama series centers on a London financier entwined with Russian criminals .
Wallace said the series , starring James Norton , was `` very close to the truth . ''
Russia has been less impressed . The Twitter account of the Russian Embassy in London has dismissed the show 's depiction of Britain as `` a playground for Russian gangsters . ''
`` Crime rate among Russians in U.K. is well below national average , '' the embassy tweeted last month , accusing the BBC of spreading cliches .
HAMILTON , Bermuda — The Latest on the American student reported missing in Bermuda ( all times local ) :
6:20 p.m .
Police officials in Bermuda say the body of U.S. student Mark Dombroski was found at the base of a colonial era fort in the British Island territory .
Acting Assistant Commissioner James Howard says authorities have not determined a cause of death of the 19-year-old student from Media , Pennsylvania , and that forensic experts are still at the scene .
Howard says they have not ruled out foul play in the death .
They expressed their “ heartfelt condolences to their family and friends ” after an intensive search for local authorities , volunteers , and relatives of the student .
——
5:50 p.m .
Police officials in Bermuda are confirming that they have found the body of missing U.S. student Mark Dombroski .
Acting Assistant Commissioner James Howard of the Bermuda Police Services declined to provide certain details , include how authorities believe they may have died during a visit to the British Island territory .
The discovery of their body was announced at a news conference in the British island territory after a day of searching that involved members of the 19-year-old 's family , volunteers and local authorities .
——
5:30 p.m .
A police spokesperson in Bermuda says authorities have found a body amid a search for a U.S. student who disappeared after a rugby tournament on the British island territory .
Spokesman Dwayne Caines did not disclose any details about the discovery and did not confirm that the body was that of 19-year-old Mark Dombroski .
The Bermuda Police Service said a news conference would be held later Monday .
Authorities and members of Dombroski 's family had been searching Bermuda for the young man in a wooded area known as The Arboretum . It was near a sports centre where Dombroski was competing as a member of the rugby team at Saint Joseph 's University in Philadelphia .
They were last seen early Sunday after a night of socializing .
The search is continuing for three people missing in a river near Cascades Falls in Waitakere with emergency services and the Westpac Rescue Helicopter searching .
Police say they received a report at 5.15pm that a group had got into trouble while crossing the Cascades Falls and had been swept away .
Emergency services have tended to one person who was in the group but made it to safety . They have minor injuries .
Police say further information will be released as it becomes available .
A man known only as Josh from the Waitakere Golf Club told 1 NEWS that a man was brought to them in a hypothermic condition .
They had been trapped in a nearby river with several others .
`` He was pretty hypothermic and roughed up , '' Josh said .
Before calling 111 , Josh said they were told by the man that there were four others who were swept away .
Meanwhile , police and fire services are evacuating approximately 100 people from homes in Piha around Glenesk , Seaview and Beach Valley Roads due to flooding .
Police say people are being evacuated to the nearby surf club or campground as a precaution .
The flooding appears to be receding and if it continues to do so police say they hope to allow people back into their homes within a couple of hours .
A number of people who were walking in the bush on a track off Piha Road called police at 5.15pm concerned they were trapped by rising river levels .
The group of approximately 20 people included people from various groups who had been walking in the bush through the afternoon , and banded together to get out safely , police said .
They have since found a safe route back out of the bush and are currently walking out towards Glenesk Road .
The world 's biggest passenger jet has been involved in a wild , hair-raising landing in severe crosswinds - and it was all caught on camera .
When landing in strong crosswinds , pilots will typically approach the runway with the plane at an angle to counteract the effects of the wind .
Northern Germany has been battered by hurricane-strength winds in recent days as storm Xavier swept across the country , killing seven people .
The worst of the damage has been concentrated in the northeast , with trains between Berlin , Hanover , Hamburg and Keil cancelled until further notice on Friday morning , The Local reports .
Advertisement
The YouTube user who captured the Emirates A380 in Dusseldorf in Germany described the landing as `` extremely hard and extraordinary '' .
`` I have filmed a few thousand crosswind landings at several airports in Europe within the past years , but this Airbus A380 crosswind landing was extremely hard and extraordinary , '' said the user , who operates under the name Cargospotter .
They said the pilots had done an incredible job of controlling the plane , as it swung almost sideways on touchdown .
`` At first it looked like a pretty normal crosswind approach but after touchdown the pilots tried to align with the runway which looked pretty incredible . I have never seen such a tremendous reaction of an airplane after a touchdown . You can see that the pilots tried to align with the runway by using the tail rudder and luckily it worked out . This video shows the incredible skills of the pilots . Even after an unexpected wind gust after touchdown they managed to re-align with the runway . ''
An Emirates spokesperson said : `` Emirates flight EK 55 on 5 October 2017 landed safely in Dusseldorf under strong crosswind conditions . At no point was the safety of the passengers and crew on board compromised . ''
Sir , – Noel Whelan says that members of the Oireachtas who are in favour of repealing the Eighth Amendment , but against unrestricted access to abortion up to 12 weeks , “ need to tell the electorate ” what practical solutions they propose in “ the circumstances of women pregnant as a result of rape ” ( “ Legislating for abortion in rape cases is very difficult ” , Opinion & Analysis , February 2nd ) .
Simon Coveney is among those legislators Noel Whelan is referring to .
The Tánaiste claims to recognise the difficulty of legislating for abortion in cases of rape but says , “ because it 's difficult does n't mean we go down a different route that makes it easier for everybody ” .
However , in terms of real solutions , the best Mr Coveney can come up with so far is vague talk about possibly establishing a register of GPs with expertise in the matter .
They will have to do better than that , and quickly , if they want to seriously participate in the debate to come . – Yours , etc ,
JOE McCARTHY ,
Arbour Hill ,
Dublin7 .
A chara , – Senator Catherine Noone 's statement that , in the context of abortion , rape is impossible to legislate for ( News , February 2nd ) is quite baffling .
According to the United Nations publication World Abortion Policies 2013 , of those countries where abortion is legal , 51 per cent provide for the grounds of rape or incest – meaning that a total of 48 parliaments have managed this seemingly impossible legislative feat .
In Poland , for example , it requires certification by a prosecutor ; in Austria and France it can be approved by a single physician ; whereas in Germany the law requires the consent of two doctors , subject to counselling and a three-day waiting period .
A great many people in Ireland feel very uncomfortable at the prospect of abortion on request , without reason , up to the 12th week of pregnancy while having great sympathy for the victims of rape and not wishing to traumatise them any further .
It is entirely possible to deal with the latter without having to introduce the former .
Disingenuously conflating the two matters in an attempt to provide for a more liberal abortion regime is a risky strategy , and one that pro-choice campaigners may come to regret . – Is mise ,
DAVID CARROLL ,
Dublin 2 .
Sir , – I would argue that many young people in Ireland are ill-informed and ill-advised on the areas of relationships , sexuality , sex education and contraception .
Such undoubted ignorance of these vital topics unquestionably leads to unplanned and unwanted pregnancies and the additional social and moral consequence that this ignorance entails .
Most people in Ireland abdicate responsibility for the education of their children on this important aspect of their formative lives to schools .
However , schools by and large have not carried this baton to any progressive extent and skirt around the substantive issues for fear of upsetting their conservative constituents .
The sure consequences of these omissions of education and guidance is manifest when it comes to the understanding of appropriate relationship protocols , unplanned pregnancies and the increased risks of disease , etc .
It is instructive that in the Netherlands and Denmark there is a compulsory curriculum for primary and secondary schools that incorporates the concepts of mutual respect , love , sex and healthy relationship education .
This education also includes the purpose and use of contraception and condoms and begins around the age of 10 .
As a result , the Netherlands has the lowest European rates of both teen pregnancies and abortion .
Shining the light of education and empowering the individual as to the consequence of their actions and giving them the means for prevention is indeed better than the pursuit of a painful cure and is a healthy and mature way to address this issue . – Yours , etc ,
TOM FINN ,
Ballinasloe ,
Co Galway .
Sir , – In relation to “ Galway novena will not provide platform for any position on abortion ” ( January 31st ) , I would like to quote Pope Francis : “ Abortion is not the lesser of two evils . It is a crime . It is to throw someone out in order to save another . That 's what the Mafia does . It is a crime , an absolute evil. ” Enough said ! – Yours , etc ,
NICOLA DAVERON ,
Galway .
Sir , – Simon Coveney has recently made public remarks surrounding their stance on the Eighth Amendment .
The Tánaiste stated that they “ backs repeal but not the granting of access to abortion for up to 12 weeks ” , and that a GP should be able to sanction an abortion in cases of rape instead of the unrestricted 12-week period .
I find it unfortunate that their stance implies that they have not paid clear enough attention to the work of the Citizens ' Assembly and the Joint Oireachtas Committee – which have elaborated on numerous evidence-based reasons as to why unrestricted access up to 12 weeks is being proposed . One of the leading reasons was not to have to legislate for exemptions based on rape , incest or other tragic circumstances .
Requiring that a pregnant person who has been the victim of rape to need State authorisation to have an abortion is inhumane .
A person should not have to become pregnant from being sexually violated to be granted their bodily autonomy .
How would a rape be confirmed ? This is legislatively unenforceable due to the waiting times for court cases of this nature , and how this would affect the survivors of rape .
As a legislator , these factors should be paramount to them rather than their own personal views . – Yours , etc ,
SHARON NOLAN ,
Galway .
Lady Cougars Drop Road Contest to Lyon College
BATESVILLE , AR -- The Columbia Lady Cougar basketball team suffered its third loss of the season Tuesday night , falling to the host team Lyon College by a score of 71-59 . The Lady Cougars are now 7-3 on the season .
The Lady Cougars struggled to find their groove in the first half , leading to a 38-26 deficit at the break .
In the second half , the Scots continued their hot shooting and tough defense . Columbia matched the host squad 's 33 points in the frame but could not overcome the first half difference , allowing Lyon to walk away with the 12-point win .
Lyon outrebounded Columbia 36-35 and forced the Lady Cougars into 19 turnovers in the contest .
Leading the way for Columbia was Kayla Rice with 14 points . Airelle Eldridge added 11 points , 10 of those coming in the second half . Julie Teeple led Columbia on the boards with seven .
The Lady Cougars are idle until Tuesday , Dec. 6 when they travel to Olathe , Kansas to face MidAmerica Nazarene University for a 7:00 p.m. tip-off .
Centana Growth Partners has raised $ 250 million to invest in financial services startups .
Since its beginnings in 2015 , Centana has invested in four companies , including the insurance technology company One and a digital identity management firm called Jumio . The New York-based limited partnership says it is hunting for other investment candidates and that it expects to put $ 5 million to $ 30 million into each .
With the right capital , innovative companies that offer practical financial products “ could strategically expand in exciting ways , ” Ben Cukier , a founding partner of Centana , said in a news release this week announcing that it had finished raising capital for its first fund .
Investment targets With the right capital , startups that offer innovative yet practical financial products `` could strategically expand in exciting ways , '' says Centana 's Ben Cukier . Adobe Stock
“ We want to invest in the workhorses , not just the unicorns , ” Cukier said .
Centana has offices in New York and Palo Alto , Calif . It was founded by Eric Byunn , Steven Swain and Cukier . Byunn and Cukier were partners at FTV Capital , and Swain was most recently president of Global X Management .
“ Having led the growth and strategy of a number of financial institutions , I strongly believe that the future of our industry will be driven by forward-thinking firms that are challenging the status quo , ” Swain said in the release .
Centana officials did not return calls seeking additional comment on Wednesday .
By Alex Matthews
Video will play in Play now Do n't auto play
Never auto play
North Korea has threatened to launch weekly missile tests after US Vice President Mike Pence warned that the `` era of patience '' with Kim Jong-un is over .
Vice Foreign Minister Han Song-Ryol has ramped up the tension between the two nations by saying : `` We 'll be conducting more missile tests on a weekly , monthly and yearly basis . ''
They also said that an `` all out war '' was a possibility if the US responded by taking military action against Pyongyang , The Daily Mail reported .
The secretive state 's deputy U.N. ambassador has also accused Washington of turning the Korean peninsula into 'the world 's the biggest hotspot ' and creating `` a dangerous situation in which a thermonuclear war may break out at any moment . ''
Kim In Ryong told a news conference today that U.S.-South Korean military exercises being staged now are the largest-ever `` aggressive war drill . ''
They said North Korea 's measures to bolster its nuclear forces are self-defensive `` to cope with the US vicious nuclear threat and blackmail . ''
Before adding that their country `` is ready to react to any mode of war desired by the US . ''
Pence said President Donald Trump are hopeful that China will now use its `` extraordinary levers '' to pressure the North to abandon its nuclear and ballistic program .
Continued below .
Related Content China , Russia dispatch ships to shadow USS Carl Vinson as it approaches North Korean waters Video Watch : Mike Pence highlights the importance of the joint US-South Korean mission US Vice President Mike Pence : 'Era of strategic patience ' is over with North Korea
This morning they warned Kim Jong-un not to `` test the resolve '' of the President and insisted any use of nuclear weapons by the secretive state would be met with 'an overwhelming and effective response ' .
The visit came shortly after a failed North Korean missile launch that some claim may have been `` thwarted by cyberattacks from the US . ''
President Trump has ordered a naval strike group , led by the USS Carl Vinson aircraft carrier , to the region , though the vessels remain a long way from the peninsula .
But this morning , Japanese media claimed both China and Russia had dispatched intelligence-gathering vessels from their navies to chase the 'armada ' amid mounting concern over the US deployment . The claims were made by multiple sources of the Japanese government , according to The Yomiuri Shimbun newspaper .
.
Russia today warned Washington against launching a unilateral strike on North Korea claiming the US was on a `` risky path '' .
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said : `` We do not accept the reckless nuclear missile actions of Pyongyang that breach UN resolutions , but that does not mean that you can break international law . I hope that there will not be any unilateral actions like the one we saw recently in Syria . ''
Last night , the US refused to rule out a pre-emptive strike on North Korea as Trump 's national security adviser warned the situation was 'coming to a head ' .
After the rogue state ran a missile test that failed , National Security Adviser H.R . McMaster said `` all our options are on the table '' to try to `` avoid the worst '' .
Frantic talks were taking place with allies including China to `` develop a range of options '' in an attempt to quell tensions and calm fears of thermo-nuclear war .
But , with a strike group of US forces already posted to the Korean Peninsula , Mr Trump added further fuel to the fire , saying they had been forced to beef up their military .
On Twitter , the President wrote : `` Our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before . Frankly , we have no choice . ''
Our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before . Frankly , we have no choice ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) April 16 , 2017
Mr Trump and General McMaster said they hoped China would convince its neighbour , which depends on Beijing to prop up its trades and finances , to stop the crisis escalating .
On Saturday dictator Kim Jong-un 's regime displayed its military muscle in a huge parade , before yesterday 's missile test which exploded within seconds .
The medium-range missile - fired from a base in the Sinpo area - ended in farce because it 'blew up almost immediately ' , sources said . The US Pacific Command said it believed it to be a ballistic missile , which is initially powered and guided , but then uses gravity to fall to its target .
Of its failure , former British conservative foreign secretary Sir Malcolm Rifkind told the BBC on Sunday : 'It could have failed because the system is not competent enough to make it work , but there is a very strong belief that the US - through cyber methods - has been successful on several occasions in interrupting these sorts of tests and making them fail . '
The US , its allies and China are working together on a range of responses to North Korea 's latest failed ballistic missile test , Trump 's national security adviser said , citing what they called an international consensus to act .
But Mr Pence and South Korean acting president Hwang Kyo-ahn said they were troubled by retaliatory moves by China against the deployment of in South Korea of a US anti-missile system known as the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) .
`` The United States is troubled by China 's economic retaliation against South Korea for taking appropriate steps to defend itself , '' the Vice President said .
South Korea , which accuses China or discriminating against some South Korean companies working in China , and the United States say the sole purpose of THAAD is to guard against North Korean missiles . China says its powerful radar can penetrate its territory and undermine its security and spoke out against it again on Monday .
Mr Pence , on their visit to the region , said there had been a `` period of patience '' over the years over North Korea but `` the era of strategic patience is over . :
They said the Trump administration hoped their clarity will be received in North Korea , adding the US and its allies will achieve its objectives through 'peaceable means or ultimately by whatever means are necessary ' to protect South Korea and stabilise the region .
Mr Pence told reporters near the DMZ that the alliance between South Korea and the U.S. is `` ironclad '' and reiterated that 'all options are on the table ' to pressure North Korea to get rid of its nuclear weapons and missile program .
Mr Pence , who is on a 10-day Asian tour , visited a military base near the DMZ , Camp Bonifas , for a briefing with military leaders and to meet with American troops stationed there .
The joint U.S.-South Korean military camp is just outside the 2.5-mile-wide DMZ.Pence , who had flown into South Korea yesterday , accused North Korea of `` provocation : .
The DMZ is one of the most heavily fortified regions in the world . It is a swath of territory that lies roughly along the 38th parallel .
Measuring 150 miles long , it became the de facto border that separates North and South Korea following the end of the Korean War in 1953 .
Despite occasional fluctuations in geopolitical tensions , the DMZ has largely remained quiet since the war .
Pence said the US was going to rebuild its military , `` restore the arsenal of democracy '' and give troops the resources they needed to accomplish their mission .
Evoking former president George W Bush 's speeches on the eve of the Afghan and Iraq wars , Mr Pence said 'freedom will ever prevail ' .
The visit carries a great deal of symbolism for the Vice President personally . Their late father , Edward , served in the Army during the Korean War and was awarded the Bronze Star on April 15 , 1953 .
Mr Pence displays their father 's Bronze Star and a photograph of their father receiving the honor in their office and said it was 'humbling for me to be here . '
`` My father served in the Korean War in the U.S. Army . On the way here , we saw some of the terrain my father fought in , '' they said .
`` We 're grateful every day . It 's a great honor to be here . ''
- Daily Mail
Patients do n't always remember their nurse 's names , but they remember how they made them feel .
Nurses are at the front-lines of both medical emergencies and celebrations , but the nursing field is in crisis , healthcare officials said . Nationwide , there is a shortage of nursing staff , and hospitals desperately try to fill vacancies with caring staff .
“ As a little girl I was a care giver , ” Karla Ramberger , Chief Nursing Officer with Sunrise Hospital said . “ I wanted to be a nurse , I wanted to be the caregiver that had the direct impact and still do . ”
“ Knowing that you need a nurse at the bedside to recognize those signs , ” Ramberger said . ” Symptoms of when we need to intervene , that makes you very proud , because that baby might 've had a different outcome . ”
“ We have at Sunrise over 1,300 nurses , ” Ramberger , chief nursing officer at Sunrise Hospital said . ” That is the cornerstone of our Sunrise healthcare delivery , 1,300 is a third of our workforce . ”
It 's a big percentage , and shows how vital nurses are in the medical field .
“ Nurses and physicians work together as a diet , ” Ramberger said . “ It 's not underappreciated , it 's the nurses the patients and family connect with the most , because we 're the ones at the bedside . ”
Despite that , the nursing field is battling a shortage . Part of that , they said is because of the limited spaces in nursing programs because there are n't enough teachers .
However , Ramberger said the shortage is n't an issue at Sunrise Hospital .
“ We have something more to offer , ” Ramberger said . “ We 're the largest hospital in the state of Nevada , we produce complex care to patients which attracts nurses . ”
The hospital adds on some incentives as well , including tuition reimbursement .
“ We want to be the employee of choice at Sunrise , ” Ramberger said . “ We do things with nurses like support their advanced education , we support their certification we provide technology to enhance the patient care . ”
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
There needs to be certain traits in a person to become successful in their career . So it is important for you to understand yourself much better and also have an idea regarding how you are perceived by others , your communication skills , strengths & weakness and also how you engage with others which all matters to enhance your productivity for a successful career . This is where Disc Bodhi a management consulting firm comes into the picture with their best tools to enhance the individual and organisational performance of individuals assessing skills and offering various tools for one to improve their communication , effective engagement and enhance the team dynamics . The tools are available for different profiles in an organisation to improve specific skills to execute their role and responsibility in an effective manner in the organisation .
The disc workplace profile tool is useful for everyone in an organisation irrespective of their title or role as the tool focus on enhancing one 's effective communication and engagement with the peers for better collaboration and teamwork towards achieving the organisation goals . The disc management profile tool come with the best insights for managers on how to effectively engage and motivate your team to achieve optimal performance and also how to effectively influence senior managers for best organisational outcomes . Everything disc sales profile tools help you on how to engage effectively with customers to understand customer motivations and influence to close the sale for achieving performance goals . Everything disc work of leaders profile offers valuable insights for the leaders to assess their own leadership behaviours within the framework of vision , alignment and execution to create an effective impact on the team members . This would help the leaders learn to reflect on their approach towards work step by step to make the necessary changes if required in their leadership style . You can also find everything disc workplace style guides very useful that allow every individual in the organisation to assess their actions , enthusiasm , collaboration , support , stability , accuracy , challenges and results to become more productive and work towards the collective goal of the organisation .
Disc Bodhi also offer many more tools that would help each individual to understand themselves much better and enhance their communication to improve relationships and achieve both personal and professional gaols much effectively and successfully . All the products from Disc Bodhi come in the best price and can be downloaded online .
United State
917-426-7391
https : //discbodhi.com/
Find the best Everything Disc Management & Sales Profile at Discbodhi with affordable prices . It can increase Management & Sales effectiveness at all levels of an organization . You can find more information about our products at https : //discbodhi.com/
100,000 Medical Consultations in 100 Days
HEALTHCARE FOR ROHINGYA REFUGEES AND LOCAL COMMUNITIES IN BANGLADESH
COX 'S BAZAR , Bangladesh , Dec 11 2017 ( IOM ) - If Morisha 's family had waited a matter of minutes before bringing them to the UN Migration Agency ( IOM ) 's health post in the Balukhali makeshift settlement , they would be dead . Full term , in their first pregnancy , the 20-year-old started experiencing severe convulsions and bleeding from their mouth two weeks ago .
Terrified , their husband and brother carried them to the health post from their self-built , bamboo and plastic sheet shelter in the settlement .
Morisha is one of over 625,000 Rohingya to flee Myanmar following an upsurge of violence in North Rakhine State on 25 August . They are also one of thousands who have been treated by IOM doctors after arriving in Bangladesh . When IOM Dr. Charl 's Erik Halder assessed Morisha 's condition , they diagnosed them as suffering from eclampsia . After stabilizing her , they arranged for an IOM an ambulance to take them to the Cox 's Bazar District Hospital for emergency treatment .
Morisha subsequently gave birth and came back to the IOM health post to have the stitches removed from a C-section . “ She is still weak and has pain in their head and neck , ” said Morisha 's sister , who is helping care for their andher two-week-old niece .
Morisha was released from the district hospital after nine days of treatment and is now back in the overcrowded refugee settlement where they live , which brings a whole range of worrying health risks to mother and baby .
Through post-natal care , IOM doctors will help Morisha to cope with these unique challenges , as well as , the more typical ones that new mothers face , like is the baby sleeping enough , am I holding them right and how many times a day should I breastfeed .
IOM has been providing vital healthcare to Rohingya refugees and to the local Bangladeshi community living in Cox 's Bazar since 2013 . Since 25 August , it has scaled up its operations and now runs 13 health posts and one primary health care centre . It also supports nine government health facilities and works with over 350 community health workers – making it one of the largest health responders on the ground .
This has allowed IOM to help 690 women give birth since the start of the influx . IOM health workers have also come to terms with the complexity and trauma of providing healthcare in the refugee settlements , where many people never had access to healthcare before they arrived in Bangladesh .
Fifty-five-year-old Mulham brought their nine-year-old son and 14-year-old daughter to IOM 's health post in Balukhali as soon as they made it across the border two months ago . When their village came under brutal attack in Northern Rakhine State , they gathered what little essentials they could and ran from their home .
Both children were wounded by shotgun pellets as they fled through fields near their house . Mulham had to carry their daughter on their shoulders . Their son , who was also shot in their feet and legs , was still able to walk the ten-day journey . But before they could cross the border , after living in the open under for about 15 days under heavy rain , as they children 's wounds became infected .
“ When they arrived , the children had multiple gunshot injuries , which were severely infected , ” said Dr. Halder . “ But we were able to treat them right here in the settlement . ”
IOM has worked closely with the Government of Bangladesh in its health response since 2013 . This includes taking part in monthly government-led district health meetings , where the governments ' strategy that to provide equal support to Rohingya refugees and Bangladeshis in Cox 's Bazar has been formulated . Since 25 August , all healthcare services in the district have been massively scaled up .
“ Initially , those who crossed the border were traumatized in every aspect , particularly with regards to health , ” Dr. Md . Abdus Salam , Civil Surgeon , who is responsible for overseeing healthcare in the Cox 's Bazar District .
“ Most were injured – bullet injuries , mine blasts and sexual assaults . They were also poorly immunized and malnourished . We provided support to new arrivals during the acute crisis phase in three parts : curative , preventive and promotive . In curative , we deployed 17 mobile medical teams and have 20 community clinics in two Upazilas [ sub-districts ] , six health centres , two health complexes and two district hospitals . Our partners , including IOM , also deployed more than 30 medical teams to respond to the urgent health needs of those crossing the border . ”
“ We started a special campaign to prevent outbreaks , which included vaccinating against measles and rubella , and administering vitamin A capsule and oral polio vaccine to reach hundreds of thousands of men , women and children . I was particularly worried about a measles outbreak , because we saw many cases in people just arriving across the border . Our measles vaccination campaign will be ongoing as people continue to arrive , ” they added .
With so many refugees settling in Cox 's Bazar in such a short space of time , who had never been immunized , Dr. Salam was also concerned about that the water-borne diseases and sanitation . Cholera was a particular concern . “ The Government of Bangladesh and the humanitarian community has nowreached over 700,000 people over the age of one with an oral cholera vaccine , ” they noted .
IOM , partners and Government medical teams are now responding to an outbreak of diphtheria , which has become a major concern .
Every day , IOM doctors treat a range of different cases in Cox 's Bazar . In typical day they will see anywhere from number of 1,500 to 1,900 patients . The most prevalent cases are acute respiratory tract infections , diarrhoea , dysentery , chronic respiratory problems , musculoskeletal pain , skin diseases , malnutrition and maternal health care issues .
Senowara , 30 , was carried to IOM 's Primary Healthcare Centre in Kutupalong last month by their husband . They had been fine in the morning . But in the afternoon , they started to pass watery stools . The first time it happened they thought that they would be okay , but after the fourth time in one hour , they remember very little .
“ Senowara was in medical state of shock when their husband brought them to us , ” said Dr. Raisul Islam , an IOM doctor in Kutupalong . “ Her pulse was very rapid and they were near to death . We thought they might only have one to two hours left . ”
in Cox 's Bazar in an IOM ambulance . The diagnosis was acute watery diarrhoea , which may have been brought on by one of several factors linked to poor living conditions in the refugee settlement where they live . The most likely of these was dirty drinking water .
Lucha Underground takes place in The Temple and the secrets behind the scenes of the El Rey Network television show are rarely divulged . Since pretty much everyone who steps into The Temple has to sign a confidentiality agreement , this makes any behind the scenes footage even rarer .
Marty `` The Moth '' Martinez recently put up a video with several behind-the-scenes snippets they were able to capture on their cell phone . You can see some interesting things such as Jeff Cobb holding the Matanza Cueto mask . There are big circles around Cobb 's eyes to blackout any skin showing under the mask , but they remain casual backstage as they joke with the boys .
See Also Catch Up On Lucha Underground With Wrestling Inc
The video focuses on Martinez 's parent 's LA visit at first , but there are other Lucha Underground stars later on as Martinez takes a trip to The Temple . During a photoshoot for Sammy Guevara , Johnny Mundo is spotted while Guevara 's own YouTube channel is shooting a vlog . Mundo points out the fact they are on two YouTube channels at the same time . Then Guevara hijacks Martinez 's vlog for a bit .
Martinez jokes with referee Marty Elias and then we get a tour of The Temple 's layout . It 's a rare look behind-the-scenes of Lucha Underground and gives fans an idea of the atmosphere before The Temple is packed with fans .
The Down South Trio , with peanut crusted fried chicken tender , creamy green chili mac and cheese , and braised collard greens at the Four Friends Kitchen in Denver 's Stapleton neighborhood . Up next : University . ( Cyrus McCrimmon , The Denver Post )
The University Park neighborhood is about to get friendlier : Four Friends Kitchen , the Southern-inspired Stapleton restaurant , will open their second location this summer near South University Blvd . and Evans Ave . It will take the place of Redford 's Tavern , which closed early last month .
“ We 'd been hunting for a second location for a while , and this one checked a lot of boxes in terms of things we were looking for with neighborhood demographics , traffic/visibility , nearby competition , etc. , ” co-owner Tim Thornton told us in an email .
The second Four Friends will keep the same breakfast-heavy menu and concept as the first , which means you wo n't have to drive east for their Crab & Fried Green Tomato Benedict anymore .
Four Friends Kitchen : 2070 S. University Blvd . and 2893 Roslyn St. 303-388-8299 , fourfriendskitchen.com . Sun.-Sat . 6:30 a.m.-2:30 p.m .
GENEVA ( AP ) — The U.N. human rights chief is lashing out at the `` refusal '' of some at the U.N. 's Human Rights Council to refer to Rohingya Muslims as such , calling it a sign of disrespect for the `` terrible violations '' they have faced .
Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein provided an update Wednesday on the plight of the Rohingya in Myanmar , after more than 720,000 fled to neighboring Bangladesh since last August amid a violent security crackdown . They were updating a report from their office that relayed accounts from fleeing Rohingya who said killings , enforced disappearances and house-burnings continue in Myanmar
They reiterated their call for the U.N. Security Council to refer Myanmar to the International Criminal Court .
Many Buddhists in Myanmar — a member of the council — call the Rohingya `` Bengalis '' and say they migrated illegally from Bangladesh , even though they have lived in the country for generations .
By Emma Reynolds
As we start the year full of good intentions to flourish at work , social scientists are warning our careers could be over sooner than we expect .
The world is barrelling towards what has been dubbed the `` post-work economy '' , as technology replaces humans at an unprecedented rate .
Driverless cars are set to make millions of truckies and taxi drivers redundant and automated fast food service is poised to shut off a key job sector for young people .
As artificial intelligence is increasingly able to carry out complex tasks that used to require humans , large numbers of us are set to find ourselves out of work , with no prospects . `` Many jobs will be destroyed , '' futurist Ross Dawson told news.com.au .
`` We can no longer be sure we 'll have a sufficient amount of the right type of work for people to be employed . ''
WHEN SHOULD WE START PANICKING ?
The experts are n't sure how soon all this is going to happen , but the shift is taking place faster than predicted .
The world of work is now changing more rapidly than during the Industrial Revolution .
Dawson says we can expect more `` big hits '' in the near future , like the one seen in October when 600 manufacturing workers lost their jobs after Ford closed its Australian factories .
Continued below .
Related Content Kirsty Keating : Top tax tips for the year ahead Mark Lister : Take the Kane Williamson approach to investing Fran O'Sullivan : Netanyahu has bigger fish to fry than NZ
Futurist Chris Riddell told news.com.au that over the next three years , `` innovation and disruption will exceed anything we 've seen to date . ''
With high-speed `` hyperloop '' transport and augmented reality gaining traction , the pace of change is accelerating , but Riddell believes `` things are going to get very messy before they get sophisticated . ''
HOW WILL WE SURVIVE ?
Governments are already in discussions over how we can stay relevant in a world where tech has overtaken the human brain .
The shift towards a huge portion of the population being unemployed will throw up a string of problems .
In terms of finances , we may have to introduce a Universal Basic Income ( UBI ) : a trendy concept being trialled in Finland , the Netherlands and Canada , in which every citizen is paid a flat wage , whether they are employed or not .
The idea of a `` mincome '' ( minimum income ) is controversial because it is unclear whether it would be more cost-effective than our current welfare system . But if the majority of the population is on the dole , our view on taxing workers to fund the unemployed may have to change .
WILL LIFE BE ONE LONG PARTY ?
You may be thinking this all sounds great . Our lives will run smoothly with the help of super-intelligent technology , we wo n't be expected to find jobs , and we 'll still earn money .
Technology should remove mundane tasks and allow us to focus on the kind of lifestyles we want . But Dawson warns the shift could open up a wider chasm between the elite who work , and those who do not , since we typically define our worth by what we do .
`` This will accelerate the potential for a divide , '' they say . `` And the polarisation of wealth . ''
Since we all want to feel valued , we will need to find a way to give people a purpose outside of work , in other aspects of society .
WHERE WILL WE FIND PURPOSE ?
Some of the greatest minds of the 21st Century , Tesla founder Elon Musk and physicist Stephen Hawking , recently wrote an open letter warning of the need to stay abreast of artificial intelligence for fear robots could literally take over our world .
We can no longer be sure we 'll have a sufficient amount of the right type of work for people to be employed . Ross Dawson , futurist
In the short term , we need to find roles in which humans can feel productive .
This requires looking at where we still outstrip machines : in expertise , creativity and relationships , for example .
One of Australia 's most potent offerings is world-class eduction , according to Dawson .
We have the ability to take a leading role in making sure schools are preparing for the radically different world of the future , and exporting adult education to the world .
As computers become more sophisticated , our abilities at things like mental arithmetic and handwriting are eroding , so it will be vital for us to exercise our motor skills and stay physically and mentally engaged .
Riddell predicts `` multi-income sources '' for the next generation , who are likely to have several different jobs , mostly situated in the on-demand economy , that fit in with their lifestyle .
It 's a time of deep change , and we will need to integrate with technology to create the lives we want , before we are edged off the information superhighway .
- news.com.au
A snap combat readiness check has kicked off in Russia 's Western Military District , the District 's press office reported on Feb. 14 .
`` By decision of Western Military District Acting Commander Lieutenant-General Viktor Astapov , a sudden combat readiness check of the district 's units and formations has started today , '' the press office said in a statement .
`` Motor rifle , artillery , missile and antiaircraft missile brigades , control and command brigades , logistics formations , an army aviation brigade , the Leningrad naval base , and also military recruitment offices of St. Petersburg , the Pskov and the Novgorod Regions and the Republic of Karelia have been put on high alert , '' the statement said .
Servicemen are currently using their organic military hardware to make marches within their units to the designated areas where they will start performing assigned tasks , the statement said . Field mobile control and communications posts have been deployed at a specialized practice range in the Leningrad Region to ensure real-time information exchange and troops ' coordination through the regional defense control center of the Western Military District 's headquarters .
Source : TASS
Two kittens thrown out of car onto Auckland motorway in 'despicable act ' - do you know who did it ?
One kitten is dead and the SPCA want to find out who did this .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City boss Harry Redknapp has a decision to make ahead of Blues ' clash against Bolton Wanderers on Tuesday evening .
Do they revert to the formation they used to start Saturday 's game at home to Bristol City or do they stick with the second-half system that won the game and hope momentum carries their side home ?
They have a new option to consider , too - Isaac Vassell is in line to make their debut after joining from Luton .
Injuries and suspensions
Che Adams is sidelined , with Blues awaiting the results of a scan to determine the severity of the striker 's hamstring injury .
However David Davis , Jonathan Grounds and Lukas Jutkiewicz are all available for selection after recovering from injury , although Jutkiewicz is unlikely to be ready to play 90 minutes .
Maikel Kieftenbeld was sent off against Bristol City on Saturday but Blues have appealed that red card decision .
Momentum
Blues finished strongly against Bristol and before Kieftenbeld 's dismissal , settled into a system that was working well .
David Cotterill came on to provide some much-needed width down the right , while Redknapp 's side looked more assured in the middle having three central players on the pitch .
My team
Blues : Stockdale , Nsue , Morrison , Roberts , Grounds ; Gardner , Ndoye ; Cotterill , Davis , Maghoma ; Donaldson
Analysis
With Adams unavailable , the attacking mantle is firmly passed onto whomever is selected upfront .
With Jutkiewicz not fully fit and Vassell only having joined on Monday , all the sings point to Donaldson holding down their starting spot .
Jacques Maghoma obviously keeps their place in the team after scoring a winning goal , and Davis looked accomplished in the No.10 role , albeit against lower league Crawley Town .
Elsewhere , the side effectively picks itself .
Your turn
Here 's your chance to pick the Blues team . Which XI would you go with ? Use our selector widget here and do n't forget to share your team on social media .
Storm hit State Highway Six set to be reopened this morning
Hundreds of people have been stuck on the West Coast since the storm hit on Thursday .
You can not vote in favour of abortion and be allowed to marry in a Catholic Church a Belfast priest has said .
Fr Patrick McCafferty , a parish priest in Ballymurphy in Belfast , has said those who voted Yes to repeal the Eighth Amendment on abortion can “ get married in City Hall ” to avoid being “ hypocritical and dishonest by using the church for a day ” .
In an opinion piece in the Belfast Telegraph newspaper , Fr McCafferty wrote : “ You can not be a Catholic and be in favour of abortion . ”
They said those who do not agree with the Catholic Church 's teaching should “ have marriages solemnised in a civil setting ” .
“ If you do n't support the church 's teaching on a fundamental issue , why be hypocritical and dishonest by using the church for a day ? It 's a total fiasco , ” they wrote .
They said the church would continue to support those who had been affected by abortion but would not advocate for it .
They said , many of the 1.4 million “ Repealers need a reality check ” of their own . “ Undoubtedly , there are those among them who consider themselves as ‘ Catholic ' even after voting for something entirely incompatible with the faith , ” they said .
Fr McCafferty said abortion was a “ sin ” and was not compatible with the teachings of the Catholic Church .
“ Deliberate abortion is so grave a sin that those who procure an abortion , those who carry out the procedure , those who participate in it , or facilitate it , are excommunicated with immediate effect . People who reject such a vitally important teaching of Christ need to be spiritually and morally honest , ” they said .
Fr McCafferty 's comments follow on from Bishop Kevin Doran 's message earlier this week that Catholics who voted Yes should attend confession as they had sinned . Bishop Doran , who is the Bishop of Elphin , said they believed voting Yes was a sin if someone “ knew and intended abortion as the outcome ” of their vote .
By Izuchukwu Okosi : Spain on Friday confirmed their participation at the 2018 FIFA World Cup after a comprehensive 3-0 defeat of Albania , while Group G rivals Italy will settle for a place in the play-offs , reports Completesportsnigeria.com .
Goals from Moreno Rodrigo , Isco and Thiago Alcantara in the first half were enough for the Spain to qualify from the group having gained 25 points after matchday-nine .
Italy were stunned as lowly rated Macedonia held them at home , at the Stadio Olimpico . It ended 1-1 , which was only good enough to guaeantee a place in the playoffs . They now have 20 points with one round of games to go in the group qualifiers .
Giorgio Chiellini scored for the Azurri but Alexandar Trajkovski equalised for Macedonia , Goran Pandev providing the assist .
Also in Group G , Liechtenstein lost 1-0 at home to Israel .
Austria won 3-2 against Serbia in a closely fought match in Group D , while Wales pipped Georgia 1-0 away at the Boris Paichadze Arena . Tom Lawrence scored for the Welsh side with Arsenal 's Aaron Ramsey the provider .
Republic of Ireland handed a 2-0 defeat to Moldova in the other Group D game of the night .
In Group I , Croatia and Finland finished their meeting on a 1-1 draw , Turkey lost 0-3 at home to Iceland and Ukraine travelled to Kosovo to secure a 2-0 win .
ConverterVid is offering the most effective , user-friendly and genuinely comprehensive YouTube to MP3 converter out there .
YouTube is without a doubt an incredible social platform that allows people from all over the world to really enjoy all sorts of videos of all kinds of genres . One way or the other , it is very easy to find any kind of clip – music , film , podcast – you just name it . And , of course , at times , we are eager to keep the music from YouTube videos , but it can not be found anywhere else on the net . And does that necessarily imply that there is no other option out there ?
Of course , it does not – you are going to be able to use different software solutions in order to convert the necessary YouTube videos into audio . And while there are plenty of different converters that are quite readily available on the net , odds are , you are going to be off searching for the ideal option and the perfect combination of top quality and affordable prices . ConverterVid is a one of a kind YouTube MP3 converter that does come with plenty of different features that will easily satisfy even the most refined needs and requirements . Unlike the vast majority of different similar solutions , the given YouTube converter is offering the fastest way to make the most from your YouTube videos and will convert them to the MO3 format within the very least amount of time possible . Hence , no matter how lengthy the video may be , regardless of what kind of quality you need from your MP3 files , do not hesitate to check out the above-mentioned option and you will definitely keep on coming back for more . The key here is just how easy it is to control the converter and how quickly it offers results .
Unlike many other converters that come with some hidden fees or perhaps some underwater stones that will hinder you from the experience , this converter will prove to be totally invaluable to you and your needs and within the very least amount of time possible . Hence , if you are genuinely eager to get that YouTube video into the MP3 format , this is the option that you should consider first .
About ConverterVid :
ConverterVid is a one of a kind online converter that will allow you to easily convert YouTube videos into the actual MP3 files that you will be able to listen to anywhere .
Contact :
Company Name : ConverterVid
Address : 474 Linden Bates
Email : agsantos6 @ yopmail.com
Phone : +1 ( 757 ) -9447798
Website : https : //convertervid.com/
Hospitals are seeking different strategies to boost the number of Emirati doctors , as Emiratisation could significantly contribute to the sustainability of UAE 's healthcare sector , Khaleej Times has learned .
Saood Al Hameli , Emiratisation director—Human Capital , Cleveland Clinic , Abu Dhabi , said more Emirati doctors are needed in UAE hospitals . Various strategies have been implemented at the clinic , they said , adding that the time is just ripe for Emiratis to join the clinical field .
“ The focus is to expand the number of Emiratis in the medical field and increase their skills . The numbers of UAE nationals in clinical areas need to be increased , ” they said .
Al Hameli said the clinic created a platform of programmes to help in the development of the capacities of UAE nationals , including volunteering initiatives for youngsters , as well as scholarship programs , which have so far received impressive results .
“ We launched a partnership with Fatima College of Health and Science to sponsor 20 Emiratis going to the college . We are developing an Emiratisation strategy – next year we aim to add another 25 students – limited to nursing and allied health , ” Hameli said . Currently , people of 75 different nationalities are working in Cleveland Clinic Abu Dhabi . “ Our target for the year is to have 18 percent Emiratis in clinical and non-clinical sections . ”
“ Currently , we have more than 500 UAE nationals and our focus is to increase the number of Emiratis in the clinical areas by offering programs to train and develop talented UAE nationals , ” they added .
Emirati physicians also have the chance to receive a one-year intensive internship programme , which also aims to boost the number of UAE doctors and their skills .
Enthusiastic Emirati students with a deeply rooted passion for medicine have the chance to get hands-on experience by helping patients in Abu Dhabi .
The Junior Caregiver Program , which is the very first high school clinical volunteer drive in the UAE , included 35 Emirati high school students , who joined the clinic and worked alongside the doctors , nurses and staff . “ 100 students were interviewed – 40 were chosen and 35 of them were Emiratis . They were chosen because they wanted to pursue medical education . These Grade A students are very smart , ” said Hameli . About 70 percent of the first batch said they would love to pursue medical sciences .
“ We collaborated with the Abu Dhabi Education Council , who were supportive when we came up with the idea , ” they added . TNS
WASHINGTON : The famed Hollywood sign high in the hills over Los Angeles got a little higher on Sunday , when someone altered two of its letters to make it read “ Hollyweed . ”
Police said unidentified thrill-seekers had climbed up and arranged tarps over the two letter “ O 's ” to make them look like “ E 's , ” CBS affiliate KCAL reported .
Each letter is 45 feet ( 13.7 meters ) high , so the feat would have required not just bravado but considerable athleticism .
The daring act may have been taken in celebration of a measure approved in November , when California voters passed an amendment legalizing recreational use of marijuana .
A police spokesperson said surveillance cameras might help them identify the culprit or culprits ; the act was being treated as a case of misdemeanor trespassing .
It was not the first such incident since the sign was first erected in 1923 — at the time as “ Hollywoodland ” — to advertise a local real estate development .
Perhaps not coincidentally , the same lettering change to the sign was made exactly 41 years ago , when a California law relaxing penalties for marijuana use took effect .
That alteration turned out to be the work of a college art student , one Danny Finegood .
Along with friends , they later returned to the sign on Easter Day 1976 to make it read “ Holywood , ” and they changed it again in 1990 to read “ Oil War ” in protest of the Persian Gulf conflict .
Finegood 's original handiwork , which they considered an act of environmental sculpture , was done for an art class project , the Los Angeles Times reported .
Using $ 50 in sheets and ropes , they and three friends made the change — and Finegood received an “ A ” from their art teacher .
But while they might have inspired the latest act of hillside mischief , Finegood can not be blamed for it . They died in 2007 , aged 52 .
Largely because of their work , however , Los Angeles officials increased security around the sign , installing a fence , alarms and eventually a closed-circuit surveillance system .
It is not clear how someone made it through those barriers Sunday , but Danny Finegood might well have admired their work . AFP
AFP/CC
LONDON ( AP ) — Britain 's information commissioner plans to apply for a warrant to access the servers of Cambridge Analytica , which allegedly used data mined from Facebook to help Donald Trump win the 2016 presidential election .
Commissioner Elizabeth Denham said in a statement Monday that they would request the warrant because Cambridge Analytica had been uncooperative with their investigation into whether the company illegally acquired and used Facebook data .
`` This is a complex and far-reaching investigation for my office and any criminal or civil enforcement actions arising from it will be pursued vigorously , '' they said .
Denham launched their investigation after weekend reports that Cambridge Analytica improperly used information from more than 50 million Facebook accounts . Facebook has suspended the company from the social network while it investigates the claims .
Advertisement
Facebook said Monday that it has put its own audit of the claims on hold at the request of the U.K. information commissioner .
The New York Times and the U.K. 's Guardian newspaper reported that the U.K.-based company obtained Facebook account data without the users ' knowledge and retained it after claiming it had been deleted . Chris Wylie , who once worked for Cambridge Analytica , was quoted as saying the company used the data to build psychological profiles so voters could be targeted with ads and stories .
Cambridge Analytica says the information was acquired from a contractor who was contractually obligated to comply with data-protection laws . None of the data was used in the Trump campaign , the company said .
`` I 'm not accepting their response so therefore I 'll be applying to the court for a warrant , '' Denham told Britain 's Channel 4 . `` We need to get in there , we need to look at the databases , we need to look at the servers and understand how data was processed or deleted by Cambridge Analytica . ''
The scandal has also triggered calls for further investigation from the European Union , as well as federal and state officials in the United States .
The head of the EU parliament said Monday that the bloc will investigate Facebook 's role in the case .
`` Allegations of misuse of Facebook user data is an unacceptable violation of our citizens ' privacy rights , '' Antonio Tajani tweeted . `` The European Parliament will investigate fully , calling digital platforms to account . ''
U.S. Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon and Connecticut Attorney General George Jepsen , both Democrats , have sought written responses from Facebook . Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey , also a Democrat , promised an investigation .
U.K. lawmakers have already called on Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to testify before a parliamentary committee .
___
Associated Press Writers Nick Jesdanun and Barbara Ortutay in New York contributed to this story
Rescue workers assisted by Thai navy SEALs started teaching some members of a young soccer team and their coach how to swim and dive Wednesday , nearly two weeks after they became trapped in a cave in northern Thailand .
The boys , aged 11-16 , and their 25-year-old coach , have been stranded deep inside the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in Thailand 's Chiang Rai province for 12 days . They disappeared after they went exploring after a soccer game on June 23 and were found by rescue divers late Monday .
But risky conditions including volatile water levels , challenging terrain and heavy rains forecast for the weekend have complicated plans to safely extract them .
Some of the boys do not know how to swim and flooding in the caves means the boys would likely have to dive to be able to escape , which rescue experts have said could be extremely dangerous , especially for people with no experience of scuba gear .
Thai media reported that the boys have been practicing using dive masks and other equipment but have not yet tried them out in water .
`` The water is very strong and space is narrow . Extracting the children takes a lot of people , '' Deputy Prime Minister Prawit Wongsuwan told reporters in Thailand on Wednesday . `` Now we are teaching the children to swim and dive , '' they said .
They added that if the high water levels fell , the team would be taken out quickly .
The British divers who found the squad said it took three hours to reach them , as they faced fast-moving currents and had to pull themselves along cave walls .
The boys and their coach were trapped in the cave by a sudden influx of water .
Chiang Rai provincial Gov . Narongsak Osatanakorn , the Thai official overseeing the rescue operation , said Wednesday that `` all 13 may not come out at the same time . If the condition is right and if that person is ready 100 % , they can come out . ''
But Narongsak said rescue teams are still looking for other ways to rescue the boys , such as locating alternative routes into the cave 's network of narrow passageways .
Some cave rescue experts have said it would be safer to keep the team supplied with essential food and medicine where they are for now and wait for the water levels to recede . However , that approach could take months , as Thailand 's monsoon season usually lasts through October . It 's also possible that conditions inside the cave could change . The boys were located taking shelter on a ledge surrounded by water more than a mile from the cave 's main entrance , and about half a mile below the surface .
Still , the boys and their coach reported that they were in good health in a brief video released Wednesday on the Thai navy SEALs Facebook page .
The SEALs , including medics , are staying with the team inside the cave and the boys are mostly in a stable condition after having received high-protein drinks .
The one-minute video shows the team together with the SEALs inside the darkened cave . While the boys are visibly thin , they appear to be in good spirits as they introduce themselves one-by-one to the camera . In the video , as a light is shone on each boy 's face they address the camera with head bowed and hands clasped together in a Thai prayer-like greeting known as `` wai . '' A few of the boys appear to be wearing soccer jerseys from international teams . One of them resembles the one worn by the England soccer squad in its Tuesday night World Cup victory over Colombia in Moscow .
At one point in the video , the boys laugh in response to an apparent joke made by a member of the rescue team . Experts have said that looking after the boys ' mental health will be key to ensuring they are able to safely take part in any rescue plan .
Thai authorities said they are working to install an Internet cable to the cave so that the parents of the boys can talk to their children . `` It 's like they have been given a new life , '' Kian Kamluang , whose 16-year-old son Pornchai is inside the cave , told the Associated Press . They said she 'll never let their son go into a cave or near water again .
The longest time anyone has survived while trapped underground is 69 days , according to Guinness World Records . In that incident , all 33 Chilean miners — known as the `` 33 of San Jose '' — made it safely back to the surface via a rescue capsule after they were trapped 2,257 ft below the surface after the collapse of a mine near Copiapo , Chile , in August 2010 . The gold-copper mine collapsed after an earthquake .
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
Hi ! We notice you 're using an ad blocker . Please consider whitelisting Autoblog .
We get it . Ads can be annoying . But ads are also how we keep the garage doors open and the lights on here at Autoblog - and keep our stories free for you and for everyone . And free is good , right ? If you 'd be so kind as to whitelist our site , we promise to keep bringing you great content . Thanks for that . And thanks for reading Autoblog .
Whitelist Us !
CANTON , Miss . ( AP ) — Nissan Motor Co. says it will increase van production at its Mississippi plant , adding a second shift in April .
The company made the announcement Monday as it marked the 4 millionth vehicle produced at the plant since it opened in 2003 .
Spokeswoman Lloryn Love-Carter says about 250 workers will be redeployed from other areas to staff the second shift assembling NV vans . The Canton plant is the only plant worldwide that makes the large vans for Nissan . The Japanese automaker sold about 18,000 NV vans in the United States last year , according to company figures .
About 6,400 Nissan employees and contractors work at the Canton complex .
Advertisement
The plant is donating a NV van to a Canton soup kitchen , Our Daily Bread Ministries , to mark its 4 millionth vehicle .
An elementary school teacher in Florida left a 4-year-old boy at home alone while they went to buy marijuana , authorities said .
Marsha Dolce , 26 , was arrested Saturday after the child was found wandering alone outside of their home in Davenport at about 6:49 a.m. while wearing only a T-shirt and underwear , according to the Polk County Sheriff 's Office .
Authorities would not say if the boy was Dolce 's son or not .
Dolce , a fourth-grade teacher at Lauren Elementary School in Poinciana , returned to their apartment complex on Village Way at about 7:51 a.m. and told deputies they had to leave the house unexpectedly just before 7 a.m. to help a friend whose car broke down .
Investigators later found marijuana in a grinding device on the kitchen counter and text messages on Dolce 's cellphone sent to them at 2:32 a.m. that morning , including one with an address in Winter Haven and another that read , “ I 'm here . ”
Dolce , who has been employed by the Polk County School Board for roughly three months , later admitted to deputies that they fabricated the story about their friend having car troubles , according to the sheriff 's office .
“ She told them that they wanted to get some marijuana and the 4-year-old boy was asleep , so they assumed they could go to Winter Haven quickly to meet a friend named Dre and get some from him , ” the Polk County Sheriff 's Office said in a news release . “ She said that they and Dre returned to their home , had consensual sex , and they took them back to Winter Haven . ”
The child , who was not identified , was later taken from Dolce 's custody . Dolce is now facing charges of negligent child abuse without great bodily harm , possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia .
“ This is not what we expect from a person in a position of public trust , ” Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd said in a statement . “ She left their four-year-old home alone to go find some marijuana . To think about this poor scared child crying in the street not knowing where mom was – it is just a shame and should not have happened . ”
A spokesperson for Polk County Public School told The Post that district officials are in the process of firing Dolce after their arrest .
'Wonderful initiative ' sees prisoners build toilet blocks for iwi moving home
There 's a movement in the far north for Maori to move back to their ancestral land , but those lands are sometimes without infrastructure .
Microsoft has briefly surpassed Google 's parent company Alphabet in market value for the first time in three years , suggesting a strong bounceback from a company widely regarded to have lost its way after Bill Gates left their post .
At the end of Wednesday 's regular trading session , Microsoft became the world 's third most valuable firm , beating Alphabet 's market value of US $ 739 billion ( $ 1.06t ) . The two companies swapped places with Alphabet taking the number four spot .
Microsoft 's stock price is now at US $ 98 per share - up 40 per cent in the past year .
Apple retains its spot as the most valuable company and Amazon holds the second position .
Advertisement
The changeover in places has only intensified the race between the four companies to become the first US business ever to land a trillion-dollar market cap .
Google and Microsoft have regularly swapped spots in market cap ranks in the past decade but Alphabet has been in a comfortable lead over Microsoft since Google was restructured into the umbrella company in 2015 .
This week , both Microsoft and Alphabet experienced a minor decline but the bigger drop recorded by Google aided Satya Nadella 's company . Both businesses , which are long-time rivals , compete directly in artificial intelligence , speech recognition and cloud computing . However , Microsoft has suffered a publicity problem of late .
The company 's former chief executive Steve Ballmer , in one of their last acts as Microsoft 's boss , notoriously pushed through a €5.4bn ( $ 9b ) acquisition of Nokia 's mobile phone business , in a desperate attempt to take on its old rival Apple .
Poor sales and a lack of developer backing , a necessity for making sure the phones came with apps and tools that consumers would want to buy , meant that within months of Nadella taking over , they began to dismantle the once leading mobile brand .
Microsoft 's new focus on the cloud and services such as Azure , which Nadella led before stepping up as chief executive in 2014 , has contributed to the company 's market value , with its recent advancements boosting investor confidence .
The company 's most important divisions have turned out to be its Office software such as Word , Excel and Outlook , along with the cloud . But instead of demanding victory , Nadella now talks about helping others .
Speaking on their successes in an interview with the Sunday Telegraph , they said : `` What we have learned is to just be consistent in building trust and just making sure that you 're not just measuring your success by your own success . ''
While Google is also betting big on its cloud services , it has not proved as popular as Azure .
Analysts believe that Microsoft could achieve the trillion-dollar market cap by the end of this year , and if the growth of Azure continues at this pace , the company could double its market value in a few years .
Apple is also in the race to become the world 's first trillion-dollar company and it has been considered the leader . But given the recent growth of Microsoft , the software giant is well positioned to achieve this market milestone first .
LOUISVILLE , Ky. ( AP ) — The Senate 's top leader says it 's `` premature '' to tout President Donald Trump for the Nobel Peace Prize in pursuing a peace deal with North Korea .
But Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell chuckled as they mentioned the `` chagrin '' it would cause the Nobel committee to award Trump the world 's most coveted diplomatic prize .
The Republican senator made the comments this week to WHAS-AM in their home state of Kentucky .
U.S. and North Korean officials are continuing talks aimed at salvaging a summit between Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un . McConnell says the U.S. should always be `` skeptical '' when dealing with North Korea , but says it 's good that Trump and Kim could meet .
YORK , Pa. ( AP ) — A man who called police on a group of black women golfers accused of playing too slowly at a Pennsylvania golf club denied to dispatchers that they were acting out of racism .
Grandview Golf Club in York issued an apology following the April 21 incident . The women were club members and have described the experience , which began at the second hole , as demeaning and discriminatory .
In one of two recordings of calls to police posted by the York Daily Record , the caller says the group was `` holding everybody up '' and one of the women accused the golf club of racism . They said no weapons were involved `` other than their mouth . ''
The caller told a dispatcher , `` We have a tough situation here with a group of golfers that decides they do n't want to abide by the rules . ''
Advertisement
Saying one woman in the group had accused the club of racism , they said `` We 're not being racist . We 're being golf course management that has to have play moving a certain way . ''
No charges were filed , but the confrontation came amid two other similar incidents . A Starbucks employee called police on two black men in Philadelphia because they had n't bought anything in the store . Police handcuffed and arrested them . And employees of an LA Fitness in New Jersey wrongly accused a black member and their guest of not paying to work out and called police .
One Piece has no shortage of characters or Easter eggs . One character , Mr. Minamoto , was first revealed in the late 1990s , but never officially appeared in the manga 's storyline . Until now .
Way back in 1998 , a One Piece reader asked why a tavern door repaired after mountain bandits broke it down . Eiichiro Oda replied , “ That 's the handiwork of Mr. Minatomo , the carpenter . He 's very impatient , and if they see a broken door or whatnot , they have to repair it right away . It was by no means my mistake . ”
It was probably a mistake !
( Above is Mr. Minatomo 's first appearance in the reply to a reader question in 1998 . )
Advertisement
Since then , the character has appeared several times in the anime as a non-canonical Easter egg . However , the most recent issue of One Piece , Chapter 909 , finally features Mr. Minatomo 's official manga debut .
In the latest One Piece , Mr. Minatomo appears in two manga panels and complements Franky for the wall they built .
This character 's official debut only took over 850 chapters . That 's all !
For more on the One Piece manga , check out Viz.com .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The boss of TSB has apologised for IT issues which left online customers unable to access their money and some able to see other people 's accounts .
Paul Pester said they were `` deeply sorry '' for the problems as data and banking watchdogs confirmed they were looking into the situation .
Customers complained of problems with mobile and online accounts several hours after a system upgrade was supposed to have been completed on Sunday .
One customer said they had `` access '' to other customers ' accounts totalling more than £20,000 and another reportedly discovered they had been credited with £13,000 after logging back in .
A number of customers complained that they were still unable to access their money on Monday morning .
Mr Pester said the systems had been taken offline again to enable further work and promised that no customers would be left `` out of pocket '' as a result of the problems .
The Information Commissioner 's Office , which monitors data and privacy , said : `` We are aware of a potential data breach in relation to TSB and are making inquiries . ''
Banking regulator the Financial Conduct Authority said : `` We are aware of the issue and are liaising with the firm . ''
MPs demanded answers from the bank about the IT melt down .
Treasury Select Committee chairperson Nicky Morgan wrote to Mr Pester asking for details of the problems and the bank 's response .
They said : `` This is yet another addition to the litany of failures of banking IT systems .
`` Potentially millions of customers could be affected by uncertainty and disruption .
`` It simply is n't good enough to expose customers to IT failures , including delays in paying bills and an inability to access their own money .
`` Warm words and platitudes will not suffice . TSB customers deserve to know what has happened , when normal services will resume , and how they can expect to be compensated . ''
TSB said a `` tiny fraction '' of customers saw accounts belonging to other customers and the issue was resolved in about 20 minutes .
The bank had told its account holders that some of its services , including online banking , making payments or transferring money , would not be possible over the weekend .
The upgrade window was scheduled between Friday at 4pm and Sunday at 6pm .
TSB 's social media team faced a stream of complaints from customers , including several who said they could see other people 's accounts after logging back in on Sunday evening .
Craig Malcom tweeted : `` @ TSB I currently have access to £20k+ of other peoples money .
`` This is a MASSIVE breach of data protection ! If i have access to their account they could have to mine as well ! ''
Another Twitter user called Bex said : `` @ TSB so go to my app and have someone else 's accounts there ! ! ! ! Serious dpa ( Data Protection Act ) breach ! Want to speak to someone now and a half an hour wait ! ! What would the FCA ( Financial Conduct Authority ) say about this ! ! ! Might just inform them a bank is giving away other people 's account numbers '' .
Laim McKenzie , from Paisley in Scotland , told the BBC they had been unexpectedly credited with thousands of pounds after logging back in after 6pm on Sunday .
`` My balance , because of my overdraft , is in minus , but my balance was showing at £13,000 , '' they said .
The Santa Barbara School of Squash , a member of the National Urban Squash & Education Association , sent three of its top-ranked students to participate in the 2013 National Urban Junior Squash Championships on June 13-16 .
Miguel Nava competed in the Boys ' Under 17 division , David Quintero competed in the Boys ' Under 15 division and Sebastian Paredes competed in the Boys ' Under 13 division .
The boys and SBSOS Squash Director Orla O'Doherty jumped on a plane from LAX to Boston on June 13 as they headed off to Williams College in Massachusetts for this prestigious event .
Nava was the No . 1 seed going into the tournament , while Quintero and Paredes were both seeded No . 3 in their age groups .
With more than 300 participants , the atmosphere was electric . All 13 NUSEA programs were represented at the tournament and was a testament to all the hard work these urban programs put into getting their students prepared .
After five grueling matches each at the tournament , both Nava and Paredes were victorious in their divisions and became National Urban Champions . Quintero finished in third place in their age group . That 's two national championships for Santa Barbara !
The Santa Barbara School of Squash is a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) nonprofit after-school program for low-income families in Santa Barbara . The sport of squash is used as a catalyst to get students engaged in academics , and participate in community service activities in the community that supports them .
The program has been operating for seven years and is based out of the Santa Barbara Athletic Club and the Westside Neighborhood Center . Participants in the program attend as many as five days a week learning to play squash , getting academic support from our volunteers , as well as engaging in community service and enrichment activities throughout the year . This year , we graduated our first senior who is attending the University of Oregon in the fall .
We are so proud of Miguel , David and Sebastian and their performances . The boys worked very hard leading up to this event , and it paid off as they brought home two national championships .
In May , the International Olympic Committee decided in favor of squash , wrestling and baseball/softball to be listed among the top three finalists of “ new sports ” that are being considered for the 2020 Olympic games . As a finalist , squash was selected from eight sports , and the final decision will be announced on Sept. 8 .
To learn more about the Santa Barbara School of Squash or to volunteer , click here or contact Executive Director Debbie Brown at 805.570.9970 or . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) .
— Debbie Brown is a executive director of the Santa Barbara School of Squash .
CAPE TOWN , South Africa `` Scores Monday at stumps on Day 1 of the second cricket test between South Africa and Sri Lanka at Newlands .
___
South Africa 297-6 in 90 overs ( Dean Elgar 129 , Quinton de Kock 68 not out ; Lahiru Kumara 3-86 , Suranga Lakmal 2-69 ) .
A man suspected of felony DUI after a crash that left a Canadian couple seriously injured appeared in court Thursday , though a date for their preliminary hearing has not been set yet .
Martin Maguire , 51 , of Montecito was arrested on felony DUI charges on May 29 , after police reported that Maguire 's SUV slammed into James Atwood , 63 , and their wife , Ellen , 59 , who were riding their motorcycle and suffered major injuries in the collision .
Officers on the scene told Noozhawk that the collision occurred as the pair were following another couple on a motorcycle westbound on the 800 block of Old Coast Highway , near the Montecito Country Club , after Maguire 's Toyota 4Runner SUV crossed over the center line , striking the couple head-on .
Both victims have had legs amputated , and after an extended stay at Cottage Hospital they were flown Sunday to a hospital near their home in Orangeville , Ontario .
Last week , Santa Barbara County Superior Court Judge Thomas Adams refused to reduce Maguire 's bail and allow their release . Maguire has posted their $ 100,000 bail and is out of custody .
They have entered a not-guilty plea .
Maguire is facing charges of driving under the influence and special allegations of causing great bodily injury to the Atwoods , according to the criminal complaint against him .
Maguire 's blood alcohol is not available because their lab results are still pending , the complaint states .
On Jan. 6 , 2009 , Maguire was arrested at 1706 Cliff Drive , according to police records obtained by Noozhawk .
“ Fire personnel followed a vehicle on Cliff Drive and reported to police the vehicle appeared to be swerving into oncoming traffic , ” the report states .
Officers responded and said Maguire 's speech was slurred and that they were unable to complete a series of field sobriety tests .
“ In a search of their vehicle , a bottle of medication was located with four different types of pills inside , ” two of which — Lorezapam and Hydrocodone — Maguire did not have a prescription for .
Maguire 's charges were ultimately reduced from DUI to reckless driving , and they were sentenced to a year of probation and a $ 1,040 fine , court records show .
Senior Deputy District Attorney Arnie Tolks said Thursday that Maguire is scheduled to be back in court July 9 , and a preliminary hearing most likely will be set then .
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter : @ noozhawk , @ NoozhawkNews and @ NoozhawkBiz . Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook .
2:24 How Boise police respond to hate crimes Pause
0:51 The day Idaho 's Teton Dam broke
0:08 Instant horse racing : What the machine looks like
1:23 Truckstop.com now hiring in Boise
1:39 The aftermath of Idaho 's Teton Dam collapse
0:17 Horse rescued from Eagle pool
2:21 `` Side country '' skiing at Soldier Mountain in Fairfield , Idaho
2:54 Indivisible Idaho delivers petition calling for town meeting
5:01 Trump talks about Russia accusations , business dealings in first post-election press conference
WASHINGTON : US Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen made it clear on Tuesday ( Wednesday in Manila ) that interest rate hikes are coming , and could happen at any time .
It was the signal analysts were looking for to confirm their belief the next increase in the benchmark rate could come as soon as the March 14-15 meeting , even though their comments mostly echoed what they have said multiple times before .
At the same time Yellen weighed into the debate over spending plans and tax cuts promised by President Donald Trump , as well as potential immigration limits , cautioning about measures that could bust the budget or slow economic growth .
While treading carefully and not commenting on specific policies — of which there are few in any case — Yellen responded to a question with a warning that US fiscal outlook has been “ a long standing problem . ”
With an aging population and rising health care costs , the budget is “ already not sustainable , ” they told the Senate Banking Committee in the first day of their semi-annual testimony , their first since Trump took office .
“ Some of the policies that are being discussed might well raise deficits and … may also have impacts on economic growth . ”
However , there simply is not enough “ clarity ” on the policies , and the impact on the economy will depend on their “ timing and composition . ”
Yellen did not elaborate on the kinds of policies they would like to see , but the Fed frequently has stressed that sluggish economic growth is partly the result of the small increases in productivity in recent years , and has encouraged spending on projects focused on that .
The fear is that pumping money into an economy near full employment will ignite inflation , unless the policies are geared toward improving productive capacity , for example through improved infrastructure such as roads , ports and airports .
Inflation is the Fed 's primary enemy and policies that set off a spending spree in the economy risk pushing the central bank to raise interest rates faster .
Although Trump criticized the Fed during the campaign for keeping rates near zero to help then-president Barack Obama , they are unlikely to look favorably on higher rates that would crimp economic growth and investment .
Yellen warned that curbing immigration could slow already sluggish US economic growth .
Immigrants help increase the pool of available workers in the US labor force as older workers age out , which is key to increasing slow growth and the “ depressingly slow ” productivity growth , they said .
“ So slowing the pace of immigration probably would slow the growth rate of the economy . ”
Trump 's immigration policies have included an order barring entry to nationals from seven Muslim-majority countries , since blocked by the courts , as well as nationwide raids to scoop up and deport illegal immigrants with criminal records .
‘ Every meeting is live '
Yellen presented an upbeat view of the economy , with labor market conditions continuing to improve and inflation slowly inching up to the Fed 's two percent target . They confirmed the next rate increase could come at any time .
If those factors continue to improve as expected , “ it probably will be appropriate to raise interest rates further , ” they said .
Yellen said they could not be specific on the timing , but “ every meeting is live ” — a signal analysts were looking for , as many have raised the chances for a rate increase at next month 's policy meeting .
The Fed 's policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee raised rates in December for only the second time in a decade , a year after its first post-crisis increase , but kept rates steady in January .
Next month 's meeting will be followed by Yellen 's quarterly press conference , which heightens the anticipation for a policy move .
But their testimony featured mostly familiar statements , including repeating that “ monetary policy is not on a preset course , ” and decisions will be made “ in response to changes to the economic outlook and associated risks as informed by the economic data . ”
Yellen also said , as they have before , that waiting too long to raise rates would be “ unwise , ” as it might force the central bank to increase them more quickly later .
They noted that job gains averaged 190,000 a month in the second half of 2016 , wage growth has picked up , and the unemployment rate is at 4.8 percent .
At the same time , the personal consumption expenditures index — the inflation measure the Fed watches closely — rose to 1.6 percent in December , still low but heading in the right direction . AFP
AFP/CC
Pointe Claire , Quebec ( webnewswire ) December 11 , 2017 – Future Electronics , a global leading distributor of electronic components , has announced a new global distribution agreement with Indium Corporation .
Indium is a premier material supplier to the global electronics , semiconductor , thin film , thermal management , and solar markets . Their products include solders and fluxes , brazes , thermal interface materials , sputtering targets , indium , gallium , germanium , tin metals , and inorganic compounds .
Robert Miller , President of Future Electronics , thanked their team for their efforts in finalizing the new distribution agreement , which will further expand the company 's products , services , and solutions for its global customer base .
Robert Miller founded Future Electronics in 1968 , and the company currently ranks third in component sales worldwide .
For more information about Future Electronics and access to the world 's largest available-to-sell inventory , including industry-leading products from Indium Corporation , visit : www.FutureElectronics.com .
About Future Electronics
Future Electronics is a global leader in electronics distribution , ranking 3rd in component sales worldwide , with an impressive reputation for developing efficient , comprehensive global supply chain solutions , as well as providing differentiated engineering services encompassing technical support , technology training and custom board design . Founded in 1968 by Robert Miller , President , Future Electronics has established itself as one of the most innovative organizations in the industry today , with 5,500 employees in 169 offices in 44 countries around the world . Future Electronics is globally integrated , with one worldwide IT infrastructure providing real-time inventory availability and access , while enabling full integration of its operations , sales and marketing worldwide . Offering the highest level of service , the most advanced engineering capabilities and technical solutions through all stages of the design-production cycle , and the largest available-to-sell inventory in the world , Future 's mission is always to Delight the Customer® .
For more information , visit www.FutureElectronics.com .
Media Contact
Martin H. Gordon
Director , Corporate Communications
FUTURE ELECTRONICS
www.FutureElectronics.com
514-694-7710 ( ext . 2236 )
Fax : 514-630-2671
martin.gordon @ FutureElectronics.com
# # #
Teachers have been warned to think carefully about becoming friends on Facebook with their students .
The general secretary of the Teachers ' Union of Ireland John MacGabhann told delegates at its annual conference in Cork that such moves were “ ill advised ” .
“ On balance , we must advise that this tends to narrow the necessary professional distance that should be maintained .
“ Virtual friendships can wax and wane . Photographs can quickly lose their context . People – however innocent their intent – can be professionally damaged and compromised . ”
Mr MacGabhann also warned teachers about comments they may make on social media and said some TUI members had “ occasionally endangered their employment and landed themselves in the stew legally ” .
Speak in haste
They said there was a growing tendency –from which some of the union 's members were not immune – to speak electronically and therefore indelibly in haste or worse still , in anger .
“ Words thus spoken can not be recalled and sometimes betray a person 's worst instincts , where pause and prudence would suggest a different course , content and tone .
“ Our strong advice is to be slow and circumspect in committing words to the electronic page . Pause before you press . Think . If you have any inkling that what you are about to send carries risk , do n't send it . The immediate gratification of scratching an itch might be short lived .
What should be settled off-line between two antagonists now far too frequently turns into a cyber spectator sport
“ Equally , avoid being drawn into complicity or cahoots with one side or the other in an on-line falling-out or feud . What should be settled off-line between two antagonists now far too frequently turns into a cyber spectator sport in which settling issues is made very difficult . Life is too short for such nonsense . ”
Mr MacGabhann also criticised some employers for “ irresponsible and over-bearing use of information technology and social media to effectively place staff on a 24/7 roster ” .
They suggested that some employers expected their “ every electronic utterance to be followed enthusiastically by an instant or near instant response ” .
“ In such circumstances the text , tweet or email borders on harassment and the social media become anti-social . Our advice to members is blunt – if contacted unreasonably do not respond . You are under no obligation to respond . It is not a contractual duty . Better still , turn off your phone , your tablet , your laptop . Hit the switch . ”
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
John Terry is weighing up their next move in football after leaving Aston Villa .
Offers to continue playing in the MLS and in China have already been received but Terry may focus on developing their coaching career instead .
A return to Chelsea in the future is likely and Blues hero Pat Nevin reckons they will comfortably make the transition into management .
“ I 've not seen a player in the past couple of decades where I 've thought ‘ there 's perfect managerial material ' more than John Terry , ” Nevin said on 5 Live .
“ No player , none at all . Not even close . Just by watching him .
“ Not watching them on the tele , not watching them in games , but just watching them off the pitch and watching their reactions with other people within the group , within the squad .
“ Where John Terry will end up , will they play again ?
“ Will they have another year ? China or America , who knows ? ”
Terry is currently on holiday weighing up their options .
Leaving speech
“ Today I part ways with Aston Villa Football Club .
“ I 'm very proud to have had the opportunity to play and captain this great and huge club .
“ I have given my everything this year both on and off the pitch and I 'm still hurting today that we never managed to get back to the Premier League , where this club 100 % belongs .
The Tony Xia statement all Aston Villa fans must read
“ I would like to thank Steve Bruce who was instrumental in me joining Villa .
“ I have learnt so much from them as a manger this season that will stay with me forever .
“ Also , I 'd like to thank all the staff and players and our owner Dr Tony , who it was a real pleasure and honour to work with everyday .
“ Finally , a special thank you to the Villa supporters who have supported us both home and away in their thousands , up and down the country and have been amazing to me on a personal level .
“ Villa will always have a place in my heart and I will look back on my time here and think about how close we were to reaching our goal .
“ But now going forward , I would like to wish the management , staff , players and supporters good luck for the future . @ avfcofficial . ”
In a statement this evening , the club thanked last season 's skipper for their efforts after their one-year deal expired :
`` We would like to place on record our most sincere thanks for the effort and professionalism they showed with us last season .
`` John is a true leader and was everything and more that we hoped . Hugely popular and influential in the dressing room , they played a real captain 's role in creating the incredible bond the players shared with our supporters , and vice-versa .
`` We hope they look back on their time with Villa fondly and we wish them the very best as their career moves forward . ''
German free agent linked as Aston Villa 's bargain-hunting begins
Xia statement
Aston Viilla chairperson Tony Xia has admitted that Aston Villa need to make widespread changes after failing to win promotion back to the Premier League .
The owner issued a statement this evening to explain that there will be a different approach next season as Villa embark on a third season in the Championship .
This is what they said in full :
`` I know that all the Villa fans experienced a very frustrating and disappointing Play-Off Final last Saturday .
`` After seeing many Villa supporters on Twitter hoping that I can publish a statement as soon as possible , I feel like it would be best for me to write the following words when I am relatively calm .
`` I care as much about this club as anyone .
`` Even though I am back in Beijing , I still ca n't recover from our game at Wembley .
`` The emotion needs time to heal .
`` However , I know that all our management staff , coaches , players and myself need to get back on our feet and prepare to fight again .
`` Like everyone else , I 'm delighted to see that under Steve 's management this season , we demonstrated character and unity .
`` We fought like a team .
`` Indeed , the loss is a pity , but we know how much effort and hard work our coaching staff and players put in this season .
`` I want to thank Steve from the bottom of my heart , particularly for their remarkable level of professional focus despite losing their parents this year .
`` With that , I would like to say thank you to Steve and their coaching staff once again for leading the team forward wholeheartedly throughout the season .
`` We are all aware that we will face severe FFP challenges next season .
`` I am an Aston Villa fan . But I am also a business person . Under the current circumstances , I think the club needs to rethink not only the past two years but also the past ten years .
`` Villa needs to be a sustainable football club . People join . People leave .
`` That is the cycle of football .
`` But the football club always remains through it all .
`` This is the ultimate reality that can not be changed , but I can assure you that everyone behind the scenes is working tirelessly towards achieving our ultimate goal .
`` We have been heavily investing for the past two seasons .
`` However , the loss on Saturday means that we need to change a lot of things .
`` No one wanted to see the club have to go through this , but I believe that only changes can help the club to progress towards the positive direction and this requires the joint efforts of everyone associated with this great football club .
`` No matter what the changes will be , I sincerely hope that everyone can unite and overcome the challenges together .
`` Our goal has not changed and as long as we believe , regardless of how tough the process will be , I am sure we will succeed in the end .
`` Thank you very much once again for all your support .
Chairman Dr Tony Xia ``
Black hole
Aston Villa will need to find around £40m-£45m from player sales and wage cuts to fall in line with Financial Fair Play , Birmingham Live understands .
A football finance expert has explained how Villa 's failure to win promotion back to the Premier League this term has left them seriously counting the cost this summer .
The claret and blues may have to sell prized asset Jack Grealish to cover costs and there 's no chance of turning any of the loan signings into permanent deals .
`` The FFP black hole is between £40m and £45m , '' a source told us .
Aston Villa player suspended for making 'obscene gestures ' on the pitch
`` Villa have gambled with expensive players on big wages but there will need to be a reality check this summer . ''
Boss Steve Bruce admitted that cuts will need to be made .
When asked if players would be sold , Bruce replied :
`` Yes .
`` This season has been difficult , financially .
“ We understand , or I have understood , about Financial Fair Play .
`` But the discussions will need to be held above me to say what we have or have n't got . ''
The powers-that-be are in the process of holding those talks .
German free agent linked as Aston Villa 's bargain-hunting begins
Saturday 's defeat against Fulham in the play-off final is still very raw but the club are starting to moving forward .
These things take time , of course , and more will be revealed in the times ahead as Villa come to terms with another season in the Championship .
Elsewhere , a report was also published today by Swiss Ramble - a business & football blog- which highlighted some of the problems Villa are facing up to .
Meanwhile another expert says Aston Villa 's predicament is ‘ really severe ' and has predicted sales this summer .
Villa were resigned to a third successive season of Championship football with defeat at Wembley .
Bruce 's expensively-assembled squad is now expected to be broken up this summer as the club desperately attempt to stay within Financial Fair Play restrictions .
The club 's most valuable asset , Grealish , is already being linked with a host of Premier League sides with Villa likely to sell at least one of their top players .
Kieran Maguire , a lecturer in football finance at the University of Liverpool , discussed Villa 's problems at length with the BBC .
Cash cuts
“ It 's really severe for Villa because this is the second year they 've had parachute payments . They got around £35million from the Premier League to cushion the blow of relegation .
“ Those payments get cut back severely next year so they 're going to have £20million less coming in . I think the problem for Villa is that the owner has gambled in the last couple of years on recruiting players on big wages .
Aston Villa shunned by midfielder as promotion failure sees club 'lose some appeal ' - reports
Colossal wage bill
“ The average wage at Villa is nearly £30,000 a week and it 's simply not sustainable in the Championship .
“ It 's going to be a very big summer . They 're going to have to sell the crown jewels , I suspect . The problem that they 're going to have is that other clubs know they 're in a financial pickle and they 'll be trying to get them on the cheap .
“ If you take a look at their first season in the Championship , they were losing around £800,000 a week , and that was on parachute payments of around £40million .
“ Next season it 's down to around about £15million so there 's got to be severe cutbacks . I 'd be very surprised if John Terry stays because they would have been on a decent wage .
“ Scott Hogan has been disappointing and I 've seen their contract , and that 's eye-watering . Ross McCormack has been a disaster since day one .
“ The problem is that no other clubs will go near these players . They might manage to get them out on loan and Villa will probably still have to pay 80 per cent of the wages just to get them away from the club .
Aston Villa transfer 'compulsory ' regardless of division - says club chief
Decision time
`` Then you have the owner , who 's based in China – he 's going to have to work out whether they continue to bankroll the club to the same extent .
“ There are a lot of alarm bells going round and that 's when the vultures start to crowd and pick off things on the cheap , and that will be the big shame for Villa because they do have some good players .
“ If they want to play in the Premier League then fair play to them , but I think it 's whether or not they 'll be able to get a fair price for them which will be the big worry for Villa fans . ”
Assessing the summer
Aston Villa 's worst nightmare has become a reality and testing times lie ahead .
The books were balanced , to an extent , last summer by manager Steve Bruce as several players departed to boost the coffers .
Ex-England and Chelsea captain John Terry , Glenn Whelan , Ahmed Elmohamady and Chris Samba were all handed lucrative contracts with the funds raised and Bruce utilised their contacts book to snap up three players on loan .
With five players out of contract , five loanees to return to their parent clubs , six players set to return from loan spells away and lots more to be decided , this is the most important summer transfer window in Aston Villa 's 144-year history .
Dr Tony Xia cut a glum figure as Sky Sports ' cameras zoned in on them during the latter stages of Villa 's play-off final defeat to Fulham .
It has n't panned out the way the Chinese business person planned after buying out Randy Lerner two years ago .
Xia and their trusted Villa Park colleagues face some big decisions this summer .
Who leads Villa ?
The first big decision Xia , chief executive Keith Wyness and director of football Steve Round have to make centres around manager Steve Bruce .
By their own admission Bruce has failed to achieve what was asked of them this term .
The manager has previously hinted that they ‘ wo n't be here next year ' if promotion was n't achieved .
Meanwhile , during a meeting with Villa supporters ' groups , neither Wyness nor Round committed to keeping Bruce on as manager in the event of Wembley failure .
With four Championship promotions on their CV and an enviable queue of Premier League managers willing to do them favours , Bruce has all the skills Villa require .
“ I will roll my sleeves up and get stuck into it again next season as long as the people above me see that I 'm fit to do it , ” Bruce said of their future in the immediate aftermath of Villa 's Wembley woe . “ I will carry on .
“ I 've been doing it for a long time and I 'm in charge of a great club with a big history and tradition . ”
With Bruce apparently intent on giving promotion another crack , the ball is firmly in the Villa hierarchy 's court .
Government considering independent animal commissioner after recent footage of mistreatment
The Green Party is also asking if CCTV surveillance on farms and slaughterhouses should be considered .
The Georgia teacher gave kids an assignment requiring them to partake in Nazi propaganda , causing parents to urge the school to do something about it .
A public school teacher in Georgia thought it was a good idea to ask their sixth grade students to create Nazi mascots . Now , she 's under investigation .
Read More Teacher Under Fire For Asking Students To Think Like KKK Members
The homework assignment asked Shiloh Middle School students to pretend it was 1935 . The exercise prompted them to envision they “ have been tasked with creating a mascot to represent the Nazi party at its political rallies , ” the teacher also asked the kids to “ create a COLORFUL illustration of the mascot ” and give it a name .
If that was n't enough , the assignment went on to ask the children to “ write an explanation as to why the mascot was chosen to represent the Nazi party . ”
When the students went home and showed their parents the homework they had been assigned , many thought they were joking .
According to Jamie Brown — the father of one of the 11-year-olds in the class — this assignment was everything but constructive .
As a matter of fact , they told Fox 5 , the homework was “ demeaning . ”
“ I do n't understand it , really to be honest , that we 're actually creating a mascot for an individual that murdered thousands of people , ” they said . “ I guess I 'm the voice for the voiceless , for the kids that ca n't question the authority of the teacher , ca n't question the legitimacy of the assignment that 's given out . ”
In an effort to correct the wrongs committed by this teacher , Brown said , the school should issue a formal apology . Still , they added , they will never trust the school again .
“ From this day forward , I will be checking every homework assignment coming home from Shiloh Middle School . ”
When asked to comment , Gwinnett County school district spokesperson Sloan Roach said that the homework was handed to students during a Social Studies class and that the material was never approved by the district .
“ This assignment is not a part of the approved materials provided by our Social Studies department and is not appropriate and the school is addressing the use of this assignment with the teacher , ” Roach explained .
Commenting on this story , the NAACP Atlanta chapter President Richard Rose said that he , too , was unaware how this type of assignment could create any positive discussions or messages .
“ When you think about a mascot for something , you think it 's a good thing — mascot for your college , mascot for your high school . This is nothing to celebrate , ” they added .
Gwinnett County school district officials say they are addressing this case and are investigating the teacher behind the assignment as parents ask officials to reprimand them
It 's quite shocking that in 2017 , this educator thought it was acceptable to frame the racist and divisive philosophies of the Nazi regime in a positive light . But then again , we live in the President Donald Trump era where this type of inflamed rhetoric has become the norm .
Still , this teacher should know better as they appeared to be giving them students an idea that they should be celebrating the Nazis by coming up with mascots . Thankfully , mindful and caring parents were able to catch on to the absurdity of this assignment in time to help prevent similar incidents from happening again .
Read More Racist School Assignment Gives Students A Budget To Buy Slaves
Banner/Thumbnail Credit : REUTERS , Ralph Orlowski
In the last year , there 's been a big drop in support for charter schools , while other forms of school choice are getting a little less unpopular . That 's the top line of a national poll released today .
President Trump and their education secretary Betsy DeVos have put school choice front and center on their education agenda . The general idea of `` choice , '' however , takes many forms .
Charter schools are paid for by tax dollars , charge no tuition and are managed independently of public school districts .
Vouchers allow students to use tax dollars to pay tuition at private schools .
Tax-credit scholarships , now available in 17 states , which allow individuals and companies to get a tax credit for donating to scholarship funds that are used in turn for private school tuition .
U.S. opinion on these ideas seems to be shifting , according to a new poll from EducationNext , an opinion and policy journal associated with free-market education reform ideas . They 've been asking similar questions for the past decade .
Here are the latest results :
Charters : Last year 51 percent of the public supported `` the formation of charter schools '' ; this year it 's just 39 percent , a 12 point drop in one year .
Vouchers : 45 percent are either strongly or somewhat supportive of universal vouchers . That 's a bounce from last year , but more or less in line with the five years before .
Tax credits : This was the most popular form of school choice with 55 percent of the general public supporting this year ; also a one-year bounce , but in line with longer-term trends .
There 's no one obvious explanation for the change in opinion on charter schools . The drop was seen among both Democrats and Republicans and amongst all racial and ethnic groups .
`` That 's the largest change on any survey item , and one of the largest single-year changes in opinion that we 've seen over the 11-year history of the survey , '' Martin West , the editor-in-chief of EducationNext , said on a press conference call .
The wording of the question — about the formation of charter schools — may hold a clue . In theory , it might be possible to have very positive feelings about the charter schools currently in your community , yet still oppose new ones .
And the expansion of charters is exactly what communities around the country have been fighting over .
Last year the NAACP and Black Lives Matter called for a moratorium on the growth of charter schools ( the NAACP called more recently for a ban on for-profit management of these schools ) . The state of Massachusetts saw a bruising fight over its charter cap . Detroit 's proliferation of charters has been labeled `` a glut '' and `` chaos . '' And charter expansion was the central issue in the school board race in Los Angeles , one of the biggest public school districts in the country .
The nationally representative poll breaks down respondents by political party , and there 's a clear partisan divide on many issues , even as public opinion shifts . Last year , for example , 57 percent of Democrats favored universal vouchers , against 45 percent of Republicans . This year they 've switched places : 62 percent of Republicans like them and only 50 percent of Democrats agree .
Zeroing in on that political divide , pollsters also measured what they called the `` Trump effect . '' That is , how do responses change when some people are told that the president supports or opposes a particular issue ?
They found that self-identified Republicans are more likely to support an issue if they are informed that Trump also supports it , while Democrats are the opposite . However , Trump 's net influence is nearly nil , which makes them less of a force than President Obama was in this poll in 2009 . Back then , when respondents on all sides were told the new President supported an education issue , they were more likely to back it , by double digits .
This poll , then , serves as a snapshot of what some have called the breakdown of a long-standing bipartisan consensus on education that dated back to No Child Left Behind .
Still , there is one enduring issue where blue- and red-state opinions are near-identical : approval of the local public schools . 55 percent of Republicans and 54 percent of Democrats give local schools a B or an A .
For many women , growing up you assume that one day you 'll be able to have children . It might be fairly far down the agenda , but you take it as a given that one day you 'll have a family of your own .
It does n't always work out like that for everyone , however ; one in seven couples in the UK experience issues when trying to conceive , and it can be a deeply distressing time for couples desperate to become parents .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
There are many reasons you or your partner might have fertility issues ; polycystic ovaries , a low sperm count , the list goes on . But according to new research carried out by experts at McGill University in Quebec , Canada , there might be one factor you 'd never considered that could impact your ability to conceive : how old your mum was when they had to you .
The study , published in the Human Reproduction journal , analysed the data of over 43,000 women , and found that a high number of women with no children had been born to older mothers themselves . No similar correlation was found when it came to older fathers .
Rex
Nearly 20 % of the assessed women born to mothers over the age of 30 never had children themselves . And while the scientists were unable to conclude whether this is down to choice , or whether the women had actually struggled to conceive , there is some speculation that girls born to older mothers may suffer some genetic damage that impacts fertility .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
This possible genetic damage has not been scientifically proven , however , and the McGill University acknowledges it : `` We had no knowledge of whether childlessness was intentional , '' the notes read , adding that all they had managed to prove was that `` the association with childlessness was highly consistent . ''
But if there is any scientific truth to this theory that being born to an older mother could reduce your chance of having kids later in life yourself , the effects of this will surely start to become clearer over the next few decades . The average age of first-time mothers in the UK has increased year-on-year , with the most common age now standing at 28.8 years old . 54 % of all women who gave birth in 2016 were aged 30 or over , indicating that couples are leaving it later to have kids these days .
If age does have an impact on daughters ' future fertility , in the next twenty or thirty years , when the babies being born now are considering starting families of their own , it will certainly be obvious if incidences of fertility issues increase .
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF GIF : 6lassic
Today Fortnite added sticky grenades , the secret best shooter weapon of all time as proven by Halo . The game 's player base , composed of every human currently alive and a few long thought dead , has already come up with devious ways to use them .
Clinger grenades , as they 're known in Fortnite , stick to any character you toss them at . So while you absolutely can pick up a slick double-elimination by sticking an enemy who 's already under attack , you 've got options . For example , you can stick clingers to your squadmates , tell them to charge the nearest enemy , and , well , you can probably guess where this is going :
Advertisement
Similarly , you probably should n't get complacent after landing a clutch stick , because there 's a solid chance that your foe will come running straight at you :
Or flying to you , as it were :
Advertisement
Clingers are also great for wrecking even the hastiest escape plans :
Then , of course , there 's the classic : posthumous revenge via last-second stick . It 's as satisfying as it is ultimately meaningless :
Advertisement
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF GIF : jerm_1
Players are currently discussing whether clingers are massively OP or so bad that they 're not even worth an inventory slot . If nothing else , though , they 're definitely entertaining .
The recently published report titled Global Gaussmeters Industry 2018 Market Research Report is an in depth study providing complete analysis of the industry for the period 2018 – 2025 . It provides complete overview of Global Gaussmeters considering all the major industry trends , market dynamics and competitive scenario .
The Global Gaussmeters Industry Report 2018 is an in depth study analyzing the current state of the Global Gaussmeters . It provides brief overview of the market focusing on definitions , market segmentation , end-use applications and industry chain analysis . The study on Global Gaussmeters provides analysis of China market covering the industry trends , recent developments in the market and competitive landscape . Competitive analysis includes competitive information of leading players in China market , their company profiles , product portfolio , capacity , production , and company financials . In addition , report also provides upstream raw material analysis and downstream demand analysis along with the key development trends and sales channel analysis . Research study on Global Gaussmeters also discusses the opportunity areas for investors .
The report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market .
Click Here To Get Request Sample : http : //globalqyresearch.com/download-sample/339745
Reasons to Buy this Report
The research report will enrich your decision-making capability by helping you to –
Design and improve your product development and sales strategies and enhancing your marketing activities
Develop business strategies by understanding the market dynamics and developments driving the Global Gaussmeters
Develop market-entry strategies and effective ways to sustain competition
Create merger and acquisition opportunities by identifying the market players with the most innovative pipelines
Identify the regional market potential which would further help in designing regional market strategies
Understand the competitive scenario in the Global Gaussmeters
Take more informed business decisions by relying on the insightful opinions from industry experts
Why Global QY Research ?
Technically acclaimed Analysts with complete industry knowhow
Robust research methodology followed by our publishers to arrive at market estimates
Focus on technology trends
Extensive repository of market research reports meeting our client 's needs
Based on extensive research , we provide clear view of real market scenario and help clients with making informed business decisions
Ask Query Here : Jay @ globalqyresearch.com or Sales @ globalqyresearch.com
Table of Contents
Global Gaussmeters Market Professional Survey Report 2018
1 Industry Overview of Gaussmeters
1.1 Definition and Specifications of Gaussmeters
1.1.1 Definition of Gaussmeters
1.1.2 Specifications of Gaussmeters
1.2 Classification of Gaussmeters
1.2.1 Pointer Meters
1.2.2 Digital Meters
1.2.3 Microprocessor Meters
1.3 Applications of Gaussmeters
1.3.1 Machinery & Equipment
1.3.2 Electronics
1.3.3 Others
1.4 Market Segment by Regions
1.4.1 North America
1.4.2 China
1.4.3 Europe
1.4.4 Southeast Asia
1.4.5 Japan
1.4.6 India
2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Gaussmeters
2.1 Raw Material and Suppliers
2.2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Gaussmeters
2.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Gaussmeters
2.4 Industry Chain Structure of Gaussmeters
3 Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Gaussmeters
3.1 Capacity and Commercial Production Date of Global Gaussmeters Major Manufacturers in 2016
3.2 Manufacturing Plants Distribution of Global Gaussmeters Major Manufacturers in 2016
3.3 R & D Status and Technology Source of Global Gaussmeters Major Manufacturers in 2016
3.4 Raw Materials Sources Analysis of Global Gaussmeters Major Manufacturers in 2016
4 Global Gaussmeters Overall Market Overviews
4.1 2012-2017E Overall Market Analysis
4.2 Capacity Analysis
4.2.1 2012-2017E Global Gaussmeters Capacity and Growth Rate Analysis
4.2.2 2016 Gaussmeters Capacity Analysis ( Company Segment )
4.3 Sales Analysis
4.3.1 2012-2017E Global Gaussmeters Sales and Growth Rate Analysis
4.3.2 2016 Gaussmeters Sales Analysis ( Company Segment )
4.4 Sales Price Analysis
4.4.1 2012-2017E Global Gaussmeters Sales Price
4.4.2 2016 Gaussmeters Sales Price Analysis ( Company Segment )
5 Gaussmeters Regional Market Analysis
5.1 North America Gaussmeters Market Analysis
5.1.1 North America Gaussmeters Market Overview
5.1.2 North America 2012-2017E Gaussmeters Local Supply , Import , Export , Local Consumption Analysis
5.1.3 North America 2012-2017E Gaussmeters Sales Price Analysis
5.1.4 North America 2016 Gaussmeters Market Share Analysis
5.2 China Gaussmeters Market Analysis
5.2.1 China Gaussmeters Market Overview
5.2.2 China 2012-2017E Gaussmeters Local Supply , Import , Export , Local Consumption Analysis
5.2.3 China 2012-2017E Gaussmeters Sales Price Analysis
5.2.4 China 2016 Gaussmeters Market Share Analysis
5.3 Europe Gaussmeters Market Analysis
5.3.1 Europe Gaussmeters Market Overview
5.3.2 Europe 2012-2017E Gaussmeters Local Supply , Import , Export , Local Consumption Analysis
5.3.3 Europe 2012-2017E Gaussmeters Sales Price Analysis
5.3.4 Europe 2016 Gaussmeters Market Share Analysis
5.4 Southeast Asia Gaussmeters Market Analysis
5.4.1 Southeast Asia Gaussmeters Market Overview
5.4.2 Southeast Asia 2012-2017E Gaussmeters Local Supply , Import , Export , Local Consumption Analysis
5.4.3 Southeast Asia 2012-2017E Gaussmeters Sales Price Analysis
5.4.4 Southeast Asia 2016 Gaussmeters Market Share Analysis
5.5 Japan Gaussmeters Market Analysis
5.5.1 Japan Gaussmeters Market Overview
5.5.2 Japan 2012-2017E Gaussmeters Local Supply , Import , Export , Local Consumption Analysis
5.5.3 Japan 2012-2017E Gaussmeters Sales Price Analysis
5.5.4 Japan 2016 Gaussmeters Market Share Analysis
5.6 India Gaussmeters Market Analysis
5.6.1 India Gaussmeters Market Overview
5.6.2 India 2012-2017E Gaussmeters Local Supply , Import , Export , Local Consumption Analysis
5.6.3 India 2012-2017E Gaussmeters Sales Price Analysis
5.6.4 India 2016 Gaussmeters Market Share Analysis
6 Global 2012-2017E Gaussmeters Segment Market Analysis ( by Type )
6.1 Global 2012-2017E Gaussmeters Sales by Type
6.2 Different Types of Gaussmeters Product Interview Price Analysis
6.3 Different Types of Gaussmeters Product Driving Factors Analysis
6.3.1 By Display of Gaussmeters Growth Driving Factor Analysis
6.3.2 By Forms of Gaussmeters Growth Driving Factor Analysis
7 Global 2012-2017E Gaussmeters Segment Market Analysis ( by Application )
7.1 Global 2012-2017E Gaussmeters Consumption by Application
7.2 Different Application of Gaussmeters Product Interview Price Analysis
7.3 Different Application of Gaussmeters Product Driving Factors Analysis
7.3.1 Machinery & Equipment of Gaussmeters Growth Driving Factor Analysis
7.3.2 Electronics of Gaussmeters Growth Driving Factor Analysis
7.3.3 Others of Gaussmeters Growth Driving Factor Analysis
8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Gaussmeters
8.1 OMEGA Engineering
8.1.1 Company Profile
8.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.1.2.1 Product A
8.1.2.2 Product B
8.1.3 OMEGA Engineering 2016 Gaussmeters Sales , Ex-factory Price , Revenue , Gross Margin Analysis
8.1.4 OMEGA Engineering 2016 Gaussmeters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.2 AlphaLab Inc .
8.2.1 Company Profile
8.2.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.2.2.1 Product A
8.2.2.2 Product B
8.2.3 AlphaLab Inc. 2016 Gaussmeters Sales , Ex-factory Price , Revenue , Gross Margin Analysis
8.2.4 AlphaLab Inc. 2016 Gaussmeters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.3 Brockhaus
8.3.1 Company Profile
8.3.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.3.2.1 Product A
8.3.2.2 Product B
8.3.3 Brockhaus 2016 Gaussmeters Sales , Ex-factory Price , Revenue , Gross Margin Analysis
8.3.4 Brockhaus 2016 Gaussmeters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.4 CALAMIT
8.4.1 Company Profile
8.4.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.4.2.1 Product A
8.4.2.2 Product B
8.4.3 CALAMIT 2016 Gaussmeters Sales , Ex-factory Price , Revenue , Gross Margin Analysis
8.4.4 CALAMIT 2016 Gaussmeters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.5 Coliy Technology GmbH
8.5.1 Company Profile
8.5.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.5.2.1 Product A
8.5.2.2 Product B
8.5.3 Coliy Technology GmbH 2016 Gaussmeters Sales , Ex-factory Price , Revenue , Gross Margin Analysis
8.5.4 Coliy Technology GmbH 2016 Gaussmeters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.6 ECLIPSE MAGNETICS
8.6.1 Company Profile
8.6.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.6.2.1 Product A
8.6.2.2 Product B
8.6.3 ECLIPSE MAGNETICS 2016 Gaussmeters Sales , Ex-factory Price , Revenue , Gross Margin Analysis
8.6.4 ECLIPSE MAGNETICS 2016 Gaussmeters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.7 Lake Shore Cryotronics , Inc .
8.7.1 Company Profile
8.7.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.7.2.1 Product A
8.7.2.2 Product B
8.7.3 Lake Shore Cryotronics , Inc. 2016 Gaussmeters Sales , Ex-factory Price , Revenue , Gross Margin Analysis
8.7.4 Lake Shore Cryotronics , Inc. 2016 Gaussmeters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.8 Magnetic Shield Corporation
8.8.1 Company Profile
8.8.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.8.2.1 Product A
8.8.2.2 Product B
8.8.3 Magnetic Shield Corporation 2016 Gaussmeters Sales , Ex-factory Price , Revenue , Gross Margin Analysis
8.8.4 Magnetic Shield Corporation 2016 Gaussmeters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.9 SAV Spann- Automations- Normteiletechnik GmbH
8.9.1 Company Profile
8.9.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.9.2.1 Product A
8.9.2.2 Product B
8.9.3 SAV Spann- Automations- Normteiletechnik GmbH 2016 Gaussmeters Sales , Ex-factory Price , Revenue , Gross Margin Analysis
8.9.4 SAV Spann- Automations- Normteiletechnik GmbH 2016 Gaussmeters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.10 Sypris T & M – FW Bell
8.10.1 Company Profile
8.10.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.10.2.1 Product A
8.10.2.2 Product B
8.10.3 Sypris T & M – FW Bell 2016 Gaussmeters Sales , Ex-factory Price , Revenue , Gross Margin Analysis
8.10.4 Sypris T & M – FW Bell 2016 Gaussmeters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.11 Tecpel Co. , Ltd .
8.12 TenmarsTenmars Electronics
8.13 ThyssenKrupp Magnettechnik
8.14 WUNTRONIC GmbH
9 Development Trends of Analysis of Gaussmeters Market
9.1 Global Gaussmeters Market Trend Analysis
9.1.1 Global 2017-2022 Gaussmeters Market Size ( Volume and Value ) Forecast
9.1.2 Global 2017-2022 Gaussmeters Sales Price Forecast
9.2 Gaussmeters Regional Market Trend
9.2.1 North America 2017-2022 Gaussmeters Consumption Forecast
9.2.2 China 2017-2022 Gaussmeters Consumption Forecast
9.2.3 Europe 2017-2022 Gaussmeters Consumption Forecast
9.2.4 Southeast Asia 2017-2022 Gaussmeters Consumption Forecast
9.2.5 Japan 2017-2022 Gaussmeters Consumption Forecast
9.2.6 India 2017-2022 Gaussmeters Consumption Forecast
9.3 Gaussmeters Market Trend ( Product Type )
9.4 Gaussmeters Market Trend ( Application )
10 Gaussmeters Marketing Type Analysis
10.1 Gaussmeters Regional Marketing Type Analysis
10.2 Gaussmeters International Trade Type Analysis
10.3 Traders or Distributors with Contact Information of Gaussmeters by Region
10.4 Gaussmeters Supply Chain Analysis
11 Consumers Analysis of Gaussmeters
11.1 Consumer 1 Analysis
11.2 Consumer 2 Analysis
11.3 Consumer 3 Analysis
11.4 Consumer 4 Analysis
12 Conclusion of the Global Gaussmeters Market Professional Survey Report 2017
Methodology
Analyst Introduction
Data Source
To Purchase this Premium Report : http : //globalqyresearch.com/checkout-form/0/339745
About Us :
Global QYResearch is the one spot destination for all your research needs . Global QYResearch holds the repository of quality research reports from numerous publishers across the globe . Our inventory of research reports caters to various industry verticals including Healthcare , Information and Communication Technology ( ICT ) , Technology and Media , Chemicals , Materials , Energy , Heavy Industry , etc . With the complete information about the publishers and the industries they cater to for developing market research reports , we help our clients in making purchase decision by understanding their requirements and suggesting the best possible collection matching their needs .
Contact Us :
Unit1 , 26 Cleveland Road , South Woodford , London , E182AN , United Kingdom
Contact : +44 20 3239 2407
CBS Local — A family 's toy review videos , starring their six-year-old son , has turned the youngster into one of the richest YouTube stars online .
Ryan , the star of Ryan ToysReview , finished in the Top 10 of Forbes ' highest-paid YouTube stars in the world this year . The six-year-old 's massively popular channel has reportedly earned $ 11 million in 2017 .
The channel has attracted a huge following of parents and children who watch Ryan test out new toys and give their thoughts on them . Ryan ToysReview started in 2015 when the boy was only four ; it now has over 10 million subscribers and their videos were reportedly viewed over eight billion times during the 12-month period Forbes was tracking them .
“ He loves Cars , Trains , Thomas and friends , Lego , Superheroes , Disney toys , open surprise eggs , play doh , Pixar Disney cars , Disney Planes , monster trucks , minions , playtime at the fun , family fun adventure and so much more ! , ” Ryan 's parents write on the family 's YouTube channel .
Ryan 's family says the child star was inspired by watching other children and programs on YouTube and wanted to join the party . “ One day , they asked me , ‘ How come I 'm not on YouTube when all the other kids are ? ' So we just decided — yeah , we can do that . Then , we took them to the store to get their very first toy — I think it was a Lego train set — and it all started from there , ” the boy 's mother said , via TubeFilter .
The family , who decided to keep their last name and location a secret for their son 's safety , says the show will only go on as long as Ryan continues to enjoy it . Once the youngster gets bored with their hit show , their parents say Ryan stop giving out the multi-million-dollar reviews .
White House drops insistence on two-state solution
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Glenn says we have to pay close attention to details , for example the third couplet of our national anthem : Grandeza di bo pueblo ta su gran cordialidad .
Many consider the famous friendliness of Aruba 's people a virtue , an element of added-value that comes with sun , sand and sea .
But Glenn says it is a core value of the island 's culture . Arubans , and the residents of Curacao and Bonaire to a certain extent , enjoy a rare gift , they call it “ cultural code switching , ” and it occurs intuitively and instinctively when we alternate between two or more languages , in the context of a single conversation .
In Aruba we alternate between five . Kids do it , adults do it , even babies do it : Papiamento , English , Dutch , Spanish and whatever else is thrown into the heritage , Italian , Chinese , Hindi .
And that is a unique , authentic and particular aspect of the island 's culture .
Here comes the part which some might contest : You can not say that Papiamento is the sole communication vehicle in our culture . It 's simply not true . Our culture is inclusive and makes room for five languages , including a sixth , body language .
Arubans can act like Americans one moment , speaking in a clear gringo accent , then switch to Dutch and douse their French fries with Mayo ; then order an Old Parr on the rocks in perfect Spanish , and always address the server as dushi .
So that openness to other customs , tastes and sounds , typifies our culture , Glenn states . We are not protectionists , exclusionists , on the contrary we invite in , assimilate , and adapt .
We were sitting in the coffee shop at UA , as Glenn referred to Star Trek , where the Borg , a fictional alien group , collects other organisms and links them to the “ collective ” so they all become part of the “ hive , ” and , quoting THE famous line : “ Resistance is Futile . ”
The beauty of this is that you do not have to give up anything to become Aruban , because all of your cultural distinctiveness of origin , can just be introduced and added to the local customs .
Aruba is a bit like that “ hive , ” says Glenn , when people come here from all over the globe , in a short time , they start switching between languages and developing a fondness of Bami Goreng and Keshi Yena . Aruba transforms immigrants into Arubans by teaching them the Aruban ways and by accepting and assimilating their imported cultural contributions .
It makes the island very cosmopolitan , Glenn reiterates . Our strength is in our flexible mentality . We easily make people feel at home by communicating in their language and by reading their particular social cues correctly !
Glenn also points out that the island has no China Town , no Little Italy , no isolated communities . We live together , Chinese and Haitian , Venezuelan and Dutch , everyone mixes , there is no aristocracy or elite , we 're all equals .
Glenn who has a PhD in Criminal Law from the University of Groningen , is themselves a graduate of the University of Aruba and Colegio Arubano . They served as the governor of Bonaire , at the time when the island was preparing to pick the federation of the Netherland Antilles apart , reverting to the Kingdom of the Netherlands .
It was n't easy to serve as Kabinet Gezaghebber , says Glenn , but I lasted three years , two months and fourteen days .
Glenn hopes that one day the UA will study our Aruban code switching competency , and then teach it to the rest of the world . The curriculum will include how to identity key components , how to absorb the influences and finally , how to assimilate them , on just about everything . It 's a survival strategy and it works beautifully and intuitively on the island !
The Dutch , they conclude , operate from their head . Latin communities often operate from the area above the heart to below the crotch . Some unenlightened communities just use their legs , they do the work but do n't feel it , nor do they think about it .
Would n't it be nice to incorporate our heads , hearts and legs , for the good of humanity , and think with all three holistic parts ? .
Thanks to educator Gershwin Lee for educating me about Glenn Thode .
George North admits last season was 'very difficult ' for both them and Saints - but the Wales wing is now feeling revitalised after taking extra rest prior to this campaign .
North has started the season in superb style , propelling Jim Mallinder 's men to four wins from their past four matches .
They did not play in the opening-day defeat to Saracens as they continued to get back to full fitness after picking up a hamstring injury on the British & Irish Lions tour .
They were thrust into action in the Wanderers ' win at Sale two days after Saints ' 55-24 loss at Twickenham and North has not looked back since .
The 25-year-old has scored three tries in four matches , ending up on the winning side on every occasion .
And they will now look to help table-topping Saints put Gloucester to the sword at Kingsholm on Saturday .
`` I 'm actually playing alright at the moment ! '' North said .
`` As the team is growing in confidence , the ball is being moved around a bit more and that makes my job a little bit easier .
`` For me , it 's building nicely .
`` Last season was very difficult for me as well as the club so it was a bit of a hard one , but this one is building nicely , not just for me but the other guys coming in .
`` Having the likes of Rob Horne and the others arriving , it helps out .
`` Having new faces gives you a bit of energy , something different , new conversations and new ideas . ''
North played 19 times for Saints last season as well as representing Wales before heading off to New Zealand with the Lions .
They suffered a hamstring injury in the tour game against the Hurricanes and was forced to return home early .
But that extended recovery time appears to have done North the world of good .
And they said : `` This year more than anything I needed it .
`` I spoke to the club , spoke to Jim , the strength and conditioning department and the medical team here and just said it was a bit of a mammoth year last year with the Lions as well .
`` I felt like I needed more time , I needed the time I got and I came back in fresh and it was just nice to get back and start pre-season recharged mentally and physically . ''
John Essey and family live in a modest , two-story home on a tree-lined street in the suburbs north of Pittsburgh . From the outside , it looks like any other house in the neighborhood , but this house has a brain .
`` It knows we 're home . Doors unlock , [ it ] kinda sets the mood for the rest of the house too , turns on lights , sets the thermostat accordingly , '' Essey says .
Essey is an engineer at Uber and an early adopter of the Internet of things . They can control their lights with their Amazon Echo or an array of touchpad sensors he 's installed throughout the home . Sensors tell them when there 's water in the basement or a leak under the sink .
While Essey 's setup might sound a little like science fiction it 's a prototype of the future . Some critics are worried these devices wo n't be secure and that companies will use them to spy on us to make money .
Gierad Laput , a Ph.D. student at Carnegie Mellon University , says as the Internet of things becomes more engrained in our daily lives , there are a couple of ways people are turning ordinary homes into smart homes .
`` One way is basically to buy all the appliances , smart oven , smart dishwasher , smart microwave , smart toaster , all these things , '' Laput says .
But that stuff is really expensive . Smart refrigerators can cost $ 3,000 or more . And Laput said those devices do n't always talk to each other , especially if they 're made by different manufacturers .
The other way is to get sensors , and put them on everything you want to monitor .
`` But then those get really unwieldy and you 've got all these things sticking around and they look ugly and socially obtrusive , '' Laput says .
So Laput and their team wanted to see if they could build just one sensor that could monitor a whole range of activity in a room . And they did . It does n't look like much ; just a little 2-inch-square circuit board that plugs into the wall . The board senses about a dozen different facets of its environment : vibrations , sounds , light color and so on . The sensor communicates wirelessly with a computer , which interprets everything it picks up .
Laput demonstrated how the sensor works by turning on a blender . Almost immediately , a text box saying `` blender running '' popped up on a computer screen along with a purple squiggly line representing the blender 's vibration .
Laput turned on a light , and the screen said , `` light on . ''
Laput says they imagine both domestic and commercial applications for such a sensor . It could tell you that you left your stove on or that you 're almost out of paper towels in the bathroom at the restaurant you own .
But critics say there 's a catch .
`` Surveillance is now the business model of the Internet . Companies make money spying on you , '' says Bruce Schneier , an Internet security expert and the chief technology officer at IBM 's cybersecurity arm . `` When the app says I can detect when you 're out of paper towels , they 're not doing it for your best interest , they 're doing it because they want to sell you paper towels . ''
Schneier pointed to Roomba , the little automated vacuum from iRobot . The company 's CEO said last month that the device could soon start mapping your home , raising concerns that that data could be sold for a profit . The company swiftly clarified that it would only collect and share data if customers consented .
But on top of the issue of surveillance , Schneier says makers of Internet-of-things devices just are n't prioritizing security .
`` We 're building a world-sized robot without even realizing it , '' they say .
That robot has eyes and ears that collect data , brains that process it and arms and legs that take action in the real world .
But arms and legs can kick and punch , and more eyes and ears — like Laput 's sensor — could make those kicks and punches both more accurate and more devastating .
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Blood Collection Needles Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market . The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status , growth rate , and trends . The market report comprises historical , current , and projected revenues for each sector , segment , end-user segment , and region . The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Medtronic , BD Medical , Boston Scientific , Smith Medical , Argon Medical Devices , Novo Nordisk , Terumo Corporation , NIPRO Medical , B. Braun Melsungen AG , Medsurg , Hamilton Syringes & Needles , Hi-Tech Medicare Devices .
The report begins with introducing the global Blood Collection Needles market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market , constraints , risks , opportunities , current trending factors , PEST and PROTER 'S Five Forces survey , applications , topographical region markets , and competitive landscape . Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Blood Collection Needles report . The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy , industry news and expansions , and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence .
Request for Sample Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-blood-collection-needles-market/5883/ # requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market , for instance , key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products . The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement , which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments ; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals . The report provides the main region , market conditions with the product price , profit , capacity , production , supply , demand , and market growth rate and forecast etc . This report also Present new project SWOT analysis , investment feasibility analysis , and investment return analysis .
Geographically , this report is portioned into a few key Regions , with generation , utilization , income ( million USD ) , piece of the pie and development rate in these areas , from 2018 to 2025 ( gauge ) , covering United States , China , Europe , Japan , Southeast Asia , India and Rest of World .
Blood Collection Needles Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation : Safety Blood Collection Needles , Standard Blood Collection Needles .
Blood Collection Needles Market Analysis by Application Segmentation : Hospitals , Clinics , Ambulatory Surgical Centres , Other .
Key points in the Blood Collection Needles Market Report :
1 ) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2 ) Assess the production processes , major issues , and solutions .
3 ) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4 ) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry .
5 ) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price ( Price and Margin , Factors of Price Change , Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis ) .
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-blood-collection-needles-market/5883/ # inquiry
From all of this Blood Collection Needles market information , the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Blood Collection Needles market players : New players , stakeholders , marketing unit , administrative authorities and Blood Collection Needles distributors/manufacturers . The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize . Further , the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data , in both terms revenue and volume . In addition to this , the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report . This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023 .
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports . You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store , which covers global industry and the regional markets . All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips .
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales @ indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone : +1 202 888 3519
Web : https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Kieran Foran will this season officially don the Warriors jersey after the NRL announced it will register the five-eight as a Warriors player .
However , Foran will not be able to play until Round Three and the NRL have stated their return will be `` subject to a further psychological assessment to ensure they are in the right frame of mind '' .
It means the Kiwis playmaker will have to be physically and mentally fit before being given the green light for the Warriors .
Foran themselves has said they are delighted to be taking their first steps back into professional Rugby League .
`` Naturally I would love to return in Round One because I love Rugby League and I love being part of the Warriors squad , '' they said .
`` But both the Warriors and NRL have put my welfare first throughout so I am just happy that my contract is registered and I now have a date for my return . ''
JAKARTA , Indonesia ( AP ) — Activists burned U.S. and Israeli flags in front of the American embassy in Jakarta in the fourth day of protests in Indonesia against President Donald Trump 's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel 's capital .
Several hundred protesters from an Islamic youth group rallied outside the embassy Monday , burning flags and images of Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benyamin Netanyahu . It was a big drop from a weekend protest that attracted several thousand people .
Similar protests have been held in other cities around Indonesia , the world 's most populous Muslim nation .
Indonesian President Joko `` Jokowi '' Widodo has strongly condemned Trump 's move , which they described as a violation of U.N. resolutions .
Advertisement
Indonesia has long been a strong supporter of Palestinians .
MALACANANG is supporting the decision of the Land Transportation Franchising and Regulatory Board ( LTFRB ) to suspend for a month the operations of the ride-sharing Uber Systems Inc. ( Uber ) .
The LTFRB meted out a one-month suspension on the transportation networking company ( TNC ) after it allegedly defied an order to stop accepting booking applications pending the results of talks between TNCs and the government-run agency .
READ : LTFRB suspends Uber for a month
“ We affirm the positive and beneficial service offered by the transport network companies ( TNCs ) , however , as per LTFRB , Uber systems unduly challenged its rules and instructions . The issue here is striking a balance between innovation and laws and regulations that Land Transportation and Franchising Board has to implement as part of its administrative function in regulating common carriers , ”
Palace spokesperson Ernesto Abella said during a press conference on Tuesday .
“ It understands the situation and therefore we support the LTFRB , ” Abella added .
In a statement on Monday , Uber said that it would study the LTFRB ruling .
“ We are studying the order at the moment . We will update our riders and drivers as soon as we can , ” Uber said .
Tim Farron has dramatically quit as leader of the Liberal Democrats , saying they can not face continued questions over their Christian faith .
Mr Farron , an evangelical Christian who was repeatedly questioned during the General Election campaign as to whether they believed gay sex was a sin , said their religion had made them a “ subject of suspicion ” .
Their shock announcement came just hours after the party 's openly gay home affairs spokesperson Lord Paddick said they were standing down citing “ concerns about the leader 's views on various issues ” .
In an emotional statement , Mr Farron , who had been in post less than a year , said they had been unable to reconcile their Christian faith with the demands of leading a “ progressive , liberal ” party .
“ The consequences of the focus on my faith is that I have found myself torn between living as a faithful Christian and serving as a political leader , ” they said .
“ A better , wiser person than me may have been able to deal with this more successfully , to have remained faithful to Christ while leading a political party in the current environment .
“ To be a political leader - especially of a progressive , liberal party in 2017 - and to live as a committed Christian , to hold faithfully to the Bible 's teaching , has felt impossible for me . ”
Former business minister Jo Swinson , who regained their East Dunbartonshire seat from the SNP in the election , was immediately installed as the bookies ' favourite to succeed them and become the party 's first female leader .
Mr Farron faced intense criticism during the election campaign for failing to answer questions about their position on homosexuality .
While they made it clear they supported equal marriage and LGBT rights , they initially declined to say whether they believed gay sex was a sin .
After days of pressure to clarify their stance on the issue , they finally made clear they did not , but continued to face questions in interviews .
In their statement , Mr Farron said the continued questions over their faith showed people in Britain were “ kidding ourselves ” if they thought they were living in a tolerant liberal society .
“ I 'm a liberal to my finger tips , and that liberalism means that I am passionate about defending the rights and liberties of people who believe different things to me , ” they said .
“ Even so , I seem to be the subject of suspicion because of what I believe and who my faith is in . In which case we are kidding ourselves if we think we yet live in a tolerant , liberal society . ”
Mr Farron said that they would carry on as party leader until Parliament breaks for the summer recess next month , when an election for a new leader would be held .
While the Lib Dems endured a disappointing General Election - gaining just three seats - Mr Farron 's position had not been thought to be under immediate threat .
Their resignation means that they follow Ukip 's Paul Nuttall as the second party leader to resign in the wake of the election result .
Lib Dem MP Tom Brake said their decision to go was “ very sad ” .
“ Under their leadership party membership doubled and number of MPs increased by 50 % , ” they said .
Material handling generally refers to short distance mobility between an automobile and a building , and within the boundaries of buildings . It uses a broad range of automated , semi-automated and manual equipment . Material handling equipment and systems are mechanical equipment and systems used to move , store , control , and protect materials , products and good during the course of manufacturing , circulation , consumption and clearance . This generates utility by means of storage , handling , and control of materials . The prime goals of these systems are development of product quality , productivity and labor safety , and decline in labor costs , operating costs and lead time for manufacturing .
Read Report Overview @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/automated-material-handling-equipment-systems-market.html
One of the key driving factors for the global automated material handling equipment and services market is the increase in automated adoption . Another aspect boosting growth of this market is the focus on safe conditions for working in industries . Besides , the advancing applications in case of e-commerce evoke the companies to react rapidly as far as outbound and returns logistics is concerned , and this simplifies the processes of ordering . Moreover distribution systems and automation warehouses satisfy the logistic needs of this sector .
The development of the global automated material handling equipment and systems market is restrained by issues such as rise in prices , high expenditure on capital , high maintenance costs of equipment and systems , concerns regarding manual labor replacement , and shortage of skilled labor supply . The challenge towards the end-use industries lies in the choosing of technology that is sufficient for the business needs and balances the trade-off between the performance and cost of the automated material handling equipment and systems .
The increase in demand for a diverse range of automated material handling equipment and systems encourages the producers to lay emphasis on innovation to bear the competition . This exhibits massive promise for the global market . Furthermore , automation investment is , at times , considered to be a technological upgrade and not a separate application .
The global automated material handling equipment and systems market is segmented according to application , equipment , and operation type . On the basis of application , this market can be segmented into retail , automotive , healthcare , energy , manufacturing , and other applications . Manufacturing and automotive are leading the market at present , together consisting of a majority of the market share . Due to the rapid increase in demand for products of e-commerce , the retail segment is forecast to account for the highest rate of growth .
Request Report Brochure @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=15032
The segments on the basis of equipment are automated storage and retrieval systems , automated guided vehicle systems , robotic systems , and sortation and conveyor systems . Guided vehicle systems are forecast to account for the highest growth rate , while robotic systems has been dominating the market in terms of market share . On the basis of operation type , the global market is categorized into assembly , packaging , logistics , transportation , distribution , and other operation types . The logistics sector , consisting of handling and storage , has been recording the largest market share , while the fastest growing segments are packaging and transporting .
On the basis of geography , the global automated material handling equipment and systems market is categorized into North America , Europe , Asia , and the Rest of the World . With countries such as Germany , France , and the U.K. adopting automated material handling equipment and systems rapidly , Europe records about a third of the total market share globally . In terms of growth rate , the Asia Pacific region is the fastest growing owing to rising demand for automation , and advancement in the manufacturing segment .
The key players in the automated material handling equipment and systems market globally are KION Group , Toyota Industries Corporation , Bastian Solutions , Daifulu Co. , Beumer Group , Hyster-Yale Materials Handling , Dematic Gmbh , JBT Corporation , KUKA AG and Jungheinrich AG .
About Us
Transparency Market Research ( TMR ) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services . The company 's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers . TMR 's experienced team of analysts , researchers , and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information .
TMR 's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information . With extensive research and analysis capabilities , Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports .
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower ,
90 State Street ,
Suite 700 ,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel : +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free : 866-552-3453
Email : sales @ transparencymarketresearch.com
Website : http : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com
COCONUT CREEK , Fla. - During a Tuesday meeting in Broward , The Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School Public Safety Commission chairperson released a list of issues that the commission will be investigated .
Here is the list :
1 . `` Lessons learned '' from thwarted K-12 school shootings nationwide .
2 . Nikolas Cruz 's background including their interactions with law enforcement , mental health providers and social service agencies .
3 . School building 's interior and exterior structure .
4 . Broward schools and MSD active assailant protocols
5 . Broward Sheriff 's Office on-campus response and active assailant protocols .
6 . Law enforcement 's off-campus response to MSD
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved .
Gibson stopped all 37 shots they faced as Minnesota peppered the Ducks net in all three periods , but was shut out at home for just the second time this season . Joseph Cramarossa had the lone goal for the Ducks ( 30-18-10 ) , while Gibson recorded their fourth shutout of the season .
The Wild ( 37-13-6 ) had won their previous two meetings of the season vs. Anaheim , but fell behind early and were frustrated by Gibson throughout . Minnesota failed to score on five power plays in the game , coming within an inch of scoring when a long-range slap shot by defenseman Christian Folin hit the inside of the right post , sailed through the crease and to the side boards .
Minnesota goalie Devan Dubnyk had 22 saves in the loss .
The Ducks took a lead less than five minutes into the game when Cramarossa went hard to the net and was rewarded . Streaking down the right side , Corey Perry took a sharp angle shot that Dubnyk stopped , but produced a rebound they could n't control . Cramarossa , who 'd gotten to the top of the crease , slapped the loose puck home before the goalie could react . It was Cramarossa 's first goal in more than a month .
Minnesota had the first two power plays of the game and out-shot Anaheim 13-8 in the opening period , but could not solve Gibson .
The Wild got two more power plays in the second period , and were thoroughly dominant throughout , out-shooting the Ducks 16-4 . But Gibson repeatedly thwarted the Minnesota scoring chances .
It was the first shutout in more than a month for Gibson , who blanked Dallas on Jan. 10 , and the win allowed Anaheim to close its six-game road trip with a 2-3-1 mark .
Anaheim lost top-line left winger Antoine Vermette with 12:27 to play in the third period after they were ejected for slashing linesman Shandor Alphonso .
NOTES : The Wild assigned F Tyler Graovac to Iowa of the American Hockey League after they cleared waivers . In 45 games with the NHL club this season , they have six goals . With their 6-foot-5 frame , there was some thought that they might be claimed by another team this close to the trade deadline but instead headed back to the minors . ... Ducks RW Jared Boll was a healthy scratch for the fourth time in Anaheim 's last seven games . They have two assists in 38 games this season . ... Minnesota , which is in the midst of a franchise-record eight-game homestand , will next host the Dallas Stars on Thursday . Anaheim , which wrapped up a five-game trip on Tuesday , hosts the Florida Panthers on Friday . ... There was some speculation that Ducks D Sami Vatanen could return to the lineup after missing the previous four games with a lower-body injury , but they were scratched again .
Rajeev Khandelwal 's Prank Goes Wrong
According to Tellychakkar report , `` Rajeev played a video message from an anonymous man whose face was blurred . The man in the video said that they were extremely upset with Ragini for leaving him . ''
Ragini Storms Out Of The Show !
`` Ragini was astonished and asked Rajeev to stop the video at once . But Rajeev continued to play it and announced that it was just a prank . '' The prank did n't go well with the actor and they walked out the sets saying what Rajeev did on national television was not justified !
Ragini Played A Counter-prank On Rajeev !
Although Rajeev tried to persuade them to return to the show , they refused to ! To Rajeev and everyone 's surprise , Ragini came back and also revealed that they were playing a counter-prank on Rajeev !
Did Ragini Get Work Because They Are Govinda 's Bhanji ?
In the same episode , Ragini rubbished the rumours that they got work because of their uncle Govinda . They were quoted as saying , `` People very easily say that I am Govinda 's bhanji and things would have been easy for me to get into the industry but that 's not true . ''
The Actress Clarifies
`` He has worked very hard to get where they are today and I have not even done half as much as they have . I have heard of the times when Govinda has even walked all the way from Virar to Juhu to give auditions . But to give you a perspective , Govinda has never pulled in favours for their own children . ''
‘ I Have Worked A Lot To Achieve My Targets '
They further added , `` If people feel I got work because of them then they really need to do some research on me . I have worked a lot to achieve my targets . So , despite being Govinda 's niece , I had to struggle in the industry , just the way they did years ago . ''
The brewery pledged in October to donate 25 cents for every Hoppy Tonk IPA sold , as well as 15 percent of the store 's sales Nov. 11 , to Veterans Hill Farm .
Ray Russell , formerly of Mt . Juliet , who now lives in Gainesboro , founded Veterans Hill Farm and presented Rock Bottom Brewery brewmaster Tomas Mercado with a certificate of appreciation for their donation .
Russell started farm work as a way to keep themselves occupied . Little did they know how much relief the work would give him .
“ I just really busted my rear end and started getting the barn set up , ” said Russell . “ In that process , you know , every time I went down to feed the chickens they would all line up and come up to me , and I would interact with them . I have n't been working since I was diagnosed . My late wife passed away four years ago and it really hit me with my PTSD . So , while I was working the farm and everything I saw how much it was helping me . I had been seeing a therapist but I had n't really been feeling good , and I noticed what the farm was doing for me , so I thought , I got to make other people feel the way I do . ”
What Russell came up with was a project called Veterans Hill Farm , a 30-acre piece of land he 's currently in the process of converting into a refuge for veterans like themselves who suffer from PTSD .
What Russell hopes will happen is that those who suffer can come work and live on the farm , where they will learn skills such as yoga , martial arts and cooking and hopefully find the same peace that Russell themselves was able to find .
“ We have a farm-fresh chef who wants to come over here and teach how to make farm-fresh food , healthy and easy , ” said Russell . “ That 's a big thing right there , because people do n't realize how much health issues are attributed to PTSD . There 's a ton of heart attacks involved with PTSD , because anything stress related , we get multiplied . ”
According to Russell , the project is still in phase one of a three-phase plan . Russell estimates it will cost about $ 100,000 to finish clearing the land for the farm , which they hope to raise by the end of 2018 .
Once the land is cleared , Russell wants to build tiny houses to house the veterans who live on the farm . They estimate it will cost a total of $ 500,000 to complete the project , money they are hoping to raise by July 2019 .
“ The biggest thing right now is exposure , ” said Russell . “ We just got to get the word out there . I want this to be a national thing . ”
According to Mercado , the brewery is currently working on a partnership with Veteran Hill Farms which will allow the brewery to sell beer year-round and dedicate a piece of the profits to the project .
“ It 's pretty awesome , ” said Russell . “ We 're very thankful to them for what they 're doing for us . I just want to get the word out there . People do n't realize how much help is needed for PTSD . Right now 22 of us are dying every day from suicide , and we only represent 1.3 percent of the population . We represent a higher percent of the population with suicide than any other group . ”
More information about Veterans Hill Farm may be found at veteranshillfarm.com . The GoFundMe page for the project is at gofundme.com/veterans-hill-farm , and Russell may be reached by email at veteranshillfarm @ gmail.com .
The maker of Ambien says `` racism is not a known side effect '' after Roseanne Barr cited the insomnia drug in explaining the tweet that led ABC to cancel them show .
Hours after ABC pulled the plug on Roseanne because of their offensive tweet about former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett — and quickly breaking a promise to stay off Twitter — the comedian was busy posting on the social media platform .
Barr tweeted that what they did was unforgiveable and urged supporters not to defend them
They said of the Jarrett tweet : `` It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting . ''
Advertisement
The drugmaker Sanofi took to social media to say that `` while all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects , racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication '' .
Barr later tweeted that they have had odd experiences while taking the drug late at night . `` I blame myself , not Ambien , '' they tweeted .
I 'm not a racist , I never was & I never will be . One stupid joke in a lifetime of fighting 4 civil rights 4 all minorities , against networks , studios , at the expense of my nervous system/family/wealth will NEVER b taken from me . — Roseanne Barr ( @ therealroseanne ) May 30 , 2018
After not mentioning Barr 's firing in a campaign-style rally in Tennessee Tuesday night , President Donald Trump broke their silence on Twitter .
They noted that Robert Iger , chief executive of ABC parent Walt Disney Co. , called Jarrett to tell them that ABC did not tolerate Barr 's comments .
`` Gee , they never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC , '' Trump wrote . `` Maybe I just did n't get the call ? ''
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let them know that “ ABC does not tolerate comments like those ” made by Roseanne Barr . Gee , they never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC . Maybe I just did n't get the call ? — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) May 30 , 2018
Trump reveled in the success of Roseanne after Barr 's character in the show came out as a supporter of their presidency .
Roseanne was an instant hit when it returned this spring after a two-decade hiatus . But after Barr 's tweet that likened Jarrett , who is black , to a cross between the Muslim Brotherhood and the Planet of the Apes , ABC canceled the show in a one-sentence statement from network entertainment president Channing Dungey . They called it `` abhorrent , repugnant and inconsistent with our values '' .
Barr 's agent also dropped them and several services pulled `` Roseanne '' reruns .
Jarrett , who said they were `` fine '' after the slur , urged in an MSNBC special about racism that the incident become a teaching moment .
`` Tone does start at the top , and we like to look up to our president and feel as though they reflect the values of our country , '' Jarrett said . `` But I also think that every individual citizen has a responsibility too , and it 's up to all of us to push back . Our government is only going to be as good as we make it be . ''
Barr showed no signs of abandoning Twitter , engaging in a series of tweets that apologized to those who lost their jobs because of the Roseanne cancellation and expressed remorse they were being branded a racist .
While asking not to be defended , they retweeted comments from supporters that attacked ABC and complained that conservatives are treated more harshly than liberals for their behaviour .
Barr was resoundingly condemned , including from many who helped make their show successful .
The executive producer of Roseanne , which came back this spring after being gone for two decades and instantly became television 's second most popular comedy , said they supported ABC 's decision .
`` Our goal was to promote constructive discussion about the issues that divide us , '' said Tom Werner . `` It represented the work of hundreds of talented people . I hope the good work done is not totally eclipsed by those abhorrent and offensive comments , and that Roseanne seeks the help they so clearly needs . ''
ABC and Disney had taken notable steps to be more inclusive in its entertainment , and Dungey is the first black person to be entertainment president of a major broadcast network . But much of its progress would have been threatened if it looked the other way at Barr 's tweet .
They have a history of diving into political conspiracy theories on Twitter , and that 's how they ended their Memorial Day weekend . They criticized Democratic financier George Soros and tweeted that Chelsea Clinton was `` Chelsea Soros Clinton , '' implying they were married to a nephew of Soros . Clinton themselves corrected Barr online . Donald Trump Jr retweeted two of Barr 's statements about Soros , although not the remark about Jarrett .
Jarrett 's name came up in response to Twitter commentary that raised their name in relation to an Obama conspiracy theory . Barr tweeted : `` muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj . ''
Three weeks earlier , Roseanne was the toast of ABC 's annual presentation of its programming plans to advertisers . Dungey 's boss , network chief Ben Sherwood , even joked then : `` If anyone came to play a drinking game based on how many times we mention Roseanne , you 're welcome . ''
Roseanne earned an estimated US $ 45 million in advertising revenue for ABC through its nine episodes that started airing in March , according to Kantar Media . The firm estimates that the 13 episodes that had been ordered for next season would have brought in as much as US $ 60 million , with more through repeat episodes .
The cancellation has no clear precedent in television history , said David Bianculli , professor at Rowan University in New Jersey . The closest analogy is CBS pulling the plug on the Smothers Brothers variety show due to their anti-war views in the late 1960s and the same network not renewing Lou Grant at its peak , which star Ed Asner always contended was due to their outspoken political beliefs .
But cancelling Roseanne is `` like taking off All in the Family or I Love Lucy or Andy Griffith at their zenith , '' they said .
There was also CBS ' firing of Charlie Sheen from Two and a Half Men during their bizarre spate of behaviour . Sheen , for one , saw an opportunity in Tuesday 's events .
`` Good riddance , '' they tweeted about the Roseanne cancellation . `` Hashtag NOT Winning . The runway is now clear for OUR reboot . ''
adios
Roseanne !
good
riddance .
hashtag
NOT Winning .
the
runway is
now clear
for
OUR reboot .
© # CharlieHarperReturns pic.twitter.com/HcqMvIoxCM — Charlie Sheen ( @ charliesheen ) May 29 , 2018
Barr retweeted that , too .
Ginny Irovando Long and Robert Edward Long were arrested Thursday in Fort Walton Beach , Florida , after authorities say they told their son they had terminal cancer when they did n't . Okaloosa County Sheriff 's Office
Dive Brief :
The University of Maryland wants to get more undergraduate students involved in complex research projects — and much earlier in their collegiate careers . The main campus admits roughly 600 freshmen each year into its First-Year Innovation and Research Experience ( FIRE )
Students opt-in to the program and select from a range of study areas that span topics in the softer sciences and humanities , like addiction science , animal and human relationships , African-American digital humanities , as well as the harder sciences , like engineering biosensors , deep brain neurotech and antibiotic resistance . Director Patrick Killion and their team do not seek out the top incoming students , but rather hope to promote the opportunity for all learners to conduct multi-disciplinary research , especially those from diverse racial and socio-economic backgrounds .
Each research stream is led by one faculty leader and one research educator , the latter being an individual who often has advanced degrees , but whose full-time responsibility is to the program . Students are permitted to schedule lab time in between their other commitments and obligations , rather than the traditional structure that requires a set lab period .
Dive Insight :
Mentorship is a key component of the program , which goes for the first three semesters of a student 's time on campus . Many students who finish the program return as peer mentors for the next cohort ; this not only helps the new group by having students who might be more relatable than the professor to ask questions and seek guidance , but also reinforces the lessons the mentors learned and gives them an opportunity to stay connected to the ongoing research they began .
One program at UMD , the Capital One Machine Learning program , comes with the corporate backing and involvement of Capital One as a corporate partner , which not only helps provide additional funds for the program , but promotes a closer relationship between the bank and the institution . For Capital One , the primary objective is to get involved early with students it may want to hire and make sure those students have the skills and capabilities the company needs , a trend that is growing as many large companies take a more hands-on approach to the development of future employees .
For Killion and the university , there is an additional value-add to being able to tout such relationships to prospective students , and they hope the model of sponsored research streams and close interaction with corporate partners is one the department is able to grow .
Two-time defending champion Oracle Team USA yesterday became the latest team to unveil the wing-sailed , foiling catamaran it will sail in the 35th America 's Cup in Bermuda this year .
Oracle Team USA skipper Jimmy Spithill at a media conference Source : Photosport
Skipper Jimmy Spithill said the boat , which is just longer than 49 feet , is more refined than the 45-foot cat the syndicate has been training in .
Oracle unveiled USA 17 in its shed and will launch and christen it with champagne today . After dockside testing , the boat will go for its first sail as soon as the weather permits .
`` Now it really starts for this boat , '' Spithill said by phone from Bermuda . `` There are 100 days to go and the clock 's ticking . We really need to put some hours on it . ''
Qualifying races begin May 26 . The America 's Cup match , between Oracle and the winner of the challenger series , will begin June 17 .
The new catamarans , which rise up on hydrofoils when they reach a certain speed , are smaller but faster than the 72-foot cats that sailed in the 2013 America 's Cup on San Francisco Bay .
`` It 's all about boat speed , '' Spithill said . `` We 're going to try to develop this boat and get it going as fast as we can . It 's a really critical time going forward . ''
Spithill steered Oracle to a thrilling comeback against Emirates Team New Zealand in 2013 to retain the oldest trophy in international sports .
`` This boat is a lot more refined , another level ahead , and as you saw last time , the development did not even stop when we began racing , '' they said . `` The learning curve is going to be steep and it could be going right up until the last race of the America 's Cup like it did last time . ''
British syndicate Land Rover BAR , led by Ben Ainslie , recently launched its new boat in Bermuda . Team New Zealand has been testing its new boat in Auckland and will formally launch it today . The Kiwis ' boat features a cycle grinding system in which sailors will use their legs instead of their hands to turn the winches .
Oracle , Artemis Racing of Sweden , SoftBank Team Japan and Land Rover BAR recently finished a series of practice races in Bermuda in their 45-foot development catamarans . In unofficial results , Oracle had 16 wins , Artemis 12 , SoftBank Team Japan eight and Land Rover BAR was way off the pace with just one .
`` It will be interesting to see if they bounce back for the Cup , '' said Spithill , who added that racing among Oracle , Artemis and Team Japan `` was incredible . We were separated by just seconds at the finish and the speeds we were doing , it was amazing how aggressive we can sail these things now . We were just throwing them around . It was very fast . ''
The Los Angeles Rams not only lost to the Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday , but they also lost their No . 2 cornerback , Kayvon Webster . They suffered a season-ending Achilles injury in the game , forcing the Rams to go to their backup corners .
With Webster sidelined for the remainder of the season , who will the Rams turn to ? There are a few guys who need to step up in the coming weeks .
Nickell Robey-Coleman
Robey-Coleman 's best position is in the slot . He 's undersized at 5-foot-8 , but they play with an edge and is n't afraid to stick their nose into the action with their sure-tackling ability . He 's also quick inside , which is a necessary asset when trying to cover the smaller shifty receivers in the middle of the field .
With Webster out , expect Robey-Coleman to shift outside in the Rams ' base defense , keeping them on the field with Trumaine Johnson , assuming he 's healthy . When the Rams go into their nickel defense , Troy Hill will take over outside and push Robey-Coleman into their more natural position in the slot .
/ Front page / News
THERE have been no scientific studies carried out by the Biosecurity Authority of Fiji to ascertain the relationship between the giant invasive iguana ( GII ) and the series of landslides in Qamea recently .
Responding to the allegations by Qamea villagers that the landslides could have been caused by GII which usually burrowed deep into the earth , the authority 's executive chairperson Xavier Khan said it was premature to draw conclusions .
`` There are no scientific studies done to ascertain the relationship between GII and the landslides on the Qamea Island , '' they said .
`` Hence it is premature to conclude that GII had caused the landslides on Qamea . ''
Villagers earlier shared their concerns with this newspaper blaming the GII for the series of soil erosions on the island during the prolonged wet spell .
Tui Laucala , Ratu Laginikoro Dakuiyau said they heard of talks of iguanas contributing to the landslides on the island .
Togo villager Sipiriano Qeteqete said the iguana usually burrowed inside the earth to lay eggs or shelter during the day .
Mr Qeteqete claimed that before the reptiles were brought to the island , there were no landslides .
Rocket Lab 's Electron rocket is on the launch pad on Mahia Peninsula ahead of its attempt to reach orbit .
Weather is good for the attempt for the 17m-tall launch vehicle called `` Still Testing '' which if successful will be a major milestone for the programme begun 11 years ago .
The last attempt in May successfully made it to space but not to orbit , the purpose of the programme to deploy small satellites at a fraction of the cost of its overseas competitors .
Early today roads in the area were shut and marine traffic notified of a potential hazard . Air traffic has also been warned of a potential hazard in the area from the rocket which if successful will accelerate to speeds of 27,000kph towards orbit .
Advertisement
Yesterday the launch had to be scrubbed as weather deteriorated and the window for lift-off was narrowed by the proximity of the International Space Station .
Observers with the Wairoa District Council said they expected a good turnout of spectators . About 65 people have visited the site since Rocket Lab announced a 10-day launch window last Friday .
More keen spectators are filing into a special rocket observation site , about 27km from where Rocket Lab plans to launch a satellite-bearing rocket into orbit .
Yesterday tourists are turning up at the scene , some happening on the action on their way to the beach . Max Schneider from Germany said their curiosity was piqued by a signpost .
`` I was just driving past and saw the sign . We had to come and look at what it was . ''
Local man Corey Isherwood is one of about a dozen interested viewers and was confident of a successful launch . `` I live in Mahia so I thought I would pop over , given the weather . ''
The sky was almost cloudless , with no detectable wind , and only a slight heat haze interferes with the view of the peninsular from the observation site .
The gathered observers are being offered sunscreen and water as the excitement builds . Many have binoculars trained across the water to the launch pad .
The Electron rocket can be seen nestled on the headland at the very topmost point of the peninsula .
This afternoon the rocket was carrying two Earth-imaging Dove satellites for Planet and two Lemur-2 satellites from Spire for weather mapping and ship traffic tracking .
The company warns the launch could be scrubbed right up to lift-off if the weather changes or there are technical issues preventing it .
A nine year old boy has caught the attention of a Bundesliga side thanks to their Lego skills .
In our previous story we showed a video of Joe Bryant , nine of Gossops Green , Crawley , building FC Köln 's RheinEnergieStadion out of Lego .
Joe with the FC Kln stadium
After completing the stadium , FC Köln were notified of Joe 's creation .
FC Köln were so impressed with their stadium , they sent them free tickets to a FC Köln home game and a FC Köln shirt .
Joe 's dad , Phil , 44 , was delighted with the recognition that Joe had received from the German club .
Posting on their Facebook account , Phil said that FC Köln were a `` proper club '' .
PORTLAND — Several hundred people in Monument Square Sunday evening urged action against bigotry following a violent weekend in Charlottesville , Virginia .
“ We need consistent action so tragedy does not happen , ” Adaline Lining said at the base of the Civil War monument .
Events near a monument to Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee about 650 miles south in Charlottesville Aug. 11-13 were the focal point of the city rally against racism , which also honored the memory of Virginia resident Heather Heyer .
Heyer , 32 , was killed Aug. 12 in Charlottesville when they were struck by a car allegedly driven by James A . Fields Jr .
Fields is charged with second-degree murder , three counts of malicious wounding and a count of hit-and-run after authorities said they drove their Dodge Charger into a crowd protesting the presence of white supremacists and neo-Nazis . Nineteen others were injured in the incident .
Lt. H. Jay Cullen and Trooper Berke M. M. Bates of the Virginia State Police were also killed Aug. 12 when their helicopter crashed while circling Charlottesville .
“ ( President Donald ) Trump needs to resign right now because they are not calling out white supremacy , ” Hamdia Ahmed the Portland rally . They are the founder and president of the Refugee Relief Foundation .
In Trump 's Aug. 12 response to the violence that began as white nationalists , Confederate sympathizers and neo-Nazis objected to the planned removal of Lee 's statue from a Charlottesville park , the president said “ many sides ” were responsible for the fighting , injuries and death .
But for the people in downtown Portland , there were not two sides to be considered , only a growing presence of intolerance abetted by the Trump administration that could only be confronted at the most basic levels .
At the White House on Monday , Trump eventually said “ those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs , including the KKK , neo-Nazis , white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans . ”
Lining , who grew up in Portland , and was visiting from Cambridge , Massachusetts , said people should , must go beyond speaking out . They urged voting for candidates who promote tolerance and social justice .
Carterin Smith-Monahan of the local International Socialist Organization said those votes are especially important locally , to protect health care and housing for everyong in Portland . They said to Unite the Right rally in Charlottesville was emblematic of the American history of exploitation .
“ We must dismantle their politics with our politics , ” they said .
Dorcas Ngaliema said silence in the face of racism is unacceptable .
“ Never keep quiet because you are uncomfortable ; people 's lives are in danger , ” they said .
City and state elected officials , including Mayor Ethan Strimling , City Councilors Jill Duson and Pious Ali , and state Rep. Richard Farnsworth , D-Portland , were in attendance .
Duson said they took comfort in the turnout as a “ woman of color , mom of color and grandmother of color .
“ It is important my neighbors care about what is in front of them , ” they said . “ It matters you are here to support my grandbabies . ”
David Harry can be reached at 781-3661 ext . 110 or dharry @ theforecaster.net . Follow them on Twitter : @ DavidHarry8 .
Hundreds listen to Carterin Smith-Monahan speak in Monument Square during an Aug. 13 rally denouncing racism and the violence and deaths in Charlottesville , Virginia .
A Portland poster Aug. 13 rejects President Donald Trump 's claim “ many sides ” were responsible for racial violence in Virginia .
While protesting on Aug. 13 in Monument Square against racism , Adaline Lining , who grew up in Portland , called for “ consistent action , so tragedy does not happen . ”
“ Add Text and Timestamp on Gallery Photos ” – New Features Launch .
SURAT , INDIA – 31 , May 2018 : Greencom Ebizz Infotech , one of the leading mobile application development company , today announced new features of their app named Add Text and Timestamp on Gallery Photos for Android platform .
The application focuses on stamping gallery photos concept and for the same includes 4-in-1 stamps that includes Date and Timestamp , Signature Text , Watermark Logo and GPS Location Tag .
Add Text and Timestamp to Gallery Photos has been created with the finest features and functionalities that permit to set up various text stamps and signature words on photos to decorate your gallery photographs wonderfully .
Addition of new features made this app a complete package for those seeking photo stamping solutions in a single download .
New Features of App ,
New Brand Logos to Choose from .
Shot on Tag Stamp Position Changeable ..
Functionality to add custom shot on logo .
Choose your phone model according to brand .
“ It is very crucial to get appreciation by the users for whom the product has been developed then only it holds the importance behind that development ” – Said Suresh Kalathiya , CEO Ebizz Infotech .
When queried about future updates , they replied “ Yes ! We have lined up some interesting features for our users in the future updates too ” they concluded .
Some sources revealed that couple of apps namely Custom Video Stamper and GPS Gallery are lined up for future launches on App Store and Google Play Store which is said be under development .
Two kittens thrown out of car onto Auckland motorway in 'despicable act ' - do you know who did it ?
One kitten is dead and the SPCA want to find out who did this .
By Bashir Bello
Katsina State High Court , yesterday , adjourned till June 12 , hearing on the case of misappropriation of about N11 billion filed by the Economic Financial Crimes Commission , EFCC , against former governor Ibrahim Shema and three others .
The presiding judge , Justice Ibrahim Maikaita , adjourned on the ground that EFCC 's legal team did not serve , on time , a document needed by the accused for the examination of a witness .
The said document is the report of the Commission of Inquiry set up by the state government to ascertain the misappropriation under Shema 's administration .
Shortly after a witness , former Auditor-General of the state , Alhaji Ibrahim Dabo , was called to the witness box to give evidence , Shema 's lead counsel , Joseph Daudu ( SAN ) , noted that the case was not ripe for continuation because of the late service of the document on the accused .
They said the document needed by the accused to aid them when the witness testifies was served on them ( the accused ) on the night of Monday , May 28 , despite the fact that the court had given the directive for the release of the document since April 10—date of its last sitting .
Former US President Barack Obama will finally go ahead with their promise to visit New Zealand on a trip in March .
The Herald on Sunday understands Obama will visit on about March 21 arranged by Air New Zealand .
It is understood the contract is due to be finalised and the visit announced next week .
The reason for the visit is unknown but there has been speculation Air NZ is about to launch a new route to the United States , likely Chicago which is Obama 's home town .
Advertisement
Former Prime Minister John Key is now on the Air NZ board and will have been instrumental in securing the high-level visit due to their relationship with Obama when the two were leaders .
Key and Obama played golf together in Hawaii in 2014 and it is understood a rematch is on the agenda for Obama 's New Zealand visit - likely in Key 's favorite spot of Queenstown .
The visit will likely carry a stiff price tag for Air NZ . According to US media Obama was securing about $ 400,000 in speaking fees alone in the the United States .
Obama has often promised to travel to New Zealand but did not do so while they were in office .
Key and Obama were elected within a week of each other in 2008 ; both had holiday homes in Hawaii and they spent five hours on the golf course in 2014 in Hawaii as well as rubbing shoulders at international summits .
Obama shared their thoughts about Key during a conversation with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull during the APEC Summit in Manila in 2015 .
Barack Obama and former Prime Minister John Key , seen here together outside the White House grounds , are expected to play golf again when Obama visits New Zealand in March .
`` John is a wonderful guy and they and I have become good friends . And not just because we play golf together , '' they told Turnbull .
Last year there was a false alarm of a visit after security detail were spotted in Queenstown - but that turned out to be for a meeting of Five Eyes intelligence officials .
Just before Obama 's presidency ended , the then US Ambassador to New Zealand Mark Gilbert said Obama did intend to visit but possibly after they left office .
The last President to visit was Bill Clinton who came in 1999 for the APEC Summit - a visit that included a game of golf with former Prime Minister Jenny Shipley 's husband Burton Shipley .
Clinton returned after they were out of office in 2002 to launch a new BMW .
94-year Old Man Dies After Melling Crash
A 94-year old man 's died , five days after a crash in Melling .
They were injured when their car was involved in an accident with two lorries on the A683 on Thursday afternoon last week .
The pensioner , from Farleton , died in hospital in Preston yesterday .
Police are appealing for witnesses following the collision .
The drivers of the HGVs were not injured .
PC Shaun Canning , of Lancashire Police , said : “ These are tragic circumstances and my thoughts are with the family and friends of the man involved .
“ We are keen to speak to anyone who witnessed a collision between a car and two HGVs in Melling .
“ We want to establish exactly what has happened and hope the public can help us . ”
Anyone with information can contact police on 101 quoting log reference 1074 of June 28 .
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Wheat Starch Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market . The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth , market demands , business strategies , consumption volume , market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025 . New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations , reliability and quality issues . The Prominent Manufacturers included Manildra , Tereos , Roquette , Cargill , MGP Ingredients , ADM , ADM , Crespel & Deiters , Sedamyl , Kroener Staerke , Molinos Juan Semino , Shandong Qufeng , Anhui Ruifuxiang , Zhangjiagang Hengfeng .
The Wheat Starch Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly . The research report analyzes the market size , industry share , growth , key segments , CAGR and key drivers . In this part , the report presents the company profile , product specifications , capacity , production value , and 2013-2018 market shares for each company . Through the statistical analysis , the report depicts the global total market of Wheat Starch industry including capacity , production , production value , cost/profit , supply/demand and import/export . The total market is further divided by company , by country , and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis .
Request for Sample Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-wheat-starch-market/10151/ # requestforsample
The Wheat Starch Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market , market shares , and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers . The Porter 's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist business people in recognizing the spirited background of the market . This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market , and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness , rate of development , and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost , revenue , volume delivered ( in kilo tons ) and the income it produces ( in US $ ) , demand and supply data ( as applicable ) . The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis .
Geographically , this report is portioned into a few key Regions , with generation , utilization , income ( million USD ) , piece of the pie and development rate in these areas , from 2018 to 2025 ( gauge ) , covering United States , China , Europe , Japan , Southeast Asia , India and Rest of World .
Wheat Starch Market Products Type Segmentation : Industrial Grade , Food Grade .
Wheat Starch Market Applications Segmentation : Papermaking Application , Textile Application , Petroleum Application , Food Application , Others .
Key Highlights of the Wheat Starch Market :
1 ) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth , constraints , opportunities , practicableness study .
2 ) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments .
3 ) It depicts parameters such as production value , capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers .
4 ) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market .
5 ) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies .
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-wheat-starch-market/10151/ # inquiry
In the conclusion , The Wheat Starch market downstream consumer analysis , upstream raw materials , different types of equipment are concealed in the report . Research findings , conclusions , industry feasibility analysis , vendors and traders involved , appendix data and figures in the form of tables , graphs , and pie-charts .
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports . You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store , which covers global industry and the regional markets . All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips .
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales @ indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone : +1 202 888 3519
Web : https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
A new kind of factory is on the way , not one with walls and smokestacks but one that grows in a tank . These biology-based factories could become very important , producing anything from aviation fuel to plastics and nutritional products to new kinds of beers .
The factories in question are yeasts , an organism we are already well familiar with in the world of brewing and bread-making . But yeasts can also be used to produce a wide range of products provided they can be reprogrammed to deliver them .
This is the goal of a four-year €6.3 million EU-funded research project being led by University College Cork . It includes 10 partners , UCC and Irish spin-out UCC Academy along with scientists and companies in Germany , Sweden , Netherlands and France .
The UCC proposal for a yeast factory study performed particularly well during the EU selection process . It ranked third out of 80 competing proposals and only five projects were funded in the end .
The highly interdisciplinary approach and the wide range of potential applications would have helped sway the international judges .
Engineering an organism to produce a useful product is nothing new . E.coli bacteria and yeasts are used to produce human insulin and yeasts are used to produce the malaria drug artemisinin .
The plan is to push yeast engineering to a whole new level , says Dr John Morrissey , a senior lecturer in UCC 's school of microbiology who is co-ordinating the project .
Delivery
It can take tens of millions of euros over a decade to deliver a product using modified yeast , they say . “ We hope to do this for less than a million within three or four years . We really want to speed up the delivery of new cell factories , shortening both time and cost . ”
The team in Ireland will play a major role in the research effort with its €1.3 million share of the budget .
“ The idea is yeast can be used to produce lots of high-value molecules with diverse applications , ” they say .
There are two main areas of interest including fatty acids , which have lots of applications in nutritional products and cosmetics and in plant derived substances .
“ There are some known molecules from plants that can be difficult to produce . Some have anticancer activity and other benefits but you ca n't make enough of them to study , ” they say .
“ In this project we will discover the plant 's own pathway for the molecule and then put this into the yeast cell factory . It gives us the potential to produce molecules at commercially sustainable levels . ”
Potential
The project arose out of earlier research funded through the EU 's Marie Sklodowska-Curie actions . Dr Morrissey co-ordinated that project and realised there was potential to expand it into a large-scale consortium , with sufficient research capacity to advance the science of yeast as factory organisms .
“ The big problem is yeast cells have carefully balanced metabolisms for their natural habitats . The challenge is to reprogramme them so they produce the products we want . That is where a lot of the science is coming in , ” they say .
Advances in the genetics area will help and the interdisciplinary nature of the consortium . There are experts in mathematical modelling so that theoretical yeast cells can be put through their paces before being developed . There are biochemists and microbiologists to work on modifying the organisms and the use of artificial genetic constructs will play a part .
“ Synthetic biology will be a key technology that is important here . This is an application that really does benefit the consumer and society , ” Dr Morrissey says .
Then there is the powerful Crispr tool used to insert modified genetic material with pinpoint accuracy . This is already widely used and allows genes to be added deleted or modified .
Bridge the gap
Scientifically , this project will bridge the gap between mathematical modelling and synthetic biology , they say . The modellers can either suggest modification of the yeast genome to achieve a useful trait or to predict how the organism 's metabolism might alter after a genetic change .
“ We know how the metabolism looks but if you change one thing , the system changes , the cell compensates , ” Dr Morrissey says . “ We will study this on a computer model and decide how to do this . The model will instruct us on what the best engineering approaches are . ”
They also hope to develop new chemicals that have interesting activity . “ We will be able to make new molecules that might have interesting applications . ”
YEAST 'S POTENTIAL : FROM PALM OIL TO AVIATION FUEL
“ Yeasts can make lots of things for us , ” says project leader Dr John Morrissey .
The organisms working as minicellular factories already produce insulin for diabetics , the malaria drug artemisinin , bioethanol and bioplastics .
Yeast production may provide an important substitute for petrochemicals , replacing many of the ingredients currently sourced from oil or provide a replacement for palm oil . Yeasts can also manufacture precursor molecules for the supply of aviation fuel , they say .
Yeast is very good for the development of new flavours , something that Dr Morrissey believes will emerge from the research “ for sure ” .
The great advantage with this approach is yeasts are readily available and the products made come from renewable sources .
Yeast factories have potential in drug production , in food ingredients and nutritional content , as biofuels and in cosmetics .
If scarce but promising chemicals , say , with antibiotic properties or some other benefit are identified , yeast can be used as a way to ramp up production to increase the supply for study and potentially for production .
Of course the organism will never lose the important role it plays in beer and wine production and in bread-making .
And involvement of these traditional products gives yeast a “ presumption of safety ” , they say . There are no allergens present to cause harm to anyone making use of yeast-factory products .
A report looking into services for cancer sufferers in Wales have found too many people are being diagnosed at a late stage .
The Welsh Government 's 2016 Cancer Annual Report , which looked at NHS cancer services provided across the country , highlighted several improvements - including increasing survival rates - but also pointed to problem areas .
Wales has the second highest incidence rate for cancer in the UK , after Scotland , and key areas for improvement identified in this report include tackling late diagnosis , addressing lifestyle risks for cancer and improving access to tests and treatment times .
Health secretary Vaughan Gething said the Welsh Government 's refreshed cancer delivery plan showed its ambition to be among the best in Europe :
“ To do this , we must detect more cancers at earlier stages , so that patients can get the most benefit from the treatments available . Our annual report outlines how health boards are reorganising services to achieve this . ”
In 2011 , less than 42 % of all cancers had their stage recorded , according to the report , but by 2015 over 76 % of all cancers were having their stage recorded . It states :
“ We will continue to tackle late diagnoses . Too many people are diagnosed through emergency routes .
This will require us to focus upon a range of activities to support patient awareness , access to GP services , GPs ' response to detection and referral of cancer , in particular lung cancer , where survival rates remain lower than other parts of Europe . ”
Some of the reasons given for late diagnosis were lack of public awareness symptoms and lack of willingness to bother GPs .
Mr Gething said cancer was affecting increasing numbers of people in Wales but that the NHS was responding .
They said spending on cancer had increased from £307 million in 2011-12 to £409 million in 2014-15
They added :
“ Cancer survival continues to improve but we know there is more work to do .
We are committed to continuing to improve and to deliver the best treatment and care to people with cancer in Wales . ”
A suicide bomber driving a pickup loaded with explosives struck a bustling market in Baghdad yesterday , killing at least 36 people in an attack claimed by the Islamic State group hours after French President Francois Hollande arrived in the Iraqi capital .
Citizens inspect the scene after a car bomb explosion at a crowded outdoor market in the Iraqi capital 's eastern district of Sadr City , Iraq . Source : Associated Press
The bomb went off in a fruit and vegetable market that was packed with day laborers , a police officer said , adding that another 52 people were wounded .
During a press conference with Hollande , Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said the bomber pretended to be a man seeking to hire day laborers . Once the workers gathered around , they detonated the vehicle .
IS claimed the attack in a statement circulated on a militant website often used by the extremists .
It was the third IS-claimed attack in as many days in and around Baghdad , underscoring the lingering threat posed by the group despite a string of setbacks elsewhere in the country over the past year , including in and around the northern city of Mosul .
The attack took place in Sadr City , a vast Shiite district in eastern Baghdad that has been repeatedly targeted by Sunni extremists since the 2003 U.S.-led invasion .
Dead bodies were scattered across the bloody pavement alongside fruit , vegetables and laborers ' shovels and axes . A minibus filled with dead passengers was on fire .
Danielle Jennings
On July 13 , 2015 , Sandra Bland died in a Texas jail cell in a case that has left a host of unanswered questions and outrage as to what exactly happened to the then-28-year-old . Them family received a $ 1.9 million wrongful death settlement in September 2016 , yet their mother is advocating to ensure their daughter 's fate never happens to anyone else .
According to the Huffington Post , Bland 's mother , Geneva Reed-Veal , returned to Texas for the first time in two years to testify before Texas lawmakers to call for a full police reform .
The report of their testimony on police reform states :
Geneva Reed-Veal testified before state lawmakers Tuesday to call for reform of racial profiling laws , officer training for mental health awareness and de-escalation tactics , and other measures to hold police accountable in what was drafted as the Sandra Bland Act , according to the Houston Chronicle .
Reed-Veal , who lives in Chicago , stressed to the House homeland security committee that the bill aims to ensure that cops are n't abusing their power against citizens and that it is not an anti-police bill .
The legislation is up against some opposition from local police associations , which oppose provisions in the Sandra Bland Act that will prohibit cops from arresting those who commit low-level misdemeanors that are punishable only by fines . The bill has less than two months to make it to Gov . Greg Abbott before the Texas Legislature adjourns until 2019 .
During their testimony , Reed-Veal gave an impassioned plea to Texas lawmakers . They stated , “ I need this bill to move forward so that it will prove to people who say that Texas is the most awful state to live in . And to me that 's true , because Texas is a place of pain for me . So , I need you to think about what you have the power and ability to do today . ”
Check out these Top Stories :
https : //hellobeautiful.com/2935620/muslim-judge-found-in-river/
https : //hellobeautiful.com/2935625/charlie-murphy-mourning-death/
Also On 93.9 WKYS :
HYUNDAI Asia Resources Inc. ( HARI ) posted 21 percent growth in July 2017 to 3,594 units compared to the same month last year . This propelled HARI 's year-to-date sales to 20,960 units , up 8 percent year on year . “ The commitment of HARI in fostering a culture of excellence continues to manifest as it notches its highest monthly sales to date , ” Ma . Fe Perez-Agudo , HARI president and chief executive said .
Leang Leala , a Ministry of Interior captain , could face up to two years in prison for allegedly threatening the life of Prime Minister Hun on social media . Facebook
Charges laid against captain over threat to Hun Sen
A Ministry of Interior captain faces up to two years in prison after they were charged yesterday with making a death threat against Prime Minister Hun Sen .
Leang La , who works at the ministry 's General Department of Logistics and Finance , was charged at the Phnom Penh Municipal Court after they allegedly used their Facebook account , under the name Leang Leala , to warn Hun Sen they would soon be “ meeting their maker ” and that their family should go into “ exile before 2018 ” .
“ Your . . . fate is died to or to be in jail that can not be avoided , ” the post read .
According to court spokesperson Ly Sophanna , “ Deputy Prosecutor Sieng Sok has decided to investigate and charge Leang La for ‘ making a death threat ' under Article 233 of the Penal Code . ”
The charge , which refers to a death threat that “ is repeated or made by means of a written document , image or any kind of object ” , carries a prison sentence of six months to two years and a fine between 1 million and 4 million riels ( $ 250 to $ 1,000 ) .
Interior Minister Khieu Sopheak has also said the captain will be punished for attending a Cambodia National Rescue Party election rally , which they said violated the requirement of police neutrality .
RANCHO CUCAMONGA , CA -- ( Marketwired - Apr 18 , 2017 ) - Proto Script Pharmaceutical Corp. dba PSP Homecare ( `` PSP '' or the `` Company '' ) ( OTC PINK : PSCR ) , a durable medical equipment provider , is pleased to announce that the Company has entered into a Supply Agreement with PAKmed LLC ( `` PAKmed '' ) , a manufacturer of premium orthotic braces based in Louisville , Kentucky .
Under terms of the Supply Agreement , PAKmed will provide PSP certain premium orthotic braces for shipment to patient customers , as directed by PSP . The Supply Agreement specifically covers five ( 5 ) of the most commonly prescribed types of orthotic braces in the United States and sets price per brace including shipping costs .
`` We are very pleased to have come to a long term nationwide direct-to-patient supply agreement with a leading American manufacturer of orthotic braces , '' commented Michelle Rico , CEO of Proto Script Pharmaceutical Corp. `` Established supply agreements like this one enable PSP to continue to efficiently expand its product offerings while allowing us to focus our resources on reaching out to new potential patients across the country . ''
Further details regarding PSP Homecare 's sales and marketing strategy and other updates will be made as additional information becomes available .
About Proto Script Pharmaceutical Corp .
Proto Script Pharmaceutical Corp. dba PSP Homecare provides a comprehensive collection of durable medical equipment ( DME ) like canes , crutches , walkers , commodes , patient lifts , hospital beds , orthotics ( braces ) , wheelchairs , scooters , power wheelchairs , rehabilitation equipment , and accessories . Currently serving California and Nevada , PSP Homecare has specialized in the repair of power wheelchairs and the sale of orthotics since 2011 . The Company deals with a growing list of federal , state and private insurance providers such as Medicare , Medi-Cal , Nevada Care and Blue Cross among several others .
Additional information regarding PSP Homecare can be found at www.psphomecare.com .
Proto Script Pharmaceutical Corp. files reports with the Securities & Exchange Commission on EDGAR and anticipates continuing to file such reports . The Company 's filings can be viewed at www.sec.gov .
Cautionary Language Concerning Forward-Looking Statements
This Proto Script Pharmaceutical Corp. press release contains `` forward-looking statements '' within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S . Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 . All statements , other than statements of historical fact , including those with respect to the Company 's mission statement and growth strategy , are `` forward-looking statements . '' Although the Company 's management believes that such forward-looking statements are reasonable , it can not guarantee that such expectations are , or will be , correct . These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties , which could cause the Company 's future results to differ materially from those anticipated . Potential risks and uncertainties include , among others , general economic conditions and conditions affecting the industries in which the Company operates ; the uncertainty of regulatory requirements and approvals ; and the ability to obtain necessary financing on acceptable terms or at all . Additional information regarding the factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements is available in the Company 's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission . The Company assumes no obligation to update any of the information contained or referenced in this press release .
An opera singer and a musical comedian became the fifth and sixth act through to Sunday 's final .
Two contrasting musicians – an opera singer and a musical comedian – were the latest acts put through to the Britain 's Got Talent final .
Welsh singer Gruffydd Wyn , Amanda Holden 's golden buzzer act , joined the winner of the third semi-final , Robert White , in qualifying for Sunday 's finale .
Watch musical-comedian @ robertwhitejoke take on the Judges in this HILARIOUS performance ! It 's really no wonder they made the Final ! # BGT 😂😂😂 pic.twitter.com/02yUNiR034 — Britain 's Got Talent ( @ BGT ) May 30 , 2018
After 90 minutes of thrilling variety performances , the pair were joined by another golden buzzer act , magician Marc Spelmann in the top three .
While White was crowned winner of the public vote , the judges could not be split between Wyn and Spelmann meaning the decision returned to the poll .
After Declan Donnelly announced the decision , Wyn said : “ I feel over the moon , that was nerve racking . I 'm really excited and looking forward to coming back on this stage . ”
White joked they had been planning to play a gig Sunday to pay their rent but would have to change their plans .
The musical comedian , who has autism and Asperger syndrome , took aim at the judges with their origninal song while the show escaped any serious glitches after the first two semi-finals were marred by issues .
Monday 's broadcast was briefly interrupted due to stormy weather while a stage invader interrupted Tuesday 's show .
There was a slight delay on Wednesday evening with presenter Declan Donnelly having to stall ahead of the fourth act , Mr Uekusa , as they were not quite ready .
White and Wyn 's success meant disappointment for a teenage survivor from the Manchester Arena bombing , who was praised for their “ unbelievable attitude ” after performing .
Hollie Booth , 13 , and their dance troupe Rise Unbroken were among the eight acts on stage in Wednesday 's live shows .
They performed to Macklemore and Ryan Lewis ' Ca n't Hold Us , with Booth leaping out of their wheelchair and dancing on crutches .
It comes just over a year since the terror attack at the Ariana Grande concert where a suicide bomber killed 22 people including Booth 's aunt , Kelly Brewster .
The group sported jumpers emblazoned with worker bees – the emblem for Manchester , symbolising the city 's industrial past .
Amanda Holden said the youngster had come on “ leaps and bounds ” , adding the group had done “ Manchester proud ” .
Simon Cowell said : “ Through your perseverance and and an unbelievable attitude … whatever happens… you have won . ”
Also facing the disappointment of exiting the competition were singer Aleksandar Mileusnic , DMU gospel choir and dance group Acrocadabra .
Already qualified from the two previous semi-finals are singers Donchez Dacres and Calum Courtney , choir the D-Day Darlings and comedian The Lost Voice Guy .
BGT semi-finals continue on Thursday evening .
© Press Association 2018
How do you help teens to be their own person and to just not follow what their friends want ? My daughter is just 13 and I think they are easily led by their friends . For example , there is lots of pressure to go to the local disco and to dress up for it . I can sense my daughter is not really that interested but they feel they have to go . Also , when they talk of their friends , they seem to be needlessly putting themselves down , thinking their aspirations and wishes are more important than their own . It does make me angry on their behalf , but they can become very defensive if I criticise their friends . I 'm not sure what to do to help them
ANSWER
One of the key developmental goals of the teenage years is to discover your own identity and to learn to make your own life decisions . While the primary influence for young children tends to be their parents , with the onset of adolescence the peer group and outside family influences become stronger guiding forces . During this period , children can shift from idealising their parents ' ideas and values to idealising those of their peers , friends and people outside the family . Fitting in and being accepted by their peers becomes a big issue for young teenagers , all a normal part of growing up . However , parents understandably become worried when they see their teen being negatively influenced by peer groups or just “ going along ” with peer pressure without making their own decisions ( as you feel is happening for your daughter ) .
How to respond as a parent
Responding in these situations is indeed tricky as a parent . If you come across as judgmental or critical of their friends , this can invoke defensiveness on the part of your teenager and can drive a wedge between you . However , you also ca n't simply stand by and let your daughter be taken advantage of or be exposed to unnecessary risk . In responding well as a parent , the key is to strike a balance of supportively helping your daughter make their own decisions while setting some protective rules and guidelines .
ADVERTISEMENT
Help your daughter to make their own decisions
When your daughter asks for something that you think indicates pressure from the peer group , take time to encourage them to think this through and evaluate it for herself . For example , you might listen carefully to what they are saying , asking good questions such as “ who suggested this idea ? ” , “ what do you feel about it yourself ? ” or “ what do you think are the pros and cons ? ” Be very understanding ( rather than judgmental ) of their friends and their need to fit in etc – “ I know fitting in with the group is important to you ” – but also invite them to challenge some ideas . “ It 's okay if you wanted to do something different . Good friends should respect that . What do you think ? ” The goal of the conversation is to help your daughter think through the issues for themselves and to help them make their own decisions .
Help your daughter stand up to peers It is useful to explore with your daughter how they can directly stand up to peer influence . Once again a good way to do this is to gently ask their questions that help them rehearse challenging social situations . For example , you might ask : “ Supposing one of your friends asked you to do something you did not agree with , what could you say ? ” The goal is help them identify concrete strategies for how they might assert themselves in peer groups in a way that they feel comfortable with .
Offer guidance and set some rules It is important to offer your daughter advice and guidance on how you think they should behave and to set protective rules . For example , you might say : “ I think you should decide what you want rather than just doing what N wants , ” or “ why do n't you try something different instead ? ” Offering examples from your own teen years can help as many teenagers like to hear how their parents sorted these issues out when they were growing up . Sometimes you will have to set rules that your daughter does not agree with . “ I 'm sorry but I do n't think you are ready to go to the disco this weekend , ” and this is crucial to keeping them safe . However , do talk these decisions through with them and negotiate as much as you can with her , especially if they feel strongly about them .
In addition , remember that sometimes it is best to let your daughter make some decisions that you do n't agree with so they can learn to take responsibility . Sometimes they will learn as much from the mistakes that they make as the successes . The key is to be there for them as they work all these things out for herself . You are there to be a shoulder to cry on when things are hard and to be an encouraging coach to guide them in the right direction .
Encourage your daughter to be part of other peer groups
If you have worries about the influence of your daughter 's current peer group , encourage them to mix with other peer groups in different social situations . For example , they may be involved in special interests such as sports , hobbies or other activities where you could encourage them to socialise more and meet a different range of young people . This will expose them to different identities and to different influences and that can counterbalance those of their current group of friends and help them decide what matters most to them You could also encourage them to take part in new social groups that encourage young people 's personal development , such as joining the scouts or taking up the personal challenge of participating in An Gaisce awards or other activities that teach them about being their own person .
ADVERTISEMENT
Dr John Sharry is a social worker and psychotherapist and co-developer of the Parents Plus Programmes . They will be delivering a course on Helping Children Overcome Anxiety starting on Monday , February 6th . See solutiontalk.ie for details . Next week they start a biweekly column on anxiety and children and young people in Health & Family
Falmouth junior Madison Wolf plays the ball during the Yachtsmen 's 1-1 home draw with Windham Friday afternoon .
FALMOUTH—With the Class A South girls ' soccer field deeper and more talented than ever , every game is magnified .
With the regular season coming to a close , every Heal Point is precious and as a result , after a 90-minute battle Friday afternoon , Falmouth and Windham were n't brokenhearted about Heals after settling for a tie .
In the schools ' first countable meeting this century , neither squad could score in the first half , but just 93 seconds into the second half , first-year student sparkplug Lexi Bugbee set up senior Amelia Waite for a goal to give the Yachtsmen a 1-0 lead .
Falmouth held that advantage for 13 minutes before the Eagles answered on a gorgeous shot from first-year student Rylee Pepin .
Neither squad could score from there and the game went to overtime .
In the first five-minute , “ sudden victory ” session , Windham had three fine opportunities , but could n't finish and in the second and final OT , the Yachtsmen came agonizingly close to winning it , but they too could n't score and contest ended in a 1-1 draw .
Falmouth extended its unbeaten streak to three games , is now 4-6-1 on the year and the Eagles are now 6-3-2 .
“ They 're a good team and it 's a good result , ” said Yachtsmen coach Andrew Pelletier . “ They have great players , we 've got great players . It was a fun game , like a playoff game . ”
“ I was a little nervous , ” said Windham coach Deb LeBel , who a decade ago coached Falmouth to three Class B state championships in four seasons . “ Falmouth is a very good team . I thought our energy was flat , but it picked up in the second half and I was pleased . We came back and that was another good thing . ”
First time , long time
Falmouth and Windham used to square off when both were part of the Western Maine Conference , but Friday 's encounter was the first countable meeting between the teams this century .
Both teams have shown promising glimpses this fall , but both have suffered tough losses as well .
Falmouth opened with a 2-1 loss at Scarborough , then defeated visiting Sanford ( 3-1 ) and Maine Girls ' Academy ( 9-0 ) before losing at Noble ( 2-1 ) and Cheverus ( 2-0 ) , at home to Marshwood ( 2-0 ) , at defending regional champion Gorham ( 3-0 ) and at Portland ( 3-2 ) . After a 1-0 home victory over South Portland , the Yachtsmen rolled at Massabesic Wednesday , 5-1 .
Windham began by shutting out visiting South Portland ( 2-0 ) and Massabesic ( 7-0 ) . After a 2-0 loss at Bonny Eagle , the Eagles won at Deering ( 3-1 ) , at home over Maine Girls ' Academy ( 9-0 ) and at Portland ( 4-3 ) . After settling for a 1-1 tie at Noble , Windham downed visiting Thornton Academy ( 2-1 ) , lost at Sanford ( 1-0 ) and Wednesday , lost at home in overtime to Kennebunk ( 2-1 ) .
Friday , on another pleasant ( 67-degree ) afternoon , each team had their moments , but after 90 minutes , there was no resolution .
The Eagles got the game 's first shot , but first-year student Julia McKenna was denied by Falmouth sophomore goalkeeper Claire Winkeler .
In the fifth minute , a shot from the side by Yachtsmen first-year student Devin Quinn was grabbed by Windham senior goalkeeper Kaitlyn Roberts a split second before they were bumped by Falmouth senior Cali Wiberg . Roberts was shaken up on the play and had to momentarily leave the game in favor of junior Erin Elder .
Elder was immediately tested , as with 34:18 to play , junior Madison Wolf passed to Wiberg , who one-timed a left-footed blast to Elder 's left . It appeared the ball was heading into the net , but it hit the post instead .
Roberts then returned to the game just in time to save another Wiberg bid .
In the 18th minute , Eagles senior Maggie Symonds had a shot saved by Winkeler .
Roberts made their finest save with 9:15 left in the half , as Falmouth sophomore Gabi Esmond broke in alone , but Roberts came out and smothered the shot to keep the game scoreless .
Late in the half , a shot by Bugbee went through Roberts ' hands and rolled to the goal line , Roberts lunged back to grab it a split second before it went over and while the Yachtsmen were adamant it should have been a goal , it was n't awarded and the game remained 0-0 going into the half .
In the first half , Falmouth had a 6-2 edge in shots on frame and a 4-2 advantage in corner kicks .
The Yachtsmen would finally break through early in the second half .
With 38:27 to go in regulation , Bugbee beat a defender in the box , dished the ball off to Waite and before Roberts could respond , Waite fired the ball into the goal for a 1-0 lead .
That goal wound up galvanizing the Eagles every bit as much as the hosts and eventually , they pulled even .
After senior Maggie Lloyd had a shot saved by Winkeler , Lloyd took a free kick from 35-yards out which Winkeler bobbled before recovering just in time .
Then , with 25:08 on the clock , junior Meghan Hoffses passed to Pepin on the right flank and from just outside the box , Pepin struck the ball perfectly , sending it over Winkeler and into the net just inside the far post to tie the game , 1-1 .
Pepin had a chance to give Windham the lead with 16:05 on the clock , but their free kick from just outside the box sailed high .
Down the stretch , Waite shot wide , Waite had a shot saved by Roberts and Yachtsmen first-year student Sarah Wuesthoff missed high , sending the game to overtime .
The Eagles had some great chances in the first five-minute OT , but could n't finish .
Just 44 seconds in , a low shot from junior Allison Kirby forced Winkeler to go to their knees to cradle .
Then with 2 minutes to go , the ball squirted free to Hoffses in the box , who had a great look at an open net , but they sent the ball high .
Another bid by Kirby forced Winkeler to make a save and the game went to the second extra session .
There , Falmouth almost won it as just seconds in , Waite had multiple chances on the doorstep , but had two shots blocked and another saved by Roberts .
From there , the Eagles had one final look when Lloyd got into the box , but Winkeler broke it up and the game ended in a 1-1 tie .
“ It felt very nostalgic ( today ) , ” LeBel said . “ I was hoping some of the success I had here would carry over . We have to finish when we get opportunities . ”
“ This result was a good step forward , ” said Pelletier . “ I thought in the first half we were unbelievable . In the second half , after we scored , they were much better than us and they created opportunities . ”
Falmouth finished with a 9-7 edge in shots and a 5-3 advantage in corner kicks . Roberts stopped six shots , as did Winkeler .
“ Claire has stepped in for us and she 's stepped up , ” said Pelletier .
Getting late
Both teams have work to do in their quest to move up the playoff standings in the final days of the regular season .
Windham ( now seventh in the Class A South Heal Points standings ) hosts Gorham Wednesday , then closes with games at Westbrook and at home versus Scarborough .
“ We 're jelling and we have a couple tough ones to finish up , but I like to have tough ones at the end of the season to get ready for the playoffs , ” said LeBel . “ Now we just have to do the little things . It 's a talented top-to-bottom league . ”
Falmouth ( 11th in Class A South ) is home for Senior Night Wednesday against Westbrook , then finishes up at Thornton Academy and Kennebunk .
“ I think we 're getting there , ” said Pelletier . “ We 're excited . We 're getting to the point where we 're jelling . We hope we can finish strong . ”
Sports Editor Michael Hoffer can be reached at mhoffer @ theforecaster.net . Follow them on Twitter : @ foresports .
About one hour into my Assassin 's Creed : Origins playthrough , I came upon my first treasure chest in an out-of-the-way cave near Siwa . As I walked up to it , I pressed the E key and braced myself for that everlasting example of minor gameplay annoyances : the chest-opening animation . But it never came .
Instead of sitting through an animation , Assassin 's Creed : Origins briefly displays your gathered resources in the corner of your screen . At no point in this wonderfully A-button-friendly process do you lose control of Bayek . There 's no excruciating , lingering view of the chest 's contents . No close-up of the hero rummaging through the box while gasping in awe . No lilting five-chord melody proclaiming , “ You got some stuff ! ”
Kotaku Game Diary Daily thoughts from a Kotaku staffer about a game we 're playing .
The lack of chest-opening cutscenes is not a new development in video games , but as someone whose last game before this was Xenoblade Chronicles 2 , looting resources without suffering through a five-second cutscene and hearing “ What we have here ? ” again was cause for celebration . Sure , these animations can be fun , and they often contribute to the character and atmosphere of a game . The way Link opens chests in Breath Of The Wild by simply kicking them will always elicit a chuckle . But just as Korok seeds start grating on you after the 50th one ( yahaha ! ) , chest animations can overstay their welcome . While they might only take a few seconds , those seconds add up over time .
Advertisement
There 's a lot to like about Xenoblade , but its resource-collecting animations actively suck the fun out of the game . Here 's the whole process :
Your party walks up to a Collection Point The game takes control of your hero , who digs into the ground , accompanied by a quick one-line quip that never seems to change The game pauses to note any field effects from your Blades , along with another quip Resources spring out of the ground and get scattered in a wide radius around the Collection Point You run around manually picking up all of those resources . If any fell off a cliff , you 're out of luck
Advertisement
And here is that same process in Assassin 's Creed : Origins :
You walk up to a chest You press a button
See the difference ? Granted , Xenoblade is a very different game . But they 're both open-world games with resource collecting as a mechanic , and the way they approach this mechanic could n't be more different . Playing Assassin 's Creed : Origins reminds me that we tend to live with small gameplay annoyances , but a simple fix can make a world of difference .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The latest development in the ongoing feud between Drake and Pusha-T is likely the juiciest one yet . On Tuesday , following a long , long weekend of new songs with not-so-subtle lyrics , a “ career reviving ” invoice , and even in the involvement of one Kim Kardashian , Pusha released yet another diss track for Drake . On “ The Story of Adidon , ” Pusha is quick to bring back the long-rumored belief that Drake fathered an illegitimate child last year with someone named Sophie , believed to be former porn star Sophie Brussaux .
The song , which samples from Jay-Z 's “ The Story of O.J. ” ( which itself is a sample of Nina Simone 's “ Four Women ” ) , also mentions Drake 's mom ( “ Marriage is somethin ' that Sandi never had ” ) , their dad ( “ Dennis Graham stay off the gram , bitch ” ) , and Beyoncé . According to Pusha , Drake 's alleged mini-me is named Adonis , which also may or may not be the name of Drake 's upcoming Adidas collaboration . Here are the lyrics you should study :
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Sophie knows better , ask your baby mother
Cleaned up their IG , but the stench is on their
A baby 's involved , it 's deeper than rap
We 're talkin ' character , let me keep with the facts
You are hiding a child , let that boy come home
Deadbeat motherfucker , playing border patrol
Adonis is your son
And they deserve more than an Adidas press run , that 's real
Love that baby , respect that girl
Forget she 's a porn star , let them be your world
As TMZ reported in May 2017 , Brussaux hired a New York City-based lawyer for a possible paternity suit after claiming that they were three-and-a-half months pregnant . What 's more , the woman alleged that Drake urged them over text to get an abortion . In response , Drake 's reps told TMZ that Brussaux had a “ questionable background , ” was possibly having trouble getting into the United States , had admitted to being in multiple relationships , and was “ one of many women ” claiming to be pregnant with the rapper 's baby . “ If it is in fact Drake 's child , which they do not believe , they would do the right thing by the child , ” the rep added .
Brussaux 's Instagram account has been made private in wake of Pusha 's song , but Vulture was able to nab this before they made the switch .
Screenshot
According to BET , Brussaux gave birth on Oct. 24 , the same day Drake turned 31 . Make of this what you will .
Senator Andy Uba has debunked rumours that they were barred and locked out from the screening of governorship aspirants by the Progressives Congress in Abuja .
In a statement issued by Joseph Itazi , Media Aide to the Governorship aspirant , Uba said the screening committee did not grill them but asked them to take a bow and go .
According to the statement , Uba , while addressing a crowd of APC Anambra state ward coordinators at Uga , said committee accorded them the privilege in recognition that they were a serving senator .
They stressed that the privilege was similar to that which the Senate accorded to serving or past federal lawmakers when they are appointed as ministers or ambassadors .
They explained that as a serving or past senator , any individual has met the criteria to contest for the position of a governor which informed the decision of the screening committee .
Uba also denied rumours that they changed the names of APC delegates , saying the news was the antics of mischievous persons who want to distract him .
“ I did not at any point in time change the names of APC delegates ; rather I have been making serious efforts to eliminate all irregularities to make sure that there is harmonization of names .
“ I think those behind the rumours are the ones responsible for such acts . All I have been fighting for is the interest of my people , ” they added .
While advocating for truth and honesty in our democratic practice , the senator urged their state ward coordinators to pay no attention to such ridiculous rumours as they are mere distractions .
They stressed that they were not aiming to be a governor for selfish reasons but for the general interest and betterment of Anambra state .
“ This is not my race alone , it is a sincere race for the good of Anambra state and if APC wins this election , it is victory for the people .
“ Our victory will mark the beginning of freedom from poor health system , persistent suffering , hunger , unemployment and also , the end of socio-political marginalization in Anambra state .
“ For me , this is a partnership with the people towards a better Anambra state and I believe that together , we can make it work ” . Andy Uba said .
They called on the APC ward coordinators and other party faithful to work hard to ensure victory for APC .
They restated their commitment to run an all-inclusive government if they emerge winner .
MONEY sent home by overseas Filipinos workers ( OFWs ) grew at a slower pace in February to $ 2.397 billion , which an analyst said was still a good sign for the economy .
Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas ( BSP ) data showed that personal remittances rose 3.3 percent in February 2017 from $ 2.320 billion a year ago . The BSP also recorded a slight growth from the January level of $ 2.396 billion .
The rate of annual increase in February was significantly slower compared with the 8.3 percent and 8.5 percent growth recorded the year previous and the month earlier .
For the first two months of the year , remittances reached $ 4.79 billion , up 5.9 percent from $ 4.52 billion a year earlier .
Personal remittances are transfers in cash or in kind , as well as capital transfers between households .
Although the total value of overseas remittances in February was only 3.3 percent up from the same period a year ago , this showed that remittances were resilient amid a Middle East slowdown last year , an analyst said .
“ Given January remittances normally spike due to the holiday season , the value of remittances in February showed considerable resilience and remained at around the same value as the January figure , ” IHS Markit senior economist Rajiv Biswas explained .
With world economic growth expected to accelerate in 2017 and economic conditions in key Gulf oil-producing nations such as Saudi Arabia and United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) improving , remittances from the Middle East should get a boost in 2017 , they said .
“ Overall , worker remittances are expected to show moderate positive growth momentum in 2017 and continue to be a key driver for domestic consumption and GDP ( gross domestic product ) growth , ” they said .
A Land Bank of the Philippines economist said the growth in remittances might have partly been driven by the peso 's depreciation .
LandBank 's Guian Angelo Dumalagan said the weaker peso “ may have urged some OFWs to send more money back home in order to take advantage of the higher dollar to peso conversion factor . ”
BSP data showed that the peso-dollar rate averaged at P49.96 : $ 1 in February , weaker than the P49.73 : $ 1 in January and the P47.63 : $ 1 a year earlier .
Dumalagan added that the steady recovery of the US and Japanese economies likely provided more income opportunities to Filipinos working in these countries , resulting in higher cash remittances .
“ In the same manner , the rebound in oil prices might have also contributed to higher cash inflows by providing more employment to Filipinos settling in oil-producing countries like the UAE and Qatar , ” they said .
The LandBank economist said a 6 percent growth in remittances was reasonable given better prospects for the global economy this year .
Cash remittances
Cash remittances coursed through banks totaled $ 2.169 billion in February , up 3.4 percent from $ 2.098 billion in 2016 . In January , cash remittances also totaled $ 2.169 billion .
“ More than three-fourths ( $ 1.7 billion ) of this was sent by land-based workers while less than a quarter ( $ 500 million ) of this was sent by land-based workers , ” the BSP said .
By country source , the bulk of cash remittances came from the United States , the UAE , Qatar , Singapore , Taiwan and Japan .
“ The 12.8-percent growth in remittances from the United States contributed 3.9 percentage points to the overall growth in cash remittances , ” the BSP added .
Meanwhile , remittances from the UAE , Qatar , Singapore , Taiwan and Japan grew by 23.7 percent , 53.5 percent , 17.5 percent , 64.4 percent and 11.3 percent , respectively .
Partially offsetting this were declines in remittances from Hong Kong , Canada , China and Kuwait , the BSP said .
Cash remittances for the first two months of 2017 totaled $ 4.3 billion , up by 5.9 percent compared with the same period last year .
FRESNO , Calif. ( AP ) `` Federal prosecutors say a man was arrested in central California for allegedly uploading the Marvel film `` Deadpool '' to their Facebook page days after its February 2016 release .
The United States Attorney 's Office for the Central District of California says 21-year-old Trevon Maurice Franklin was arrested Tuesday on a federal criminal charge of copyright infringement .
The arrest follows an FBI investigation .
The office says the film copyrighted by the Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation was viewed more than 5 million times on Franklin 's Facebook page .
Advertisement
It says Franklin used the screen name `` Tre-Von M. King '' to upload the film , which was one of the highest-grossing movies in 2016 .
If convicted , Franklin faces a statutory maximum penalty of three years in federal prison .
A body is covered with a sheet in the intersection of Tropicana Avenue and Las Vegas Boulevard South after a mass shooting at a music festival on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas , Nevada , U.S. October 1 , 2017 . Source : Reuters/Las Vegas Sun/Steve Marcus
25 Social Buzz
AS America woke to the news of yet another mass shooting on Monday morning , the usual feelings of sadness , despair and powerlessness bubbled up to the surface once again . As an initial reaction , that 's fairly standard .
But what swiftly followed , perhaps was not . As news began to emerge of gun fire at the Las Vegas music festival , both myself and my colleague , turned to each other and in unison said , “ I hope he 's not Muslim . ”
This reaction may seem odd to some , but it really should n't .
As common place as mass shootings in America have become , so too is the Muslim bashing and drastic policy measures that inevitably follow should a brown man with a beard commit the exact same act .
SEE ALSO : World leaders react to Las Vegas mass shooting
Both myself and my colleague , a Muslim man , are all too aware of the sad truth that the actions of one crazy man – who happens to be Muslim – has exponential repercussions that reach far beyond themselves and their family .
The brutal actions of one white man will be treated as just that , the actions of one man . There will be the inevitable discussion about their mental health , there will be the predictable arguments between Democrats and Republicans about gun control in the States , the country will come together to mourn . And that will pretty much be the end of it .
If , however , it proves to be a Muslim man that carries out these appalling acts , it 's a very different story . One man 's actions then become the responsibility of the whole community . And not only the American Muslim community , but the global Muslim community pays a price .
Trump 's travel ban , put in place to supposedly protect the country against acts of terror much like those seen on Sunday night , would be extended . The borders would be closed to refugees . The news networks would be endlessly debating the rise of radical Islam and the community 's inability , or reluctance , to report one of their own .
And the Islamophobia that 's become so pervasive among much of Western society would be bolstered .
SEE ALSO : Trump travel ban raises concerns among Haj pilgrims
It would n't matter if the perpetrator was American , born and raised , the outcome would be the same . A nation would look , and all they would see would be Islam . It would n't matter if their motives were unknown – as is the case with the Las Vegas shooter – they would still not be seen as a “ lone wolf , ” but as a symptom of a larger problem among their demographic .
No one has questioned why Stephen Paddock 's family did n't report them to authorities before the attack , no one has demanded an apology from the wider white male group , and most certainly no one will be calling for tighter restrictions on white males entering the country . When white males are the deadliest threat in America , far surpassing deaths from Islamic terrorism , you have to question the inconsistency in the response .
White men will not be asked to explain Paddock 's actions , and nor should they . We should afford the same courtesy to out Muslim friends .
* * This is the personal opinion of the writer and does not reflect the views of Asian Correspondent
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news , analyze , spot risks and opportunities .
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT .
Government considering independent animal commissioner after recent footage of mistreatment
The Green Party is also asking if CCTV surveillance on farms and slaughterhouses should be considered .
Many observers of China 's escalating global programme of foreign investment and infrastructure development are crossing their fingers and hoping for the best . In an ideal world , China 's unbridled ambitions will improve economic growth , food security and social development in many poor nations , as well as enriching itself .
Such hopes are certainly timely , given the isolationism of the US Trump administration , which has created an international leadership vacuum that China is eager to fill .
But a close look reveals that China 's international agenda is far more exploitative than many realise , especially for the global environment . And the Chinese leadership 's claims to be embracing `` green development '' are in many cases more propaganda than fact .
To help steer through the maze , I provide here a snapshot of China 's present environmental impacts . Is China 's assertions reasoned and defensible , or something else altogether ?
Advertisement
Predatory force ?
For a start , China is overwhelmingly the world 's biggest consumer of illegally poached wildlife and wildlife products . From rhino horn , to pangolins , to shark fins , to a menagerie of wild bird species , Chinese consumption drives much of the global trade in wildlife exploitation and smuggling .
Over the past 15 years , China 's rapacious appetite for ivory has largely driven a global collapse of elephant populations . In response to growing international criticism , China promised to shut down its domestic ivory trade by the end of 2017 .
But even before China 's ban has taken full force , a black market for ivory is developing in neighbouring Laos . There , Chinese entrepreneurs are churning out great quantities of carved ivory products , specifically designed for Chinese tastes and openly sold to Chinese visitors .
China is also the world 's biggest importer of illegal timber , a trade that imperils forests while defrauding developing nations of billions of dollars each year in timber royalties .
China claims to be working to reduce its illegal timber imports , but its efforts are half-hearted at best , judging by the amount of illegal timber still flowing across its border with Myanmar .
Infrastructure tsunami
More damaging still are China 's plans for infrastructure expansion that will irreparably degrade much of the natural world .
China 's One Belt One Road initiative alone will carve massive arrays of new roads , railroads , ports , and extractive industries such as mining , logging , and oil and gas projects into at least 70 nations across Asia , Europe , and Africa .
Chinese President Xi Jinping promises that the Belt and Road initiative will be `` green , low-carbon , circular and sustainable '' , but such a claim is profoundly divorced from reality .
As my colleagues and I recently argued in Science and Current Biology , the modern infrastructure tsunami that is largely being driven by China will open a Pandora 's box of environmental crises , including large-scale deforestation , habitat fragmentation , wildlife poaching , water pollution and greenhouse gas emissions .
China 's pursuit of natural resources is also escalating across Latin America . In the Amazon , for example , big mining projects – many of which are feeding Chinese industries – do n't just cause serious local degradation , but also promote widespread deforestation from the networks of roads bulldozed into remote areas to access the mines .
Overall , China is the most aggressive consumer of minerals on the planet , and the biggest driver of tropical deforestation .
Beyond this , China is pushing to build a 5,000km railroad across South America , to make it cheaper for China to import timber , minerals , soy and other natural resources from ports along South America 's Pacific coast . If it proceeds , the number of critical ecosystems that would be impacted by this project is staggering .
A World Bank study of more than 3,000 overseas projects funded or operated by China revealed how it often treats poor nations as `` pollution havens '' – transferring its own environmental degradation to developing nations that are desperate for foreign investment .
Finally , much has been made of the fact that China is beginning to temper its appetite for domestic fossil-fuelled energy . It is now a leading investor in solar and wind energy , and recently delayed construction of more than 150 coal-fired electricity plants in China .
These are unquestionably pluses , but they need to be seen in their broad context . In terms of greenhouse-gas emissions , China has exploded past every other nation . It now produces more than twice the carbon emissions of the United States , the second-biggest polluter , following the greatest building spree of coal , nuclear , and large-scale hydro projects in human history .
Despite its new post-Trump role as the world 's de facto climate leader , China 's overall agenda could scarcely be described as green .
Iceberg ahead
Some would say it 's unfair to criticise China like this . They would argue that China is merely following a well-trodden path of exploitative development previously forged by other nations and colonial powers .
But China is not the same as any other nation . The astounding growth and size of its economy , its dangerously single-minded vision for exploiting natural resources and land internationally , its intolerance of internal and external criticism , and its increasingly closed media and official myopia all combine to make it unique .
President Xi admits that many Chinese corporations , investors and lenders operating overseas have often acted aggressively and even illegally . But they say their government is powerless to do much about it . The most notable government response to date is a series of `` green papers '' containing guidelines that sound good in theory but are almost universally ignored by Chinese interests overseas .
Are Xi 's assertions of powerlessness believable ? They increasingly rule China with an iron hand . Is it really impossible for China to guide and control its overseas industries , or are they simply so profitable that the government does n't want to ?
Of course , China 's huge international ambitions will have some positive effects , and could even be economically transformative for certain nations . But many other elements will benefit China while profoundly damaging our planet .
- Bill Laurance is a Distinguished Research Professor and Australian Laureate , James Cook University
This article originally appeared in The Conversation
A ten-year-old girl died after they were left screaming in pain from a nurse ramming a feeding tube into the wrong part of their body , a tribunal heard .
Nurse Carrie-Ann Nash put a tube into the abdominal cavity of ten-year-old patient Phoebe Willis rather than their stomach .
Phoebe died the next day after the blunder caused a blood infection .
The nurse 's 'grossly negligent care ' at Weston General Hospital in Somerset contributed to their death the Nursing and Midwifery Council ( NMC ) heard .
Nash should never have attempted to insert the tube and did so with 'some force ' , the tribunal was also told .
They did not seek senior specialist advice even though Phoebe was screaming in pain and bleeding .
The nurse also ignored 'red flag ' warning signs and told doctors the insertion was successful , before feeding Phoebe via the tube and sending them home .
Milk fed into the tube leaked into the hole created between their vital organs and the infection poisoned Phoebe 's blood .
Phoebe suffered three cardiac arrests resulting in brain damage and ultimately their death .
Nash was cleared of manslaughter in July last year but admitted contributing to Phoebe 's death at the disciplinary hearing .
Continued below .
Related Content Political Roundup : Bill English loses the Trump immigration debate Your views : Readers letters ' Te Atatu murderer Jaden Lee Stroobant stomped on victim Cunxiu Tian 's head before violating them
Lewis MacDonald , for the NMC said : `` On 24 August their [ Phoebe ] parents took them to the A & E department of Weston General Hospital for a feeding tube change .
`` It is the NMC 's case is that the way Nash did that change resulted in the tube not being properly inserted into the stomach .
`` There were a number of warning signs this was the case but they were not picked up . ''
`` The tube was inserted into the abdominal cavity instead of the stomach causing inflammation and acute infection . ''
Phoebe had cystinosis , a rare genetic condition and relied on the tube to give them sustenance .
They were diagnosed with the rare genetic condition as a baby and had to have the tube changed every three months this was often done by their parents 'without issue ' .
Following a procedure at Bristol Children 's Hospital the tube needed to be changed in what should have been a simple task .
But there was no bed space at the hospital so Phoebe was sent to Weston General .
But no-one on shift at the hospital was qualified to deal with the tube so Nash , who was a community nurse employed by a Nutricia Ltd was called to the hospital to help .
MacDonald said that the tube should never have been reinserted after a two-hour window .
But Nash arrived at the hospital well over the two hour time limit as they were stuck in Bank Holiday traffic , the hearing was told .
MacDonald said : After one hour it is difficult , after two it is impossible .
Despite this they attempted to insert the tube and this caused bleeding , this was a red flag warning .
They used the tube with some force , the NMC says .
They flushed it with water and the patient screamed out in pain , another red flag .
But even after further warning signs they confirmed to a doctor they had inserted the tube successfully and fed Phoebe milk , it was said .
After the feed there the tube leaked , another warning sign , but again Nash did not seek specialist help from a doctor , the hearing was told .
Mr MacDonald said : 'She should have called on senior advice to further investigate with a CT scan or surgical intervention . '
Instead Phoebe was discharged and taken home .
The next morning they were rushed back to the hospital in an ambulance and it was found the tube had been inserted wrong and the tip was not on the stomach .
MacDonald said : `` A significant amount of milk was found in the peritoneal cavity .
`` This in turn contributed to their death that day . The NMC says a number of failures contributed to this regrettable outcome .
`` She should not have used force in their attempts to so this .
`` It should have stopped long before it did . ''
Mr MacDonald said the hearing would hear evidence that Nash 's actions amounted to 'grossly negligent care ' and fell 'far below the standards expected of a reasonable and responsible registered nurse ' .
Nash , who was present at the hearing in Stratford , east London , today admitted to contributing to Phoebe 's death .
They admitted they did not identify that the gastrostomy tube was not in the stomach and accepted this contributed to the death .
The nurse also admitted to not keeping contemporaneous records or doing a risk assessment .
But they deny they inappropriately tried to replace the tube or that they 'forced ' the tube into Phoebe .
Nash also denies that they did not seek 'urgent advice ' on discovering Phoebe was in pain and bleeding .
They also deny they ignored the 'red flag ' signs : Pain on feeding , signs of distress/physiological instability , prolonged or severe pain post procedure , fresh bleeding and external leakage of gastric contents .
The hearing , which is expected to last eight days , continues .
- Daily Mail
SAN JUAN , Puerto Rico ( AP ) — Several unions in Puerto Rico and other groups on Tuesday sued the federal control board overseeing the U.S. territory 's finances and demanded that it be declared unconstitutional .
The filing came just days after the board approved seven different fiscal plans that will serve as economic blueprints for Puerto Rico 's government and public agencies in upcoming years . The plans contain new austerity measures the island 's government has refused to implement , including a 10 percent cut to a public pensions system facing nearly $ 50 billion in liabilities .
The lawsuit filed in federal court also names the U.S. government and Puerto Rico 's governor as defendants . It asks that the fiscal plans approved last week be suspended along with debt renegotiations until the island 's public debt is audited .
`` That level of debt is incomprehensible , '' attorney Rene Pinto Lugo , who is also a bondholder , told reporters . `` How are we going to lead and rebuild ( Puerto Rico ) if we do n't even know what happened with the $ 70 billion ? The first step is to determine what happened . ''
Advertisement
They noted that Puerto Rico 's government has not published audited financial statements since fiscal year 2014 .
In addition , the lawsuit seeks to have the control board and local government temporarily barred from selling the island 's power company as announced earlier this year . The suit also contends that two of the board 's seven members should be removed because of an alleged conflict of interest .
Board spokesperson Jose Luis Cedeno declined comment .
The board was created by Congress nearly two years ago in part to oversee the restructuring of a portion of Puerto Rico 's public debt as part of a bankruptcy-like process . Puerto Rico is mired in an 11-year recession and is struggling to recover from Hurricane Maria , which hit as a Category 4 storm on Sept. 20 and caused more than an estimated $ 100 billion in damage .
Nick Robinson in Love , Simon . 20th Century Fox , TNS
This article is part of Outward , Slate 's home for coverage of LGBTQ life , thought , and culture . Read more here .
This article contains spoilers for the movie Love , Simon .
Love , Simon is many things : an upbeat and charming teen comedy , a leap forward for gay visibility in mainstream movies , and a therapeutic exercise for closeted teens who wish their parents were as accepting as Simon 's , played poignantly by Jennifer Garner and Fergie 's ex-husband . Kids will love it . Their parents will love it . Who would n't love it ? Maybe woke teens who see no need for it , but even their sophisticated hearts may melt by the finale . Here is the first major studio film to star a gay teen , a diverse coming-out story with an unapologetic message of inclusion and positivity . So far as I can tell , the only people likely to hate Love , Simon are Fox News hosts and conversion “ therapists. ” That 's a surefire sign of success .
I myself left the movie with a big smile and a light heart . Filing out of the theater with my partner and a bunch of weepy teenagers—the designated crying scenes mostly hit their mark—I thought the obvious : Imagine if this movie had existed when I was in high school ! What a lifeline it would 've been ! It 's an anachronistic dream , of course , but also a potent one , and it started to weigh me down as we walked home . Like every other gay adult to see Love , Simon , I was comparing my own youth to Simon 's . And I was n't thrilled by what I saw .
To be fair , a movie this glossy practically demands some measure of retrospective wish-casting . The plot is relatively low-stakes . Simon ( Nick Robinson ) is a high school senior in an affluent Atlanta suburb . Their parents are kindhearted , their friends smart and supportive . Yet Simon has a “ huge-ass ” secret , as they put it : He 's gay . Simon strikes up an anonymous correspondence with another closeted kid , and the two confess their secrets from the behind the veil of Gmail pseudonyms . A loser , Martin ( Logan Miller ) , gets ahold of these emails and uses them to blackmail Simon—not out of malice , but pathetic desperation : They want Simon to set them up with their friend , Abby ( Alexandra Shipp ) .
This extortion subplot leads to some lighthearted hijinks , but its true purpose is to create some semblance of conflict , because otherwise there would n't be any . There 's one openly gay kid at Simon 's school—he 's also gender nonconforming , which is a nice touch—and he 's treated pretty well : Two notably ineffective bullies heckle him , but they goad them right back ; the dynamic is more bantering than bullying . The vice principal ( Tony Hale ! ) , who exhorts the value of tolerance , wears a pride-flag pin . If Simon simply told everyone they were gay , there would be no real story here , just an It Gets Better entry . Thus the ginned-up blackmail plotline .
The movie suggests that twentysomething gays like me missed utopia by just a few years .
Inevitably , Simon 's efforts to make Abby fall in love with Martin fail , and Martin outs them by publishing their emails . Their parents instantly accept him , but they are too horrified by their outing to fully process it . Meanwhile , their friends realize they 've been manipulated and briefly turn against him . Eventually , Simon has heart-to-hearts with their mom and dad , apologizes to their friends , and embraces their sexuality ; their anonymous correspondent reveals themselves to be a hunky acquaintance ( the dreamy Keiynan Lonsdale ) . The two kiss on a Ferris wheel while everyone cheers .
A fantasy , no doubt , but a tantalizing one , especially if you , like me , did not grow up in such fortunate circumstances . I was still pretty lucky , with amazing parents and a basically bully-free school . And I was much luckier than generations before me , who intrepidly fought the AIDS epidemic , the pathologization of homosexuality , and rampant homophobia in all walks of life .
But the setting of my adolescence , North Florida in the 2000s , was rather different from Love , Simon 's contemporary suburban paradise . So were the country 's politics . I realized I was gay when “ sodomy ” remained illegal in 14 states ( including Florida ) . Over the next few years , President George W. Bush endorsed a constitutional ban on same-sex marriage and 11 states outlawed same-sex marriage by popular vote . Then the hits kept coming : In 2008 , when Barack Obama won the presidency ( while opposing same-sex marriage ) , Florida banned not only gay marriage but also civil unions , and California notoriously overturned marriage equality through Prop 8 .
I was 17 and closeted when my home state voted overwhelmingly to outlaw any kind of legal recognition for same-sex couples . Even in liberal Tallahassee , support for the noxious “ Amendment 2 ” was high . The campaign in opposition fretted that gay people were too toxic to defend , so it focused instead on straight , unmarried retirees . Passing the yard signs and bumper stickers every day felt like a kick in the guts . My own community was telling me as plainly as possible : Your kind does n't deserve equal rights .
Why did n't I come out in high school ? It 's a question I get when I speak to student groups today , because the younger generation now seems to come out in kindergarten . And although I could list plenty of convoluted reasons , the main one is simple : I was scared . I was scared because the president hated gay people and so did my neighbors . I was scared because the law said people like me did n't deserve equal dignity . I was scared because life as an openly gay person in the 2000s seemed impossibly hard , and I was n't sure whether I was brave enough to weather it .
So I took the easier route and stayed in the closet until college . I was too afraid to live authentically . And Love , Simon—this goofy high school comedy starring unrealistically gorgeous people with perfect skin—reminded me that I regret it . I should have been braver ; I should n't have lied for so long . I let ridiculous political campaigns convince me to suppress my identity . All that wasted time , and for what ? So homophobes would n't hate me ? Why would I want them to like me anyway ?
I recognize that the closet has its own warped logic . Yet it all seems so silly now , certainly too silly to explain to the teenagers for whom marriage equality is a given , and Love , Simon is just a fun two-hour distraction . The world it presents is so pure , so enlightened and well-meaning , that it is bound to trigger bittersweet reflections . Unlike Call Me by Your Name , the movie speaks in the present tense , suggesting that twentysomething gays like me missed utopia by just a few years . I am mature enough to recognize this fiction as fiction—many parts of the country remain deeply hostile to gay rights , and Simon 's idealized journey glosses over a great deal of inevitable turbulence for the sake of a Hollywood ending . Still , it 's an intoxicating reverie , one with enough truth in it to spur a melancholy meditation on what might have been .
The melancholy proved short-lived . A day after seeing the movie , my self-pity faded entirely . I now feel only happiness for the queer teens of 2018 , who can live more freely than I ever thought possible . Progress is a beautiful thing . I 'll always carry that regret with me , but it 's a useful reminder of the pace of change , the stunning speed with which our country has evolved . Queer kids today deserve better than what I got . They deserve the world that past generations of LGBTQ people fought to make a reality—a world that Love , Simon suggests is already within reach .
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Holland street alleged rapist Isoa Rainima outside the Suva Magistrates court this afternoon . Picture : RAMA
Update : 4:16PM AN unemployed youth charged with the alleged rape of a 23-year-old girl along Holland Street in Toorak , Suva last December was produced at the Suva Magistrates court this afternoon .
Isoa Rainima 19 , who is charged with one count of robbery , one count of assault and five counts of rape . appeared before Magistrate Priyantha Liyanage .
The alleged incident took place on December 30 .
The 19-year-old is alleged to have assaulted and raped the 23-year-old complainant while they were walking along the said street .
They have been remanded into custody and will reappear again on February 24 .
They are also facing two other separate charges of theft and burglary in another matter .
同意 AGREE
如果您繼續閱讀，視同您同意我們隱私條款。This website uses cookies to improve user experience . By clicking agree you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy ..
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Phosphorous Trichloride Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition , applications and manufacturing technology . The report covers business strategists like major drivers , dynamics , share , segmentation , revenue forecasts , effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making . The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Phosphorous Trichloride market . The Key Players mentioned in the report are Lanxess , BASF , Excel Industries , Solvay , Merck , Punjab Chemicals & Crop Protection , Punjab Chemicals & Crop Protection , Xuzhou JianPing Chemical , Lianyungang Dongjin Chemical . This report provides a competitive scenario , with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Phosphorous Trichloride Market .
Get a Sample Copy @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-phosphorous-trichloride-market/10368/ # requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Phosphorous Trichloride market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial , Government , Personal . The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends . The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions . The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market . The report also analyses the Phosphorous Trichloride market in terms of volume [ k MT ] and revenue [ Million USD ] .
The Phosphorous Trichloride Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies , applications , and classifications that are used in the context of market . It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs , equipment costs , labor costs , and other costs . In terms of a technical consideration , the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Phosphorous Trichloride . This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants , R & D status , raw material sources , and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018 .
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America , China , Europe , Southeast Asia , Japan & India , with production , consumption , revenue ( million USD ) , and market share and growth rate of Phosphorous Trichloride in these regions , from 2012 to 2022 ( forecast ) .
On the basis of Product Type , this report displays the production , revenue , price , market share and growth rate of each type , primarily split into : Colorless , Slightly Yellow .
On the basis on the end users/applications , Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users , sales volume , market share and growth rate for each application , including : Paints , Pharmaceutical Synthesis , Additives for The Plastics , Lubrication Oils , Others .
Key Highlights Of The Phosphorous Trichloride Market Report :
1 ) A complete framework analysis , including an assessment of the parent market .
2 ) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies .
3 ) Market Dynamics ( Industry News , Development Challenges & Opportunities ) .
4 ) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth , constraints , opportunities , practicableness study .
5 ) Historical , present , and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume .
6 ) Market shares and strategies of leading players .
7 ) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market .
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-phosphorous-trichloride-market/10368/ # inquiry
In the end , the report includes Phosphorous Trichloride new project SWOT analysis , investment practicalness analysis , investment come analysis , and Development Trend Analysis . The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Phosphorous Trichloride market segments are coated throughout this report . This report additionally presents product specification , producing method , and products cost structure . Production is separated by regions , technology and applications . The Phosphorous Trichloride industry data source , appendix , research findings and the conclusion .
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports . You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store , which covers global industry and the regional markets . All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips .
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales @ indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone : +1 202 888 3519
Web : https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
A New Zealand police investigation led to the arrest of a couple in the Philippines after they were caught in the act of live-streaming the sexual abuse of their children .
Following the discovery of `` disturbing content '' on a Kiwi man 's computer in September police here tipped off their counterparts in Iligan City who then organised a raid of the couple 's home and caught them during a live-stream involving their children aged 4 , 5 and 7 .
The couple is now facing charges of human trafficking , child pornography , child abuse and cybercrime .
The woman is pregnant with their fourth child and police say if they had not been caught the new baby could have been subjected to sexual abuse .
Advertisement
The raid and rescue of the children was down to the work of the specialist police team Oceanz - Online Child Exploitation Across New Zealand .
Oceanz works to save children as part of a Virtual Global Taskforce ( VGT ) focused on child exploitation .
READ MORE
NZ police help rescue 31 kids from global paedo ring after Christchurch man 's arrest
Detective Senior Sergeant John Michael said the arrest was `` very exciting '' for their team .
`` We 're really happy , '' they said .
`` This is the best job in police , our investigators regularly walk home from work knowing that , for the work we have done , children have been rescued .
`` That 's the most satisfying feeling out . ''
Detective Senior Sergeant John Michael , head of the police Online Child Exploitation Across New Zealand team . Photo / Natalie Slade
Michael said live-streaming of the sexual abuse of children was increasing at an alarming rate .
This was the first time Oceanz had worked alongside the Filipino authorities - but they had worked with other Asian and European countries to rescue abused children , including the Ukraine most recently .
`` In some cases the organisers are not related to the children - they are recruited from their families under false promises like domestic work , '' they explained .
`` Or they offer homeless children or street kids a place to stay or food , and then involve them in this criminal activity .
`` On the other hand there are parents and caregivers of children that unfortunately see this as legitimate income . ''
Michael said most of this kind of sex trafficking was driven by poverty .
`` These are families willing to send their children off for a better life , '' they said .
`` But they get duped into criminal groups .
`` With traditional sex tourism you get middle age western men who plan to have sex with children - so this live streaming is seen by some people as not being as bad .
`` There is no one involved in the abuse of the children so it 's not as bad and a lot of money can be made . ''
Michael said the live-streaming was predominantly coming out of the Philippines .
They could not speak about the specifics of the New Zealand man 's case as it was before the courts , and authorities overseas were still investigating .
But they revealed that the man was stopped by Customs after information sent to the New Zealand police by the FBI .
The man was arrested and is facing charges relating to sex trafficking and child exploitation .
`` From that , we unravelled further information that led us to suspect three young children in the Philippines were being abused and live streamed , '' Michael said .
Oceanz staff worked closely with the Philippines National Bureau of Investigation 's anti-trafficking division to locate the family .
The NBI was supported in the raid by the International Justice Mission .
`` They were in the middle of live streaming , '' Michael said .
`` It was really horrendous . ''
The NBI division chief Janet Francisco said : `` I do not understand why the parent can commit abuse , sell their own children . ''
Michael said Oceanz staff were committed to stamping out child sex trafficking , and they had a stern message for anyone in New Zealand that was involved - or considering it .
`` This is n't a crime trend anymore , it 's an established crime type , '' they said .
`` It will keep going , there 's money to be made .
`` We 'll keep doing our job… if you 're going to engage in that kind of behaviour , if you think you can sit there and get away with it , you 've got another thing coming .
`` We 'll catch up with you eventually . ''
WORKING TOGETHER TO STAMP OUT ABUSE
The New Zealand police are part of the FBI-led Violent Crimes Against Children International Task Force ( VCACITF ) .
`` The VCACITF is a select cadre of international law enforcement experts working together to formulate and deliver a dynamic global response to crimes against children through the establishment and furtherance of strategic partnerships , the aggressive engagement of relevant law enforcement , and the extensive use of liaison , operational support , and coordination , '' the FBI website states .
WHAT IS CHILD SEX TOURISM ?
CST is defined as travel abroad to engage in the commercial sexual exploitation of a child under the age of 18 .
Some CST offenders , usually novices to the commercial sex trade , plan their travel through locally-based tour companies or tour operators , whereas other offenders plan their travel independently .
Information on procuring children in foreign destinations is readily available in paedophile newsgroups and forums on the internet .
In certain countries where there is a thriving commercial sex industry , such information can be obtained through taxi drivers , hotel concierges and newspaper advertisements .
Studies show Southeast Asian countries—particularly Cambodia , the Philippines , and Thailand—are the most common destinations for child sex tourism .
Latin American countries such as Costa Rica , Mexico and Brazil are also emerging destinations for CST .
WHAT IS OCEANZ ?
The Online Child Exploitation Across New Zealand ( Oceanz ) team is a specialist Police unit .
It works as part of an international taskforce , the Virtual Global Taskforce , to protect children from online child abuse .
& BULL ; co-ordinates international investigations into online paedophile networks
& BULL ; identifies child sexual offenders by monitoring social network websites
& BULL ; targets New Zealand child exploitation sites , including those producing images
and abuse for financial gain , in an effort to identify and rescue victims .
& BULL ; gathers intelligence for sharing with District-based child exploitation squads , the
Department of Internal Affairs , Customs and international partners .
If you have concerns about someone who may be offending against children or using the internet or other electronic means in an inappropriate or criminal way , please contact us by email using this Child Exploitation Team contact form .
Despite recent odes to “ post-racial ” sensibilities , persistent racial wage and unemployment gaps show that prejudice is alive and well in America . Nonetheless , that truism is often angrily denied or willfully ignored in our society , in part because prejudice is so much more difficult to recognize on a day-to-day basis .
As opposed to the Jim Crow era of white hoods and lynch mobs , 21st-century American bigotry is now more often an unseen crime of the subtle and the reflexive — and the crime scene tends to be the shadowy nuances of hiring decisions , performance evaluations and plausible deniability .
Thankfully , though , we now have baseball to help shine a light on the problem so that everyone can see it for what it really is .
Today , Major League Baseball games using the QuesTec computerized pitch-monitoring system are the most statistically quantifiable workplaces in America . Match up QuesTec 's accumulated data with demographic information about who is pitching and who is calling balls and strikes , and you get the indisputable proof of how ethnicity does indeed play a part in discretionary decisions of those in power positions .
This is exactly what Southern Methodist University 's researchers did when they examined more than 3.5 million pitches from 2004 to 2008 . Their findings say as much about the enduring relationship between sports and bigotry as they do about the synaptic nature of racism in all of American society .
First and foremost , SMU found that home-plate umpires call disproportionately more strikes for pitchers in their same ethnic group . Because most home-plate umpires are white , this has been a big form of racial privilege for white pitchers , who researchers show are , on average , getting disproportionately more of the benefit of the doubt on close calls .
Second , SMU researchers found that “ minority pitchers reacted to umpire bias by playing it safe with the pitches they threw in a way that actually harmed their performance and statistics. ” Basically , these hurlers adjusted to the white umpires ' artificially narrower strike zone by throwing pitches down the heart of the plate , where they were easier for batters to hit .
Finally , and perhaps most importantly , the data suggest that racial bias is probably operating at a subconscious level , where the umpire does n't even recognize it .
To document this , SMU compared the percentage of strikes called in QuesTec-equipped ballparks versus non-QuesTec parks . Researchers found that umpires ' racial biases diminished when they knew they were being monitored by the computer .
Same thing for high-profile moments . During those important points in games when umpires knew fans were more carefully watching the calls , the racial bias all but vanished . Likewise , the same-race preference was less pronounced at high-attendance games , where umps knew there would be more crowd scrutiny .
Though gleaned from baseball , these findings transcend athletics by providing a larger lesson about conditioned behavior in an institutionally racist society .
Whether the workplace is a baseball diamond , a factory floor or an office , when authority figures realize they are being scrutinized , they are more cognizant of their own biases — and more likely to try to stop them before they unduly influence their behavior . But in lower-profile interludes , when the workplace is n't scrutinized and decisions are happening on psychological autopilot , pre-programmed biases can take over .
Thus , the inherent problem of today 's pervasive “ post-racial ” fallacy . By perpetuating the lie that racism does n't exist , pretending that bigotry is not a workplace problem anymore , and resisting governmental efforts to halt such prejudice , we create the environment for our ugly subconscious to rule . In doing so , we consequently reduce the potential for much-needed self-correction .
— David Sirota is the best-selling author of the new book Back to Our Future : How the 1980s Explain the World We Live In Now and blogs at OpenLeft.com . Click here for more information . They can be contacted at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) . Follow them on Twitter : @ davidsirota .
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) — A federal appeals court is weighing in on an unusual lawsuit by a group of young people who say the Trump administration is violating their constitutional rights by failing to address climate change .
A three-judge panel of the 9th U.S . Circuit Court of Appeals heard arguments Monday from attorneys for the administration and the 21 young people , who range in age from 10 to 21 .
The Trump administration wants the 9th Circuit to order a lower court to dismiss the suit , saying it is broad and without merit .
The San Jose Mercury News reports that two of the judges voiced skepticism about the administration 's request .
Advertisement
The lawsuit was originally filed against the Obama administration in 2015 .
According to the Department of Health ( DOH ) , oral disease continues to be a serious public health problem in the Philippines . The prevalence of dental caries on permanent teeth has generally remained high throughout the years .
In the National Monitoring and Evaluation Dental Survey conducted by the DOH in 2011 , it was found that 87 % of Filipinos ( about 83 Million ) suffer from tooth decay . Statistics further showed that 77 % or more than 7 out of 10 Filipinos have never even been to a dentist .
Oral Care among the youth is another concern . Studies show that 98 % of children aged three to five have dental caries or cavities and that 20 % of six-year-olds have never been to a dentist . Toothache is a common ailment among schoolchildren , and is the primary cause of absenteeism from school .
Bad oral hygiene and lack of proper dental care lead to tooth decay and gum diseases which may weaken bodily defense and serve as portal of entry to other more serious , potentially dangerous and opportunistic infections . Serious conditions include arthritis , heart disease , endocarditis , gastro-intestinal diseases , and ocular-skin-renal diseases . Aside from physical deformity , these two oral diseases may also cause disturbance of speech significant enough to affect work performance , nutrition , social interactions , income , and self-esteem .
Healthy teeth for happy smiles
Good oral hygiene is necessary for strong teeth and healthy gums . The US Center for Disease Control gives these tips on how to have a dazzling smile :
• Drink fluoridated water and brush with fluoride toothpaste .
• Practice good oral hygiene . Brush teeth thoroughly and floss between the teeth to remove dental plaque .
• Do not use any tobacco products . If you smoke , quit .
• Limit alcoholic drinks .
• If you have diabetes , work to maintain control of the disease . This will decrease risk for other complications , including gum disease .
• If your medication causes dry mouth , ask your doctor for a different medication that may not cause this condition . If dry mouth can not be avoided , drink plenty of water , chew sugarless gum , and avoid tobacco products and alcohol .
• Visit your dentist on a regular basis , even if you have no natural teeth or have dentures .
The dentist is in
Many Filipinos , from children to adults say that they dread going to the dentist . Many dentists also report that the patient comes to them only when there is already a toothache , which makes it hard for them to offer preventive measures such as oral prophylaxis or tooth cleaning and/or tooth filling when needed . A dentist check up can also help detect problems such as gum diseases or even oral cancer .
Healthway Medical supports the Department of Health 's initiatives to help Filipinos practice better oral care . This is why each branch is staffed with a competent and reliable team of dental medicine professionals who are committed to helping children and adult patients smile brighter .
Healthway Dental is equipped with complete set of equipment for procedures such as Oral Prophylaxis , Fillings , Tooth Extraction , TemporoMandibular Joint ( TMJ ) Therapy , Aesthetic Dentistry/Teeth Whitening , Implantology , and even Oral Surgery .
To find out more about Healthway Medical 's dental services , call the Customer Care Hotline ( 02 ) 751 4929 or visit the Healthway Medical website at www.healthway.com.ph
About Healthway Medical
As the most trusted and preferred network of mall-based clinics in the Philippines , Healthway Medical has revolutionized the way healthcare is being provided to its patients for nearly two decades . The company offers unparalleled customer-centric experience on top of optimum primary and multidisciplinary care from its reputable and experienced doctors , allowing its seven clinics at the Alabang Town Center , Shangri-La Plaza , Market ! Market ! , Festival Mall , 8 Adriatico Manila , SM The Block and Greenbelt 5 to earn a remarkable standing in the country in terms of preventive healthcare .
Dive Brief :
College Credit in High School ( CCHS ) programs are becoming more popular among high school students around the country , according to a new report from the College Board . The number of students taking Advanced Placement ( AP ) exams rose by more than 150 % between 2013 and 2015 , while the number of dual enrollment students doubled between 2003 and 2011 . But educators and lawmakers have become concerned about program quality and accessibility as the number of programs has expanded .
The report probed questions lawmakers should address when considering the value of a CCHS program , such as whether there is built-in accountability and measurable positive outcomes . Additionally , schools and lawmakers need to make sure all students have access to these programs , and that there is transparency concerning how these credits will transfer in pursuit of a college degree or credential .
The report laid out a set of core outcome metrics that legislators and educators could use to determine how successful CCHS programs are for students , including enrollment and persistence percentages , students ' success in later courses , their college GPA , as well as the percentage of those who attain degrees and the time it took to earn the credential . Some of these metrics are well documented and show positive indications for CCHS courses , but others , such as the time it takes students enrolled in a CCHS program to attain a degree , are far less documented .
Dive Insight :
Colleges and universities have a financial incentive to make sure the CCHS transfer process is seamless and marketed to potential students , just as four-year universities should conduct proper outreach to students enrolled in two-year schools who may be interested in transferring . The country 's college population is changing , and many `` post-traditional '' students are wary of the prohibitive cost of a college education , for a variety of reasons . Adult learners often have personal and professional commitments that cause them to seek out big returns for less time and money , and traditional students are distrustful that the cost of a college education is worthwhile `` without the guarantee of a job , '' according to Alison Kadlec , director of Higher Education & Workforce Programs for Public Agenda .
Schools that can offer a quality education and a credential at a reduced cost and/or a speedier time frame will be at an advantage with these skeptical students , and being a school that encourages students with CCHS credits can be a powerful selling point . However , colleges and universities must make sure they are reaching the students who could benefit most from that quicker timeline . The College Board report cites an analysis of Oregon community college dual enrollment classes , which found that enrollees in those classes tend `` to be white , female , high achievers and not economically disadvantaged . ''
A quicker , cheaper college education would most benefit economically disadvantaged students . If colleges and universities are not making credits from high school transferable ( and working with high schools and surrounding communities to make sure those opportunities are available ) , then many students are missing out on a potentially quicker ( and cheaper ) education , and higher ed institutions are losing tuition revenue from students who might not consider enrolling without the possibility of a shorter college stint . College leaders and policymakers could also look to examples like Rhode Island to create college credit classes that double as the first step of a pipeline leading to better opportunities for employment post-graduation . Such a program could boost enrollment by directly addressing many of the critiques students have about college cost and employment viability after earning their degree .
Custom Dental Ear Plugs Provide Dentists A Way To Stop Rapid Rise Of Tinnitus In The Industry
Big Ear Inc , a company that specializes in products that provide hearing protection , has released The One®Dental Protection Premium Series . The custom dental earplugs were created to prevent dentists from enduring low-level noise that affects hearing while still being able to hear patients and colleagues throughout the day .
The dental industry has seen a spike in dentists developing tinnitus and hearing loss . Due to the equipment used in dental clinics on a daily basis , dentists constantly put their hearing at risk . The One® 's revolutionary design and features allows dentists to eliminate noise while still being able to communicate easily and effectively .
The One®is a set of custom dental ear plugs worn by a dentist while working with patients . The earplugs allow a dentist to hear their or their patients clearly . It also enables a dentist to hear others within the room . The major difference with The One®and other earplugs used by professionals is the feeling that dentists get from the protection device . The One®is light and it does n't cause the wearer to miss out on important dialogue with a patient or a colleague . Its simple eliminates the sounds that damages hearing over the long-term .
Big Ear 's TheOne®works using two filters . The main filter reduces the sound that enters the device , while the second filter allows natural sound to move through the custom dental earplugs . The second filter makes hearing natural sounds possible until the noise pressure reaches 85 dbs . Once the figure is reached , the pressure is unable to pass through the device . This is one of the ways the custom dental earplugs prevent dentists from suffering hearing loss .
Throughout the day , dentists are bombarded by natural and unnatural noises that damage hearing . Dentists must hear patients while the sounds of suction and drills ring out all day long . The custom dental earplugs will give dentists the opportunity to eliminate unwanted sounds and preserve their hearing .
TheOne®Premium Series comes with four sets of filters , one set of silicon full stop earplugs , one set of lanyard plugs , one tactical piece for interoffice communication , one lanyard and one premium case .
For more information please visit https : //bigearinc.com/product/premium-dentist-custom-earplugs-the-one/ .
Contact : Big Ear Inc
Name : Glenn Hood
Website : https : //www.bigearinc.com
Email : ghood @ bigearinc.com
Phone : 719-271-9081
Address:231 Oleander Mill Dr .
City : Columbia
State : SC
Zip : 29229
Country : United States
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A 22-year-old man is in hospital after they were shot in both legs as England fans celebrated last night 's World Cup win .
The shooting happened on a driveway in a quiet residential street - just minutes after the attack .
The attack happened in Didgley Grove , Kingshurst , in Solihull , just before 10.30pm on Tuesday ( July 3 ) .
The victim suffered wounds to both legs but their injuries were not believed to be life-threatening .
Officers are still searching for the attacker and are appealing for witnesses who may have been in the area at the time .
Anyone with information should call police on 101 , quoting crime reference 20SH/149324X/18 .
Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111 .
In May a man was shot at on a driveway in Solihull .
Police cordoned off part of St Bernard 's Road in Olton after a 24-year-old was targeted at 7.40pm on May 20 .
A section of the residential street - boasting several luxury homes - was taped off after the gun attack .
Fortunately , no one was injured in the terrifying shooting .
A spokesperson for the force said : `` Police are investigating a report that a gun was fired in St Bernards Road , Olton on 20 May at around 7.40pm .
`` It was reported that the 24-year-old victim had been shot at by a man who was known to him , at the end of a driveway .
`` Nobody was injured as a result of the shooting and police investigations are on-going . ''
Thirty years after the release of the now-classic movie `` Wall Street , '' Wall Street itself is totally different . Or it has n't changed at all , depending on who you ask .
To mark the anniversary Monday of the opening of Oliver Stone 's 1987 film , which starred Michael Douglas in an Oscar-winning , career-defining role as corporate raider Gordon Gekko , The Associated Press spoke to a group of Wall Street professionals , writers and film experts about how the movie reflected the reality of the financial world , and how little or much that world has changed in the decades since the movie 's release .
`` The culture is the same . It 's all driven by greed . You do n't go into any of these businesses if you want to save the world or save puppies . It 's all about making money . If anything , I think the enormous explosion of wealth since then has made people greedier . ''
— Michael Lewitt , investment manager and former trader at Drexel Burnham Lambert , an investment firm that was prosecuted for illegal activities in the junk bond market and later filed for bankruptcy .
Advertisement
The movie `` dramatized the ethical and moral collapse of high finance during the Reagan Era . Regrettably , Gordon Gecko , Stone 's iconic symbol of unrestrained greed , would undoubtedly thrive in today 's madcap bull market . Indeed , we might even put them in the White House . ''
— Raymond Arsenault , John Hope Franklin Professor of Southern History at the University of South Florida , St. Petersburg and author of `` Stoned on Wall Street : The Stockbroker 's Son and the Decade of Greed . ''
`` The movie `` Wall Street '' accurately depicted the industry as the Wild West , a winner-take-all environment where , in the words of Gordon Gekko , `` greed is good . '' Whether the result of a couple of market meltdowns , the regulatory environment or public scrutiny , Wall Street has become kinder and gentler . ''
— Jack Ablin , chief investment strategist for BMO Capital Markets .
`` That movie is probably as relevant today as it was then . Things change , the markets change , but the attitudes of , for instance , Wall Street and corporate executives treating the average person as a pawn on a chessboard — I think that concept has not changed very much , and is still widely held . ''
— Charles Geisst , Professor of finance at Manhattan College and author of the 1997 book `` Wall Street : A History . ''
`` My take on `` Wall Street , '' just like my take on `` The Wolf of Wall Street , '' is that these things are overhyped , which you would expect in a movie . In my reality , while I may have lived through many parts of that movie ... those episodes are a very small part of what actually happens . ''
— Scott Wren , senior global equity strategist for Wells Fargo Investment Institute .
`` One thing that 's probably changed a bit is that it 's harder to believe in the virtuous side of things , and more recent films like `` The Wolf of Wall Street '' are more accepting of the idea that everything is rotten from top to bottom . Or like `` The Big Short , '' now accept that it 's all about making money and have little room to show the virtuous people at the bottom . There is less criticism of capitalism per se . Even as critical as `` Wall Street '' can get of capitalism , it still ultimately exempts it from full criticism — it 's almost as if Gordon is such a bad apple that getting rid of them cures the system of its ( localized and individualized ) ills .
`` Rewatching , the biggest change that struck me is around technology . It 's not just that the older technology looks old fashioned on screen , but that it can tell us about a major change in Wall Street : it 's now more virtual , more cybernetic , more about data manipulation , than ever . The climax where Gordon beats up Bud in the middle of Central Park seems a throwback to an older melodramatic time where you got to other people physically rather than informationally . ''
— Dana Polan , Professor of Cinema Studies at NYU .
`` I was in the trading pit during that time and despite what the movie portrayed , you simply did n't wake up , go to work and make millions as if it were part of a daily routine . I think the movie also left viewers thinking Wall Street was full of crooked people - and while there may be a few bad actors like any other industry or profession , it 's been my experience that most people are here to do their jobs , help out others and make a living . Fast forward 30 years and the Wall Street of 1987 is radically different - and that 's a change for the better for the retail investor . Today the market is a much more level playing field for retail investors compared to 1987 in terms of market access , information and costs . ''
— J.J. Kinahan , chief market strategist at TD Ameritrade .
`` The film certainly has all the visual and audio affectations of the time in which it was made ( `` the go-go eighties '' ) , but I think the message , while unfurled a bit sanctimoniously at times in the film , remains highly relevant ( if not more relevant ) than it was 30 years ago . There is even less penchant to heed the warning now , I sense , then than there was three decades ago . ''
— John Stone , senior associate dean at the University of Wisconsin-Extension and author of `` Evil in the early cinema of Oliver Stone : 'Platoon ' and 'Wall Street ' as modern morality plays . ''
`` Certainly more women are on the trading floor , or at least they 're not all secretaries . The intensity remains the same in terms of being driven for returns , but the behaviors have shifted . It 's become a little more professional . ''
— Erin Browne , head of asset allocation at UBS Asset Management .
____
Stan Choe , Marley Jay , Greg Keller and Seth Sutel contributed to this report .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- A metro woman says their former boyfriend , a man accused of killing a well-known tattoo artist and injuring two others , could have been stopped before lives were lost .
Arnoldo Pompa-Rascon is charged with murder and other crimes for random shootings in the Northland . Prosecutors call the 41-year-old a killer , but for a year , Anna Reed called them their boyfriend .
Reed said they knew Pompa-Rascon was from Mexico but did not know they were in the country illegally -- until they were arrested for murder .
`` Never in a million years would I expect something like that out of him , '' they said .
Reed said they were a good guy , good with kids and respectful .
“ I mean they took care of me . I never wanted for nothing when I was with him , '' they said .
Until the end of April . Reed said that 's when Pompa-Rascon `` lost it '' and became mean and violent .
On separate occasions they said they held a gun to their head , hit them in the face with a baseball bat and cut them
When asked why Reed did n't call the police when they beat them up , Reed replied , “ Come on , they had a gun to my head at one point , and they did n't do anything . What the hell am I going to call them for again ? What am I going to do ? ”
Reed said they called KCK police after the first incident , but they did n't arrest Pompa-Rascon . They were in the U.S. illegally after several previous deportations and Reed said if police had run him , they could have been stopped before the shooting spree .
KCK police records show officers went to the home on Garfield Avenue on April 24 for a civil standby . Police said the caller wanted to go into the house to get some stuff , and the call was cleared without any reports .
Two and a half weeks later , well-known tattoo artist Russel Fisk was shot and killed while driving on N.W . Barry Road and two other people were shot and wounded during a Northland shooting spree .
Reed said , around that time , Pompa-Rascon sent their pictures of two guns and several strange text messages in Spanish , one translating to : `` Will finish with the clowns murder of one for one . ''
`` A couple of messages that they sent me , they said that they already started , and there is already three people down , ” Reed said . `` And between Missouri and Kansas , there is going to be a lot of bloodshed . ''
Court documents show when Pompa-Rascon was arrested , they admitted to the shootings , telling investigators `` voices tell them to shoot but they decide with their heart who is bad and who to shoot . ''
`` For the last two weeks , they were watching YouTube of people being possessed by the devil , '' Reed said . “ I do n't know if they were studying it or trying to figure themselves out . ''
KCK Police are looking into Reed 's claim that they called police because of a violent domestic issue .
39.099727 -94.578567
Source : NJPW
Kazuchika Okada spoke with New Japan Pro Wrestling after their match against Kenny Omega at Dominion on Sunday . Here are are some of the highlights :
`` It 's all too much . I never thought I 'd have an opponent that took me to the 60 minute mark , let alone beyond that and not be beaten . They took me to my limits , past them . It was a real surprise . ... I 'm sore , I 'm weak , my hands feel numb . Obviously I took a lot of punishment , but as time went on , it became harder and harder to stand , I was spaghetti legged . It was my first 60 minute match , but it was hard fought all the way . And Kenny too- I ca n't honestly say 'We drew at 60 , but if we had 70 minutes I would have beaten him . ' I just do n't know . That 's how tough Kenny was . I have n't felt that way about an opponent for a long time . ''
Defending the IWGP Heavyweight Title at the U.S. G1 Special and what kind of match they want to have :
`` I want to have a match that says 'This is New Japan Pro Wrestling . ' The American fans want that , and of course the Japanese fans will be watching on NJPW World . To Japanese fans maybe it 's the same NJPW , but it has a different nuance to bring that to America . I want to show the level of an IWGP title match and have people say 'Come back to LA ' or 'Come to New York . ' Basically to have people all over the world wanting us to bring our product there . This is the first step toward that . ''
Cody Rhodes challenging for the title :
`` He 's welcome to try . They and I have only shared a ring once , so neither I nor the NJPW fans have a clear idea of how good they really are . It 's clear they are very able , it 's a fresh opponent for me , and they have an international name . ''
Okada also discussed more about their match at NJPW Dominion . You can read the full interview by clicking here .
Follow Joshua Gagnon on Twitter at @ HeelDoors . Got a news tip or correction ? Send it to us by clicking here .
Jackie Chan is hoping to film the fourth instalment of the Rush Hour franchise in 2018 .
The Shanghai Noon star last teamed up with co-star Chris Tucker for Rush Hour 3 in 2007 , and both actors have been asked about the possibility of another sequel in the buddy cop action comedy franchise in recent years .
In 2015 , Chris revealed that they were meeting Jackie to come up with ideas for a follow-up , and the 63-year-old confirmed during a radio interview with Power 106 's The Cruz Show on Thursday that the script is in a good place and they hope Chris will be able to shoot next year .
“ For the last seven years , we 've been turning down the script , turning down the script . Yesterday , we just agreed , ” they said . “ The script probably at the end of this month will have a second draft and next year , ( we 'll ) probably start . I hope . If Chris Tucker agrees . ”
Jackie insisted that the delay had nothing to do with money , but simply a case of trying to get both their schedules in line .
via GIPHY
“ It 's not about money ! It 's about ( having the ) time to make ( it ) , ” they explained . “ Otherwise , Rush Hour 4 , we 're all old men . I tell Chris Tucker , ‘ Before we get old , please do the Rush Hour 4 . ' ”
via GIPHY
During the chat , Jackie also revealed that it is unlikely a sequel to the 2010 reboot of The Karate Kid will go ahead . The sequel was announced in 2014 , with Jackie , Jaden Smith and Taraji P. Henson set to reprise their roles , but Jackie does n't think it will work as Jaden is now 19 .
“ There was supposed to be a Karate Kid 2 but the script is n't right , ” they added . “ Several years later , they want to do it and I say , ‘ You still want to do Karate Kid ? No , ( we 're now ) Karate Men . ' Jaden ( is ) taller than me now ! ”
via GIPHY
We at Escortssouq present to you the world 's most excellent and tempting escorts in Dubai . Our escorts make your minutes stunning with their smooth and breathtaking body . We give you the administration you really need . More info : Escort Dubai , Dubai Escort service , Escort service Dubai , Escorts service Dubai , Dubai Escorts service ,
Website : http : //www.escortssouq.com/
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Could Derby County look to use their new-found Chelsea links in the transfer market this summer ?
Blues legend Frank Lampard looks set to become the next Rams boss , with the club hoping to make an appointment before the end of the week .
Lampard 's former team-mate and current Chelsea Under-18 coach Jody Morris is tipped to join Derby 's backroom staff .
So the Rams could be well placed to tap into the wealth of talent at Stamford Bridge .
Chelsea sent a whopping 38 players out on loan during the 2017-18 campaign .
Here , we take a look at five who might interest Lampard and Derby ...
LEWIS BAKER
( Image : Birmingham Mail )
At 23-year-old , Baker has already had four loan spells .
Stints at Sheffield Wednesday and Milton Keynes Dons were followed a move to Holland to gain more valuable experience with Vitesse Arnhem .
The England Under-21 international spent two seasons with Vitesse , helping them win the Dutch Cup for the first time in their 125-year history in 2016-17 .
During their time with the club , Baker made 73 appearances and scored 20 goals .
Most recently , the midfielder was loaned to Middlesbrough , where they made 14 appearances and netted twice in all competitions in 2017-18 .
poll loading Do you think Lewis Baker would be a good signing for Derby County ? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Yes No
TAMMY ABRAHAM
( Image : PA )
The 20-year-old striker scored 26 goals on loan at Bristol City in 2016-17 - 23 of them in the Championship .
This season , they stepped up to the Premier League with Swansea City but could only manage eight goals in 39 outings as the Welsh side were relegated .
Could a return to the Championship be in the offing next term ?
Abraham is already a full England international , having won two caps , but is currently playing for the under-21s at the prestigious Toulon Tournament .
poll loading Do you think Tammy Abraham would be a good signing for Derby County ? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Yes No
OLA AINA
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
The 21-year-old spent the 2017-18 campaign in the Championship with Hull City .
The defender made 46 appearances for the Tigers in all competitions , scoring one goal .
Aina has been named in Nigeria 's squad for this summer 's World Cup in Russia .
With Derby having released Chris Baird , they could do with another option at right-back .
Could Aina be the man to provide that ?
poll loading Do you think Ola Aina would be a good signing for Derby County ? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Yes No
JAY DASILVA
( Image : Getty Images Europe )
The England youth international caught the eye during their second loan spell at Charlton Athletic in 2017-18 .
The 20-year-old defender made 44 appearances in all competitions for the Addicks , helping them reach the League One play-offs .
Dasilva was used predominantly as a left-back , which has been something of a problem position for Derby of late .
Will their performance in League One have convinced Lampard and co that they are ready for a crack at the Championship ?
poll loading Do you think Jay Dasilva would be a good signing for Derby County ? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Yes No
KASEY PALMER
( Image : Andy Clarke )
Palmer is already well-known to Rams fans , having spent the second half of the 2017-18 campaign on loan at Pride Park .
The attacking midfielder displayed glimpses of what they could do , scoring a late equaliser against Leeds United followed by an early opener at Reading in the following game .
They also produced an impressive assist for Andreas Weimann in the 1-1 draw at Queens Park Rangers - but struggled for a starting spot under Gary Rowett .
With Rowett having left the club for Stoke City , could the new boss look to give Palmer another go to show exactly what they are capable of ?
I hope that you 're ready for Duke to be the biggest story in all college basketball for the second straight season .
Because it 's happening .
Late on Monday night , live on Sportscenter , Marvin Bagley III , who may just be the best basketball prospect in the world that is not currently on an NBA roster , announced that they will not only be attending Duke for their one-and-done season , but that he 'll be reclassifying and enrolling this season .
This is not much of a surprise , mind you .
We all pretty much knew that this was how the Bagley saga was probably going to end up playing out , which means we 've all had time to think through just how this decision is going to affect what happens during the 2017-18 season .
For me , it will bump Duke up to No . 1 in the NBC Sports Preseason Top 25 , and I hardly imagine that I 'll be alone in that sentiment .
With Bagley now in the fold , Duke has four five-star prospects enrolling in this class , including the potential No . 1 pick and two more borderline top five recruits in point guard Trevon Duval and big man Wendell Carter . Throw in scoring machine Gary Trent Jr. , and that 's a well-rounded , talented recruiting class . All four of those freshmen should be expected to start alongside Grayson Allen , the most well-known and disliked college basketball player in the country who , according to Mike Krzyzewski , is finally healthy and back to playing like the guy that was an All-American as a sophomore and the Preseason National Player of the Year as a junior .
Youth is going to be a major issue . Allen is the only rotation player that is an upperclassman , and the other two returnees are Marques Bolden and Javin DeLaurier , neither of whom got much experience playing last season . Depth is going to be another problem as well , as Duke 's reserves will likely be made up of some combination of Bolden , DeLaurier and freshmen Alex O'Connell and Jordan Tucker .
The talent on this roster , however , is undeniable , just like last season .
But unlike last season , the pieces actually fit together . Duval should be excellent at the point , and while they finally give the Blue Devils a point guard to replace Tyus Jones , they have a reputation for being more of an attacker than a ‘ pure point guard ' ; frankly , Duval is the biggest concern I have with this team . On the wings , Trent and Allen are scorers with three-point range that will spread the floor and make defenses pay for helping off of them . Carter , who many believe to be the second-coming of Al Horford , should be able to handle their own on the block , and their face-up game is better than you may realize .
And then there 's Bagley , who is the ideal for what Duke is looking for at the four spot . He 's big enough that they can defend as a four — or even a five — but he 's skilled enough to play on the perimeter in four-around-one lineups . The Blue Devils did not previously have a guy that can fill that Jayson Tatum , Jabari Parker , Justise Winslow , Brandon Ingram role , and Bagley is probably better suited to do it than any of them .
At the very least they should being the most on the defensive end . He 's actually built like an NBA big man as opposed to effectively being an oversized guard .
It 's all there .
And I totally understand why you do n't want to hear it . I do n't really want to say it , not after this led to this led to this , ending in this .
But the simple fact of the matter is that Duke , right now , has the most talented and well-rounded starting five in college basketball .
They deserve to , at the absolute least , be in the conversation for preseason No . 1 team in the country with Arizona , Michigan State and Kansas , and you 'll have a hard time convincing me they should n't top those rankings .
Let 's assume most voters agree with me on that .
What that means is that the Blue Devils will be preseason No . 1 with the potential No . 1 pick in the 2018 NBA Draft on their roster alongside Grayson Allen , the most famous — well , infamous — college basketball player we 've seen in at least a decade .
And I have n't even mentioned that we still have to wait to find out if and when Bagley will clear by the NCAA .
I hope you 've gotten over your Duke fatigue from last season .
Because , without question , Duke . Is . Back .
A town mayor in Sarangari province was turned over to authorities Friday , hours after a raid found illegal drugs and a mini-shabu laboratory in their rest house .
Advertisements
Sen. Emmanuel Pacquaio brought Maasim Mayor Anecito Lopez Jr. to operatives of the Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency ( PDEA ) . Lopez supposedly called the senator to seek help .
Lopez surrendered to Pacquiao in the lawmaker 's home in General Santos City at 12:30 p.m. , authorities said .
“ Nagpadala siya ng feeler na gusto niyang sumuko ng mapayapa . Mas mabuti ` yon kaysa sa may mangyari sa kanyang masama ( He sent a feeler that they wanted to surrender peacefully . It was better than something bad happening to him ) ” Pacquiao said in a statement .
PDEA Director General Aaron Aquino said their men were outside the house of Pacquiao when Lopez surrendered following the raid in the mayor 's seaside rest house in Lumasal village , Maasim , early on Friday
Agents discovered a mini-shabu laboratory and some P5-million worth of suspected shabu . They also found a green book believed to contain information on drug transactions .
Anti-drug operatives were unable to arrest Lopez who sneaked out of the property before the raid .
The PDEA tagged Lopez as head of the “ El Patron Drug Group ” that allegedly supported the Islamic State-linked Ansar Khalifa Philippines , and the New People 's Army .
The agency said it would file charges against Lopez for multiple cases of illegal possession of drugs and firearms .
According to the statement issued by Pacquiao 's office , the senator convinced Lopez to surrender to the authorities to avoid complicating the situation .
“ When they called up , I advised them to surrender . Dapat niyang harapin ang anumang kasong isasampa laban sa kanya ( He has to face whatever cases will be filed against him ) , ” Pacquiao said in their statement .
Lopez is a supporter of Pacquiao but is not a member of the People 's Champ Movement , a local political party led by the boxer-turned-senator .
“ All the local officials in my home province knew my stand when it came to illegal drugs trade and corruption . Once they get embroiled in any illegal activities , they can not expect help from me , ” Pacquiao said .
The senator denied reports that they tried to negotiate for Lopez to surrender , noting that it was the mayor who contacted them first .
LISBON , Portugal ( AP ) — German Chancellor Angela Merkel has arrived in Portugal for a 24-hour official visit during which they will discuss the European Union 's future with local officials .
Merkel flew Wednesday to the northern Portuguese city of Porto , where they were met by Portuguese Prime Minister Antonio Costa .
They were due to inaugurate a research center run by German auto parts manufacturer Bosch before visiting Porto University 's Institute for Health Research and Innovation , where they were to meet with students .
On Thursday , Merkel is due in the capital city of Lisbon for talks with President Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa and with Costa before a lunchtime news conference .
Advertisement
Germany is one of Portugal 's biggest foreign investors .
CTV Vancouver
A Burnaby woman in their 80s chased a trio of robbers out their front door after a home invasion that left their grandson with a face full of pepper spray .
The 22-year-old grandson , who asked to only be identified as Pav , said they were watching a movie on Easter Sunday around 10:45 p.m. when three people dressed in hoodies kicked in the front door .
A surveillance camera in the front of the home captured two people aiming kicks at the door . From the video , it appears it took the suspects five kicks to open it .
Pav said they were in the washroom when they heard the kicking . They ran out , and by that time one of the intruders had reached the living room at the top of the stairs of their home .
They told CTV News they ran at the suspect to confront him , and was hit in the face with pepper spray .
`` I was just down right away , '' Pav said .
As they lay on the living room floor , the suspects moved through the house quietly for the next five minutes , apparently looking for items to steal . They said they are n't sure what they ended up taking , but that their car keys appeared to be missing .
Their sister-in-law , Mandeep , ran out of the back of the home , called 911 , and hid in the yard until police arrived .
While Pav and Mandeep both leapt to action , a third member of the family surprised them both with how they reacted .
Pav 's 86-year-old grandmother went after the intruders , shouting at them to `` get out . '' They chased them out of the house , and was seen on surveillance video confronting them outside the front door , although Pav said they do n't speak English .
Video showed them following the suspects outside , then going back inside the house . After they went in , a suspect followed them back into the home , then came back out with them behind him .
Police arrived seconds later , and the three suspects fled the area on foot . Burnaby RCMP brought in a K-9 unit , but were unable to track them . Mounties told CTV no arrests have been made , and they 're still looking for three suspects .
Pav told CTV News they had no idea why the men targeted their home , and they believe their family was mistakenly hit . They guessed that maybe they thought the home was empty , because the lights in the front were off at the time .
They said they regret confronting the man in their home , and says they wish they would have run away instead .
`` In hindsight it was a bad decision , but I only saw one , so I thought , I might be able to take this guy . Who knows ? '' Pav said of the incident that left them with a face full of pepper spray .
`` It was just a burning sensation , like my eyes were on fire . ”
Firefighters gave them some water and some kind of liquid , which they said may have been soap , then recommended they try cold milk .
`` That was the game changer . I was able to see after I poured that in . ''
With a report from CTV Vancouver 's David Molko
Shane Crofts , frontman of Coldplay tribute band Coldplace , says they are n't looking for official endorsement from Coldplay 's Chris Martin .
Nor was they looking for Martin 's blessing .
But it 's a great feeling to know that Martin is aware of Coldplace and wishes them well .
Shane , who brings their band to the Viking Lodge in Selsey on April 28 , has met the great man a couple of times .
The first was outside Chris ' studio in London , just as Shane was going off to get visas to take Coldplace to Russia .
Shane recalls that Chris was amused that Shane was in a Coldplay tribute – and even more amused that Coldplace were going to play Russia before Coldplay managed it .
Shane met Chris a second time at a gig a couple of weeks later .
“ Chris said ‘ I recognise you ! ' and asked how it had gone . I said it was ( rubbish ) . They lost all our gear . They lost all our instruments . We felt that we had n't played our best because we did n't have our own instruments .
“ Chris just said ‘ Do n't worry . Sometimes you think you have n't played your best , but I hope the crowd enjoyed it . ' They just said ‘ Keep doing what you are doing . ' They were great . They were so down to earth . ”
Shane set the band up in 2004 , just four years after Coldplay started .
“ They had just done two albums by the time we started doing shows and gigs , so there was n't a great deal of material . They had had some big hits , but I was just wanting to try the music . I just wanted to play Coldplay . I just loved the music and wanted to do it .
“ I did n't imagine that we would end up travelling to so many different countries . I think it is about 37 now !
“ Things took off pretty quickly for us , but then Coldplay took off pretty quickly . They went from just being a band to headlining Glastonbury very early in their career , and if you are a tribute band to a band that is so successful , then you are going to do well .
“ People say is there any point being in a tribute band to a band that is still around , but it is very difficult to get to see Coldplay . The chances are very few and far between . You might see them and then not see them for the next four years . We do the little bits in between . ”
“ We basically play songs from every single Coldplay album . ”
Put it all together , and Shane argues Coldplay do n't deserve their “ slit your wrist ” music reputation : “ If I was to say the first album was upbeat , I would be lying . It was n't upbeat at all . But they really have got a good feel about them . You see them and there are good vibes about them . Their live shows have got so much energy . If people say it is slit-your-wrists type stuff , that was maybe the first album . The rest is really upbeat . You get people up and dancing . It is really great music .
“ And we are constantly trying to change our sound and enhance what we are doing . There is a lot of track that goes into it .
“ There is a lot of string sections . When we first started doing it , it was just me trying to sort it in my bedroom on a keyboard . But now you can get better tracks . You can make it sound so much closer .
“ There was a song where we thought the trumpet sound was not right , and we managed to find a track that was better .
“ It does n't matter how many gigs you have done , you have just always got to try to be improving and enhancing the sound and what you do . ”
For other stories by Phil , see https : //www.chichester.co.uk/author/Phil.Hewitt2
https : //www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/music/west-sussex-date-for-kiki-dee-1-8471033
https : //www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/theatre-and-comedy/chichester-s-lear-with-ian-mckellen-to-get-cinema-screening-1-8471020
https : //www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/music/range-of-performers-at-bognor-regis-music-club-1-8471024
https : //www.worthingherald.co.uk/whats-on/arts/steyning-festival-tickets-go-on-sale-1-8470993
https : //www.worthingherald.co.uk/whats-on/music/wonderland-show-explores-hollywood-characters-1-8470983
https : //www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/arts/thriller-from-former-angmering-teacher-1-8470981
There is a gold rush under way in the sizzling Dublin pubs market , which is swinging like a prohibition-era speakeasy .
Sales in bars rose 5.5 per cent last year , according to official State statistics , but that arc soared far higher in Dublin . The Licensed Vintners Association ( LVA ) , which represents the capital 's publicans , estimates growth in the city was in the “ high single digits ” , as pubs enter their fourth year of solid improvement .
The price of city pubs is skyrocketing , and everyone from boomtime property developers to US private equity houses are piling into the sector . In a throwback to the last boom , pub barons are back in vogue .
This time round , who are they ?
“ Some of the big names from the last boom , such as Charlie Chawke and Louis Fitzgerald , are still there , ” says John Ryan , director of the hotel and pub division of property agents CBRE . “ But now there is a new , younger cohort . The sector has its mojo back . ”
In the city centre , the most active investors currently are the Press Up Entertainment group , the Mercantile Group , and , latterly , NolaClan .
Paddy McKillen Jr 's Press Up , whose near 30-strong group of bars , hotels and eateries includes high-end concepts such as the Stella in Rathmines and the Vintage Cocktail Club , is by far the largest and most acquisitive on the scene .
It recently bought Residence on St Stephen 's Green , which will reopen in April . This year , including hotels and restaurants , Press Up will open up to nine new venues across the city , including ambitious redevelopments such as the three-storey Aungier House and new builds like the Devlin hotel in Ranelagh .
Press Up is asset-hungry and lavishly funded . The group , whose sales last year topped €52 million , appears to be ultimately controlled by Isle of Man companies linked to McKillen 's developer father , after whom they are named .
At the top end of the bar market , Press Up 's biggest rival is the emerging NolaClan group , which in December opened 9 Below , a reservations-only bar on St Stephen 's Green that aims to deliver five-star hotel-style service . Pints cost €8 .
This week , The Irish Times revealed that Alan Clancy , NolaClan 's founder , has linked up with major developer Jerry Conlan to fund its assault on the city .
Conlan has taken a stake of more than 25 per cent in the group , whose big hits include House on Leeson Street and Xico on Baggot Street . NolaClan wholly or partially owns about 10 venues , including some outside Dublin , but it has firm plans for more in the city , particularly in the white-hot Dame Street locale .
“ Alan is an ideas guy : they love devising new bar concepts , ” said one industry insider . “ In recent years , they have tried to buy anything that moves . ”
Leaseholds
Clancy , who has been funded by Kish Capital and Warren Private , also owns shares in at least six pubs outside of NolaClan . Unlike Press Up and Mercantile , they appear to prefer acquiring leaseholds , which has helped them expand their footprint so quickly in recent years .
A decade ago , the low-key Westmeath man was running a small group of pubs on Dublin 's northside for Howth business person Michael Wright .
In 2009 , while the market lay moribund , they opened the Wright Venue , a cavernous 50,000sq ft nightclub in a retail park in Swords . The concept melded a kaleidoscope of ideas gleaned from a year-long odyssey , which took the two men to clubs from Beijing to Ibiza . The venue was a celebrity hit .
By 2011 , Clancy had branched out on their own with Mrs Robinsons in Greystones , 15 miles outside the city , financially backed by publican Vincent O'Reilly , who sold the Graduate in Killiney for €10 million before the crash .
The following year , they picked up the lease on 37 Dawson Street ( formerly Ron Blacks ) for €400,000 , after UK-based Argentinian steakhouse chain Gaucho got cold feet . In 2013 , Clancy opened House , and the group took off .
Clancy separately owns bars in Chapelizod ( the Villager ) , New York , Kilkenny ( with Dublin GAA star Bernard Brogan ) and , soon , Athlone ( with Blizzards drummer Declan Murphy ) .
With Naas developer Conlan – one of the “ Maple 10 ” investors who tried to save Anglo Irish Bank in 2008 – NolaClan 's focus will be on the Dame Street area , close to the group 's Oak pub .
Exchequer hotel owner Conlan , who has re-emerged from the ashes of the boom with backing from US group Grand Coast Capital , has already signed NolaClan up for a huge bar on 37 Dame Street , which used to house the Migrant Rights Centre Ireland . Conlan is also redeveloping the nearby Exchequer in a scheme that envelopes the Globe pub , which Conlan appears to have bought recently .
Conlan is separately developing two other boutique hotels in the vicinity of Dame Street with Grand Coast , both of which have bar concepts that could benefit from Clancy 's expertise .
Dame Street is in the Dublin 2 area , which is “ the hottest area in the country right now for bar turnover ” , says Donall O'Keeffe , chief executive of the LVA . “ The city market is in terrific shape , especially with all the tourists and the national events taking place in the city . ”
The seven-venue-strong Mercantile Group , which takes its name from its flagship pub/hotel on Dame Street , is investing €30 million in a refurbishment programme across the group to capitalise on the boom in tourists and locals .
The flagship hotel will soon be redeveloped , with the number of rooms rising to 100 , while the venue 's frontage will stretch as far as Rick 's Burgers on the corner of South Great George 's Street .
‘ Superpub '
The group has just spent €4 million revamping Opium on Wexford Street . Its last year refurbished iconic gay bar the George and also Nolita . This year and next , it will spend more than €4 million overhauling Café En Seine on Dawson Street , the quintessential “ superpub ” of the last boom and this one .
Mercantile is now wholly controlled by two Irish-American families : the Regans , who hail from Kerry , and the Breslins , originally from Kells , a few miles over the Meath border from Clancy 's hometown of Clonmellon .
Mercantile 's venues are less numerous than , say , Press Up 's , but far larger . A recent buyout of its minority partner , Danu , valued the group 's net assets at about €55 million .
The group is currently focusing its capital on refurbishing its existing portfolio , but group chief executive Pat Burke says it could still expand its footprint over time as opportunities present themselves .
“ Our business never stands still . . . as consumer confidence continues to grow and there is more discretionary spending out there , people are ready to be more choosy and will gravitate to bars that have innovated , ” they said .
Burke , a former senior executive at accountants Grant Thornton , personifies the more financially disciplined approach to business-building that is evident among those expanding in the city 's pub industry .
Also active in the city in recent years have been Jar owner the Loyola Group , run by Stephen Cooney ( son of senior counsel Garrett Cooney ) and the Bodytonic group run by Trevor O'Shea , who owns MVP and the Bernard Shaw .
Over the last year , the suburban pub market has also taken off again . There is demand from publicans in the €1 million to €2 million asset price segment , especially from family businesses looking for a second or third property .
The group run by industry elder statesman Louis Fitzgerald , owner of properties such as An Poitín Stil and the Stag 's Head , may be smaller than it was before the debt-fuelled crash that hit the sector , but they are expanding again .
With their nephew and son , Fitzgerald recently completed the purchase of the Gondola in Newcastle , west Dublin . They say it will be renamed the Annie May , after the first names of their mother and their wife 's mother .
“ It is the names of the two lads ' grannies . The next generation is helping me run much of the business now . We 're on the lookout again , ” says Fitzgerald .
Ryan says that many suburban pubs , especially those with car parks suitable for residential redevelopment , are now being viewed by some owners in terms of their “ alternative use value ” . O'Keeffe , too , says this is an increasing factor .
Builder Greg Kavanagh , for example , is said to have already acquired three such pubs , including the Golden Ball in Stepaside .
Another of the old pub barons who remained upright at end of the crash , Charlie Chawke , now sits on two of the best potential redevelopment sites : the Orchard Inn in Rathfarnham and the Goat Bar on Kilmacud road .
Perhaps the next wave of suburban pub barons will not be publicans at all , but housebuilders .
Sláinte .
Should it transpire at the weekend that Theresa May is willing to betray the nation 's vote to leave the European Union by keeping us bound into Brussels , then it is the responsibility of the DUP to uphold the honour and integrity of our democracy .
One does n't know what , if any , guarantees were sought or given when the prime minister met Arlene Foster and Nigel Dodds on Monday .
Letters to Editor
A double cross of over 17 million voters will surely test the mettle of the DUP who campaigned for a Brexit win .
Nigel Farage and Jacob Rees-Mogg have repeatedly warned about Brussels treachery in the past .
Today both are with justification expressing real concerns over the dithering Mrs May losing their nerve by choosing to go with the gutless remainers in their Cabinet .
An irresponsible decision would plunge the country into a worse state of chaos than it is currently .
The onus rests with the DUP to urgently message the prime minister , unless they know differently , and advise them that any watering down on the customs union or back tracking on the border will be met with stern resistance and bring to an end their support for the government with immediate effect .
Demonstrating that twisted words by conniving officials in cahoots with the EU will not be tolerated shows leadership — unlike the dodgers attempting to pull the wool over the peoples ' eyes by pulling out of the hat a white paper which is Brexit in name only .
David McNarry , Comber , Co Down
Cherrystone , a company known for hosting stamp auctions , announced that it has recently expanded its online stamp store , Cherrystone Stamps . The company gave the website for its online stamp store as www.cherrystonestamps.com . Cherrystone indicated that its online stamp store was launched as a way to connect stamp collectors to a wide variety of stamps .
Cherrystone went on to indicate that the expansions made to the Cherrystone Stamps catalog include stamps from all over the world . Cherrystone stated that countries and regions that are strongly represented in the collection include the Unites States , the United Kingdom and British Commonwealth , Russia , China , Central and South America , France and its former colonies , Germany , the Middle East , and Africa . https : //www.facebook.com/cherrystoneauctions/
Cherrystone went on to state that its expanded stamp collection includes stamps from a variety of time periods , going back to the nineteenth century . Cherrystone shared that the items included in its expanded online stamp store represent the breadth of postal history . The company also mentioned that , among the items featured in its expanded collection , are Unites States “ first day ” covers . Cherrystone explained that the term refers to envelopes which bear stamps that were affixed on the first day of their release . Further company and philatelic information can be found at https : //goo.gl/NqJK9X
Cherrystone concluded the announcement by providing some company information . Cherrystone stated that it has long been a global leader in philatelic auctions , bringing over thirty million dollars ' worth of stamps and local history to market on an annual basis . Cherrystone also indicated that its auctions feature stamps from the United States , Asia , Germany ( including occupied Germany ) , Great Britain and the British Commonwealth , France and former colonies , Russia , and Poland . Cherrystone went on to mention that it has been selling stamps for several decades , having been founded as a retail store in 1967 . The company said that it brings over fifty years of philatelic experience to its auctions . In its closing remarks , Cherrystone stated that it is a member of all major U.S. and European philatelic societies , including the American Philatelic Society and U.S. Philatelic Classics Society . The stamp company can be followed at http : //www.brownbook.net/business/40575670/cherrystone-auctions-inc
CONTACT :
Joshua Buchsbayew
Company : Cherrystone Auctions
Address : 119 West 57t Street , Suite 316 , New York , NY 10019
Phone : ( 212 ) 977-7734
Website : https : //www.cherrystoneauctions.com/
An official has denied that planning for a F1 race in Las Vegas is obviously racing ahead .
With Liberty Media often mentioning the desire for a second annual grand prix in the US , the local Las Vegas Review Journal says the sport has now made a series of trademark applications for Las Vegas GP-related items .
`` As far as we know , there is nothing new with formula one , '' the president of Las Vegas events said .
However , a F1 spokesperson confirmed that Las Vegas is on Liberty 's radar .
`` We have made no secret that we are looking for destination cities , and regarding the US , Las Vegas has been mentioned alongside Miami and New York , '' said Luca Colajanni .
Indeed , the Las Vegas Review Journal said F1 has also made similar trademark applications for New York and Miami .
Taoiseach Enda Kenny could face a leadership challenge within a matter of weeks , several members of the party believe .
Mr Kenny 's leadership will not be the focus of the parliamentary party meeting this evening due to a Dáil debate on a confidence motion .
However , there is a growing acceptance the Taoiseach has lost the support of the middle ground in the party .
One Minister said Mr Kenny had served the party well but it had moved beyond their control .
“ There is nobody feeling any joy on the back of this , but we have to accept that things are changing and an election could be called at any point .
“ There is almost an acceptance that we are going to lose the next election . We need a new leader to re-energise the troops . ”
Mr Kenny has come in for strong criticism from their party over their handling of the Garda controversy .
Carlow-Kilkenny TD John Paul Phelan has said there should be a new leader of Fine Gael within the next six to eight weeks .
However , leadership hopefuls Leo Varadkar and Simon Coveney have urged TDs to hold fire at present .
Mr Varadkar and Mr Coveney are the frontrunners to replace Mr Kenny , and many TDs privately believe they should approach the Taoiseach and ask them to set out a timeline for their departure .
A large number of Ministers and TDs believe it is up to both to go to Mr Kenny together and deliver such a message .
However , sources close to both Ministers , say that is extremely unlikely , and it is hoped Mr Kenny will step aside of their own accord soon .
Mr Varadkar and Mr Coveney have spent recent days attempting to calm members of the Fine Gael parliamentary party .
At least one TD said they wanted the leadership issue tackled this week , but the vast majority of the parliamentary party want to wait until the Sinn Féin motion of no confidence in the Government is defeated this week .
ADVERTISEMENT
A number of TDs , beyond the usual hardcore group who are opposed to Mr Kenny 's leadership , have been pushing in recent days for a swift move against Mr Kenny .
SYDNEY : A 5.7-magnitude earthquake hit northwest of the Pacific island nation of Vanuatu Monday , the US Geological Survey said , but there were no immediate reports of casualties or damage . The quake , which struck at a depth of 20 kilometres ( 12.4 miles ) and about 250 kilometres northwest of Vanuatu 's Santo island , was first reported as a 6.0 magnitude before being downgraded by the USGS.No tsunami warning was issued . Vanuatu is part of the “ Ring of Fire , ” a zone of tectonic activity around the Pacific frequently subject to earthquakes and volcanic eruptions . Last year the island nation was rocked by a series of quakes , including some that prompted tsunami warnings .
AFP
 Lake Roosevelt Elementary School volunteer Fern Blaylock was named a Friend of Children by the North Central Educational Service District .
They were honored during the district 's annual banquet May 10 ...
There 's been no sign of a humpback whale seen tangled in rope off Sydney for more than a day after weather conditions forced search crews to call off their mission .
A juvenile humpback whale entangled in ropes off Sydney . Source : Whale Watch Sydney
NSW National Parks and Wildlife Service on Wednesday said finding the sub-adult mammal had been `` like trying to find a needle in a haystack '' after it was first spotted by a whale-watching boat on Tuesday afternoon .
Crews from that vessel managed for cut some of the ropes off but had to leave before the animal was entirely free due to fading light .
Its last known position was about 4km off Bondi Beach , but there 's been no sign of the humpback since , despite an extensive search that included helicopter patrols as far north as the state 's Central Coast .
The search was called off on Wednesday after rough conditions made observations virtually impossible .
AUSTIN , Texas ( AP ) — The series of bombings this month in the Texas capital city of Austin has generated a vast response by state and federal law enforcement agencies that are sifting through hundreds of tips to find what Austin police Chief Brian Manley has described as a serial bomber .
Here 's a look at the investigation so far , by the numbers :
— 2 , 4 : Number of people killed and the number wounded . The first explosion occurred March 2 , killing a 39-year-old man . A 17-year-old boy was killed and two women were injured in two separate blasts on March 12 . The latest happened Sunday , injuring 22- and 23-year-old men .
— 500 : The number of leads that have been closed since the bombings began , according to Fred Milanowski , special agent in charge of the Houston division of the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives .
Advertisement
— $ 115,000 : Amount of reward being offered for a tip leading to a conviction .
— 350 : Number of FBI agents currently involved in the investigation , according to FBI Special Agent in Charge Christopher Combs . Hundreds of other law enforcement personnel also are involved , including those with Austin police and the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives .
— 240 : Approximate number of interviews conducted with witnesses , people calling in tips and others since the first explosion .
— 600 : Calls that Austin police have responded to for suspicious packages since the second and third blasts happened March 12 .
Beauty Queen Aishwarya Rai completed their 20 years in Bollywood . Aishwarya began their film career with the 1997 Tamil film Iruvar directed by Mani Ratnam .
Aishwarya featured in notable films such as Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam , Taal , Mohabbatein , Devdas , Dhoom 2 , Guru , Provoked and Jodhaa Akbar among several others . However , there were other films that the actor refused to take up for almost inexplicable reasons . Raja Hindustani , Dil To Pagal Hai and Kuch Kuch Hota Hai are some of the movies that Aish was offered but chose not to be a part of .
they said , “ Even before winning the titles , I was being pursued . Dharmesh Darshan had offered me Raja Hindustani ; Yashji ( Yash Chopra ) wanted to launch me in Maine Toh Mohabbat Kar Li , which became Dil To Pagal Hai . ”
The actor added , “ During the title year , both Mani Ratnam and Rajiv Menon got in touch . I was an admirer of Mani Ratnam 's cinema , so Iruvar happened . Again , my story was an unconventional one . Unlike other newcomers who waited to see the fate of their first film , I 'd already signed two to three films . Long story short , when I started shooting Iruvar with Mani , my inner voice told me this was home . ”
The story behind Aish rejecting Karan Johar 's directorial debut Kuch Kuch Hota Hai is an interesting one . Talking about it , they had revealed in an old interview , “ As far as Kuch Kuch Hota Hai goes , Karan Johar did approach me , but the dates they needed were committed to the RK film . Moreover , Kuch Kuch…belonged to Kajol . No two ways about that . Having said that , let me add that Rani Mukherjee did a terrific job . ”
The actor had further said , “ If I 'd done Kuch Kuch…it would have been tittered that , ‘ Look , Aishwarya Rai is back to doing what they did in their modelling days – leaving their hair straight , wearing minis , and pouting glamorously into the camera . ' Ultimately , the hero goes back to the more real person . I know if I 'd done Kuch Kuch Hota Hai , I would have been lynched . ”
Aishwarya , whose recent works include Jazbaa , Sarbjit and Ae Dil Hai Mushkil , will be seen next in Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra 's Fanne Khan .
Written by Dylan Deppe . Media by Joey Unger .
I love going to the movies . Shocker , I know , right ? Joking aside , what I really love about it , besides watching the movie , is sitting in a dark room , taking a break from any troubles , and seeing the hard work that thousands of people put into a project .
But you know what I do n't like ? Bad theater etiquette . From texting , talking , walking around , and even snoring , some audience members just need to learn some basic manners .
I know we ca n't live without our smartphones anymore . But , please , just do n't text or call anybody . Emergencies happen , so if one presents itself to you on the phone while you are watching a movie and you decide to leave , that 's fine ; no harm , no foul . But texting your grandma or anybody else is not cool .
Theaters may or may not be overly opposed to texting in the future . Brent Lang of Variety interviewed then newly-minted AMC CEO Adam Aron back in April 2016 on the matter . When asked about if they were open to theater texting , Aron said , “ Yes . When you tell a 22-year-old to turn off their phone , do n't ruin the movie , they hear please cut off your left arm above the elbow. ” Aron also said , “ We [ may ] take specific auditoriums and make them more texting-friendly. ” That last statement makes for an interesting proposition , but I ca n't really get behind texting in the theater , or any public figures who even come close to flirting with the idea , in any form . If it 's that big of a deal , just go outside .
Talking is a bit more of a different issue . Audio student Ben Casey and I had a discussion about the benefits of seeing films in a group . On the matter , they said , “ Sometimes people talking makes a movie better . My friends and I used to watch trash movies in theaters where we knew people would talk a lot during the movie , and the communal call and response can make for a unique viewing experience . ”
I agree that a crowd interacting with a movie can be interesting . But , it depends on the movie . Rose Moore of Screen Rant commented on the matter perfectly by saying , “ Yes , we all know that pretty blonde cheerleader should n't head into the basement of a haunted house , but do n't go shouting it out at the screen . They ca n't hear you . Everybody else can . ”
As a side note , I hate it when people constantly ask their friend , “ Who 's that character , ” “ Why are they doing that , ” “ What 's going on ? ” For the first question , you probably have a smartphone you 're in love with , which would be more than happy to help you beforehand , and for the last two , just wait and listen .
Noise in general is a big problem . You might be surprised by the behavior some people use in a theater . Snoring , PDA , noisy snacks , and of course , talking on the phone are all pretty significant problems . I once saw a guy talking on the phone , walking around , and eating all at the same time . Moore points out , quite elegantly , again , “ To these people , the 15 dollars they spent on a ticket entitles them to all manner of bad behavior , ” while equating that they , “ view a cinema as an extension of their living room . ”
Littering is something else that 's pretty rude . Sure , it 's the maintenance people 's jobs to keep the theater clean and presentable . But , if you and/or any friends are going to sneak in any number and style of snacks , it 's extra rude to just drop your trash on the floor expecting someone to pick it up .
If I 've said it once , I 've probably said it a thousand times : do n't be disruptive in the movie theater , and respect the humble theater that 's cool enough to get movies that you , as well as others , want to see . If you have a phone problem , treat it like a bathroom problem and just leave the room ; it should n't be that hard to understand . If it is hard to understand , just ask yourself if you would feel comfortable doing it at a funeral , and hopefully that gives you the right answer .
Amateur video footage has emerged showing the room at the Mandalay Bay Hotel in Las Vegas from where Stephen Paddock rained down bullets onto a concert crowd on Sunday evening , killing 58 people . ( Published Tuesday , Oct. 3 , 2017 )
Two discoveries are puzzling investigators trying to piece together what happened before Stephen Paddock gunned down 58 people from high up in their hotel room Sunday , NBC News reported .
They could point to someone else visiting the hotel suite they reserved while they were registered there , according to multiple senior law enforcement officials briefed on the investigation into the shooting .
A charger that does n't match any of Paddock 's cellphones was found in the 32nd-floor room . And one of their key cards was used to get into the room while their car was out of the garage , according to garage records .
Investigators acknowledge that there are several possible explanations for those details . They are also examining their finances , which include $ 5 million in income from 2015 , most of it from gambling .
As Las Vegas Grieves , Details on Shooter 's Weapons Emerge
The move to raise commercial stamp duty in the last budget had a sound basis but longer-term analysis is needed to examine its sustainability , an Oireachtas committee has found .
Following Budget 2018 the Committee on Budgetary Oversight analysed the tripling of the commercial stamp duty rate to 6 per cent to establish whether it was working as forecast .
The committee , led by Fine Gael TD Colm Brophy , accepted the short-term revenue yield forecasts advanced from the Department of Finance . The department expects to raise an additional €376 million in this year , implying total commercial property transactions of €9.5 billion .
However , it also suggested there was n't sufficient evidence currently in place to allow it to conclude that stamp duties are sustainable over the longer term .
The committee sought clarity on the length of time the department expects these revenues to continue . In response , the department said : “ On the basis of Revenue 's analysis provided to us , it certainly seems robust and substantiated over the next year or two . ”
Recommendations
A number of recommendations were advanced by the committee for future taxation measures and it called on the Minister for Finance , Paschal Donohoe , to report by the end of May on whether the present rate of commercial stamp duty is producing the level of increased revenue that was anticipated .
It also said that any revenue forecasts included in budget 2019 should project expected revenues over several years , not just the coming fiscal year .
Future proposed alterations to significant budget measures should be shaped in consultation with the committee , it added .
During the committee hearings on the tax Michael Tutty of the Irish Fiscal Advisory Council said their main concern was not necessarily with forecasts , but with the stage of commercial property development in this cycle .
“ There has been a big ramp-up in commercial development in recent years . Activity is unlikely to remain at the current level and is likely to decline in future years , ” they said .
In response to a question on why the duty was introduced , the department confirmed that the measure was intended to rebalance activity in favour of residential activity that is required . “ Our position on this matter has been supported by a number of economic commentators , ” the department said .
It looks like The Great War between Matt Hardy and Bray Wyatt is over as Matt won The Ultimate Deletion on tonight 's RAW . The match , taped a few weeks back at The Hardy Compound in Cameron , NC , closed this week 's RAW as the main event .
The match featured appearances by Queen Rebecca ( wife Reby Hardy ) , father-in-law Senor Benjamin , Skarsgard the dilapidated boat and Vanguard 1 the drone . Locations used on Matt 's property were The Dilapidated City , The Land of Obsolete Men , The Dome of Deletion and The Lake of Reincarnation , where the match ended . WWE referee Shawn Bennett called the match .
The match also featured the TV return of Jeff Hardy , who has been out since September 2017 with injuries . Jeff made a brief appearance at the end as Matt was about to defeat Bray . They did not get physical .
Below are photos and videos from The Ultimate Deletion :
VANCOUVER ( miningweekly.com ) – Base metals miner Southern Copper has reported a surprise loss of $ 287.5-million in the fourth quarter ended December , saying a $ 743.3-million one-time payment related to US tax reform weighed on its financial results .
Excluding special items , the company would have reported earnings of $ 455.8-million , or $ $ 0.59 a share , which was on par with analyst earnings forecast .
Advertisement
Based in Arizona and controlled by Grupo Mexico , Southern Copper said the adjusted fourth-quarter profit reflected a 165.2 % improvement over the $ 171.9-million it earned in the comparable period of 2016 .
Enacted in the fourth quarter , the new US income tax legislation resulted in foreign tax credit carryforwards that were generated before the new legislation by taxes paid in Peru and Mexico , where its operates , being cancelled .
Advertisement
Fourth-quarter sales totalled $ 1.86-billion - a 33.3 % year-on-year improvement as higher sales volumes for copper ( 5.7 % ) and zinc ( 19.8 % ) and higher prices for copper ( 29.7 % ) , molybdenum ( 32.5 % ) and zinc ( 28.9 % ) boosted the top line .
Copper output rose 4.2 % year-on-year in the fourth quarter to 237 307 tons .
The company 's NYSE-listed equity closed 3.56 % lower at C $ 47.40 apiece on Friday .
Operating cash cost per pound of copper net of by-product revenues was $ 0.89/lb in the fourth quarter , compared with $ 0.96/lb in the comparable period of 2016 .
Meanwhile , its majority owner Grupo Mexico - the fourth largest miner in Mexico , and which also has a transportation business - reported a fourth-quarter net profit of $ 131-million on Friday . Revenue for the quarter was $ 2.74-billion , up 33 % year-on-year .
National 's education spokesperson Nikki Kaye questioned the Education Minister today around the criticism they have received from Māori educators Sir Toby Curtis and Dame Iritana Tawhiwhirangi .
Sir Toby and Dame Iritana lodged a Treaty of Waitangi claim that alleged the `` Crown 's actions in closing Partnership Schools | Kura Hourua will have a disproportionately detrimental effect on Māori '' , the pair said in a statement .
`` This Government has ridden roughshod over the futures of these young people in spite of claiming that they are placing a priority on helping our most vulnerable children . The evidence shows that Kura Hourua have been delivering very positive results for Māori students who for decades have been falling through the gaps , '' Dame Iritana said .
Today in Question Time , Ms Kaye asked Education Minister Chris Hipkins : `` Do they agree with Sir Toby Curtis , who , when asked about what they would want to say to them and the Prime Minister regarding partnership schools , said that `` this is a situation that calls for a bit of aroha '' ; and where is the love for these students that they wo n't even bother visiting ? ''
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
A new study found the BEST and WORST states for working dads .
A new study ranked the states from the best place for working dads to the worst . They used 22 factors , including the length of the average work day and commute , childcare costs , school quality , and men 's overall health .
The 10 best states for working dads are : Connecticut . . . Minnesota . . . Vermont . . . Massachusetts . . . New Jersey . . . Rhode Island . . . Delaware . . . Wisconsin . . . New Hampshire . . . and Utah .
And the bottom 10 are : Mississippi . . . Nevada . . . West Virginia . . . New Mexico . . . Louisiana . . . Alabama . . . Idaho . . . Arkansas . . . Georgia . . . and Arizona .
Illinois came in 14th , while Missouri ranked 31st .
Click Here to see more .
Cicadas are usually the loudest noise in Karetu valley but today the sound of warriors welcoming Jacinda Ardern and government MPs on to Karetu Marae echoed across these remote hills in the middle of the Bay of Islands .
Hundreds of people here are celebrating local Kelvin Davis as a minister .
This tiny little Marae is developing a huge political pedigree - Peeni Henare , Nanaia Mahuta , Willie Jackson and Willow Jean Prime all have whanau from here .
by Lynn Van ,
It was quarter to ten tonite , when what did I hear…… .. a train whistle in Loveland ! I think it was ridiculous to silence the train whistles because they are for the safety of all going through Loveland . I moved here to be near the train as it went through the little city , I now call home .
I hope the new council will turn things around .
Several years ago I attended a meeting about silencing the whistles . The council had a truck brought in with some whistles for the people to hear . Nothing more was done until the train crossings silenced the whistles altogether . Now everyone you ask blames it on the former council !
I do n't know the laws about train crossings but wait until something happens and who will take the blame ? I hope the new council will turn things around and bring the whistles back !
A very concerned citizen .
Like this : Like Loading ...
CLARKS SUMMIT — The fourth annual Strawberry 5K Run and Festival will take place Saturday , June 30 on Spring and Davis streets .
Runners of all ages and abilities are invited to take part in the 5K race and run , which is presented by the National Running Center and will begin at 9 a.m .
Immediately following that race , the Kids ' Fun Run will begin . Toddlers and elementary age children will do their best to travel the short course and reach the goal , with their parents cheering them on .
Following the two races , families can enjoy the strawberry shortcake , strawberry lemonade and other treats offered by The Gathering Place and local vendors .
Kids can take part in festival games from 9-11:30 a.m . Some favorites include water balloon launching , finding a gummy worm in a pile of whipped cream , bean bag toss and piling cookies into a tall tower , just to name a few .
To register for the race , visit bit.ly/2k94LYw or call Ashley at the National Running Center at 570-586-1620 .
For general info visit GatheringPlaceCS.org or for info on becoming an event vendor contact Anne at 570-881-7612 .
Former French president Nicolas Sarkozy is in police custody today accused of receiving £42 million ( $ 82m ) in illegal payments from the late Libyan dictator Colonel Gaddafi .
The 63-year-old was arrested by judicial police in Paris and taken to their headquarters in the suburb on Nanterre .
Sarkozy is said to have received the kickbacks in 2007 , during the presidential election campaign that swept them to power for a single five-year term .
French law bans candidates from receiving cash payments above £6300 , but the massive donation is said to have been laundered through bank accounts in Panama and Switzerland , the Daily Mail reports .
Advertisement
Sarkozy is now under huge pressure to explain themselves in the light of what their opponents called compelling evidence , and faces corruption charges over the next 48 hours .
A document made public in Paris is said to show that the French leader and the former Libyan dictator made an illegal financial deal .
Written in Arabic and signed by Mussa Kussa , Gaddafi 's intelligence chief , in 2006 , it refers to an `` agreement in principle to support the campaign for the candidate for the presidential elections , Nicolas Sarkozy , for a sum equivalent to €50m '' .
A bundle of incriminating evidence was originally leaked by senior members of Libya 's National Transitional Council to French investigative news site Mediapart .
A governmental briefing note among papers sent to Mediapart points to numerous visits to Libya by Sarkozy and their colleagues which were aimed at securing funding .
One , said to have taken place on October 6 , 2005 , led to `` campaign finance to NS '' being `` all paid '' - assumed to be a reference to Sakozy .
At the time , Sarkozy was an ambitious interior minister who was raising money for their presidential election campaign , even though taking cash from a notorious tyrant would have broken political financing laws .
Mediapart claims that the €50m referred to in the note was laundered through accounts including a Swiss one opened in the name of the sister of Jean-Francois Cope , the leader of Sarkozy 's UMP party , who are now called the Republicans .
The money was then allegedly distributed through an arms dealer called Ziad Takieddine , who was acting as a middle man between Arab despots and French politicians .
The news follow claims last year by Gaddafi 's son , Saif-Al Islam Gaddafi , that Libya had financed Sarkozy 's election .
Saif-Al Islam , who is now being held in Libya following the toppling of their father 's regime , said : `` Sarkozy must first give back the money they took from Libya to finance their electoral campaign . We funded it . ''
Eyebrows were first raised when Gaddafi was honoured with a state visit to Paris in late 2007 .
They were referred to as the 'Brother Leader ' by the French president , and allowed to pitch their tent next to the Elysee Palace .
The apparently incriminating evidence - which will now be passed to French police - emerged through an investigation into Takieddine 's activities . The arms dealer 's doctor , Didier Grosskopf , says they witnessed negotiations about funding .
As France 's head of state , Sarkozy could not be prosecuted while in office , but fraud squad officers raided their Paris home within days of them losing the 2012 presidential elections .
Sarkozy turned on their friend Gaddafi at the beginning of the Arab Spring in 2011 .
French jets were the first to attack Gaddafi 's tanks in a brutal military campaign which ended with the Libyan leader being murdered .
Since losing the election in 2012 to their socialist rival Francois Hollande , Sarkozy has been living in Paris with this third wife , former supermodel and pop singer Carla Bruni , 50 .
They have tried to make comebacks to power , but all have failed .
A judicial source in Nanterre said : `` Mr Sarkozy can be held in custody for up to 48 hours . Their period in custody started on Tuesday morning . ''
'We ca n't do it alone ' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori .
Stephen King 's “ It ” is making big bucks at the movies , but this scare master is n't just writing books and turning them into hit flicks . One of their books is now a TV series , and someone who knows a lot about Miami is one of the stars .
Menacing voice in email : “ Greetings , detective . Did you catch our bad guys ? ”
That 's a scene from Stephen King 's “ Mr . Mercedes , ” a thriller now showing on TV 's Audience Network .
Jharrel Jerome ( as Jerome Robinson ) : “ This guy is really trying to get into your head . ”
The show , like the book , is about retired detective Bill Hodges , who ca n't let an unsolved case go .
Jharrel Jerome : “ ‘ Mr . Mercedes ' is a Stephen King thriller that follows a retired detective who is being taunted and haunted by this killer who they were never able to catch while they were in the force . ”
According to stars Jharrel Jerome and Justine Lupe , this is a nail-biter of a show .
Jharrel Jerome : “ It 's kind of this psychological game that these two humans are playing with each other , this back-and-forth , cat-and-mouse game going on . ”
Jharrel and Justine are Jerome and Holly . Since Detective Hodges is retired , they 're their unofficial help .
Justine Lupe : “ I meet Bill , and I immediately feel akin with him , so I start helping them solve this case . ”
This is a Stephen King thriller , but not the scary story you think it is .
Jharrel Jerome : “ In ‘ Mr . Mercedes , ' the real fear is the characters and seeing the monster in people that we see every day . ”
Jharrel was n't only excited to talk to Deco about “ Mr . Mercedes. ” They were also over the moon to talk about the 3-0-5 .
Justine Lupe : “ Right before we came on , they were talking about how much they loved Miami . Like literally right before this . ”
Jharrel is also tied to South Florida through their work on the Oscar-winning movie “ Moonlight , ” which is set in Miami .
Jharrel Jerome : “ To my family and friends down in Florida . I love you guys . ”
If there 's one thing they miss about Miami , it 's the food .
Jharrel Jerome : “ I remember being full and not hungry anymore , but I wanted to eat the next thing . It was crazy . The lifestyle in Miami is just so free . ”
But “ Moonlight ” was so last year . This year , it 's all about “ Mr . Mercedes . ”
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Future Market Insights ( FMI ) , in its latest report titled , “ Hospital Capacity Management Solutions Market : Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment , 2015-2025 ” , has projected the global hospital capacity management solutions market revenue to expand at a CAGR of 5.0 % during the forecast period ( 2015-2025 ) .
Report overview @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/hospital-capacity-management-solutions-market
The global hospitals capacity management solutions market is segmented on the basis of product type into workflow management solution , asset management solution , bed management solution , quality patient care solution , real-time locating system and event driven solutions . The real-time locating system segment is expected to dominate the global hospital capacity management solutions market and is projected to witness 1.7x increase in its revenue over the forecast period . The workflow management solution segment is projected to witness a healthy CAGR of 4.9 % during the forecast period . The real-time locating system segment has been estimated to hold 34.1 % revenue share of the global hospital capacity management solutions market by the end of 2015 .
The global hospitals capacity management solutions market is segmented on the basis of application into standalone solutions and integrated solutions . Of all the segments , the integrated solutions segment is expected to register the fastest CAGR over the forecast period .
The global hospitals capacity management solutions market is segmented on the basis of delivery mode into on premise and cloud-based solutions . Of all the segments , the cloud-based segment has been estimated to dominate the global hospitals capacity management solutions market by 2015 end , and this trend is expected to continue over the forecast period as well .
Request to sample report @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1013
In this report , the global hospitals capacity management solutions market has been segmented into seven major regions , which include North America , Latin America , Western Europe , Eastern Europe , Asia Pacific Excluding Japan ( APEJ ) , Japan and the Middle East & Africa . The North America market dominated the overall global hospitals capacity management solutions market with over 55 % share in 2014 , while the Western Europe followed with over 19 % market share .
Summary of Table of Content
1 . Executive Summary
2 . Assumptions & Acronyms Used
3 . Research Methodology
4 . Hospital Capacity Management Solutions Market Overview
5 . Global Hospital Capacity Management Solutions Market Analysis , By Product Type
6 . Global Hospital Capacity Management Solutions Market Analysis , By Application
7 . Global Hospital Capacity Management Solutions Market Analysis , By Delivery Mode
8 . Global Hospital Capacity Management Solutions Market Analysis , By Region
9 . North America Hospital Capacity Management Solutions Market Analysis
10 . Latin America Hospital Capacity Management Solutions Market Analysis
11 . Western Europe Hospital Capacity Management Solutions Market Analysis
12 . Eastern Europe Hospital Capacity Management Solutions Market Analysis
13 . APEJ Hospital Capacity Management Solutions Market Analysis
14 . Japan Hospital Capacity Management Solutions Market Analysis
15 . Middle East & Africa Hospital Capacity Management Solutions Market Analysis
16 . Competition Landscape
Request to Browse Full Table of Content , figure and Tables @ https : //www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-1013
CONTACT :
Future Market Insights
616 Corporate Way , Suite 2-9018 ,
Valley Cottage , NY 10989 ,
United States
T : +1-347-918-3531
F : +1-845-579-5705
Email : sales @ futuremarketinsights.com
Website : www.futuremarketinsights.com
Aidric Chan and Harmie Constantino used a pair of sizzling starts to dominate their respective sides and gain the top seeding in the Philippine Amateur Open Match Play Golf Championships at the Orchard 's Players course in Dasmariñas , Cavite on Tuesday .
Chan , last year 's NGAP Northern Luzon regional winner , rammed in four birdies against two bogeys at the front and jumped from joint seventh to the top of the heap at 149 despite a 72 at the close of the 36-hole stroke play elims of the country 's premier amateur championship sponsored by MVP Sports Foundation .
Josh Jorge struggled and limped with an 80 after a lead-grabbing 73 in the first round , settling for No . 4 instead at 153 with Carl Corpus wresting the second spot at 152 despite a 77 and defending champion Peter Tyler Po taking No . 3 after a 78 and a 153 in the tournament held as part of the PLDT Group National Amateur Golf Tour .
Aniceto Mandanas also skied to a 78 for a 154 for fifth while Sean Ramos and Francis Lanuza also turned in a pair of six over cards to take the next two spots at 156 and 159 , respectively , with Kristoffer Arevalo ( 82-160 ) and Luigi Guerrero and Don Padilla finishing tied at 161 after an 84 and 86 , respectively .
Constantino also banked on an early birdie-binge to pull away from the rest in women 's play , their tournament-best two-under 70 netting the incoming University of Georgia first-year student the top seeding at 144 in the knockout phase of the event , organized and conducted by the National Golf Association of the Philippines , starting today .
“ I played well but I was a little intense and played without hesitation since I really wanted to clinch the top seeding , ” said the 16-year-old Villamor ace who is a three of the first four holes then holed out with another birdie to close out their solid frontside stint .
“ But it will be an entirely different approach in match play . I need to be careful and play smart , ” said Constantino , who is fancied to roll past No . 16 Jacqueline Young of Singapore ( 105-201 ) in the first round of match play .
Mikha Fortuna shot a 71 to claim No . 2 at 151 while Korean Kim Hui Won placed third at 157 after a 79 followed by Rafaela Singson ( 84-163 ) , Laia Barro ( 84-163 ) , Angela Mangana ( 82-165 ) , Sofia Legaspi ( 86-165 ) , Laurea Duque ( 84-169 ) , Korean Rho Hyun Ji ( 85-169 ) and Annika Guangko ( 89-172 ) in that order .
Chan , meanwhile , will take on No . 32 Lee Sang Min , also of Korea , who wound up with a 183 after a 98 while Corpus and Po face Michael Pizarro ( 98-183 ) and Syrian Moumen Aldaker ( 92-181 ) and Jorge clashes with Jeff Purcia ( 90-177 ) at the start of the tournament proper .
News of their budget wedding last month went viral on social media and many Kenyans offered to help .
A Kenyan couple who spent just $ 1 ( £0.80 ) on their wedding have renewed their vows in a lavish Valentine 's Day ceremony funded by well-wishers .
At their first wedding , Wilson and Ann Mutura wore jeans and T-shirts and two steel circles served as rings .
Kenya media estimated their second wedding party cost $ 35,000 at an upmarket venue in the capital , Nairobi .
The BBC 's Peter Mwai in Nairobi says as the couple had already officially tied the knot , they exchanged new rings at the Valentine 's Day ceremony .
Our correspondent says some Kenyans online have been questioning why the organisers spent so much money on the party instead of supporting the couple financially .
Wilson and Ann Mutura 's first wedding ceremony had no cake , flowers or decorations
'Everyone needs that dream wedding '
But Aaltonen Jumba , from Slique Events Planner Ltd - the main organiser of the event , said they had already been helped and this was about the romance .
`` The couple have already been supported by others financially . Different people gave different things at different levels . They have been given a greenhouse farm , a honeymoon and have been promised money to start a business , '' they told the BBC .
`` Since that has been taken care of , why not give them the wedding they never had . Everyone needs that dream wedding . ''
Mr Jumba said it was hard to say exactly how much was spent on the wedding ceremony as different service providers had contributed in kind and money had not changed hands .
Families of the 21 people killed in the 1974 Birmingham bombings say they feel they have taken a positive step forward after meeting top figures in both Sinn Fein and the DUP .
Five of the families were in Belfast on Wednesday for a one-day visit , meeting Sinn Fein 's Northern Ireland leader Michelle O'Neill and DUP leader Arlene Foster at Stormont .
Julie Hambleton , whose sister Maxine died in the atrocity , described both meetings as “ very positive ” .
“ We hope that this is going to be another positive move forward for our campaign and for our fight for truth , justice and accountability , ” they said .
“ On behalf of the families and our legal team , KRW Law , we would like to sincerely thank Arlene Foster and Michelle O'Neill for taking the time out of their very busy schedules to meet with us at relatively short notice to discuss our huge concerns , and to be so kind and considerate and patient with us .
“ We feel now that we have taken a positive step forward , we have gone into uncharted waters and we hope that now we move from the dark into the light , and that 's all we can but hope for . ”
Twenty-one people were killed and 182 left injured on November 21 , 1974 , when the IRA bombed two pubs in the city .
The perpetrators have never been punished .
The families have been locked in a long legal wrangle about a planned new inquest into the republican atrocities .
Ms Foster said their meeting with the families started by remembering each of the 21 people who died in the blasts .
“ We have committed to following up on the issues raised during today 's meeting with the families in the future and I look forward to that ongoing relationship , ” they said .
Ms O'Neill said : “ Sinn Fein said that all victims need to be treated with equality and dignity and respect .
“ We have consistently supported all families in campaigns for inquests which are compliant with Article 2 of the European Convention on Human Rights .
“ We will also support the Birmingham families in this regard . ”
Ms Hambleton would not be drawn on exactly what was discussed at both meetings .
They defended the group 's decision to meet Sinn Fein , saying : “ Some people that wo n't be happy with what we are doing , we can only walk in our shoes , we can not walk in other people 's shoes and what we decide to do , we decide to do as a family democratically . ”
0:27 Car flies into second floor of building in dramatic dashcam footage Pause
0:31 How to prevent a home fire in the winter
1:27 See Rattlesnake Ridge crack above Interstate 82
0:41 Vandals tear apart family 's Winter Wonderland
3:05 Man sneaks onto luggage carousel , runs onto tarmac at Miami International Airport
0:14 Video shows cop punching a woman in the face as they are ejected from Hard Rock Stadium
0:31 Army Sgt . Bowe Bergdahl enters courthouse before pleading guilty to desertion , misbehavior
0:24 Confederate statue toppled by protesters in North Carolina
2:12 Do Confederate memorials honor soldiers killed in war , or memorialize racism ?
A new Club Car industrial park in Columbia County is expected to bring more than one hundred jobs to the area . The new White Oak Business Park will be off of exit 183 near Harlem/Appling and is more than 500,000 ft2 .
Club Car is utilizing fifty acres of the 270-acre park , which will leave more than two hundred acres for other businesses bringing something new to that area .
Robert Bennett with Development Authority of Columbia County says , `` This is a different kind of development . This sets the tone for the future of Columbia County and it allows us to diversify our tax base , have new industry coming in and help support job growth . ''
Construction has already started and the warehouse is set to be finished in Jan. 2019 .
Copyright 2018 WFXG . All rights reserved .
Competitive eater gobbles up ice cream at Indiana fair
hello
INDIANAPOLIS -- Competitive eater Miki Sudo downed a heaping helping of ice cream at the Indiana State Fair to set a new mark for gobbling up the cool treat .
The Indianapolis Star reports the Las Vegas woman ate 16Â½ pint-sized containers in 6 minutes , topping a previous record that Major League Eating lists as 15 pints in that much time .
The mark was set during Sunday 's Prairie Farms World Ice Cream Eating Championship , which was sanctioned by Major League Eating . Sudo , who also gets a $ 2,000 prize for first place , joked that she 'd `` like to grab a sweater right now '' as they took photos with fans .
This year 's fair theme is the `` Wonderful World of Food . '' Sunday was ice cream day at the fair , which runs through Aug. 20 .
___
Online :
http : //www.indianastatefair.com
SUV 's and off-roading are the new trend . Most vehicles being sold in the market today are SUV 's . But the higher ground clearance of SUVs can also result in unintended problems especially if you have seniors travelling with you . Wish you had an extra step to mitigate the problem ? Now you can .
Auto step : One of the after-market accessories that is available today is the step that unfolds when the door is opened and folds back when the door is closed . No , it is nothing something from a Hollywood film – this is an accessory that is really available in the market and it adds a touch of class to your vehicle .
Animated Turn Indicator : Every vehicle has turn indicators . But the premium segment these days , come equipped with animated turn indicators and no , we do n't mean on-off blinkers . A typical animated turn indicator has high-intensity running LED lights that instantly attract attention – which is what a turn indicator is supposed to do .
If your vehicle does not have these animated turn indicator , you could add one and upgrade your vehicle making it the envy of your neighbours . Animated turn indicators transform your Van Storage Systems to make it look premium .
HUD Display : HUD display has been around for a while . But most after-market HUD displays were kind of tacky in appearance and not as impressive or information-rich as the premium segment sports cars . HUD makes driving very easy by providing related information including navigation , speed , engine revs , temperature and so forth right in the front of your eyes . HUD helps you keep your eyes straight on the road rather than looking at the information display panel usually located behind the steering .
Cool / hot seats : Going outback driving ? You definitely need to consider cooling seats . A cooling seat is a temperature-regulated ventilated seat that stays cool ( or warm ) as needed . The cooling seat has a thermo-electric pad available and a cable with adopter plug that can be plugged into car 's regular socket .
Tyre Pressure Sensors : This premium segment Car Roof Racks Sydney product can add real class to your car information display unit . But that apart , it is a very important tool especially when off-roading . The tyre sensors come with four valves mounted pressure sensors-cum-transmitter and one receiver-cum-display unit . The tyre pressure sensor will continuously transmit the pressure information to the receiver unit . The receiver unit continuously displays tyre pressure reading for all four tyres . No wiring required .
All these premium segment after-market vehicle accessories are available at most vehicle accessory shops in Australia .
Nurses at Middlemore Hospital 's emergency department are being issued personal emergency alarms for their safety after a spike in violent assaults on staff .
Police are now also alerting Auckland EDs before they deliver anyone with suspected mental health issues who may be aggressive .
Hospitals are also training staff in de-escalation techniques and redesigning facilities to enable `` lockdown '' procedures so staff can escape violent situations .
At Middlemore , the number of violent incidents reported by staff shot up to 85 last year , from 30 in 2016 .
Advertisement
The figures , revealed in a report on violence in the hospital 's emergency department , also showed the number of calls to security had jumped from 31 , in December 2016 , to 65 at the same time last year . The jump reflected the increasing number of patients coming through the department , it said .
The report included a survey carried out over three weeks in April and May this year , which found the actual number of incidents was likely much higher than recorded .
During that time , 65 incidences of verbal abuse towards staff were observed - about three per day - meaning there could be more than 1100 incidents a year .
The most common incidents were insults , swearing and personal threats against female staff but the report found multiple accounts of physical aggression .
Middlemore put in place tools to help staff manage aggression following the survey , including issuing personal safety alarms to nurses . The alarms are on a key chain with a pin that can be pulled to activate a siren .
A Middlemore nurse , who 'd been physically assaulted in the past , told the Herald they had already activated their alarm .
The woman , who spoke on condition of anonymity , said the alarm made them feel safer but training was needed on what to do when one sounded .
Aggression and violence went unreported almost daily , they said .
`` There is so often a patient swearing at us . It can be a horrible environment. ``
New Zealand Resident Doctors ' Association national secretary Deborah Powell said resident doctors reported more than 65 incidents during the survey period , but work pressures meant most doctors did not record them .
They said members questioned the value of some of the tools Middlemore had implemented .
Middlemore Hospital emergency department nurses are being issued with personal safety alarms as the number of violent attacks on staff increases . Image / Supplied
`` Having a personal warning alarm seems less than useful if it only summons the people who are already there but with their hands tied . ''
Doctors were concerned they might end up sedating patients because it was the only way they could treat them and keep themselves safe .
New Zealand Nursing Organisation professional nursing adviser Suzanne Rolls last month told Newstalk ZB nurses had received head injuries , broken arms , bruises , been kicked , spat at and subject to sustained verbal intimidation .
A study in the New Zealand Medical Journal last month found violence and aggression in Christchurch Hospital 's emergency department was also under-reported .
Nurse researcher and lead author of the study Sandra Richardson said workplace abuse was `` simply part of the job '' for many nurses .
Increasing aggression was a trend internationally and could reflect growing patient numbers , longer waiting times causing frustration and more people with mental health issues .
`` It 's been so easy for so long just to dismiss the verbal stuff but the culture it creates has a significant effect .
`` Would we say it 's okay to accept racial or sexual abuse ? Why is it okay to just accept this constant barrage of verbal abuse ? What Middlemore is experiencing is simply indicative of what 's happening everywhere . ''
Richardson backed Middlemore 's initiatives , saying the alarms gave people a sense of empowerment .
Counties Manukau DHB declined to comment .
The Middlemore report also noted police had designed an app to allow officers to warn the department if they were bringing in patients with suspected mental health issues who may be aggressive .
Counties Manukau Senior Sergeant Laurie Culpan said the app was launched about a month ago and allowed police officers across Auckland to provide emergency departments and mental health teams with information about patients and their expected arrival time at hospital .
`` It allows them to be prepared for that person when they get there . ''
Powell said some resident doctors believed aggression had increased since police started taking people with suspected mental health issues to the emergency department instead of police stations for assessment .
`` Whilst the ED doctors know these patients are coming in , there is little they can often do to prepare . '' .
Other district health boards had also made changes to improve safety .
Canterbury had introduced a new electronic incident recording system and trained staff in de-escalation .
Auckland District Health Board had tried to give patients a better idea of treatment wait times , boosted security and redesigned the emergency department so areas could be locked down to allow staff to escape violent situations .
Other Middlemore emergency department aggression tools
• Guidelines for managing aggression .
• Medication for dealing with `` behaviourally disturbed patients '' and guidelines showing what drugs and quantities should be used .
• A behaviour team to act as the first port of call after initial attempts to resolve situations .
• A redesigned assessment form to identify potential risks .
• New de-escalation training for staff .
Global Yeast Extract and Beta Glucan Market : Snapshot
The global yeast extract and beta glucan market is envisaged to win over a mega growth on the back of an augmenting employment of cellulosic bio-fuels and want for probiotic functional food . Additionally , on account of surging industrialization , the demand for processed food has soared to new heights . As a result , the market could be motivated for more growth . However , one of the major barriers on the growth path of the market is expected to be the paucity of a mandatory yeast extract raw material , i.e . molasses . Nevertheless , manufacturers are expected to keep their hopes alive with opportunities in the processed food sector for novel solutions and various applications of yeast extract and its derivatives .
According to an expert research analysis , the world yeast extract and beta glucan market could attract a valuation of US $ 1.05 bn by the concluding forecast year 2021 . In 2016 , the market had attained a revenue figure of US $ 0.72 bn . For the forecast period 2015–2021 , the CAGR anticipated for the market is 7.6 % .
Request For Report Brochure For Latest Industry Insights @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=1484
Yeast Extract Dominates Beta Glucan with Weighty Demand in Food and Beverage
Amongst the two products available in the global yeast extract and beta glucan market , yeast extract is envisioned to rake in a herculean revenue share of close to 80.0 % by 2021 . In the starting year of the forecast period , the market share scenario was more or less the same , which depicts the dominance of the yeast extract product type segment .
While yeast extracts may not be used as flavor enhancers , they find extensive usage as ingredients in the food and beverage sector . Functional foods and drinks , baked and frozen products , ready-to-eat meals , snacks , soups , and sauces all use yeast extracts at a significant rate .
Much of the demand for yeast extract could be attributed to its broad scope of applications in various sectors . For instance , depending on the extraction method , it is possible to use yeast extract in the hydrolyzed or autolyzed form with each of them having different applications . In the personal care sector , hydrolyzed yeast extract is utilized in the production of hair conditioning and anti-static products . It is also used a flavoring agent in recipes . Autolyzed yeast extract , on the other hand , could be engaged as an inexpensive alternative to monosodium glutamate ( MSG ) .
Obtain Report Details @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/yeasts-products-market.htm
Riding on primary contributors such as Thailand , Japan , South Korea , India , and China , Asia Pacific is prophesied to make the cut in the international yeast extract and beta glucan market alongside North America . Both the regional markets could secure as good as a 50.0 % share by the end of the forecast period . Europe is prognosticated to be crowned as a single leading market shareholder throughout the forecast years . The demand in these regions could be due to the use of yeast extract and beta glucan in the preparation of dairy products , alcoholic beverages , and medicines . There is a rising demand predicted to take precedence in the baking and brewing sector .
An interesting part pointed out by this geographical analysis is the trend of Europe and Rest of the World losing their shares to the promisingly growing markets of Asia Pacific and North America by 2021 . By application , the bakery and processed food segment is projected to be valued at a higher revenue in Asia Pacific . Preference for convenience food products , swelling population size , changing food habits , and elevating disposable income are some of the factors influencing the growth of Asia Pacific .
同意 AGREE
如果您繼續閱讀，視同您同意我們隱私條款。This website uses cookies to improve user experience . By clicking agree you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy ..
Ten-man Manchester City bounced back from a bruising defeat to title rival Liverpool by beating Burnley 2-1 in the English Premier League today , easing the pressure on manager Pep Guardiola .
City captain Fernandinho was shown a straight red card in the 32nd minute for a two-footed lunge on Johann Gudmundsson at the Etihad Stadium - their third dismissal in their last six games .
Manchester City 's Gael Clichy celebrates scoring their side 's first goal of the game with teammate David Silva , during the English Premier League . Source : Associated Press
Despite the setback , City 's French defender Gael Clichy broke the deadlock with a well-placed shot into the far corner in the 58th minute .
Sergio Aguero then came off the bench to score City 's second , firing in off the post from the tightest of angles four minutes later .
Burnley made a fight of it when an attempted clearance by City goalkeeper Claudio Bravo was eventually smashed over the line by Ben Mee in the 70th , but City held on for an important win after Saturday 's 1-0 defeat at Anfield .
City moved up to third place , two points behind Liverpool and seven behind leader Chelsea , which plays Tottenham tomorrow .
Fourth-place Arsenal , which faces Bournemouth on Tuesday , is two points behind Guardiola 's side .
City again found the going heavy despite starting well . Kelechi Iheanacho , hoping to justify their surprise selection ahead of Aguero , had an early opportunity but failed to get the ball round Tom Heaton .
The Burnley keeper quickly scrambled to deny Raheem Sterling in a fine double save .
The hosts had to reorganize after Fernandinho 's red card , but failed to make much headway until Guardiola introduced Aguero and David Silva for the start of the second half .
The breakthrough came just before the hour when Michael Keane headed out a Bacary Sagna cross straight to Clichy .
The Frenchman took a couple of touches on the edge of the area before striking a low shot that went behind the legs of Silva and beat Heaton at the far post .
Within moments , City had swept most of its earlier anxiety aside by doubling the lead .
Sterling shrugged off the defence to go through on goal , and although they stumbled while trying to go round Heaton , Aguero pounced from a narrow angle to finish with great precision . Keane was on the line and might have got their body in the way , but the ball was past them in a flash .
Burnley made life difficult for City in the closing stages by pulling a goal back in a goalmouth scramble .
Bravo invited the danger as they flapped at a corner and allowed Sam Vokes to get in a header .
Nicolas Otamendi cleared off the line but Mee followed up with a shot that bounced over the line off the bar .
Andre Gray then bundled over Bravo to force the ball in for a second time as play initially continued but , amid some confusion , the referee indicated that Mee 's effort had registered .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — A judge in New York has ruled against the makers of `` Sesame Street '' in a dispute with the distributor of the upcoming Melissa McCarthy movie , `` The Happytime Murders . ''
U.S. District Judge Vernon Broderick ruled Wednesday that distributor STX Productions can continue to use the tagline `` No sesame . All street '' in promoting the R-rated film , which features Muppet-like puppets in a comedic crime story .
Sesame Workshop sued last week , seeking to end the inclusion of the tagline in promotional materials ahead of the film 's Aug. 17 release .
The company argued that the public would be confused and think the movie was supported by `` Sesame Street . ''
Advertisement
Broderick heard oral arguments Wednesday before issuing their ruling .
They said Sesame Workshop had n't demonstrated that moviegoers were confused or that sponsors or parents were complaining .
A man who called police on a group of black women golfers accused of playing too slowly at a Pennsylvania golf club denied to dispatchers that they were acting out of racism .
The women were members at the club . Source : Getty
In one of two recordings of calls to police posted by the York Daily Record , the caller says the group was `` holding everybody up '' and one of the women had accused the Grandview Golf Club of racism .
They said no weapons were involved `` other than their mouth . ''
Kevin Pietersen has revealed they decided to call time on their cricket career after realising they no longer had it in them to improve .
The 37-year-old announced their retirement at the weekend after deciding not to take part in the Pakistan Super League play-offs , ending a career in which they scored 23 centuries in 104 Test matches .
They walk away as England 's second-highest run scorer of all-time across all three formats of the game despite being exiled from the national set-up following the divisive 2013/14 Ashes whitewash .
`` I 've had enough , '' Pietersen said on ITV 's Good Morning Britain . `` Twenty overs of fielding feels like playing a Test match so it 's time to hang up the boots . I 've got better and bigger things to go on to now .
Advertisement
`` I 've had a wonderful career but I just do n't think I 've got it in me to keep improving or try to improve . ''
My new career will be trying to stop PIGS like these ruining our world !
Let 's all help ! pic.twitter.com/zDJeE4B6lV — Kevin Pietersen ( @ KP24 ) March 18 , 2018
While their on-field brilliance was clear , Pietersen emerged as a divisive figure in the England dressing room , culminating in an announcement from the England and Wales Cricket Board in February 2014 that , at 33 , they would no longer be considered for selection .
Pietersen insisted they had no regrets .
`` Being a South African in an English dressing room is occasionally frowned upon but I felt incredibly accepted and I loved my career , '' they said .
`` I did n't mind pressing buttons to try and achieve really good things and to get the best out of people I had to press buttons they did n't like .
Read more : Ross Taylor touch and go for first test against England
`` Unfortunately or fortunately that 's my character . I strive to be the best I can possibly be and help others be the best they can be and sometimes I rubbed them up the wrong way , I said things they were uncomfortable with .
`` It is what it is . I had a pretty cool time doing my job and it really is one of the greatest things calling yourself a professional sportsman . ''
And Pietersen credited their England exile with turning them on to animal conservation - an area they now intend to focus on in retirement as part of the fight to save the rhino from extinction .
Read more : Martin Guptill added to Black Caps test squad ahead of England clash
`` I think I can do something better now than scoring runs for England , '' they said . `` There 's a huge issue in the world with trophy hunting ... The England issue , yes , that was horrendous for a while but it allowed me to go back to Africa and rekindle my youth , rekindle my love affair with animals ...
`` It was a horrible time , of course it was . But it 's water under the bridge , it 's time to move on and I do n't look back . I played 100 Test matches for England . If you 'd asked me if I would even play first-class cricket or play at Lord 's I would have said , 'Shut up ' .
`` For me it was the most incredible experience , a lucky experience , but now I 've got a second chapter which is a lot more important than hitting a cricket ball . ''
Jackson Davis/Netflix ( NEW YORK ) — If you 're one of the many Stranger Things fans who are anxiously waiting for the hit sci-fi drama 's second season to begin , Netflix has just given us a sneak peek with some new photos .
Speaking of season two — word is it begins a year after Noah Schapp 's character , Will Byers , returns to the town of Hawkins , and everything seems perfectly normal . But this being Stranger Things , you know things are going to get pretty weird , pretty soon .
In addition to Schapp , Stranger Things stars Winona Ryder , David Harbour , Millie Bobbie Brown , Finn Wolfhard , Gaten Matarazzo , Caleb McLaughlin , Natalia Dyer , Charlie Heaton , Cara Buono and Joe Keery .
Stranger Things season two premieres Halloween weekend on Netflix .
Image courtesy Netflix
Image courtesy Netflix Image courtesy Netflix Image courtesy Netflix
Copyright © 2016 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
When Attorney General Jeff Sessions was asked how they viewed the car attack in Charlottesville , Va. , here 's how they responded :
`` It does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute , '' they told ABC 's Good Morning America .
That certainly seems to suggest the government is looking into a possible terrorism charge against the suspect , 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. At Saturday 's rally organized by white supremacists , a car slammed into counterprotesters , killing one and injuring 19 .
But according to the Justice Department and legal analysts , it 's simply not possible for the government to file charges of domestic terrorism , because no such criminal law exists .
The Patriot Act does define domestic terrorism , and under this designation , the Justice Department has broad powers to investigate , said Neal Katyal , a Georgetown University law professor who served as former President Barack Obama 's acting solicitor general and as the national security adviser to the Justice Department .
They said the government has three basic ways to approach the Charlottesville case .
`` No . 1 , this is a hate crime , under the hate crime statutes , '' they said . `` The second is that this is a conspiracy to deprive individuals of civil rights . ''
`` And the third is , this is an act of domestic terror , which is n't itself a crime , '' they noted . In short , the government ca n't file a criminal charge of domestic terrorism , but so defining the incident does allow it to investigate not only an individual suspect , but also any group the suspect may be affiliated with .
In an email to NPR , the Justice Department made the same point .
The commonwealth of Virginia , meanwhile , has charged Fields with second-degree murder and other crimes .
The Charlottesville case has again spurred a discussion about describing far-right violence as terrorism . After the al-Qaida attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorism was associated primarily with radical Islamist groups based abroad .
The State Department has a list of nearly 60 groups , all foreign , that are identified as terrorist organizations . The vast majority are radical Islamists . And the government can charge a person — American or foreign — with terrorism on behalf of these international groups .
Consider this hypothetical : If the Charlottesville attacker emerged from the car and said they were acting on behalf of the Islamic State , they could be charged with international terrorism , according to Katyal .
Inside the U.S. , the political debate appears to be shifting , with growing numbers calling for far-right extremism to be identified as terrorism . But that 's almost entirely a political discussion , not a legal one .
On the legal front , there 's still a good deal of resistance to creating a criminal charge of domestic terrorism .
`` It 's an incredibly broad label , '' said Hina Shamsi , director of the national security project at the American Civil Liberties Union . `` There 's a real danger of the government criminalizing ideology , theology and beliefs rather than focusing on specific criminal acts . ''
They said creating a domestic terrorism charge could quickly raise all sorts of political questions about free speech and religion . The ACLU opposes any such law , believing it could be politicized and used , for example , against anti-war groups or environmental activists .
Back in 1995 , when Timothy McVeigh killed 168 people with a truck bomb at a federal building in Oklahoma City , it was widely described as the worst act of domestic terrorism to that point .
Yet they were charged with , convicted of and executed for killing federal agents and other crimes — but not terrorism .
The government has historically used the term `` terrorism '' as a general description for a range of violent acts , including those by right-wing extremists , as well as environmental , anti-abortion and far-left groups . But the specific criminal charge is never domestic terrorism .
Another case came to light Monday , when the Justice Department announced it had arrested a man for allegedly attempting to set off a truck bomb in front of a bank in Oklahoma City on Saturday .
The bomb did n't detonate , the department said . But its description of the case is similar to McVeigh 's attack , claiming the suspect , Jerry Varnell , 23 , was angry with the government .
The FBI 's Joint Terrorism Task Force is leading what 's being described as a `` domestic terrorism investigation . '' Yet the formal charge against Varnell is `` attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce . ''
Not terrorism .
An Oregon man was so upset that they did n't receive an invite to a family wedding they called two airports and reported that their brother and father were traveling as terrorists sparking an FBI investigation .
Police said Sonny Donnie Smith , 38 , placed two anonymous phone calls in September 3 , 2016 to the security offices at McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas and the Midland International Air and Spaceport in Midland , Texas , claiming that their father and brother were terrorists traveling through the airports , reports The Daily Mail .
The calls prompted the FBI to get involved , according to The Oregonian . The father and brother were temporarily detained at the airports and questioned by investigators . When authorities realized they were not terrorists , they were released .
`` Thanks to the FBI agents and partner agencies who worked this case , Mr. Smith quickly found their harassment was far from anonymous , '' Loren Cannon , Oregon 's FBI special agent in charge , told the outlet .
Advertisement
Police said Smith made the calls because they were angry they are n't invited to a family wedding their father and brother were attending .
Smith admitted to making the false calls in court on Thursday . They face a maximum sentence of two years in prison , a $ 250,000 fine and one year of supervised release .
Smith is set to be sentenced May 10 .
`` The safety and security of our nation 's airports and travelers are of paramount importance to law enforcement , and we will continue to swiftly and thoroughly investigate all threats of terrorism , '' Billy J. Williams , Oregon 's US Attorney , said .
- As seen above , John Cena tweeted the trailer for animated movie `` Ferdinand '' today . Cena voices the main character of the show , Ferdinand . The movie hits theaters on December 15th . Cena wrote , `` Watch the new # Ferdinand trailer ! In theaters December 15 . ''
- This week 's WWE SmackDown ranked # 3 among series & specials for the night in Nielsen 's social media TV ratings , behind America 's Got Talent and Pretty Little Liars . SmackDown had 47,000 interactions on Twitter with 12,000 unique authors , down from last week 's 58,000 interactions and 13,000 authors . SmackDown also had 125,000 Facebook interactions with 90,000 unique authors last night , up from last week 's 72,000 interactions and 48,000 authors .
- Lana continues to tweet about their SmackDown Women 's Title match against Naomi this Sunday at the WWE Money In the Bank pay-per-view , which will be Lana 's SmackDown in-ring debut . They wrote the following :
This Sunday at # MITB I 'll shock my doubters by making history & become the 1st ever # RAVISHING Smackdown Women 's Champion ! @ NaomiWWE sorry ? ? pic.twitter.com/Zvpv8GiGXl — CJ ( Lana ) Perry ( @ LanaWWE ) June 14 , 2017
Sunday at # MITB I 'll make @ NaomiWWE regret FOREVER laughing at me.I 'll CRUSH your GLOW.Becoming the 1st RAVISHING Smackdown Women 's Champion pic.twitter.com/F0HSHgtOhV — CJ ( Lana ) Perry ( @ LanaWWE ) June 14 , 2017
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @ this_is_marc . Got a news tip or correction ? Send it to us by clicking here .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Firearm officers swooped on a public park in Walsall amid reports that a man was carrying a machete .
The drama unfolded inside Palfrey Park shortly before 7pm on Monday , with Palfrey and Caldmore neighbourhood watch team putting the initial call into West Midlands Police .
However , upon arrival , nothing was found and the alleged offender was released without charge .
A spokesperson for West Midlands Police said : “ Police were called to reports of a man with a machete in Palfrey Park , Walsall , just before 7pm last night ( 24 April ) .
“ Nothing was found on the man and no-one was injured . We can confirm that armed response was in attendance . ”
Where is Palfrey Park ?
Palfrey Park is situated at the rear of Palfrey Girls School and off Broadway West .
What is the law on carrying knives , according to Police.UK ?
If you are caught illegally carrying a knife or a gun , even an imitation one , you will be arrested and prosecuted . It is no excuse to say it was for your own protection or you were carrying it for someone else .
Remember - the law is clear - if you choose to carry a weapon , you put your future in danger . If you do n't take it with you , it wo n't be used .
Play your part in reducing knife and gun crime by reporting people you know or suspect may be carrying a weapon illegally .
Call your local police on 101 , or dial 999 if a crime is in progress or a life is in danger .
If you ca n't talk to police , contact the independent charity Crimestoppers by calling 0800 555 111 or using their online reporting form ( opens in a new window ) and give information about crime anonymously .
If you think your job is more stressful than it should be , you 're not alone .
Americans work hard , and it takes a physical and mental toll , not to mention that it frequently cuts into personal time , according to a comprehensive survey on working conditions the nonpartisan RAND Corporation published Monday . But having a good boss and good friends on the job can make work feel less taxing .
In 2015 , RAND researchers , along with Harvard Medical School and the University of California , Los Angeles , began collecting data from over 3,000 people from all income and education levels who work or have worked in all types of jobs . What they discovered about how we work may help inform policymakers looking to grow the economy and employers looking to retain the best workers .
This kind of data , examining workplace conditions in the U.S. , has not been collected for decades . `` We have excellent data on wages , on training ... but we do n't know much about the conditions of work , '' says Nicole Maestas , an economist and associate health care policy professor at Harvard Medical School who is the lead researcher on this study .
What the researchers found was that more than 1 in 4 Americans surveyed say they do n't have enough time to do their jobs , with about half of Americans reporting that they do some work in their free time . This was most prevalent among white-collar workers . Two-thirds of all workers say they frequently work under tight deadlines or at high speed .
In addition , 1 in 5 reported experiencing verbal abuse , threats , humiliating behavior or unwanted sexual attention at work in the past month ; or they experienced bullying , harassment or sexual harassment in the past year .
`` One thing that really struck me was the high prevalence of hostile social interactions at work , '' says Maestas . Them survey found that while such interactions were seen across the board , verbal abuse was much more common in customer service jobs and experienced at the highest rates among men who did not graduate from college . Younger women and women of `` prime age , '' defined in the survey as ages 35-49 , experienced the most unwanted sexual attention .
But people who have `` good '' bosses — or bosses who respect them , praise them , work with them and give feedback — were less likely to have workers who reported verbal or physical threats , Maestra notes .
`` Maybe bad bosses are part of the problem , '' they say , when it comes to a hostile work environment .
American workers feel , by and large , that they have a reasonable amount of autonomy on the job and are confident in their skills . Still , many workers , particularly those in service jobs and without a college degree , have little control over their work schedules . Some experience schedule changes the day of work or the day before .
New York and San Francisco have passed laws requiring employers to make schedules more predictable , and Oregon may become the first state to require at least a week 's notice of duty hours for certain service jobs so employees can plan doctors ' appointments and child care and get to their second jobs .
Despite multiple studies showing the benefits of telecommuting , it is still a rare option for many workers . The RAND survey found that 78 percent of employees are required to show up at their workplaces during regular business hours .
No matter where we work , friendships play an important role in how we perceive our jobs . Sixty-one percent of women agree with the statement `` I have very good friends at work , '' while 53 percent of men agreed .
While the emotional support helps , many jobs are simply tough on the body . Seventy-five percent of people surveyed report intense or repetitive physical exertion on the job at least 25 percent of the time . While workers who do n't have a college education report greater physical challenges on the job — think health care aides and construction workers — college-educated and older workers face significant physical challenges as well , particularly in the medical and sales fields where they are lifting heavy items and on their feet most of the day .
The physical exertion of their jobs may be why some older Americans retire early . It 's also a prime consideration for many seniors who say they would consider going back to work for the `` right '' job , Maestas says .
`` We 've got more people retiring than ever , and there just are n't enough younger workers to both release retirees and grow the economy , '' they say , so employers should take notice of workplace conditions if they want to retain older , experienced workers .
Additionally , 55 percent of workers report they are exposed to physical risks like smoke , fumes , infectious materials , extreme temperatures and vibrations from hand tools about 25 percent of the time . `` That was strikingly high , '' Maestas says .
Saba Waheed , the research director at UCLA 's Labor Center who was not involved in the study , says they were also surprised by the extent of the health and safety challenges revealed in the survey .
`` We have a lot of great laws , but we need better enforcement , '' they say .
While they largely praise the survey 's comprehensiveness , Waheed says they would have like to see how workers fared along hourly versus non-hourly lines , as well as the experiences reported by part-time versus full-time workers . `` I would really love to see race in here , '' they say , as well .
Maestas says that the survey did not break down workers by race because doing so would have resulted in numbers too small to be statistically significant .
The American Working Conditions Survey is based on a European workplace survey conducted every five years . Maestas and their team plan to compare the U.S. data with European data in 2018 .
The survey was funded by the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation and the Social Security Administration .
Rescuers went from door to door searching for information on people who might be missing Wednesday after massive landslides crashed onto villages and killed at least 140 in south-eastern Bangladesh , officials said .
With some roads collapsed and others blocked by mud , soldiers were erecting a portable bridge to reach the worst-hit district of Rangamati , where government shelters housed about half of the 4,500 people whose homes were swamped by mud and debris unleashed by the landslides Tuesday .
`` The devastation is huge , '' said Shah Kamal , secretary of the Ministry of Disaster Management . They said it could take days before access to the area is fully restored . With power cut off in the region , information was slow to trickle out .
× Rescuers search for survivors following a massive landslide in Bangladesh . Photo / AP Rescuers search for survivors following a massive landslide in Bangladesh . Photo / AP
Rescuers were using boats to reach some areas where roads were cut off . Elsewhere , villagers joined firefighters and soldiers in cutting fallen trees and clearing debris in remote areas where rescuers have been unable to get heavy machinery , military spokesperson Rezaul Karim said .
Advertisement
The injured were being taken to area hospitals where doctors worked by candlelight .
Hundreds of rescuers - including soldiers , firefighters , police and volunteers - were still digging through vast piles of mud in search of bodies . But authorities would not say how many people might still be missing .
One villager described living through a landslide that killed their three children as they slept early Tuesday , according to the newspaper Prothom Aloo . Swapan Barua said they were trying to clear rainwater from their thatched-roof home when huge chunks of mud swept down , burying the children in their beds , according to the newspaper .
Four soldiers died when a mudslide smashed into them while they were clearing a blocked road in Rangamati on Tuesday , army official Mohammed Redwan said . Officials reported 103 dead and at least 5,000 homes destroyed or damaged in Rangamati district , where mostly tribal villagers live in small communities near a lake surrounded by hills .
Another 28 were killed in the coastal Chittagong district , six died in Bandarban , two in Cox 's Bazar and one in Khagrachhari .
The delta nation of Bangladesh is frequently hit by strong storms , flooding and landslides . Experts said this week 's tragedy was also the result of uncontrolled denuding and soil harvesting on hills above unplanned settlements . Many people in hilly regions ignore authorities ' calls to avoid constructing homes on slopes .
- AP
President Emmerson Mnangagwa has come to the aid of the family of late MDC-T leader Mr Morgan Tsvangirai in the face of difficulties followi ...
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
National Lottery players have been urged to double-check their Lotto tickets .
It comes as a 'life-changing ' £350k prize remains unclaimed .
And time is running out for the winner to collect their winnings with just a month left before the winnings are withdrawn .
The search is on to find the owner of the winning ticket who matched their five numbers in the Lotto HotPicks ‘ Pick 5 ' game * with five of the six main numbers from the Lotto draw on Saturday 3 February 2018 . The winning Lotto numbers on that date were 8 , 26 , 27 , 29 , 49 and 58 .
Andy Carter , Senior Winners ' Advisor at The National Lottery said , “ Time is fast running out for the winner of this prize , but we are still hopeful that someone will come forward at the very last minute to claim the money .
“ We 're urging everyone to check their old tickets one final time or look anywhere a missing Lotto HotPicks ticket could be hiding . This life-changing prize could really help to make dreams become a reality for someone out there . ”
The Lotto HotPicks ticket bought in the West Lothian area in Scotland , the Daily Record reports .
The winnings - the highest available on the Lotto HotPicks game - must be claimed by August 2 .
If no-one comes forward with the winning ticket before the prize claim deadline , then the prize money , plus all the interest it has generated , will go to help National Lottery-funded projects across the UK .
By W.G . RAMIREZ
Associated Press
LAS VEGAS ( AP ) - Jonathan Marchessault scored two goals - including an empty-netter in the closing seconds - to lead the Vegas Golden Knights to a 4-2 victory over the Winnipeg Jets in Game 3 of the Western Conference final Wednesday night .
Vegas took a 2-1 series lead and is now two wins from advancing to the Stanley Cup final . The Golden Knights improved to 5-1 at home in the playoffs , and host Game 4 on Friday night .
James Neal and Alex Tuch also scored for Vegas , while Marc-Andre Fleury stopped 33 shots .
Mark Scheifele scored both of Winnipeg 's goals and has a playoff-leading 14 goals in 15 postseason games . Connor Hellebuyck had 26 saves for the Jets , who arrived in Las Vegas having outscored their opposition 23-15 in road games during the playoffs .
Marchessault scored their seventh goal of the playoffs just 35 seconds into the game as they took a pass from Brayden McNabb and went forehand-backhand to slip the puck past Hellebuyck , giving the Golden Knights a 1-0 lead .
Scheifele tied it with a double-deflection off their stick and calf that went past Fleury . But 12 seconds later , Neal answered when Hellebuyck misplayed the puck behind their net and Erik Haula dished a perfect pass , giving the Knights a 2-1 lead .
Tuch notched their fifth goal of the playoffs to push the lead to 3-1 after Neal fed them with a nifty pass from behind the net .
Scheifele netted their second goal of the game just 18 seconds into the third period to cut Vegas ' lead to one , but Winnipeg could n't overcome the Golden Knights ' speed and execution , despite outplaying them over the final 20 minutes .
Fleury , who bounced back after a loss in Game 1 to stop 30 of 31 shots in Game 2 , made several huge saves late in the game to perserve Vegas ' lead . After stonewalling Tyler Myers ' breakaway attempt with 11:50 left in the game , they stymied Scheifele 's back-to-back shot with 9:30 remaining . Less than two minutes later , they smothered the puck with a slew of players piled near the crease .
Winnipeg pulled Hellebuyck with 1:03 left , but Marchessault 's empty-netter with 3 seconds left sealed the win .
The Jets had scored a power play goal in 11 of the 13 playoff games in which they had a man advantage , but was 0 for 2 with a man advantage .
Winnipeg had n't lost back-to-back games during the playoffs . The last time it dropped consecutive games was a three-game losing streak ( 0-2-1 ) from Mar . 10-13 .
NOTES : Teams that take a 2-1 lead in the conference final ( or NHL semifinals ) have won the series 35 of 43 times ( 81.4 percent ) since 1975 . ... While ticket prices for Friday 's Game 4 spiked as high as $ 5,000 on Monday , they ranged between $ 259 and $ 2,500 as the puck dropped for Game 3 . ... The Golden Knights welcomed the family of Humboldt Broncos head coach and GM Darcy Haugan , wife Christina and children Carson and Jackson . ... With their two goals , Scheifele now owns the NHL record for most goals scored on the road in a single playoff with 11 , surpassing Sidney Crosby and Joe Mullen , each with 10 . ... With 53 victories , Hellebuyck remains one shy of tying the most single-season wins by a goaltender , in both the regular season and playoffs , held by Washington 's Braden Holtby ( 54 in 2015-16 ) .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
As a candidate and later than president , Ronald Reagan had a really good opening line , which almost invariably would make their audiences smile and softly chuckle : “ As King Henry VIII said to each of their six wives , ‘ Do n't worry , I wo n't keep you long . ' ”
When first lady Nancy Reagan was openly displeased with their husband 's then-White House chief of staff Donald Regan , President Ronald Reagan could quip to a press group that efforts were being made to patch up relations between their wife and their aide , that they had actually met for an off-the-record , private lunch , “ just the two of them ... and their food-tasters . ”
Before political opponents could poke fun at their Hollywood background , Reagan would beat them to the punch by first quoting the reaction of movie studio boss Jack Warner , who upon being told that Reagan was running for governor of California , said : “ All wrong . Jimmy Stewart for governor . Reagan for best friend . ”
Do n't get me wrong . I am not nominating Reagan for Mount Rushmore . They twice , without my votes , won thumping presidential landslide victories . But what I do miss , besides the man 's infectious optimism and theirs being so obviously comfortable in their own skin , is the self-mocking humor they brought to our nation 's public life . That 's a delightful humor that is so sorely missing today .
You could write all the memorable one-liners of Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nev. , and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Ky. , on the back of a Post-it note and still have room for a list of President Barack Obama 's spontaneous , self-deprecating hits . Neither House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , nor House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-Calif. , is known for delivering witty thigh-slappers . Washington and American political life are suffering from an acute humor deficit .
The last time I checked the polls , only one U.S. politician was rated favorably by Democratic , Republican and independent voters . That would be New Jersey Republican Gov . Chris Christie .
Now in our hypersensitive , politically correct era , we understand that any comments about someone 's physical appearance are unacceptable and can lead to a severe reprimand from the nearest human resources czar . Because I have had too many second servings of Ben & Jerry 's , friendly critics and critical friends have said I , by actual count , have more chins than the San Francisco phone book ( drum roll ) . This somehow permits me to suggest a line to Christie , who as most people know , is overweight and publicly committed to losing a lot of pounds before the 2016 New Hampshire presidential primary .
Taking a leaf from Reagan 's winning playbook , Christie could say something like this on a late-night talk show : People asked me what convinced me to seek medical help . Here 's how you know when you 're overweight . If you 're sitting in the bathtub and you see the water level in the toilet bowl starts to rise , you know you 've got a problem !
What Christie could accomplish with such a self-deprecating ( if mildly offending ) line is what Reagan understood so intuitively — that once you have voluntarily laughed at your own publicly perceived shortcoming , then your political critics can not , without looking like mean-spirited scolds who are piling on , seek to revisit the same subject .
Early in their first term , Reagan 's White House staff had failed to wake them to inform them that two Navy fighter planes had shot down two attacking Libyan jets . Editorials and cartoons criticizing Reagan 's disengagement followed , which the Gipper eventually silenced by saying they had “ laid down the law . From now on , when anything happens , no matter what time it is , wake me , even if it 's in the middle of a Cabinet meeting . ”
It 's OK to smile .
— Mark Shields is one of the most widely recognized political commentators in the United States . The former Washington Post editorial columnist appears regularly on CNN , on public television and on radio . Click here to contact him , or click here to read previous columns . The opinions expressed are their own .
0:29
Mountain View seniors explain why they chose to play with torn ACLs
2:37
Chandler Hutchison : `` We 're just not making shots . ''
2:51
Ben Smith will become the 68th All Blacks Test skipper after being named to lead the world champions out for their season-opening Test against Samoa .
The world class fullback , a veteran of 60 Tests , will captain an experienced team for the clash at Eden Park on Friday .
Flanker Sam Cane was considered a good chance to be named skipper in the absence of the injured Kieran Read , having done so twice before .
However , coach Steve Hansen went for a man who has impressed as Highlanders co- captain for two seasons and was appointed to that role with the All Blacks last year .
Smith will be the first fullback to lead the All Blacks since Mils Muliaina did for three Tests in 2009 .
Read is expected to be fit for the first Test against the British and Irish Lions on June 24 .
Their No.8 berth is taken this week by livewire Ardie Savea , whose previous 12 appearances were as a reserve or a flanker .
Ardie Savea of the Hurricanes makes a break against the Crusaders . Source : Photosport
Regarded previously as an openside specialist , Savea has started five games at No.8 for the Hurricanes this year .
The Test will be a special one for the Barrett family , after three brothers were included in the 23 , including the uncapped Jordie Barrett on the reserves bench .
Lock Scott Barrett is also on the bench while starting first five-eighth Beauden , the reigning world player of the year , will play their 50th Test .
Assuming both reserves come on , it will be the first time three All Blacks brothers have played in the same Test .
Another debut looms for Jordie Barrett 's Hurricanes teammate and lock Vaea Fifita , who is on the bench as loose forward cover in the absence of Read and Liam Squire ( thumb ) .
Hansen says they plan to use both uncapped players at some point .
Aaron Smith has won the contentious halfback spot ahead of TJ Perenara , reversing the pecking order of last November 's tour when Smith 's form dipped badly .
Second five-eighth Sonny Bill Williams will play their first Test since the 2015 Rugby World Cup final , having had a dab at sevens last year .
Reserve hooker Nathan Harris played their most recent Test a year ago , before embarking on another lengthy period of injury .
The starting tight five features four of the Crusaders pack who struggled for authority in the 12-3 loss to the Lions on Saturday .
Codie Taylor starts at hooker , with Dane Coles still recovering from concussion symptoms .
In the starting XV , there are three backs and five forwards who also ran out in their most recent Test , the 24-19 defeat of France in Paris last November .
All Blacks :
Hibernian boss Neil Lennon celebrates Simon Murray 's equaliser in their side 's 3-2 victory over Rangers at Ibrox .
Warning : Some people may consider some scenes to be offensive
Crawley Town head coach Dermot Drummy belives their side are not far away from winning after they put in two better displays in their last two games .
Reds travel to ninth-placed Colchester United tonight positive they can cause them problems .
Check out the the recent form of both clubs and the head-to-heads at our stats centre
In August Reds beat the US 1-0 at home in the Checkatrade Trophy thanks to a goal by James Collins .
In September the two teams met again in the league which ended a 1-1 draw which was gained through a goal by Adi Yusuf .
Drummy said : “ There 's a belief in the camp after Saturday – we 'll go there well organised and looking to be dangerous again .
“ We played really well in the game against a really top side ( Luton ) and I thought we deserved more but we did n't get more so we ca n't say it 's enough to play well .
“ We were organised and we dictated play at times and the work ethic was good , the substitutions were strong when they came on , so it 's encouraging .
Drummy has been reviewing the team 's mistakes in those games to eradicate the errors , such as lapses in concentration .
They said : “ They are game-changers - the players are aware and are prepared to be accountable and we do need to make sure if someone is going to score a goal against us it 's got to be a good goal .
“ We are not far away from a win and a run .
“ Tuesday will be tight . We 'll be going there looking to be organised and dangerous again .
“ They have won five on the trot at home so they are strong and are a good side but every game is a tough game .
“ But we are organised and have certainly got the goals and creativity to win games . ”
Joe McNerney is ruled out with a hamstring injury suffered during the warm-up at Luton , but Josh Yorwerth is back from suspension .
A fire broke out on the sets of Akshay Kumar 's film 'Kesari ' at a village in Maharashtra 's Satara district today , police said . The fire was brought under control , a Satara Police control room official told PTI . Nobody was hurt , they added .
The shooting for the film is taking place at Pimpode Budruk village in Wai teshsil , around 30 km from Satara , they said .
Asked how the fire started , police said the shoot had a scene depicting a bomb explosion and apparently some embers fell on set material in the vicinity .
The film 's unit has been shooting there for the climax and final portions of the film with Akshay Kumar , who had left the spot for the day after completing the shoot , police said .
The film is being jointly produced by Dharma Productions , Cape of Good Films and Azure Entertainment .
There has been no word so far from either Akshay Kumar or the filmmakers about today 's incident .
The film is a war drama inspired by the Battle of Saragarhi of 1897 , where an army of 21 Sikhs fought against 10,000 Afghans . The film also stars Parineeti Chopra and is being directed by Anurag Singh .
Earlier also , the film was in the limelight when it was reported that Salman Khan refused to co-produce the film along with Karan Johar .
Emotion Detection and Recognition Market , By Technology ( Bio Sensors Technology , Pattern Recognition , NLP , Machine Learning , Feature Extraction ) , Software Tool ( Voice Recognition , Facial Expression ) , Service , Application and End User – Global Forecast 2023
Market Scenario :
Emotion detection and recognition is tracking of a user 's emotion at any given time , in order to analyze their emotions and their behavioral patterns . There is a rapid growth in emotion detection and recognition market owing to the rising applications in various industry sectors . The need for technological advancements to standardize emotion detection and recognition has driven the market growth .
The emotion detection and recognition market has been segmented on the basis of technology , software tool , service , application and end user . The technology segment is further bifurcated into bio sensors technology , pattern recognition , natural language processing , machine learning and feature extraction and 3D modelling .
The bio sensor technology is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period owing to incorporation of several technologies like ECG , EEG , EMG , fMRI , GSR , eye tracking and wearable technology . Wearable bio sensors have gained much popularity owing to its increasing number of applications especially in military , defense and healthcare .
The global Emotion Detection And Recognition Market is expected to grow at approx . USD 65 Billion by 2023 , at 39 % of CAGR between 2017 and 2023 .
Study Objectives of Emotion Detection and Recognition Market :
• To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast of the various segments and sub-segments of the emotion detection and recognition market .
• To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth .
• To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America , Europe , Asia , and Rest of the World ( ROW ) .
• To provide country level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future perspective .
• To provide country level analysis of the market for segmentation on the basis of technology , software tool , service , application and end user .
• To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market , comprehensively analyzing their core competencies , and drawing a competitive landscape for emotion detection and recognition
• To track and analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures , strategic alliances , mergers and acquisitions , new product developments , and research and developments in the emotion detection and recognition
Request a Sample Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/3193
Key Players :
The prominent players in emotion detection and recognition market are – Affectiva ( U.S. ) , Emotient , An Apple Company ( U.S. ) , Eyeris ( U.S. ) , Kairos Ar . Inc. ( U.S. ) , Noldus ( Netherlands ) , nViso . ( Switzerland ) , Realeyes ( U.K. ) , Sightcorp ( Netherlands ) , Sentiance ( Belgium ) , Skybiometry ( Lithuania ) among others .
Segments :
Emotion detection and recognition market can be segmented on the basis of following :
By Technology
• Bio Sensors Technology
• Pattern Recognition
• Natural Language Processing ( NLP )
• Feature Extraction and 3D Modelling
• Machine Learning
• Others
By Software Tool
• Speech and Voice Recognition
• Facial Expression Recognition
• Bio Sensing Software Tools and Apps
By Service
• Storage and Maintenance
• Consulting and Integration
By Application
• Law Enforcement , Surveillance and Monitoring
• Marketing & Advertising
• Media & Entertainment
• Others
By End User
• Industrial
• Commercial
• Defense and Security Agency
• Enterprises
• Others
Regional Analysis :
The regional analysis of emotion detection and recognition market is being studied for regions such as Asia Pacific , North America , Europe and Rest of the World . It has been observed that North America is estimated to account for the largest share of the market , whereas Asia-Pacific is projected to grow at the fastest rate during the forecast period . The major growth in emotion detection and recognition market in North America attributes to the technical advancements and well established infrastructures in that region .
Intended Audience
• Technology investors
• Research/Consultancy firms
• Cloud service providers
• Technology providers
• Industrial users
• Commercial users
• Others
About Market Research Future :
At Market Research Future ( MRFR ) , we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report ( CRR ) , Half-Cooked Research Reports ( HCRR ) , Raw Research Reports ( 3R ) , Continuous-Feed Research ( CFR ) , and Market Research & Consulting Services .
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients . Our market research studies by Components , Application , Logistics and market players for global , regional , and country level market segments , enable our clients to see more , know more , and do more , which help to answer all their most important questions .
In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry , MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members .
Contact :
Market Research Future
Office No . 524/528 , Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road , Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra , India
+1 646 845 9312
Email : sales @ marketresearchfuture.com
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 2:24 How hard is it to launch an egg into space ? Pause 0:46 Graduating from River Ridge seniors hold traveling parade for Lacey elementary kids 1:25 Students target president 's office for protest at The Evergreen State College 1:36 Retirement shoutouts for beloved Timberline High theatre director 1:25 New Seven Oaks ' counseling program to help military students 2:24 Olympia schools earn state awards 1:56 Thurston County Sheriff 's Office briefing on local school evacuation 1:45 Littlerock Elementary School under construction 2:00 Digital Media Class at Stewart Middle School 5:09 Olympia School Board discusses superintendent finalists Share Video Video link : Select Embed code : Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email A rally to support The Evergreen State College drew about four dozen students , staff , parents and alumni to the Olympia waterfront . Tony Overman toverman @ theolympian.com
A rally to support The Evergreen State College drew about four dozen students , staff , parents and alumni to the Olympia waterfront . Tony Overman toverman @ theolympian.com
With the exception of 1999 , every MMP election has been extremely close . Even in 2002 , when National crashed to 20.93 per cent , there was a mathematical chance of a National-NZ First-Act-United Future Government until the final bell .
Nothing comparable to National 's tribulations in Helen Clark 's first term is happening in Jacinda Ardern 's .
Fifteen years after Don Brash 's Orewa speech restored National 's fortunes and 12 years since the launch of John Key 's smiley-wavy alternative , the party continues to poll at 45 per cent , just a couple of points away from governing alone .
Such high polling over many years and three leadership changes is near miraculous . Whatever is said about the lost opportunities of Key 's Government , neither they nor Steven Joyce can be accused of leaving National 's brand in anything other than outstanding shape .
Advertisement
Neither Jacindamania nor Labour 's $ 20 billion Budget spend-up has dragged more than a vanishingly small number of voters across the crucial blue-red line .
National is polling almost exactly the same as before Ardern 's elevation in August . In polling terms , they have done nothing but cannibalise them left .
Ardern will be as aware as anyone how vulnerable they are .
Modelling , published on the Labour-aligned The Standard of 2000 potential election results derived from this week 's polls , suggests they have no more than a 50 per cent probability of a second term .
The outlook looks brighter for Simon Bridges .
The new National leader has yet to fire . Their performances in question time have sometimes been pedestrian and — as Ardern charges — `` shouty '' .
They are yet to fully learn the knack of turning their radio interviews to the topics they want to talk about . Both they and their senior team spend too much time defending the Key-English-Joyce regime and not enough challenging the Coalition 's performance and explaining how a Bridges Government would differ from both .
Paula Bennett 's over-the-top antics against the Speaker 's flawed disciplinary methods made everyone involved look ridiculous .
Neither Jacindamania nor Labour 's $ 20 billion Budget spend-up has dragged more than a vanishingly small number of voters across the crucial blue-red line . Photo / Mark Mitchell
Bridges ' regional tour might have best been delayed until the current parliamentary recess . Outside the provinces , they have seemed missing in action for the past month .
Looking ahead , though , this month 's arrival of The Baby may offer the Government the pluses of more cover stories about Ardern and Clarke Gayford , but it also comes with the minuses of their absence from day-to-day politics and the risks associated with Winston Peters ' prime ministership .
Further out , National can be even more quietly confident .
The Coalition 's measurable promises of a billion trees , $ 3 billion for the regions , a net 100,000 new houses and materially reducing child poverty as measured by the Children 's Commissioner are all set to fail . As it becomes impossible to hide the lack of progress on these fronts , expect ministers to cut corners and for scandals to arise .
Having been promised nirvana but delivered nothing , nurses and teachers are legitimately aggrieved .
Heading into election year , NZ First will need to find a formula to withdraw from the Coalition and return to its core business of attacking the establishment without causing an early election .
As the Greens also dance with death around the 5 per cent threshold , expect party activists to demand new co-leader Marama Davidson and high-flying backbencher Golriz Ghahraman to boldly differentiate the party from Labour from the far-left .
The Coalition 's dilemma is this : such antics are necessary for NZ First and the Greens to have any hope of being back in 2020 but they also risk pushing the crucial 40,000-odd voters , who will decide the election , from Labour to National .
Whatever happens , NZ First looks doomed .
The most likely outcome is the Greens scraping back but at the expense of fatally wounding Labour 's reputation for stability and competence among median voters .
Even better for National is the second-most likely outcome : a two-party Parliament , making National 's existing slim lead over Labour of crucial importance .
While arguably ill-timed , Bridges ' regional tour has helped them further refine their retail political skills which saw them defeat Winston Peters in Tauranga in 2008 and test lines for the national media .
All talk of National trying to set up new client parties is fanciful .
Both the idea of a cool hipster , right-leaning blue-green tech party , or a conservative Christian ensemble , risk taking a small but essential number of voters off National but failing to get into Parliament on the night .
Businesses quickly opened their wallets to Labour the day Ardern became leader , playing catch up .
Many rightly continue to bias their donations and attention to the governing team . But the polls suggest the best strategy is to keep lines of communication open to both sides .
The cost of refunds and compensation to Bank of Ireland customers caught up in the tracker mortgage scandal has topped €138 million , the bank will tell the Oireachtas finance committee on Thursday .
In documents sent to the committee ahead of the the appearance of chief executive Francesca McDonagh , Bank of Ireland said it had offered a total of €137.3 million to 99 per cent of borrowers affected by the controversy .
The bank has also earmarked €1.1 million for the final 80 people , which it is having difficulty tracking down .
The bank said the number of accounts identified as impacted by a tracker-mortgage examination ordered by the Central Bank in late 2015 had increased by 13 since March , to 9,345 . That is in addition to 5,100 cases which the bank was forced to rectify in 2010 where borrowers were on the wrong rate .
“ The tracker issue became a key focus of mine shortly after I took up my position as CEO last October , ” Ms McDonagh will tell the Oireachtas committee in their opening address , according to submissions filed in advance and seen by The Irish Times .
Appeals
Ninety per cent of the sums offered to impacted borrows have been paid out so far . Some 317 customers have lodged appeals through an independent process against the amount they were offered , according to the documents . About 45 per cent of these have been upheld , increasing compensation awards to €3,266 on average from €2,091 .
The estimated €138.4 million final redress and compensation bill equates to almost 71 per cent of the total €195 million of provisions that Bank of Ireland set aside in the past two years in an effort to draw a line under the matter .
It is not clear if some of the amount covers a possible Central Bank fine , as the regulator pursues enforcement investigations against the State 's five main mortgage lenders .
Separately , Ms McDonagh will outline to the Oireachtas committee how the bank is currently funding the construction of almost 3,000 residential units and 1,700 student accommodation beds in Ireland , and are supporting development on 160 sites across the State .
Ms McDonagh outlined their grand medium-term vision for the bank last month to investors in which they plan to increase the size of the bank 's loan book by 20 per cent by the end of 2021 , driven by a resurgent Irish economy . The bank also plans shave €200 million of costs and double the profitability of its underperforming UK unit over the period .
Having been demolished in 2015 , a reunion is planned this week for a department within the College of Business Studies , in the hotel built on its former site .
The nine-storey college in Brunswick Street opened its doors in September 1971 and housed four departments , including the Department of Catering and Food Studies who have organised the reunion in the Maldron Hotel .
The meat technology unit in the Catering department of the former College of Business Studies
Gareth Jones , who is on the organising committee , worked in the catering department for 34 years .
They said : “ It was brilliant . I really enjoyed my time there , even through all the Troubles .
“ Every time a bomb went off in the Europa we used to get the blast shooting up Amelia Street , and hitting the front end of our building . ”
They added : “ The camaraderie throughout the college was great .
The Japanese Consul with some guests at a a Japanese-themed lunch at the old college
“ It did n't matter what side of the fence you were on . ”
The College of Business Studies offered a wide variety of programmes for business , academic and secretarial students .
The Department of Catering and Food Studies was the largest , occupying floors five to nine .
It offered a range of training facilities for students including a public restaurant on the seventh floor , numerous training kitchens , bakeries , and a meat technology unit and butchers shop .
When the college moved to the Titanic Quarter in 2011 , its former home was sold , demolished in 2015 and then rebuilt as a hotel .
Mr Jones said : “ It seems providential that a hotel has replaced a building that , for many years was synonymous with the hospitality industry here in Northern Ireland and worldwide . ”
A reunion of past staff of the catering department from the Brunswick Street days has been organised for Friday from 12.30pm in the Maldron Hotel , now in its place in the same street .
In encouraging former staff to attend , Mr Jones said : “ It 's very informal . It 's basically about getting together and having the craic , getting to know each other again . ”
Those planning to attend are asked to text their name and – if possible – their email address to 07973111504 .
The 28-year veteran brings experience in all aspects of community banking
William “ Butch ” Phillips has joined Santa Barbara Bank & Trust as a private banker .
A 28-year banking veteran , they have a high level of experience in all aspects of community banking .
Before joining SBB & T , Phillips was president and chief operating officer for Los Padres Bank in Solvang and served as president of Harrington West Financial Group , the holding company of Los Padres Bank .
“ Butch has extensive management skills and expertise in a wide array of financial products and services , ” said Lisa Watson , executive vice president and community bank regional manager . “ He brings an exceptional combination of experience and personal service to the bank . We welcome someone of their caliber to work closely with our clients in Montecito and Santa Ynez . ”
As a longtime resident in the Santa Ynez Valley , Phillips ' commitment to local civic and charitable organizations continues to distinguish them among the community 's most dedicated residents . They have served as a board member of the Western Independent Bankers Association , the Savings and Loan League Association , the Channel Islands YMCA , the Stuart C. Gildred Family YMCA and the Santa Ynez Valley Historical Society .
They serve on the board of the Alisal Ranch Men 's Golf Club , is a member of the Santa Ynez Valley Rotary Club and participates in volunteer and fundraising campaigns with local organizations .
Phillips is a U.S. Navy veteran and studied accounting at Chico State University .
— Elizabeth Saghi represents Santa Barbara Bank & Trust .
Are you entitled to compensation ? Find out here ...
While festive well-wishers are no doubt dreaming of a white Christmas , for those travelling in the next few weeks , a dusting of the white stuff could be a serious headache .
Yesterday 's snowfall caused disruption all over the UK and Europe , with flights delayed and cancelled and some airports temporarily closed .
No everyday view ! # Belgium # Brusselsairport # Snow # Delays # Angry # Passengers # Beautiful # Tarmac # Work # I # Love # My # Airportjob A post shared by Michael Decoster ( @ milesandsmilesaway26 ) on Dec 11 , 2017 at 2:27am PST
No one can prevent bad weather , but consumers might be entitled to some compensation . If your journey is disrupted because of the snow , here 's everything you need to know…
Am I entitled to compensation if my flight was delayed or cancelled due to snow ?
UPDATE | Disruption continues following yesterday 's weather . If your flight is cancelled , please do not travel to the airport . https : //t.co/zOqJyQR48T pic.twitter.com/ZczcxvAQ4I — Heathrow Airport ( @ HeathrowAirport ) December 11 , 2017
If the direct cause was bad weather then you may not be entitled to anything , sadly . However , if your flight was disrupted due to problems with an earlier flight , you may be eligible to make a claim under EU regulation 261/2004 . This covers anyone travelling to or from an airport in an EU state on an airline operating within the EU . The term ‘ EU airport ' also includes Iceland , Liechtenstein , Norway and Switzerland .
After how long a delay can I claim ?
After two hours , you should be entitled to meal vouchers and refreshments . After three hours , you could be entitled to financial compensation . If the flight is delayed until the following day , the airline should provide overnight accommodation .
What if they refuse to help ?
If the airline refuses to assist with meals etc , then keep all receipts to try and make a later claim . Just make sure you keep spending to a minimum – eg alcoholic drinks and plates of caviar will not be covered !
How much can I claim ?
The amount of compensation depends on the length of delay and distance of the flight . Amounts range from €250-€600 .
How can I make a claim ?
Why is it always a technical problem with flights ? ? Why could n't they just say the pilot overslept . We all do it occasionally 😠 # Bristolairpot # delays pic.twitter.com/8tKL9yacLY — mark barton ( @ markybarty1 ) December 4 , 2017
Each airline has its own procedure , so follow the appropriate guidelines on their websites . You 'll need details of your flight number and booking reference . Alternatively , the airFair app ( free on iOS and Android ) can do the calculations and requests for you – although an admin charge will be deducted from your final claim .
When should I claim ?
Immediately , ideally – although in the UK , claims as far back as six years should be honoured .
© Press Association 2017
BEIJING : China 's sole aircraft carrier has led a flotilla of naval vessels in a “ live combat drill ” in the East China Sea ( also known as Sea of Japan ) , state media reported on Tuesday , the latest show of force by Beijing 's burgeoning navy .
The official Xinhua news agency said the vessels “ took part in anti-aircraft and anti-submarine warfare training ” with a simulated “ opposing force . ”
Xinhua said the drill , which took place on Sunday , included multiple take-offs from the deck of the Liaoning aircraft carrier by J-15 fighter jets and that “ anti-air missiles were fired from ships surrounding the carrier . ”
The maneuver occurred in the East China Sea , though the report did not give an exact location .
The sea is home to uninhabited islets at the center of a festering row between Tokyo and Beijing . The Japanese government has long complained about China 's routine dispatch of coast guard ships to waters surrounding the islands .
The presence of a naval convoy carrying out live fire drills in the East China Sea could anger Tokyo .
The Liaoning is a refurbished Cold War-era aircraft carrier that was bought from Ukraine and commissioned in 2012 .
It has been on a high-visibility tour in recent weeks , carrying out a series of muscle-flexing drills accompanied by a flotilla of support ships , including destroyers .
Earlier this month , Chinese President Xi Jinping inspected the convoy as it conducted exercises in the disputed South China Sea .
Beijing asserts sovereignty over almost all of the resource-rich waterway , building an archipelago of artificial islands there capable of hosting military equipment , despite rival claims from several of its Southeast Asian neighbors .
The flotilla then held two separate drills last week in waters on either side of Taiwan , infuriating the government in Taipei .
China sees democratically governed Taiwan as a renegade part of its territory to be brought back into the fold and has not ruled out reunification by force .
The Liaoning is the pride of China 's rapidly expanding navy , with Beijing determined to become a major global naval power , particularly in the Pacific .
The state-run Global Times newspaper said China 's first home-made carrier started moving from its berth on Monday as it prepares for its first sea trial , while a third , more advanced model is under construction in a Shanghai shipyard .
China 's chief Pacific rival the United States currently boasts 11 operating aircraft carriers and two more currently under construction .
June drills
Taiwan will practice thwarting a Chinese “ invasion ” in annual live fire drills in June , simulating surprise coastal assaults to reflect increased military threats from Beijing , officials said on Tuesday .
Although Taiwan is a self-ruling democracy , it has never formally declared independence from the mainland and Beijing still sees it as a renegade province to be brought back into the fold , by force if necessary .
Cross-strait relations have steadily deteriorated since 2016 when President Tsai Ing-wen took office , largely because they refuse to accept that Taiwan is part of “ one China , ” and because Beijing is deeply suspicious of their traditionally pro-independence Democratic Progressive Party .
Taiwan 's five-day drill , codenamed “ Han Kuang , ” which means “ Han Glory , ” will start on June 4 .
“ Simply put , the main goal of the drill is to make any Chinese communist military mission to invade Taiwan fail , ” defense ministry spokesperson Chen Chung-chi told reporters .
“ It simulates this year 's situation and we are taking into consideration China 's air and naval movements in the region , ” they added .
This year 's drill will enlist the coastguard and National Airborne Service Corps , which handles rescue flights , for the first time for “ comprehensive defense , ” Chen said .
Civilian drones will also participate in the drill for the first time to conduct surveillance and mark targets , while civilian telecom service providers will assist in maintaining communication and control , the ministry said .
“ It 's not just soldiers ' duties to protect the country . Everyone has the responsibility since our defense budget is limited , ” Chen said .
Taipei dismissed China 's military exercises in the Taiwan Strait last week as “ routine ” after expected large-scale naval maneuvers failed to materialize and called it the “ cheapest way of verbal intimidation and saber-rattling . ”
AFP
The non-jury Special Criminal Court trial of three people accused of murdering Gareth Hutch is set to begin next week .
Mr Hutch ( 35 ) , a nephew of Gerry Hutch , was shot dead as they were getting into their car outside Avondale House flats on North Cumberland Street in Dublin on the morning of May 24th , 2016 .
Thomas Fox ( 31 ) with an address at Rutland Court , Dublin 1 , Regina Keogh ( 41 ) from Avondale House , Cumberland Street North , Dublin 1 and Jonathan Keogh ( 32 ) of Gloucester Place , Dublin 1 , are all charged with the alleged murder of Mr Hutch .
The trial had been due to begin on Wednesday but was instead adjourned until next week after additional evidence was served .
Paul Burns SC , prosecuting , told the court that four weeks had been set aside for the trial but it was likely it would run a bit longer .
The three accused were remanded in custody and the trial will begin on Tuesday morning in front of Mr Justice Tony Hunt , presiding , sitting with Judge Patricia Ryan and Judge Michael Walsh .
More competition may be in store for Team New Zealand after the recently announced changes to the America 's Cup .
The return to monohulls could see a greater challenge from Britain 's Land Rover BAR . The team 's skipper Sir Ben Ainslie said they were excited that the competition was reverting to the traditional approach .
`` I am excited about the return to monohulls . Although personally I favoured sticking with multihulls - as in my view the racing out in Bermuda in May and June was spectacular and we , in common with a number of other teams , felt that continuity at this time would be good for the sport as a whole - I do not deny that this new class of boat can be similarly spectacular , '' Ainslie wrote in a column for The Telegraph .
In the column , Ainslie also highlighted the ways in which the changes , including the new nationality rules , could benefit their team 's chances .
Advertisement
`` A lot of the design and sailing team at Land Rover BAR have backgrounds - mine included - in monohulls and I know that it is going to be amazing to sail these new boats once they are built .
`` Some aspects may prove more costly , such as the new nationality rule , which will require at least 20 per cent of the total crew to be 'true nationals ' and the rest compliant with 'residency rules ' ( 380 days living in the challenger 's country ) .
`` The nationality rule actually suits Land Rover BAR from a competitive standpoint as most of our team and sailors are already British . But for teams who do not have the requisite skillset already residing within their country , it will be an added cost . ''
Ainslie admitted it will be a difficult task ahead , as they declared their intention to challenge for the Auld Mug in 2021 .
`` The America 's Cup is the hardest trophy to win in world sport , and it 's likely that we will be traveling half-way around the world to compete on the home waters of the world 's most successful modern America 's Cup team .
`` Team New Zealand have been in all six of the openly contested Cups since 1995 , and they have won three of them .
`` So we do n't underestimate the challenge - it is immense - but we will call on the very best of British technology and innovation through our partners , and use that British fighting spirit to finally bring the Cup home to Britain . ''
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Coronation Street star Kym Marsh has praised the soap 's producer Kate Oates for their emphasis on strong female characters .
Marsh , who plays Michelle Connor on the cobbles , said that when they were growing up , the ITV serial drama was `` all about the feisty women '' .
They told Radio Times magazine : `` So it 's great to see that strength returning .
`` Kate Oates is a very strong woman themselves and I 'm loving that she 's bringing all that back to the show . ''
Tina O'Brien , who has starred in the soap as Sarah Platt on and off for nearly 20 years , said that Corrie is `` incredible '' at depicting well-rounded female characters , while other TV dramas sometimes fall short of representing women in such a way .
( Image : ITV )
They said : `` There are times when I 'm in the make-up room and I 'll look up at all the monitors and see Jane ( Danson ) on one , Kym ( Marsh ) on the second , Lucy ( Fallon ) on the third - they 're all such good actores .
`` On some other TV dramas , women do n't always get the top roles , but Coronation Street is n't shy of showing off its female characters . ''
Fallon , who plays Bethany Platt , said that Corrie 's storylines are helping the soap 's young female viewers because Oates - who has been the soap 's boss for one year - has `` put the women on a pedestal '' .
Fallon said of Oates : `` Before they got here , a lot of female characters had left .
`` Carla did n't leave on a positive note , Kylie ( Platt ) had been killed , Tina ( McIntyre ) too . And Kate has chosen not to get rid of any strong women .
`` Instead , she 's given them powerful stories , which is great . I know that a lot of young girls watch the show and we 're showing them what women can achieve . ''
BERLIN ( AP ) — German authorities say Spanish police have arrested a suspect in the killing of a woman in Berlin in May .
Berlin prosecutors said Wednesday that the 38-year-old man was arrested a day earlier and their extradition to Germany is being sought
The 30-year-old victim , Melanie Rehberger , was found dead in a park next to a railway line in the north of Berlin on May 27 , two days after going missing during a work break .
Prosecutors said the suspect , who had been living in Berlin but did n't have a fixed address , fled the country after the killing . The man was n't identified by name .
Advertisement
Prosecutors said evidence found at the crime scene was clearly matched to the arrested suspect .
In a rare break with President Donald Trump , Republican National Chairwoman Ronna Romney McDaniel explicitly condemned the racist angle of weekend rallies and protests around a Confederate statue in Charlottesville , Virginia , multiple times before Trump did so himself .
At an event on Monday in Detroit , McDaniel made clear that they expected the president to follow their lead and speak out more forcefully on the violent , deadly incidents soon . ( He did so later on Monday , in remarks at the White House . )
“ The president is going to have a conversation today , ” McDaniel said while addressing reporters at a roundtable with black leaders — an event planned before the Charlottesville unrest .
Chad Livengood , a reporter for Crain 's Detroit Business , shared video of the remarks on Twitter .
Trump , McDaniel said , “ obviously this weekend denounced bigotry and racism and hate in all its forms , and today I think he 'll go even further . The vice president did yesterday . It is important that we address that white supremacy , neo-Nazi , KKK . Any type of hate and bigotry is not welcome , not just in our party , but in our country . And all of our leaders have to do that across party lines . And we have to unite together . This is n't a partisan issue . This is an American issue . I 'm a mom . I do n't want my kids growing up in a country that says this is OK . So we have to have that conversation , and I think the president will address that forcefully today . ”
A few hours after McDaniel 's remarks , Trump condemned racism as `` evil '' and singled out white supremacists and neo-Nazis .
Follow @ insidefutbol
Inter Milan are interested in signing Manchester United attacking midfielder Juan Mata during the summer transfer window .
The Spaniard is the second highest goalscorer for Manchester United this season behind Zlatan Ibrahimovic but a groin injury means Mata will not feature for Jose Mourinho 's men again this term .
One of the key creative outlets for Manchester United this season , the former Chelsea man has been an important player for Mourinho this term , but speculation surrounding their future at the club is refusing to die down .
And according to Italian outlet Calcio Mercato , Inter are probing the possibility of signing the Spanish playmaker during the summer transfer window from Manchester United .
With Manchester United expected to spend big again at the end of the season , Mata 's future at the club could be in doubt as Mourinho looks to take their team to the next level .
And the Nerazzurri are convinced that there could be an opportunity for them to sign the 28-year-old if they decide to part ways with Manchester United in the summer transfer window .
Mata themselves has given little indication that they want to leave the club and is expected to fight when the players return to Manchester United in the summer for pre-season training .
They have a contract until the end of next season with the Old Trafford outfit .
Two men charged with the murder of a Horsham man have appeared in court .
Anthony Williams , aged 37 , was found dead at a flat in Park Way , Horsham , with stab wounds on September 19 last year .
Nicholas Bridge , 18 , from Brixton , London , and Daniel Omofeghare , 20 , of no fixed abode , appeared at Lewes Crown Court on Tuesday May 29 .
Bridge and Omofeghare both pleaded not guilty to the charge of murder of the Horsham father .
The trial was due to continue yesterday and the prosecution case is expected to last until June 4 and will be followed by defence and summing up .
The trial continues .
TONASKET – Tonasket City Council members approved a budget amendment to include city pool wages at their regular meeting Tuesday , May 22 .
Lifeguards will earn $ 11 ...
The past , present , and future of Kendrick Lamar
By Jessica Berget , Staff Writer
4/5
“ Is it wickedness ? Is it weakness ? You decide . ”
On April 14 , Compton 's human sacrifice , poet , and artist , Kendrick Lamar , released their fourth and most ambitious album to date : DAMN . Fraught with experimental beats , melodious rhythms , and exhilarating lyrics , DAMN . is a musical joyride , even though it contains a shorter tracklist than their previous discographies . The album name and track list is presented in all caps , illustrating the power and significance each song has to the album . Lamar 's skillful storytelling and poetic symbolism will make it a challenge to stop yourself from repeating the title of the album the entire time you listen to it .
The album is symbolic and blunt , emotional and numbing ; it is a contradiction of itself , yet the songs work together harmoniously . The first half of DAMN . is dark and aggressive , almost angry . Recurring themes of racism , police brutality , and social inequalities appear frequently in their albums , but never in such a bitter and tired way as they do in DAMN . On the front cover of their album they look drained—weary even—by the ways of the world .
The first song on the album is “ BLOOD , ” a stoic account of a woman looking for help , which ends in the death of the song 's main character , Lamar himself . The song takes a political turn however , with a sound clip of Fox News reporters critiquing Lamar 's lyrics in the song “ Alright ” from their previous album To Pimp a Butterfly . “ And we hate the po-po , wan na kill us in the street , fo-sho. ” “ Ugh , I do n't like it. ” Lamar 's response is quickly showcased as the first track fades out and the second track “ DNA ” opens with a righteous “ I got , I got , I got , I got loyalty got royalty inside my DNA . ”
The second half of the album delves deeper into religious and political themes , and it consists of aggressively symbolic notions of evil , freedom , and Lamar 's experiences as a Black man living in America . The Lamar and U2 collaboration “ XXX ” is a concrete example of this . In the beginning of the track , Lamar describes the moral ambiguity and the duality of man . “ Throw a steak off the ark to a pool full of sharks , he 'll take it , ” suggesting even the most innocent of people can do evil in certain circumstances . Following this is an anecdote of Lamar 's friend calling them drunk and belligerent because their only son was killed , to which Lamar responds with a message of revenge .
Lamar then takes on a more philosophical tone , and even goes on to question their own mortality in the next song “ FEAR . ”
“ When I was 27 I grew accustomed to more fear. ” As Lamar 's albums progress—and the older they become—he begins to realize the mortality of their own life and discusses how close they are to death at any moment . “ I 'll probably die anonymous , I 'll probably die with promises. ” They list the various ways and reasons they have been berated by their mother and the constant anxieties that surround him , followed by a chilling metaphor : “ If I could smoke fear away , I 'd roll that motherfucker up , then I 'd take two puffs . ”
Kendrick Lamar is at the peak of their musical career , and DAMN . is a testament to that . Every new album they release is more powerful and more extraordinary than the one that came before .
For Kendrick Lamar , the only direction to go is up , and that 's exactly where he 's headed . Their DAMN . album and tour will be sure to illustrate the strengths of Lamar—not only as an rapper but as an artist and a performer . Their future albums will only become better and better and I , like many of their fans , am excited to see what Lamar has planned for the future .
On Wednesday , Sept. 21 , the Coalition for Sustainable Transportation ( COAST ) will host a local walk in the Eastside .
The event is part of COAST 's latest project , Eastside Walks , where COAST is working with the Eastside community to make the neighborhood a safer place to walk .
COAST will meet at 10 a.m. in front of the Eastside Library and will lead local officials around the neighborhood . The walk will end up back at the library about 11 a.m .
The Eastside of Santa Barbara has an especially high number of traffic and pedestrian injuries , and speeding down Salinas Road has gotten to be a big problem for residents . In fact , the California Office of Traffic Safety has ranked Santa Barbara as No . 2 for total fatalities and injuries involving pedestrians , No . 4 for pedestrian injuries and fatalities for ages 1 to 14 , and No . 4 for total crashes involving alcohol ( all for a city of its size — 50,001 to 100,000 ) .
In addition , lack of lighting , unpaved crosswalks and dangerous speeding of cars make it especially dangerous for residents to walk around .
COAST is working with the community to encourage residents to speak up for their needs . This upcoming walk is one of those opportunities . Sarah Grant , the mobility coordinator for the City of Santa Barbara , as well as a representative for Rep. Lois Capps , D-Santa Barbara , will be there to walk with residents around their neighborhood .
If you live on the Eastside and have issues you 'd like to bring up , this is the best way to voice your concerns directly to your local government , by taking them on a tour of the things you 'd like to change . If you would like to help , contact Caitlin Carlson of COAST at . ( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address ) or call community organizer Ana Rico at 805.331.9235 for more information or for other ways you can help .
We need your support , your ideas , your voice !
— Caitlin Carlson is a project director for COAST .
Comanche tribal members seeking to shake up leadership are asked to stop by the Lawton Public Library to add their names to recall petitions .
Tribal member Eleanor McDaniel will be taking signatures on five separate Comanche tribal petitions , as well as a protest petition directed to the Bureau of Indian Affairs ( BIA ) . The drive will be from 2-7 p.m. today at the boardroom of the library , 110 SW 4th . Tribal members are asked to provide tribal identification .
The goal is to gain 200 certified signatures of eligible tribal voters to call for special tribal council meetings to hear the issues .
The purpose of the first Comanche tribal petition , according to McDaniel , is to call a special tribal council meeting to vote to reinstate the entire elected Election Board and that the ruling of the Election Board to conduct a runoff election be upheld . It also asks that the election results shall not be recognized and all tribal business conducted since September `` be deemed null and void . ''
Toyota recalls fleet of ‘ ultimate eco-car ' fuel cell vehicles
Financial Times
Already a subscriber ? Sign in here
Nothing much has changed for newly confirmed Wellington Phoenix co-coaches Des Buckingham and Chris Greenacre .
The pair took over on an interim basis from Ernie Merrick following their resignation early last month , and have since guided the Phoenix to three draws and a win .
Their appointment on Monday for the remainder of the A-League season gives both coaches and players a little more certainty , but Buckingham says little will change when it comes to goal-setting .
`` It 's still top four , '' they said .
`` We set out at the start of the season to finish within the top two . With the exception of Sydney and Melbourne Victory , who have consistently put results together , anyone in this league can beat anyone .
`` We 're definitely still in the mix for top four - we 're still two points off fifth with a game in hand . We 're scoring goals , we 've kept two clean sheets in the last four games and we 're in a good space to kick on now . ''
Under Football Federation Australia regulations Buckingham , who holds a Pro Licence , will be head coach .
Greenacre , a former Manchester City and Tranmere Rovers striker who scored 17 goals in three seasons with the Phoenix , has an A Licence and will be co-coach .
Buckingham said the permanent appointment meant they and Greenacre could take a long-term view instead of operating on a week-by-week basis .
`` We 've now got the next 17 weeks in the lead-up into finals to sit down with everyone on the same page , and we 've got the time to implement the plan we want . ''
Phoenix general manager David Dome said the pair had presented a `` very thorough '' plan to the board before Wellington 's 2-2 draw with Western Sydney Wanderers two weeks ago .
`` They presented quite a different strategy to Ernie , building on a lot of the good work he 'd put in place , '' they said .
`` We 're now seeing what they 're bringing to the team in terms of new strategies , and looking further than that in terms of recruitment for next year and setting ourselves up into next season . ''
Dome said it was imperative that the Phoenix make the A-League finals this year , which meant a top-six finish at the very least .
`` We 're still targeting the top four , and we think Chris and Des can deliver that . ''
Wellington , who fought out a dour scoreless draw with defending champions Adelaide United on Sunday , sit eighth on the ladder , two points astray of fifth-placed Perth Glory .
Dome would n't look further ahead than the end of the season , but said Buckingham and Greenacre had the chance to secure the position long-term .
BACOLOD CITY : Negros Occidental Gov . Alfredo Marañon Jr. , has moved for the dismissal of two complaints against them before the Office of the Ombudsman ( Visayas ) , calling it “ patently baseless and unfounded. ” Maranon filed their counter-affidavit dated April 7 over the case involving the Negros First Ranch in Murcia town for alleged violation of Republic Act 3019 or the Anti-graft and Corrupt Practices Act , and dishonesty and grave misconduct . They claimed the purchase of the three lots mentioned by the complainant which are now the site of Negros First Ranch “ was legal in accordance with law. ” The Office of the Ombudsman-Visayas , said “ the cases will undergo administrative adjudication and preliminary investigation. ” The charges stemmed from a fact-finding investigation over the purchase of around 150 hectares of lot in the villages of Santa Rosa and Canlandog in Murcia from the heirs of the Arguelles family in March 2012 . Marañon has repeatedly lobbied to have the land excluded from the Comprehensive Agrarian Reform Program but failed .
Friday , 06 October 2017
On 3News at 5.30 this evening - investigation launched after drain cleaning fluid was used on patients at a County Clare dental surgery .
In a major ruling on Irish defamation law the European Court of Human Rights ( ECHR ) in Strasbourg has upheld the appeal by Independent Newspapers against a €1.2 million award in the Monica Leech case .
The court found the safeguards in Irish law against disproportionate awards meant that even a reduced award in the Supreme Court from the original €1.8 million , violated the Independent 's right to freedom of speech . The Supreme Court will now have to reassess its award .
Judgment was given by a chamber of seven judges .
Ms Leech took defamation proceedings against the then Evening Herald over a series of 11 articles in November and December 2004 which falsely suggested that they had been awarded government PR contracts because of an alleged extra-marital relationship with then minister Martin Cullen .
The high court jury hearing the case found in 2009 that the newspaper had indeed defamed them and caused them both serious reputational and financial damage .
‘ Chilling effect '
It awarded Ms Leech €1,872,000 in damages plus costs - at the time the highest ever libel award in Ireland .
Following an appeal , the Supreme Court lowered the amount of damages to €1,250,000 in 2014 .
Independent Newspapers challenged the reduced award in the ECHR claiming that its scale nevertheless constituted a “ serious chilling effect ” on freedom of expression and as such violated its rights under the freedom of speech provisions of Article 10 of the European Convention on Human Rights .
The group claimed that defamation law and practice in Ireland is incompatible with Article 10 in that it fails to provide “ adequate and effective safeguards against disproportionate awards in defamation actions ” .
Unreasonably high damages for defamation claims can have a chilling effect on freedom of expression , and therefore there must be adequate domestic safeguards so as to avoid disproportionate awards being granted . The ECHR found that the safeguards had not proved effective in this case .
At first instance , this was because domestic law prevented the judge from giving the jury sufficiently specific instructions about an appropriate amount of damages for the libel .
Strict limits
On appeal , although the award had been overturned and replaced with a lower amount after a fresh assessment , the Supreme Court had not given sufficient explanations as to how the new amount had been calculated , and it had not addressed the domestic safeguard at first instance and , in that context , the strict limits on judicial guidance to juries .
Ireland 's juries have the right in defamation actions to award almost limitless amounts in damages making the country ' ‘ s defamation regime the most expensive and , media groups argue , oppressive in Europe .
The issue is central to their current lobbying to get the Defamation Act 2009 radically reviewed by the Government – a review required by the Act is currently under way by in the Department of Justice .
A survey in Ireland by the national newspapers ' representative body , NewsBrands , estimates legal costs associated with defamation for 2010-2015 for its members at in excess of €27.5 million ( awards , settlements , and both plaintiff and own legal costs ) .
Ceiling
English case law , on the other hand , makes clear that juries can be reminded of the purchasing power of given sums or offered comparisons with awards in other defamation cases . In a 2002 judgment a ceiling of £200,000 was set for damages for the most serious type of defamation in England and Wales . In Ireland the payout to Ms Leech is also streets ahead of awards made in personal injury cases . there is a conventional limit of about €450,000 on the most serious cases of paraplegia , for example .
Article 10 of the Convention has been previously interpreted by the ECHR as limiting the scale of damage awards to protect free speech and so that they bear some relation to the damage caused ( Tolstoy Miloslavsky v UK ) .
Bob Fisher
DES MOINES — Fireworks will continue to be banned on the state capitol grounds in Des Moines .
Earlier this year , legislature voted to let Iowans buy and set off consumer-grade fireworks to celebrate around the 4th of July and at year 's end , but the director of the Iowa Department of Administrative Services has decided to retain the ban on bottle rockets , smoke bombs and other kinds of fireworks from the capitol grounds .
“ If someone is injured on state grounds shooting fireworks , it definitely exposes the state to some liability , ” Dave Heuton , the agency 's deputy director , told reporters for Radio Iowa and The Des Moines Register . “ It 's definitely a fire hazard…Then , just in general , the public safety issue . ”
In addition to the capitol building itself , a number of state-owned buildings as well as parking lots and a parking ramp occupy several blocks in the City of Des Moines . Heuton said fireworks have never been allowed in those spaces .
“ Nor has an open flame or any of those things that could cause damage to property owned by the taxpayer , ” Heuton said .
The ban on fireworks is included in new operating rules for the “ capitol complex ” that were approved by the legislature 's Administrative Rules Review Committee this afternoon . The new rules , as expected , also allow pistols and revolvers to be carried inside the state capitol building by people who have a permit to carry a concealed weapon . However , guns will not be allowed inside the nearby State Historical Building or other state office buildings .
“ The determination was made that the capitol building was the legislature 's intent , that only the capitol building would be covered by that law , ” Heuton said .
The new state gun law that then-Governor Branstad approved in mid-April included a stipulation that guns be allowed inside the capitol . The new operating rules also will allow people with a concealed weapon permit to carry their pistol or revolver in the designated parking areas around the capitol building .
Highways England have revealed their plans for £300 million of improvements to the A47 between Norwich and Peterborough .
Their preferred route changes include dualling two stretches of the road in Norfolk , between Blofield and North Burlingham and North Tuddenham and Easton .
A `` dust delay '' interrupted a Little League baseball game in Illinois .
A local firefighter captured video of swirling wind creating a mini-tornado called a `` dust devil '' during the May 26 game in Libertyville , northwest of Chicago .
It was n't strong enough to chase players from the diamond or send fans running for cover .
More than $ 1.3 million was spent on methamphetamine testing , decontamination and remediation of Tauranga and Western Bay of Plenty state houses in 12 months .
During the same period , just $ 3000 was spent on mould treatment in Housing New Zealand homes in those areas .
Tommy Kapai Wilson , director of Te Tuinga Whanau – Support Services Trust , said the latest figures , released to the Bay of Plenty Times under the Official Information Act , were `` scandalous '' and `` sad '' .
Read more : Standards NZ 'happy to engage ' on meth change debate : chief
Advertisement
Wilson 's comments come in the wake of a Government-commissioned report , released this week , which found there was no evidence that third-hand exposure to methamphetamine smoking residue on household surfaces causes adverse health effects .
The report was produced by the Prime Minister 's chief science adviser , Professor Sir Peter Gluckman , who said people were more at risk from mould in their home than they were from meth contamination .
`` In terms of the housing estate , mould is far more dangerous than meth . ''
Wilson said they had raised concerns about the `` discrepancy '' between money spent on mould and meth for at least two years .
`` One is very real – we see it all the time – and the other has just been a whole lot of hype by people who stand to benefit .
`` We have our houses all tested [ for meth ] and we have n't had a problem with any of them and I 've been raising this for at least two years now – that I was more concerned about the dampness and the mould . ''
They hoped the new report and testing level would `` release a whole lot of houses that we need now '' .
Tommy Kapai Wilson , director of Te Tuinga Whanau - Support Services Trust . Photo / File
Housing New Zealand spent $ 1,320,351 on methamphetamine testing , decontamination and remediation and $ 3022 on mould treatment in the 2016/17 financial year in Tauranga and the Western Bay .
The money was spent after the transfer of 1138 Housing New Zealand properties to Accessible Properties in early April 2016 .
There are now 191 Housing New Zealand-managed properties in Tauranga , four of which are vacant , and six properties in the Western Bay .
The Bay of Plenty Times asked Housing New Zealand about the differences in the amount of spending on meth and mould .
Andrew McKenzie , chief executive of Housing New Zealand , said their organisation spent hundreds of millions of dollars maintaining and improving its properties for the health and safety of its tenants and their families .
`` This includes painting , additional ventilation , heating , carpets , curtains and other measures designed to keep our homes warm and dry . ''
In 2017/2018 , Housing New Zealand intended to spend about $ 500 million on maintenance and upgrades in its properties across the country , according to the OIA .
McKenzie said Housing New Zealand had immediately adopted the new recommended meth testing standards and was working promptly to release more than 240 homes back into the letting pool .
They could not confirm how many local houses would be made available .
In an earlier statement , McKenzie said Housing New Zealand 's position on meth testing and decontamination was that it works to the guidelines and advice set by experts in the field .
It was now acting on the `` robust scientific findings and recommendations '' set out in the new report .
In its OIA response , Housing New Zealand said issues with mould could be a result of tenant behaviour , `` such as failing to ventilate a property , rather than the condition of the building itself causing the mould '' .
It said all its tenants were provided with information about how they could prevent mould in their home .
Housing New Zealand also said : `` It is important to note that the testing and remediation process for methamphetamine , asbestos , and mould vary from one another , and any associated costs should not be compared . ''
The Gluckman report found meth levels that exceed the current standard of 1.5mcg/100sq cm should not signal a health risk and exposure 10 times higher ( 15mcg/100sq cm ) would also be unlikely to have any adverse effects .
The report found remediation in most cases was needed only in homes that had been former clan labs producing the drugs and where meth had been heavily used .
Prof Gluckman said they could not see the point of testing , unless police or forensic staff suspected it had been a place of synthesis .
Greg Orchard , chief executive of Accessible Properties , said the new report and recommendations for testing and remediation were helpful .
`` Our response to date and the level of remediation undertaken are part of agreement when we purchased the Tauranga portfolio from the Crown and are therefore covered by Housing New Zealand .
`` We have tested all of the properties we purchased and expect to complete our remediation of these by September this year . ''
They said Accessible Properties aimed to utilise the best advice and evidence available when undertaking its work and so would use the new findings and recommendations to revise its policies and practice .
More than 200 people waiting for state houses
There are 211 people in Tauranga and 42 in the Western Bay on the Ministry of Social Development 's Housing Register .
The Housing Register represents applicants not currently in public housing who have been assessed as eligible for public housing , and who are ready to be matched to a suitable property .
Source : Ministry of Social Development – as at March 31 , 2018
The French group Vinci is to buy Belfast International Airport as part of a deal to acquire nine airports and three management contracts in the United States , Costa Rica , Northern Ireland and Sweden .
The financial terms of the deal , which is expected to close later this year , have not yet been disclosed but it will boost the French group 's global airport portfolio to 45 airports in 11 countries across three continents .
Belfast International Airport ( BIA ) is the largest airport in the North , last year overall passenger numbers jumped to 5.84 million with 600,000 of those passengers coming from the Republic to travel from Belfast .
Airport bosses said there had been “ a significant increase ” in the number of people resident in the Republic choosing to fly from the North thanks to the “ competitive edge ” that the euro has enjoyed over a weak pound .
BIA had previously been owned by Omers Infrastructure who had purchased the airport in 2013 from the Spanish organisation Abertis as part of a €284 deal for airport assets in Northern Ireland , Sweden and the United States .
Vinci said on Tuesday that the major acquisition represented a strategic move into the USA , which it described as “ the world 's largest air transport market ” , and said it would also help to expand its presence in Europe and South America .
As well as a 100 per cent stake in the airport , Vinci will have a 90.1 per cent stake in Skavsta Airport in Sweden and various holdings in three airports under concession – Orlando-Sanford International Airport , Juan Santamaria International Airport in San José and Daniel Oduber Quiros International Airport in Liberia .
It will also operate management contracts in Hollywood Burbank Airport , Ontario International Airport , Macon Downtown Airport and Middle Georgia Regional Airport . It will also run several partial management contracts in other US airports .
Vinci said the acquisition from Omers is likely to increase the number of passengers that uses its airports by 25.6 million to more than 182 million per year .
Guptill 's gone again ! Black Caps opener felled by another hamstring injury , set to miss T20 , first two ODIs against Proteas
The strain is unrelated to the one that caused them to miss the final ODI against Australia last month .
Sue Schaffrick ( left ) found missing Yorkie/Shih Tzu mix , Mia , walking along the road on Monday morning . On Sunday morning Hazel Ellis ( right ) had their vehicle stolen from a gas station and Mia was inside the car . Submitted photo
After a sleepless night , Hazel Ellis has been reunited with their best friend Mia , a Yorkie/Shih Tzu mix that was inside their vehicle when it was stolen on Sunday morning .
Sue Schaffrick was out for their morning walk when they spotted Mia and picked them up . They handed Mia over to Ellis on Monday around 8:30 a.m .
“ I went in Sue 's store , Oliver Shoes , and saw Mia in their arms . I just freaked out . We were all crying and laughing , ” said Ellis . “ Oh , I was just so happy . I started crying right away . ”
Ellis , who delivers newspapers in the region , had their black Honda CRV ( licence plate 058 MBX ) stolen from an Oliver gas station early Sunday morning . Inside was their wallet , Christmas presents and their most valuable item — Mia , their faithful companion for the past 11 years .
“ It totally broke my heart . I was so upset and just wanted them back so bad . There are n't any leads on my missing car , but it 's all just stuff . Mia is more than that . I was thinking what a terrible Christmas it would be without my dog . I did n't even want to be in my house because everywhere I looked was something of Mia 's , ” said Ellis .
And , as if on cue , Mia was letting out little barks in the background as Ellis spoke on the phone with the Western News .
“ It seems like they are n't hurt or anything . However , I think they were around smokers because I can smell it in their hair , ” said Ellis .
Ellis said they are n't ever going to let their eyes of their dog again .
“ She is such a sweetheart . Everyone loves them They leave their Christmas presents and love notes . I 'm going to hold them tight for a long time . ”
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
A black Honda CRV was stolen from the Oliver Chevron early Sunday morning and the owners dog was inside .
Grace Van Hove said at approximately 5:45 a.m. the vehicle , a 2001 black Honda CRV with licence plate 058 MBX , was stolen . Inside was the owners dog , a black Yorki/Shih Tzu mix . The dog is described as being approximately 11 pounds and was wearing a red sweater with word ‘ security ' written on the back in white . The dog did not have a collar on and answers to the name Mia .
Van Hove said the phone belonging to the owner of the vehicle was also inside the vehicle .
Anyone with information can contact the Oliver RCMP detachment at 250-498-3422 .
Live updates : State of emergency as Christchurch Port Hills fire worsens , prompts more evacuations
Find the latest updates as soon as they come to hand in one place here , as 1 NEWS provides rolling updates of important information .
In this July 3 , 2018 , image taken from video provided by the Thai Navy Seal , Thai boys are with Navy SEALs inside the cave , Mae Sai , northern Thailand . With heavy rains forecast to worsen flooding in a cave in northern Thailand where 12 boys and their soccer coach are waiting to be extracted by rescuers , authorities say they might be forced to have them swim out through a narrow , underwater passage . The 13 are described as healthy and being looked after by medics inside the cave . ( Thai Navy Seal via AP )
'We ca n't do it alone ' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori .
It 's multicultural
Singapore is a true melting pot . There are even four official languages ( English , Mandarin , Tamil , and Malayu ) . You can find little influences of so many different cultures in every aspect of Singapore , whether that be the architecture or the food .
You can DEFINITELY find luxury
Singapore is luxurious . Marina Bay Sands and Raffles are some iconic hotels to stay at , and you can experience some incredibly fine dining in the Little Red Dot . If you 're looking to have a luxury vacation , look no further .
There 's a neighbourhood for everyone
Whatever mood you 're feeling , there 's a neighbourhood for it ! Singapore 's neighbourhoods are all very different . Want to cafe hop ? Go to Tiong Bahru . Looking for some great food ? Chinatown or Little India . My favourite ? Kampong Glam .
The food
Oh MAN , does Singapore know how to do food the right way . Singaporean food is the pride of Singapore ! It 's a mix of Chinese , Malay , Indonesian , and Indian food , with influences from Thailand and the rest of Southeast Asia . It is AMAZING .
I mean… .
It 's Summer all year round
Singapore is HOT and HUMID . It 's always a good day for a dip in the pool . There 's always 12 hours of sunlight . The shortest day of the year and the longest day of the year only have a difference in the amount of sunlight of fewer than 20 minutes .
The nightlife
While going to a pub and/or a club in Singapore might be pricey , you 'll have a great time . Head out to Clarke Quay if you 're looking for bars and clubs , and Boat Quay if you 're looking for some good bars .
It 's safe
Singapore is SO safe , which makes it a great place for solo female travellers !
You 'll always be near greenery
No matter where you are in Singapore , you 'll always be near greenery . The city is n't just full of skyscrapers ; there are forests , parks , and lots of plants !
It 's the gateway to the rest of Asia
Changi Airport is my favourite airport ever . You can go to the butterfly garden , catch a movie , eat amazing food , or go shopping ! Changi is consistently rated # 1 airport in the world , and for good reason ! And with reasonable flights to the rest of Asia , you 'll definitely get to see it !
Heading to Singapore ? Here 's my ULTIMATE Guide to Singapore and my Singapore Bucket List .
Like this post ? Pin it !
Author of Daring to Hope , Katie Davis Majors gave up college and moved to Uganda at the age of 18 and started what would become a thriving organization .
View the video now
from cbn.com
facebook comments :
By Jason Keidel
The Dallas Cowboys and Green Bay Packers have felt historically fused for about 60 years . And , oddly enough , it started in New York City .
For those who do n't obsess over NFL history , Tom Landry and Vince Lombardi were once assistant coaches for the New York Giants . And , through some act of epic ineptitude , the Giants hired neither as its head coach .
Landry became the Cowboys ' patriarch , while Lombardi became a football deity in Green Bay . Both clubs flourished while the Giants sunk into a 20-year funk . Ever since then , the Cowboys and Packers have played some of the most iconic games in NFL history , from the Ice Bowl to the spellbinding playoff game in Dallas last January , which the Packers won on a last-second field goal .
> > WATCH : The NFL on CBS All Access – Try It Free
The Cowboys and Packers have given the NFL a sprawling reel of essential highlights and a roll call of Hall-of-Famers . And so it 's no wonder that their meeting in Dallas on Sunday is all but the stand-alone game of the week .
The Packers ( 3-1 ) are pretty much where we expect them , around the rungs of contention , sure to either win the NFC North or at least make the playoffs as a wild card . The Cowboys ( 2-2 ) shocked the football world last year , with their breakout rookie tandem of Dak Prescott and Ezekiel Elliott , going 13-3 in 2016 . And though they were expected to be much the same this year , it has n't stuck to script just yet .
With all due respect to Clay Mathews , Jordy Nelson , and the few stars who freckle the roster , the Packers are a bunch of guys and Aaron Rodgers . Injuries have so plagued the Packers that they have lost their top five offensive tackles , have a revolving door at running back and , more than ever , are relying on Rodgers ' singular wizardry to win them games .
And it 's becoming more common to echo what I 've asserted for a few years — Tom Brady , great as they are and clearly the most accomplished QB of all time , is not the best QB of all time . That would be Aaron Rodgers . Even Shannon Sharpe recently joined the growing chorus , declaring that No . 12 is the best thrower of the football who has ever lived .
> > MORE : Commentary from CBS Local Sports Voices
But since we assign championships — the ultimate team accomplishment — to individual players , we see Super Bowls as the only metric for QB merit . Give Aaron Rodgers the Cowboys ' offensive line and Zeke Elliott , and watch what happens .
If the Cowboys had the identical offensive line , of course . They still have a plethora of Pro Bowl linemen . But the injury , free agent , and retirement bugs have wide wings , from Wisconsin and Texas . The Cowboys are n't quite the same dominant club without two linemen — Ronald Leary , who signed with the Denver Broncos , and Doug Free , who retired .
Indeed , the Cowboys were the emblem of offensive balance last year . Though they led the league in rushing last year , it was flawlessly blended , running the ball on 48.7 percent of their snaps . They were sixth in yards per drive in 2016 , as well as fourth in points per drive , But in 2017 , they are 15th and 17th , respectively . Considering they have the same skill-position players , the answers or explanations can directly be derived from the line .
And it speaks to a staggering difference in scoring differential . Last year , the Cowboys outscored their opponents by 115 points , third-best in the NFL , behind only the two Super Bowl clubs ( Patriots , Falcons ) . This year , they 've scored 94 points while surrendering 97 .
On defense , the Cowboys rank 20th against the pass — surrendering 231.6 yards per game — which does n't bode well with Mr. Rodgers strolling into town , injuries or not . So Dallas must rely on their two strengths . First , feed the ball incessantly to Elliott , and then get to Rodgers . Despite their poor pass defense , Dallas does have 12 sacks , tied for third most in the NFL .
And they should be fueled by two emotional factors . They are at home , before their frothing fans . And considering their loss at home to the Packers in the playoffs last year , they should play with a serious sense of payback .
Defense travels well , and the Packers are fifth against the pass ( 188.5 yards per game ) , though only 14th against the run ( 111.1 yards per game ) . So the Cowboys should find some space on the ground . What also travels well is having a quarterback with the best arm , feet , and awareness on the planet . If this game feels like it 's framed as the Cowboys vs Aaron Rodgers , it 's not exactly fair or right . But it 's not unreasonable . Feels like last year , when Aaron Rodgers pretty much beat the ‘ Boys by himself , with a few boots from Mason Crosby .
Either way , while it 's not the only game this week , it is the game of the week .
Jason writes a weekly column for CBS Local Sports . They are a native New Yorker , sans the elitist sensibilities , and believes there 's a world west of the Hudson River . A Yankees devotee and Steelers groupie , they have been scouring the forest of fertile NYC sports sections since the 1970s . They have written over 500 columns for WFAN/CBS NY , and also worked as a freelance writer for Sports Illustrated and Newsday subsidiary amNew York . They made their bones as a boxing writer , occasionally covering fights in Las Vegas , Atlantic City , but mostly inside Madison Square Garden . Follow them on Twitter @ JasonKeidel .
A federal judge in Las Vegas on Friday will consider a motion to delay the start of next week 's high profile trial of Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy and their militia associates .
In two motions filed by one of the defendants in the 2014 Bunkerville armed standoff this week , the court-appointed attorneys for militia sympathizer Ryan Payne argue that the trial should be delayed in light of Sunday 's shooting rampage in Las Vegas at a country music concert that left 59 dead and almost 500 injured . They write : `` It is clear that this unprecedented act of violence will prevent the defendants from having a fair trial in this city one week from now . ''
The second amendment and gun ownership as a form of protest more broadly has featured prominently in the federal government 's cases against Cliven Bundy and the 18 other men accused of leading an armed standoff with federal agents near Bundy 's ranch in 2014 .
Cliven Bundy has refused to pay more than a million dollars in grazing fees to the federal government because they say they do n't recognize the government 's ownership of public lands .
Payne , who was present at the standoff and also pleaded guilty for their role in the 2016-armed occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Oregon , is asking Judge Gloria Navarro for a delay until the end of this month or move the trial to Reno . In the motion , their attorneys argue that Sunday 's shooting has already prompted a broader discussion about guns `` with much negative attention focused on a perceived laxity of gun laws and on persons who choose to bear and carry high-powered firearms , which is legal in Nevada . ''
Among other things , prosecutors in the upcoming trial will argue that the militia men were brandishing guns during the standoff , posing a clear threat to Bureau of Land Management agents who had come to round up Cliven Bundy 's cattle that were grazing illegally . The Bundys and their sympathizers have maintained they were exercising their Second Amendment rights as a form of protest .
Ian Bartrum , law professor at the University of Nevada Las Vegas , says Payne 's motion is consistent with the defense strategy in earlier trials about the standoff , and in the Oregon case , relying on jurors who sympathize with the men 's attitudes toward the federal government and perceived federal overreach .
`` I ca n't imagine they 'd want to pick that jury or go to trial now , '' Bartrum says .
Even though jurors will be chosen from a broad pool across southern Nevada , it 's a good bet that most will hail from the Las Vegas metropolitan area , a community that 's still grieving from one of the deadliest mass shootings in American history .
Still , that has n't seemed to have deterred the most high profile defendant in the case , Cliven Bundy himself , who in a new twist filed an objection to Payne 's motion on Wednesday . In a separate court filing , their attorney Bret Whipple writes that Bundy continues to demand a speedy trial : `` which has been denied for more than a year . '' Cliven Bundy was arrested in Oregon in February 2016 and has been detained in Nevada awaiting trial since .
The judge is expected to rule from the bench Friday on whether the trial will be delayed . If it 's not , jury selection begins in Las Vegas Tuesday morning .
Filipino Arthur Craign Pantino and Kazakh partner Beibit Zhukayev reached the semifinals of the 1st Perlis International Tennis Federation ( ITF ) Junior Championship boys ' doubles being held at the Tuanku Syed Putra Tennis Complex hard court in Kangar , Perlis in Malaysia .
Advertisements
The top-seeded pair of Pantino and Zhukayev needed less than an hour to oust the six-ranked tandem of Dylan Heap of New Zealand and Zhao Run Yu of China , 6-4 , 6-0 , in their quarterfinal match .
Pantino and Zhukayev arranged a Final Four meeting with fourth picks Taiwanese Lin Han-Chih and Wang Cheng-Chieh , a 7-6 ( 2 ) , 6-4 winner over unheralded Malaysian duo Danial Ahmad Farid and Shamirul Shahril Mohd Adam Das .
Earlier , Pantino and Zhukayev trounced Filipino Michael Francis Eala and Marlon Magkoutas of Sweden in the second round , 6-1 , 6-0 . They had an opening-round bye .
Playing in the other semifinal pairing are seventh seeds Christian Didier Chin and Naufal Siddiq Kamaruzzaman of Malaysia , and eighth seeds Herman Hoeyeraal of Norway and Rikard Raad of Sweden , who stunned their respective fancied foes .
Chin and Kamaruzzaman shocked second picks Ki Lung Ng of Hong Kong and Zhou Xinmu of China , 7-5 , 7-6 ( 1 ) , while Hoeyeraal and Raad survived No . 3 Kim Dong Ju of South Korea and Lu Pengyu of China via a thrilling 7-6 ( 2 ) , 6-7 ( 2 ) , 10-3 decision .
In singles , Pantino earned a first-round bye then beat Hiroki Fujita of Japan in the second round , 7-6 ( 4 ) , 6-1 , and Zhao Run of China in the third round , 6-3 , 6-3 , before losing to Kim Ju of South Korea , 4-6 , 3-6 .
Josh Magennis has urged Northern Ireland to finish their World Cup qualification campaign in style to ensure they make the play-offs as one of the seeded sides .
Thursday 's 3-1 loss to Germany has not diverted Northern eland off their route to Russia , with second spot already guaranteed and one of the eight play-off places still possible even if they do not pick up another point .
They will be assured of a two-legged November tie prior to meeting Norway on Sunday if both Bosnia and Herzegovina and Greece fail to win 24 hours earlier .
However , there will still be plenty riding on the trip to Oslo regardless , as the play-off draw is seeded based on world rankings and Northern Ireland currently reside around the cut-off point between those who would be seeded and those would not .
That distinction could be the difference between facing Portugal and Italy or avoiding them and Magennis has called on Michael O'Neill 's side to do all they can to enhance their ranking .
“ The seeding is what we want , ” they said after scoring the consolation late on against the Germans .
“ To be seeded would n't give us an easier game but we could go into the game on the front foot because we have been recognised as one of the top four teams out of eight in the play-offs .
“ Obviously with the ranking we have we are in a good position but hopefully if we get the good result we desperately want in Oslo then we should have a great chance of claiming a seeding .
“ It 's so important because we could miss some of the big hitters and with us being so resilient away from home and strong at Windsor with the fantastic fans behind us we should have a big chance , if we make it to the play-offs .
“ We are more than confident going into Oslo despite this defeat . ”
Goal-difference could be another factor in a race for the play-offs that remains murky heading into the final throes of the qualification campaign .
Northern Ireland 's proud record of having only conceded to the Germans in these qualifiers means they boast a healthy goal difference of +5 - with results against the bottom-placed sides discounted in this particular mini-league .
“ It was important we went two down in the second half that we did n't capitulate because goal difference could play a huge part in making sure we reach the play-offs . I think we are now +5 in goal difference so we go into the Norway game with a healthy figure in that column .
“ This country , especially during the last two campaigns , is used to winning and we are looking forward to going to Norway and finishing this campaign with a victory .
“ We will go there and get the job done . ”
Alina Baum , 24 , from Germany dances as confetti sprinkles the crowd during the third day of the Ultra Music Festival in downtown Miami on Sunday , March 26 , 2017 . MATIAS J. OCNER For the Miami Herald
Intro
Southampton vs Swansea City
1st Half
Please be aware of pop-ads . These ads are not hosted by us !
Our guest on today 's Holy Smoke podcast is A.N . Wilson , author of a hugely admired biography of Queen Victoria and – as you 'll hear – the most mischievous intellectual in the land .
Cristina Odone and I started out by asking about Victoria 's vigorous ( and possibly whisky-fuelled ) persecution of Anglo-Catholics in the Church of England : the Queen lobbied hard for the legislation that sent several of them to jail for popish “ ritualism ” .
But that was just the beginning of Wilson 's hilarious whistlestop tour of the passions and prejudices of Queen Victoria . Topics discussed : Victoria 's surprising liberalism ( and indulgence towards actual Roman Catholics ) , the quasi-Victorian moralising of virtue-signalling students , the gentle but unswerving Protestantism of our own monarch…
And , right at the end , A.N . Wilson 's thoughts on the syncretistic horrors of the coronation service Prince Charles is planning – and the even ghastlier ceremony that would replace it should they die before succeeding their mother .
In other words : you ca n't miss this podcast . Here it is :
And do n't forget to subscribe on iTunes for more like this .
Market Highlights :
Digital camera produce digital image records cinematic image in digital appearance . Dissimilar to film photographs which relatively have enormous resolution , digital camera accumulate images digitally in a memory chip which is an alternative to recording them on the film . Once the photograph is taken it can be initialized to a computer system displayed on the screen and printed . Digital cameras shares optical structure , commonly using lens with a fluctuating diaphragm to spotlight on to an image pickup device . Many current devices are adequate to grab sound or video further to still images . The major influence of digital camera is that making photos economical and quick being there is no film processing . The biggest producer of the film Kodak refined photo CD format which has come to be de facto barometer for accumulating digital photograph .
The makers of digital cameras have a major challenge as sale of smartphone is continued to boom and frame digital camera market particularly fixed lens digital cameras . The shortfall of innovation has meant that customers are no longer inspired to buy new models . Makers are looking out for the next big thing in digital cameras , despite the market for digital camera is abstained .
The global Digital Cameras Market is presently formed by range of radical trends connected to lenses , photo accessories and other key features . The global market for digital cameras is anticipated to testify robust advancement ahead along with technological developments like touch screen and high definition ( HD ) quality cameras . The acceptance of digital single lens reflex cameras is additional the reason for overall market to speedily gain grip compared to analogous markets . It is likely that digital SLR cameras market will enormously grow due to growing inclination of individual towards photography . The factors such as collapsing prices , and intense competition among industry giants acts as a major restraining factors for the digital camera market .
The global digital camera market is predicted to reach ~5.1 billion by the year of 2022 and it is growing at CAGR of 7.1 % between the years 2016 to 2022 .
Request a Sample Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2316
Major Key Players :
Eastman Kodak company ( U.S. ) ,
koninklijke Philips N.V ( Netherlands ) ,
Pentax corporation ( Japan ) ,
Samsung group ( South Korea ) ,
Panasonic Corporation . ( JAPAN ) ,
OLYMPUS Corporation ( Japan ) ,
Fujifilm Holdings Corporation ( Japan ) , S
ONY Corporation.- ( Japan ) ,
Nikon Corporation ( Japan ) ,
Canon Inc. ( Japan )
Segments :
The Global Digital camera market has been segmented on the basis of product type , digital sensor type , application , components and geography . The product types of the digital camera market is segmented is on digital single lens reflex ( DSLR ) , bridge camera , compact digital cameras , digital rangefinders , built-in lens , non-reflex .
By digital sensor types market is segmented into CCD sensor , CMOS sensor , Foveon X3 sensor , Live MOS sensor . On the basis of components digital camera markets segmented in lenses , sensors , LCD screen , memory card and among others . Whereas , on the basis of application it is further classified as residential and commercial and on the basis of geography it has been segmented in North America , Europe , Asia pacific , and rest of the world .
Regional Analysis :
Makers of digital camera in countries such as India , china awaits to take hold of the money making growth and countries like the United States and European market testify mature conditions . North America had been dominant market in recent years . In the global digital camera market Europe , and the United states are foreseen to steal the honor from the other markets of the world .
With the broadening abundance of customers in Asia pacific , the market is presaged to have overkill demand for DSLR cameras , so that contribute to the comprehensive growth of the international market . Asia Pacific is the largest market for the digital cameras and also predicted to continue to grip the market .
The Latin American market is also predicted to become strong in coming years as the demand of the consumer is high for interchangeable lens and build in lens cameras .
Access Report Details @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/digital-camera-market-2316
Intended Audience
Component manufacturer
Camera manufacturer
Battery manufacturer
System integrators
Sensors manufacturer
About Market Research Future :
At Market Research Future ( MRFR ) , we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report ( CRR ) , Half-Cooked Research Reports ( HCRR ) , Raw Research Reports ( 3R ) , Continuous-Feed Research ( CFR ) , and Market Research & Consulting Services .
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients . Our market research studies by Components , Application , Logistics and market players for global , regional , and country level market segments , enable our clients to see more , know more , and do more , which help to answer all their most important questions .
Contact :
Market Research Future
Office No . 524/528 , Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road , Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra , India
+1 646 845 9312
Email : sales @ marketresearchfuture.com
Questions , Comments or News Stories Contact Owner/Publisher Jonathan Taylor 410-422-2948 Or email me at jtlesn @ comcast.net
Up to 100 people were evacuated in Piha tonight with flash flooding closing roads and putting homes at risk .
Police and fire crews evacuated people from homes around Glenesk , Seaview and Beach Valley Rds earlier this evening and took them to the nearby surf club or campground as a precaution .
Several members of a church youth group holidaying at a Piha campground were among those evacuated .
A woman who asked not to be named said the floodwaters came within a matter of just a few minutes after a flash of bad weather .
Advertisement
`` Not long after thunderstorms , we saw campground staff walking around outside looking across the grass - we thought they were looking for something .
`` All of a sudden we looked up to see all this water just flooding towards us . It was so fast - it carried down logs and just flashed the whole ground in about two minutes .
`` It just happened so fast , we literally just picked ourselves up and got out . ''
Gideon Hope , 16 , said they had just finished afternoon devotion when the waters started flooding into the hall they were in .
`` The water just came in , we could n't do anything about it .
`` It was a bit scary , '' they said .
Others said the water reached their ankles .
Later this evening a police spokesperson said the flooding looked to be receding and , if it continued to do so , police hoped to allow people back into their homes within a couple of hours .
Phil Wallis from the Piha Surf School said `` soaking wet , barefoot '' people were being let back into their homes at about 8pm .
They said the floodwaters had receded though there were still `` big pools of water '' around the street .
Wallis ' friends had water come through their garage and into a car .
They said they were in the water taking a lesson when the rain started .
`` It was horizontal . . . in almost 40 years here it 's the strongest rain in a short period I 've seen . You could n't see the beach .
`` Immediately the stream stuff started just pumping out brown water . ''
A nearby stream which usually did n't have any flowing water when there had been little rain transformed into a `` torrent '' .
`` It was almost a standing wave coming down the beach . ''
Earlier on , Fire and Emergency northern shift communications manager Scott Osmond said people were being evacuated from Glenesk Rd .
`` Five or six houses are at risk of flooding , so we 're evacuating as a precaution . ''
Osmond said water levels in a nearby creek were rising , due to the heavy rain .
The Piha Surf Lifesaving Club were among those to help following the flooding ; with members being called out to help residents whose vehicles had become stranded as a result of flooding waters .
A number of residents were brought back to the club for a short time , where they got to have a meal and a cup of tea before heading back home .
Club president Peter Brown said : `` We 've has flooding at Piha before , but not of this intensity .
`` It was just really a very short 30 minute huge amount of heavy rain . ''
Piha resident Bevan Hill said the local art gallery was flooded as well as the campground .
`` There 's a lot of people there saying they 've never seen anything like it before .
`` The river coming out on Piha beach is incredible . It 's like the Waikato River flowing out there . ''
Hill said there was `` water everywhere '' and they had water coming in their front door on Garden Rd earlier , but was now safe .
There were `` a lot of wet and soggy campers '' packing items into their cars , and a few tents had ended up underwater .
`` It all happened so quickly , too . ''
A worker at the Piha Surf Shop , which is elevated , said they could see `` a lot '' of water down below , following a sudden extreme period of heavy rain this afternoon .
`` The flooding is in the valley . My son said there is water over the road at the fire station and the road has been cut off . ''
The Piha Fire Station is on Seaview Rd , near Glenesk Rd .
Talking about the weather , the woman said they had had some warning just before conditions turned `` extreme '' .
Debbie Leigh from the Piha RSA said people were reporting cars drifting in the flood waters .
Wallis said friends of theirs had taken pictures of cars floating in floodwaters , with the water rising up to the sills inside the cars .
A number of people who were walking in the bush on Winstone Track off Piha Rd
called police at 5.15pm concerned they were trapped by rising river levels .
The group of approximately 20 people included people from various groups who
had been walking in the bush through the afternoon and banded together to get
out safely .
They have since found a safe route back out of the bush and were walking out towards Glenesk Rd .
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has announced they are scrapping the controversial 457 visa programs for skilled migrants as part of a bid to tackle unemployment .
The Prime Minister says jobs must go to Australians first , before businesses consider hiring foreign workers , according to news.com.au .
They said while Australia was multicultural , it needed to focus on local jobs .
`` We will no longer allow 457 visas to be passports to jobs that could and should go to Australians , '' Turnbull said in announcement via Facebook today .
`` We are an immigration nation , but the fact remains Australian workers must have priority for Australian jobs .
`` We 're abolishing 457 visas , the visas which bring temporary foreign workers into our country . ''
The program will be replaced by another visa program , with new restrictions .
`` It is important businesses still get access to the skills they need to grow and invest , so the 457 visa will be replaced by a new temporary visa , specifically designed to recruit the best and brightest in the national interest , '' Turnbull said .
The new visa would better target skills shortages and set new standards for English language proficiency .
Continued below .
Related Content John Drinnan : When does plain talk become hate speech ? Your Views : Readers Letters Man critically hurt in Pakuranga house
It would also introduce requirements for previous work experience and labour market testing before businesses could hire foreign workers .
The announcement comes after the Turnbull Government released new figures showing the number of 457 visas issued had dropped dramatically since Opposition leader Bill Shorten was responsible for the program 's oversight as Employment Minister in the Gillard government .
Turnbull also said a new training fund would be established , among other reforms .
The reforms would focus on `` Australian jobs and Australian values '' , they said .
The Government late last year announced it would review the number of occupations which were eligible for 457 visas , of which there were more than 600 .
What is a 457 visa ?
* The 457 visa program allows business to employ foreign workers for a period up to four years in skilled jobs where there is a shortage of Australian workers .
* The numbers are uncapped and there is no limit on the number of times they can travel in and out of Australia .
* Foreign workers can bring their families to work or study .
* Employers must apply to sponsor a 457 worker or enter into a formal labour agreement with the government .
* They must show they are training locals .
* As at September 30 , 2016 there were 95,757 workers in Australia on primary 457visas and 76,430 secondary visa holders ( members of their family ) .
* But numbers are in decline - in March there was a 9.2 per cent drop in primary 457 visa holders compared to 2015 .
* In July 2013 new laws came into effect , including giving Fair Work Australia the power to investigate breaches of the system .
* Labor wants jobs to be advertised locally for at least four weeks before a foreigner is sourced .
- news.com.au
A person who works as a historian at Rhodes University is of the opinion that laws prohibiting the cultivation and smoking of marijuana is racist and irrational and the consequences of colonialism .
Craig Paterson is a witness in the case where Myrtle Clarke and Jules Stobbs ask that the laws prohibiting the sale of marijuana should be declared unconstitutional .
According to Paterson , marijuana was widely used before the colonial period .
They also told the court that it was easier to ban marijuana in 1922 than alcohol , because of only Indians , coloreds , and blacks , using marijuana while whites had used alcohol . They say there is more evidence that alcohol leads to crime and social disturbances , as is the case with marijuana .
Read the original article in Afrikaans on Die Vryburger
South Africa Today – South Africa News
Posted on September 18 , 2011 | 4:04 p.m .
Source : Williams Family
Claude Kress “ C.K. ” Williams died peacefully at their home at Birnam Wood Golf Club in Montecito on September 7 , 2011 . They were 88 .
Born in New York City on April 9 , 1923 , C.K . was a graduate of St. Bernard 's School in Manhattan , St. Paul 's School in Concord , N.H. , and Princeton University .
They served for three years in the Army during World War II and later as a second lieutenant during the Korean War .
In 1948 , C.K . moved to Houston and later founded Williams Brothers Construction Co. , which played a critical role in the building of the Eisenhower Interstate Highway System . When they retired in 1985 , Williams Brothers was the seventh-largest highway construction company in the United States and , today , under the direction of their longtime partner , Doug Pitcock Jr. , it is the largest in Texas .
In addition to running a successful business , C.K . enjoyed a flourishing career as an artist , with many popular one-man shows and a large group of collectors . Their paintings reflect their exuberance for life as well as a skilled technique developed over many years of experimentation . They continued to paint until the end , leaving three canvases waiting to be finished .
“ You know , ” they said , “ every morning when I get up I think that I might paint the best picture of my life . ”
C.K . is survived by their wife of 22 years , Mary Elting Church Williams ; a son , Claude Kress Williams Jr. ; a daughter , Cynthia Williams Collins , and a son-in-law , Atwood Collins III ; two grandchildren , Atwood Porter Collins and Dwight Mallory Collins ; and three great-grandchildren .
The burial service in New Paltz , New York , will be private . Celebrations of their life will be held at a later date in Montecito and in Houston .
GUESS WHO ? Popular actor drops half-a-million nightly at casinos
The big showbiz Christmas parties started last week with GMA Network 's traditional gathering in Quezon City . Fun as it was , many guests noticed there were no major stars presents at the usually glittering event .
Previously , the network 's biggest stars , including seasonal TV host/actor Senator Manny Pacquiao , would grace the party even for a quick appearance to greet everyone a Merry Christmas .
No offense meant but the brightest star to have showed up at the Korean-themed media party was Andrea Torres . The rest were new and younger stars and , given the “ Jagiya ” set-up , the network 's “ imports ” from the fellow-Asean nation , Alexander Lee and Andy Ryu , also had their moment on stage .
“ Baka mas pinili nilang mag-focus sa Marawi City this year , ” a fellow scribe who hoped for the usual star-studded Kapuso night could only guess .
Not a bad thing if you think about it in the end .
* * *
GUESS WHO ? Just how much cash should a casino player bring each time they try their luck , say , on the slot machine ?
Is half a million pesos more than enough or too much ?
A Vignettes source singles out this popular actor ( PA ) who—in their almost nightly visit at a high-end casino in the southern part of Metro Manila—brings such an amount .
“ Manalo , matalo . You wo n't believe it , pero kalahating milyon ang dala-dala niya . They do n't mind losing every centavo of it today , dahil meron siyang ganung puhunan the following night . They must have found a bottomless well of money , but I wonder where he 's getting all that . ”
The PA is frequently in between jobs showbiz has to offer .
“ Sa pagkakaalam ko , they have no thriving business on the side . Marami siyang pera , ha ? ” our baffled source says .
Benito and Wilma Tiamzon , leaders and consultants of the National Democratic Front ( NDF ) peace panel , on Wednesday asked the Quezon City-Regional Trial Court ( QC-RTC ) Branch 216 to defer its action on the motion filed by the Philippine government for their re-arrest .
In their petition , the couple , through their legal counsel Rachel Pastores , asked the court to defer its action on the government 's manifestation and even cited the “ possible resumption of peace negotiations . ”
“ [ S ] o as not to render moot and academic the efforts and overwhelming calls toward the resumption of the peace negotiations [ in Utrecht , The Netherlands ] , ” it said .
Pastores said that the government filed “ similar motions ” against several other NDF consultants in other courts . They noted that the court should also give “ due weight and take into full account the ongoing efforts of various groups and personalities . ”
Calida said the Tiamzon couple should go back to jail since they were released to join the peace negotiations between the government and the NDF panel .
On February 9 , the Office of the Solicitor General asked the QC-RTC to “ automatically cancel ” the bail of the Tiamzons and to issue a recommitment order against them .
The two were temporarily released from jail in August 2016 to participate in the peace negotiations in Oslo , Norway .
But early this month , the Communist Party of the Philippines terminated its unilateral ceasefire because of the refusal of President Rodrigo Duterte to release hundreds of political detainees .
The group 's action prompted Duterte to lift the government 's unilateral truce . They also cancelled the peace talks .
The court will tackle the Tiamzon 's couple 's petition on February 17 . Dempsey Reyes
Reports that the National Security Agency infiltrated bank servers through a Swift service bureau highlight a recurring concern for financial institutions about the unintended consequences of U.S. government snooping .
The leaks that came out late last week from a hacking collective called Shadow Brokers indicate that the NSA exploited vulnerabilities in Microsoft Windows systems to break into servers at EastNets , a Dubai company that provides outsourced Swift connectivity to 260 financial institutions and corporations .
From there , Shadow Brokers ' documents suggest , the NSA was able to access computers used by some Middle Eastern bank members of Swift , the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication . The NSA 's goal , according to The New York Times , was to track money movements and thereby gain insight into “ potential terrorist groups or government officials . ”
The most immediate danger for U.S. banks ( and any Windows user , for that matter ) — that the weaknesses in Microsoft code still exist , rendering every internet-connected computer running Windows open to hacking — has passed . Microsoft said patches for all the vulnerabilities were issued more than a month ago , so any company that is up to date on Windows patching is safe from these .
But the U.S. government 's insistence on using so-called back doors to access financial and customer information remains a concern . The same tools the NSA uses to prop open doors to such information could be used by cybercriminals and nation-states with more sinister motives . And it also raises privacy issues for companies and consumers that do n't want the government watching their every move .
“ Governments are constantly going after different networks for espionage and national security purposes , ” said John Carlson , chief of staff at the Financial Services Information Sharing and Analysis Center , an industry trade group . “ That 's a reality we recognize . ”
The NSA headquarters in Fort Meade , Maryland . A financial industry cybersecurity trade group is `` asking for clarification '' from the agency about undisclosed software vulnerabilities it may be exploiting .
The FS-ISAC , whose more than 7,000 financial-services members share information with each other about cyberthreats , does not have an official position on whether the NSA should be using back doors for this type of monitoring , but Carlson noted the instabilities this kind of activity causes .
“ We would want the government to disclose zero days [ a type of vulnerability in software ] so those can be fixed and mitigated , ” they said . “ There 's been dialogue in the past about governments buying up zero days so they can use them for espionage and national security purposes ; that puts information at risk . ”
Asked if FS-ISAC is talking to the NSA about this , Carlson said , “ We 're asking for clarification . We have n't gotten answers. ” ( The spy agency did not respond to an email from American Banker requesting comment . )
Concerns about back doors came up last year when the FBI wanted Apple to give it a key to unlock all iPhones , ostensibly for the sole purpose of viewing the San Bernardino shooter 's calls . Apple refused , and the government found another way to unlock the phone .
It also arose in the financial industry two years ago when a startup software company called Symphony balked at providing regulators with a back door to the instant messages of its Wall Street clients . ( They worked out an agreement through which a copy of all messages is kept by a third party . )
Traces of spyware
Shadow Brokers leaked a spreadsheet on Friday that indicates the NSA was able to access and infect with its spyware computers run by several bank clients of EastNets , including Qatar First Investment Bank , Tadhamon International Islamic Bank , and Noor Islamic Bank .
Later the same day , EastNets issued a statement denying it had been hacked .
“ Reports of an alleged hacker-compromised EastNets Service Bureau network are totally false and unfounded , ” the company said in its press release . “ The EastNets Network internal Security Unit has run a complete check of its servers and found no hacker compromise or any vulnerabilities . ”
The firm said its Swift service runs on a separate secure network that can not be accessed over public networks .
“ The photos shown on Twitter , claiming compromised information , are about pages that are outdated and obsolete , generated on a low-level internal server that is retired since 2013 , ” EastNets stated . It said it can confirm that no customer data was compromised in any way .
“ EastNets continues to guarantee the complete safety and security of its customers ' data with the highest levels of protection from its SWIFT certified Service bureau , '' Hazem Mulhim , CEO and founder of EastNets , said in the statement .
The hacking tools that Shadow Brokers said the NSA used to monitor the Middle Eastern banks also appear to be outdated . The group pointed to seven vulnerabilities in Microsoft Windows software that were used to break into servers .
In a blog post early Saturday , Microsoft said those vulnerabilities had all been patched more than a month earlier . ( Deviating from its normal practice , Microsoft did not disclose who found the vulnerabilities . This has led to speculation about possible collusion between the NSA and Microsoft . )
Microsoft declined to comment further . EastNet could not line up an executive by deadline .
In a statement provided midday eastern time Monday , Swift said it has `` no evidence to suggest that there has ever been any unauthorised access to our network or messaging services . ”
‘ Persistent vigilance '
For now , the industry is watching this case closely .
“ We 're still trying to understand the impact to the financial sector , ” said Carlson at the FS-ISAC .
“ We think the potential impact of the disclosures to this sector is relatively low but warrants attention . We 'll be playing close attention to this . ”
Bankers , they said , should keep their systems up to date in the meantime .
“ It 's very important to make sure all their systems are patched and that third-party providers patch their systems as well , ” Carlson said . “ There may be patches individual firms have not executed . ”
They also stressed the importance of having layered defense and redundant systems .
“ The biggest buzzword would be persistent vigilance , ” Carlson said . “ You have to be constantly vigilant about these kinds of threats . Adversaries will be looking to exploit any vulnerability out there and it 's up to firms to be constantly on guard , educating users on best way to defend the organization . It 's part and parcel of our digital economy . ”
Updated April 17 , 2017 at 12:47PM : Updated to include a statement provided by Swift .
Working People 's Alliance ( WPA ) executive member , Professor David Hinds , who was recently sacked by the state-owned and government-controlled Guyana Chronicle newspaper on Monday objected strongly to People 's National Congress Reform ( PNCR ) General Secretary , Amna Ally calling the spat over freedom of expression a “ little issue ”
“ First , the statement betrays a cavalier attitude to a pivotal aspect of good governance—government 's respect for right to free expression and political dissent within the ambit of the law , ” they said in reaction to Ally 's comments earlier Monday .
Hinds also chided their colleague veteran Guyanese politician , who have been opponents for several decades , for seemingly being dismissive of the WPA considering leaving the PNCR-dominated A Partnership for National Unity ( APNU ) which both parties helped to form and the APNU+Alliance For Change-led government .
“ The second important take-away from the Minister 's comments is their lack of concern that a partner in government may be contemplating removing itself from the Coalition . How can a spokesperson of a government and Coalition with a tiny majority in the National Assembly not be worried that there is grave dissatisfaction within the coalition ? The strength of the Coalition is its jointness . Yet the Minister is saying that they are not worried that one partner is so dissatisfied that some of its leaders are raising the possibility of leaving , ” said Hinds who has a history of confronting the PNC head-on in the 1970s and 1980s when it was in power .
Describing the PNCR General Secretary 's “ little issue ” description of the controversy over their removal as a Guyana Chronicle columnist as “ rather unfortunate ” , Hinds said they 're considering retracting it . They questioned how Ally , Minister of Social Protection , could refer to a situation in which the Editor-in-Chief informed Board members that they removed themselves and trade unionist Lincoln Lewis because of pressure .
“ The Minister seems not to be concerned about what that “ little issue ” means in the bigger scheme of things—that it calls into question the government 's sated promise to desist from turning the state-media into partisan mouth pieces of the government , ” said Hinds . They again warned that Ally 's response was feeding political ammunition to opponents and critics of the David Granger-led administration over the human rights . This response by the Minister plays right into the hands of the government 's detractors and critics who hammer home the message every day that the government is authoritarian . One of the trademarks of authoritarian governments is their cavalier dismissal of charges of human rights abuses and branding those who make those charges as enemies of the State , ” they said .
Contrary to claims by Hinds and Lewis , Editor-in-Chief , Nigel Williams has said that they decided to get rid of their columns in their own deliberate judgement and not as a result of political pressure . That decision was subsequently upheld by the Board of Directors by a slim one-vote majority . The company subsequently said that Williams has the legitimate right to hire and fire columnists .
Touching on the PNCR General Secretary 's reaction to WPA executive member , Tacuma Ogunseye 's statement that their party should consider leaving the coalition and government , Hinds said that amounted to “ the scant consideration and respect for WPA 's concerns ” and indeed their party remained very serious about departing from the governing political structure . “ She seems to be suggesting that the WPA is not serious about putting this matter of leaving on the agenda . On that they are very wrong . The matter of leaving has always been on the party 's agenda—from the day we agreed to form the APNU with the PNC .
It was suppressed in the interest of the collective and the country . We considered all the benefits and the risks , including the fact that we may at some point have to confront the hard question of leaving . WPA is not as naïve as some people think we are , ” they said .
Reasoning that Ally 's apparent lack of worry about a WPA departure would not negatively affect APNU and the coalition , Hinds called such arguments that the so-called small parties brought nothing a “ simplistic narrative ” because it was perception of unity that resulted in a slim victory .
“ The Coalition won the election in 2015 because a small majority of the electorate perceived that a coalition of parties stood a better chance of defeating the incumbent PPP and returning the country to normalcy , ” the United States-based Political Scientist said .
“ None of the individual parties—PNC , AFC , WPA or the others—could have achieved that feat on its own . And my knowledge of Guyanese politics tells me that any rupturing of that coalition would work to the disadvantage of the Coalition at the next election , ” they added .
The WPA functionary contended that that only a fraction of the coalition 's votes is influenced directly by the individual parties . “ I am very sure that half of the Coalition voters voted for APNU and APNU+AFC . Towards that end I am equally certain that any credible poll would show that the APNU and the Coalition are more popular than the individual parties . Guyanese vote race , but they are not stupid . ”
Hinds are already on record as saying that despite the way they and their party have been treated , they still support the coalition . The discontinuation of their columns in the Guyana Chronicle , they have said , has marked the second time they have been fired by the coalition-led government .
Hinds and Lewis have since said they have also stopped writing editorials for the Chronicle .
In the past , the WPA has complained that it has been excluded from decisions such as the removal of its co-leader , Dr. Rupert Roopnaraine from the post of Minister of Education and the closure of several sugar estates that has resulted in the dismissal of thousands of workers .
In their response ( ‘ Popes claim to be God , ' May 18 ) to my letter ( ‘ It is inaccurate to suggest that Popes claim to be God , ' May 16 ) , the Rev Ivan Foster asks regarding their letter of May 7 “ ... why they ( me/mise ) made no reference whatsoever to them ( ie Pope Boniface ) ” .
It 's quite simple really . There have been nine Popes named Boniface . There was Pope Boniface 1 , who was a contemporary of St Augustine of Hippo , the author of the Confessions and also a discourse on The Trinity etc . ; Boniface 1 was Pope from December 418 to September 422 ; and there was Pope Boniface 1X ; they were Pope from November 1389 to October 1404 ; in between there were seven Popes named Boniface . As you can see , the Papacy has a long history , stretching back 2000 years to its foundation by Jesus Christ , and , in between , there have been hundreds of Popes ; the Rev Foster 's first name , Ivan , also called John , is well represented among them ( St John XX111 was a much loved Pope in the 20th century ) ; my first name , Micheal , has n't yet made the grade to the Papacy ; however an Archangel is called Micheal who is defender of the Catholic Church .
A beautiful prayer to St. Micheal was brought into use by Pope Leo X111 in 1886 .
Micheal O'Cathail , Fermanagh
Experts note that raising strong children require a strong community . That 's what residents get at Quenda Hammond Park — a lovely home in the midst of a warm , tight-knit neighbourhood .
[ HAMMOND PARK , 31/05/2018 ] – Quenda Hammond Park makes homeownership a dream within reach . It offers lovely house and land packages in Hammond Park , Perth . The company partners with trusted home builders in the city to construct sturdy yet stylish homes that can accommodate various family sizes and diverse lifestyles .
Moreover , the houses belong to a tight-knit community , where residents can meet new friends and raise a family .
A Community 's Role in Child-Rearing
Raisingchildren.net.au , an Australian parenting website , says that the community is integral to raising a well-rounded child . The extended family and friends strengthen a child 's sense of belonging , while the neighbourhood creates a warm atmosphere and provides opportunities for the child to build skills and follow interests .
A child who is connected to friends and the community feels secure and has people they can go to when they need help , apart from their parents and siblings .
The Community at Quenda Hammond Park
Quenda Hammond Park is a community of choice for rearing well-rounded kids . It provides charming houses and lots in the midst of a close-knit neighbourhood . It also offers beautiful streetscapes , playgrounds and parks that bring community members together .
The houses are nothing short of spacious , and residents can customise them further . They can add patios , pools , game rooms and even home theatres . “ Lots that are larger on average than others in the area means Quenda is your home of possibilities , ” says its website .
Moreover , the houses are a hop , skip and a jump away from vital institutions like childcare facilities , kindergartens and primary , secondary and tertiary schools . They 're also near fitness clubs , train stations and medical centres . Entertainment is not a problem — Perth boasts various amusement parks , aquatic centres , shopping hubs , bars and restaurants , nature reserves and more .
With elegant , spacious homes and a great community , Quenda Hammond Park is a great place to raise a family .
About Quenda Hammond Park
Quenda Hammond Park is a property development that offers stunning house and land packages in Hammond Park , Perth . It takes pride in its a tight-knit community that 's near educational facilities , hospitals , recreational places and other important institutions .
For more information , visit https : //quendaliving.com.au/ .
0:14
Video shows cop punching a woman in the face as they are ejected from Hard Rock Stadium
DUP Newry & Armagh Assemblyman William Irwin MLA has met with Department officials in Dundonald House this week to raise a number of issues affecting farmers across the province .
Issues covered at the meeting included the significant delay in processing FBIS applications and the hot topic of Bovine TB .
Mr Irwin described the meeting as ‘ useful and timely ' and thanked the Departmental Permanent Secretary and their colleagues for taking the time to discuss a range of important issues affecting agriculture at this time .
They added : “ I used this important opportunity to discuss the concerns farmers have brought to me on the Farm Business Improvement Scheme and in particular the significant delays on applications , some of which have been in the system in excess of ten months with applicants still unaware if they will be successful .
“ I impressed on the officials the fact that farmers who find themselves in this position are frustrated and rightly so , after spending considerable sums of money in getting planning permissions and paying for the services of consultants to help complete the applications . I expressed my concerns that only 20 approvals have been issued to date out of 150 applications that made it through to the assessment stage .
“ Officials took on board my concerns and accepted that the process has been slower than anticipated but assured me that every effort is being made to issue as many approvals as possible in the next few weeks . I made the point to the officials that lessons must be learned from Tranche 1 and not repeated if and when Tranche 2 is rolled out , ” they added .
“ I also had the opportunity to discuss the issue of Bovine TB and the need for a much more proactive approach to drive down incidence rates . TB incidence rates are at almost 10 % , the highest level for some years . We also look at other regions whereby wildlife carriers have been effectively controlled and this has resulted in continued downward trends . It is clear when we look at statistics here in Northern Ireland the very obvious rising trend in incidence rates requires a more robust approach and wildlife carriers should be one of the main focuses , ” they added .
Images : Readers share their stunning photos of the Port Hills fire
1 Newsreaders have sent in some incredible photos of the fire , which can be seen from almost every part of Christchurch .
Declaring a victory in Syria , Putin on Monday visited a Russian military air base in the country and announced a partial pullout of Russian forces from the Mideast nation .
Russian President Vladimir Putin addresses to the troops at the Hemeimeem air base in Syria , on Monday , Dec. 11 , 2017 . ( Mikhail Klimentyev , Sputnik , Kremlin Pool Photo via AP )
Russian President Vladimir Putin declared victory against “ terrorists ” in Syria on Monday during a surprise visit to a Russian military base in the county , where they also announced a partial pullout of Russian troops .
It was Putin 's first trip to Syria , where Russia launched an air campaign in 2015 that allowed President Bashar Assad 's forces to gain the upper hand against the Islamic State group as well as Syrian rebels . It was also the first visit by a foreign head of state to war-ravaged Syria since the civil war began in 2011 .
Putin 's brief stop at the Hemeimeem air base in Syria 's coastal province of Latakia while en route to Egypt came days after the Russian president said they would run for re-election on March 18 , and helped to show off Moscow 's global clout to the national audience .
In a televised speech to the Russian troops at the base , Putin hailed their “ excellent ” performance in Syria , where the Russian military declared victory against the Islamic State group last week .
“ You have shown the best qualities of a Russian soldier — courage , valour , team spirit , decisiveness and excellent skills , ” they said . “ The Motherland is proud of you . ”
Related : Syrian mother gets behind the wheel
Russia launched its air campaign in Syria at the end of September 2015 , when Assad 's government was teetering on the brink of collapse , and quickly changed the course of the conflict . Russian officials say the troops were sent to Syria mainly to fight “ terrorists , ” including IS and al-Qaida , but they also battled mainstream rebels opposed to the Assad family 's four-decade rule .
Putin has hosted Assad twice in the past six years , including a surprise Nov. 21 visit that Assad undertook to the Black Sea resort of Sochi .
Russian television stations showed Putin walking off the plane at the air base , embracing and shaking hands with Assad . The two then visited a military operations room .
The Hemeimeem base , located in the heartland of Assad 's Alawite minority , has served as the main foothold for the Russian military campaign in Syria .
“ Here in Syria , far away from our borders , you helped the Syrian people to preserve their state and fend off attacks by terrorists , ” Putin said , facing the troops lined up on the tarmac . “ You have dealt a devastating blow to those who blatantly threatened our country . We will never forget about the victims who fell in the fight against terror both here and in Russia . ”
Putin also said that they had ordered the military to withdraw a “ significant part ” of the Russian contingent in Syria .
“ Friends , the Motherland is waiting for you , ” Putin said . “ You are coming back home with victory ! ”
They added , however , that the Russian military will maintain its presence at Hemeimeem and a naval facility in Tartus .
Gen. Sergei Surovikin , the Russian military commander in Syria , said the military will pull out 23 warplanes , two helicopter gunships , special forces units , military police and field engineers .
Surovikin said the remaining forces will be sufficient to “ successfully fulfil the tasks ” to stabilize the situation in Syria . They did not say how many troops and weapons would stay behind .
Syria has allowed Russia to use Hemeimeem air base indefinitely without cost . Moscow also has a deal with Syria to use the Tartus base for 49 years , which could be extended if both parties agree .
The Russian military plans to modernize the air base and expand its runways to allow it to host more warplanes . It also intends to expand the Tartus facility significantly to make it a full-scale naval base capable of hosting warships , including cruiser-sized vessels .
After seeing troops march , Putin drove up to the Russian warplanes parked on the runway and talked to the pilots , who said they will fly back home later in the day .
Syrian TV said Assad thanked Putin for their troops ' “ effective contribution ” to the fight against terrorism in Syria , which they said the Syrian people “ will never forget . ”
“ Syria has been saved as a sovereign , independent state , refugees are coming home and conditions have been created for a political settlement under the United Nations ' auspices , ” Putin said .
Insurgents still control several areas in Syria , but much of the fighting has been paused by “ de-escalation ” agreements brokered by Russia and Iran , which support Assad , and Turkey , which backs the rebels .
Putin told Assad they would discuss the prospects for a peace settlement with the leaders of Egypt and Turkey later Monday .
“ I hope that together with Turkey and Iran we will succeed in restoring peaceful life and launch a political process to settle the situation in Syria , ” Putin said .
___
Associated Press writer Albert Aji in Damascus , Syria , contributed reporting .
Vladimir Isachenkov , The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
