TORONTO — Canadian pro gaming team SetToDestroyX has signed top NHL gamer Nick ( HeadShotPro ) Myers .
The Charlottetown native , who signed a two-year contract , is currently high on the leaderboards of the inaugural Snider Hockey Cup , a WorldGaming tournament using the made-in-Canada EA Sports `` NHL 18 '' title .
The tournament is connected to the Ed Snider Youth Hockey Foundation , which was created by the late Philadelphia Flyers owner to build lives and unite communities through hockey .
Online qualifiers started Jan. 10 and will run through Feb. 10 with online playoffs scheduled for Feb. 17-18 . The live championship is set for March 7 in Xfinity Live ! Philadelphia , an entertainment centre that is part of the Wells Fargo Center .
0 Rep. Jim Jordan denies knowledge of Ohio State abuse claims : ' I would have done something '
Rep. Jim Jordan said they “ would have done something ” had they known about alleged sexual abuse of wrestlers during their time as an Ohio State University assistant wrestling coach , they told Politico in an interview Tuesday night .
> > Read more trending news
Jordan , R-Ohio , continued to deny knowledge of the alleged sex abuse at an event Wednesday in Fremont , calling the allegations “ flat-out not true . ”
“ It 's not true , ” Jordan told Politico . “ I never knew about any type of abuse . If I did , I would have done something about it . And look , if there are people who are abused , then that 's terrible and we want justice to happen . ”
> > Congressman Jim Jordan accused of knowing about sex abuse at Ohio State , not reporting it
“ We 've got the truth on our side , ” Jordan said .
Jordan , 54 , declined an interview Tuesday with the Dayton Daily News .
On that day , former athletes who wrestled for Jordan when they served as an assistant coach at Ohio State said they knew team doctor Richard Strauss sexually abused athletes but Jordan failed to report it . NBC News first reported the story .
Jordan 's spokesperson , Ian Fury , said Jordan had not been contacted by investigators and pledged to assist them . But after reporters with the Dayton Daily News contacted the university , Ohio State announced Tuesday that investigators had reached out to Jordan 's office by email and telephone to request an interview with him .
“ To date , Rep. Jordan has not responded to these requests , but we understand from public statements issued on their behalf today that Rep. Jordan is willing to talk to the investigative team , ” said Kathleen Trafford , an attorney representing Ohio State in its investigation of Strauss .
Ohio State in April announced it was investigating accusations against Dr. Richard Strauss , who treated athletes and students as a team doctor in the athletics program and a physician at the student health services center between 1978 and 1996 . Jordan worked as an assistant wrestling coach for part of that time . Strauss , who retired as a professor emeritus July 1 , 1998 , died in California in 2005 .
“ I did know Dr. Strauss , they were there when we got to Ohio State , ” Jordan said Wednesday . “ Yeah , I knew the doctor . But there was no truth to the fact that I knew of any abuse … it 's just not accurate to say those things , that we knew about it and did n't report it ; it 's just not true . ”
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
WASHINGTON U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Sunday blamed Russia 's inaction for helping fuel a deadly poison gas attack against Syrian civilians last week , saying Moscow failed to carry out a 2013 agreement to secure and destroy chemical weapons in Syria .
`` I think the real failure here has been Russia 's failure to live up to its commitments under the chemical weapons agreements that were entered into in 2013 , '' Tillerson said on ABC 's `` This Week . ''
`` The failure related to the recent strike and the recent terrible chemical weapons attack in large measure is a failure on Russia 's part to achieve its commitment to the international community , '' they added .
Tillerson is expected in Moscow this week for talks with Russian officials .
They stopped short of accusing Russia of being directly involved in the planning or execution of the attack , saying they had not seen `` any hard evidence '' to suggest the nation was an accomplice to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad .
But they said the United States expected Russia to take a tougher stance against Syria by rethinking its alliance with al-Assad because `` every time one of these horrific attacks occurs , it draws Russia closer into some level of responsibility . ''
Other than that , they added , `` there is no change to our military posture '' towards Syria .
Tillerson 's comments came just a few days after the United States fired dozens of cruise missiles at the Syrian airbase that was allegedly used in the chemical attack .
U.S. President Donald Trump ordered the strikes after they blamed Assad for this week 's chemical attack , which killed at least 70 people , many of them children , in the Syrian town of Khan Sheikhoun . The Syrian government has denied it was behind the attack .
Video depicted limp bodies and children choking while rescuers tried to wash off the poison gas . Russian state television blamed rebels and did not show footage of victims .
The move immediately prompted a backlash from Russian President Vladimir Putin , who said it would damage U.S.-Russian relations .
( Reporting by Sarah N. Lynch ; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn )
On Wednesday 's “ Sean Hannity Show , ” host Sean Hannity stated that Senator Bernie Sanders ( I-VT ) is “ not responsible ” for the shooting at a Congressional baseball practice , and most of Sanders ' are n't violent .
Hannity said , “ I 'm not going to do what the left does here . Bernie Sanders is not responsible for what one of their stupid supporters has to say . Because most Bernie Sanders supporters are not violent and not out there trying to kill Republicans , and Bernie said they were sickened by the entire anti-GOP massacre here , alright ? And I believe him . But , if it 's , you know , the Oklahoma City bombing , did n't stop Bill Clinton from blaming talk radio . ”
( h/t Daily Rushbo )
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @ IanHanchett
It was a chilly start to our day with temperatures in the 30s , but thanks to plenty of sunshine we had temperatures rise into the 60s . For tonight we will have temperatures drop to the 30s once again with spots north of I-10 possibly seeing patchy frost . Tonight will be our last night of colder conditions .
Timothee Chalamet and Michael Stuhlbarg star in a scene from the movie `` Call Me by Your Name . '' The Catholic News Service classification is O -- morally offensive . The Motion Picture Association of America rating is R -- restricted . Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian . ( CNS photo/Sony Picture Classics )
NEW YORK ( CNS ) -- Classical statuary forms a recurring visual motif in the coming-of-age drama `` Call Me by Your Name '' ( Sony Classics ) .
That 's fitting since the film 's primary romantic relationship , which bonds an older male mentor with a precocious , but untried youth , was perfectly acceptable to the pagan sensibilities of the ancient world .
Contemporary moviegoers approaching the story from a biblically based outlook will , of course , have quite a different take .
Set in Northern Italy during the early 1980s , `` Call Me by Your Name '' chronicles the mutual yearning -- disguised , initially , as dislike -- shared by Elio ( Timothee Chalamet ) , the 17-year-old son of an archaeology professor ( Michael Stuhlbarg ) , and Oliver ( Armie Hammer ) , the graduate student who comes to lodge with Elio 's family while serving as their father 's temporary assistant .
A hothouse atmosphere , beautiful scenery -- and dialogue designed to show how highly cultured all the characters are -- set the tone for the proceedings . Amid all this abiding gentility , however , director Luca Guadagnino 's adaptation of Andre Aciman 's novel , written for the screen by James Ivory , veers erratically between discreet sensuality and outright vulgarity .
Thus , when Elio and Oliver finally hit the sack together , after a succession of timid reconnoiterings , the camera , having established what 's about to happen , turns demurely to show us the trees outside their bedroom window . Yet , by contrast , a later scene finds Elio interacting with a piece of fruit in a way Jason Biggs ' character in `` American Pie '' might find all too familiar .
All the while , the film invites viewers to accept with perfect equanimity Elio 's sexual experimentations , which are varied enough even when they involve human beings rather than produce . Indeed , Elio 's randy ramblings are carried out , nearly simultaneously , both with Oliver and with Elio 's local-bred girlfriend , Marzia ( Esther Garrel ) . As for the hunky houseguest , their tastes are shown to be equally broad in scope .
Totally lacking the emotional impact of 2016 's `` Moonlight , '' `` Call Me by Your Name '' is populated by a set of smug smarty-pants whose philosophy of life treats commitment-free flings as so many trips to the moon on gossamer wings , earnestly to be sought and , when found , cherished as sweet memories .
This is all the more surprising , and incongruous , considering that Jewish identity , symbolized by the Star of David that first Oliver and later , by deliberate imitation , Elio wear as well as by the family 's observance of Hanukkah , forms at least a minor theme in the script . Perhaps more Leviticus and less Cole Porter might have kept the central duo on the straight-and-narrow .
The film contains a misguided outlook on human sexuality , strong sexual content , including brief graphic underage activity , aberrant acts , as well as upper female and rear nudity , a mild oath , several rough and at least one crude term . The Catholic News Service classification is O -- morally offensive . The Motion Picture Association of America rating is R -- restricted . Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian .
- - -
Mulderig is on the staff of Catholic News Service .
- - -
CAPSULE REVIEW
`` Call Me by Your Name '' ( Sony Classics )
Set in Northern Italy during the early 1980s , this coming-of-age drama chronicles the romantic relationship between the precocious 17-year-old son ( Timothee Chalamet ) of an archaeology professor ( Michael Stuhlbarg ) and the graduate student ( Armie Hammer ) who lodges with the lad 's family while serving as their father 's temporary assistant . Amid a hothouse atmosphere , beautiful scenery and dialogue designed to show how highly cultured all the characters are , director Luca Guadagnino 's adaptation of Andre Aciman 's novel , written for the screen by James Ivory , veers between discreet sensuality and outright vulgarity . All the while , the film invites viewers to accept with perfect equanimity its young hero 's sexual experimentations , carried out , nearly simultaneously , not only with the hunky houseguest but with the youth 's local-bred girlfriend ( Esther Garrel ) as well . A misguided outlook on human sexuality , strong sexual content , including brief graphic underage activity , aberrant acts , as well as upper female and rear nudity , a mild oath , several rough and at least one crude term . The Catholic News Service classification is O -- morally offensive . The Motion Picture Association of America rating is R -- restricted . Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian .
- - -
CLASSIFICATION
`` Call Me by Your Name '' ( Sony Classics ) -- Catholic News Service classification , O -- morally offensive . Motion Picture Association of America rating , R -- restricted . Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian .
S-E-S-Q-U-I-P-E-D-A-L-I-A-N Is It Even A Contest Watching Steph Curry Play A Super Long Game Of 'Horse , ' Or Is It Just Showing Off ?
We 'd be leaning towards the latter , but it seems like these high schoolers were genuinely having a great time .
Let 's go inside Coachella ! And Sam Hunt and Hannah Lee Fowler got married… but another intended celeb couple did NOT ! Find out who in today 's Dirty Laundry !
Coachella happened this weekend and the celebrities were all over the place ! Lady Gaga headlined Saturday night ( replacing Beyonce ) and even debuted a brand-new song called “ The Cure ” … she 's even going to shoot parts of their movie reboot of “ A Star in Born ” with Bradley Cooper there . Drake , Future , The Weeknd , Diddy , Quavo , Gucci Mane , A $ AP Rocky also performed . The Weeknd and Selena Gomez were seen kissing…Coachella continues this upcoming weekend . Here 's some photos and Gaga 's performance…
Country singer Sam Hunt and their fiancé Hannah Lee Fowler got married in Georgia this weekend . It was an intimate ceremony for family and friends… Here are some photos . And here 's some more .
Someone that did n't get married this weekend as planned is Elle King… they say they “ skipped out ” on their wedding to their fiancé : “ Skipped out on my wedding . I married Rock & Roll instead , ” the “ Ex 's and Oh 's ” singer said . “ So I hopped on tour with EAGLES OF F * * * ING DEATH METAL. ” They were recently on an episode of Say Yes to the Dress… they proposed to them 12 days after they met .
Khloe Kardashian 's Revenge Body just got renewed for a second season ! The show connects contestants to celebrity trainers , stylists , and beauty experts to help with makeovers and overall confidence building . Khloe says : “ I am so happy to have the opportunity to help people who are determined to make a change by allowing us to share in their personal struggles . I 'm proud to be part of their journey. ” I watched the show and love it… happy it 's coming back for season 2 🙂
Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck might have gone to church together for Easter with the kids but he 's definitely moving on and out of the guest house . Looks like he 's even dating someone new already .
According to media reports , the Internal Revenue Service has emptied the bank accounts belonging to Tori Spelling and their husband , Dean McDermott . There was a federal tax lien for $ 707,480.30 in unpaid taxes — for their 2014 bill alone . They just had a baby and Tori has even said she 's not opposed to having another !
Orlando Bloom and Vampire Diaries Nina Dobrev may be Hollywood 's hottest new couple ! The 40-year-old actor and the 28-year-old actor are reportedly getting romantic with each other , according to People magazine . “ They 've known each other for a while , ” a source told the magazine . “ Recently they 've been hanging out as more than friends
Check out the first photo of Janet Jackson 's boy Eissa Al Mana 's now 3 months old…
Actor Jeff Goldblum , 64 , and their 34 year old wife , Emilie Livingston welcomed their second child — River Joe . Back in January , Emilie announced they were expecting , saying , “ Round and round we go ! I 'm 15 weeks pregnant in this shot and I 'm SO excited about our newest addition to the Goldblum family , arriving early April . ”
The woman 50 Cent punched in the chest is lawyering up for a lawsuit ! Donnetta Derr will sue The Lox , with whom Fiddy performed , and the venue , Baltimore Soundstage . 50 was performing last week when the woman grabbed their arm and pulled them off stage…he punched them on the way down but then had their onstage twerking . Donnetta went to the hospital the next day and hired a lawyer today .
Chris Brown did a paid nightclub appearance this weekend and the house photographer ended up allegedly getting punched by Chris Brown… and he 's pressing charges against Chris .
Jennifer Lopez was rehearsing in the Dominican Republic with their ex-hubby Marc Anthony and their current BF A-Rod watched… Here 's the video…
Weekend box office :
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Congressman Steve Scalise was welcomed with a roaring standing ovation at Nationals Park in Washington D.C. where they threw out the ceremonial first pitch , four months after they were shot and nearly killed on a baseball field .
Before Game 1 of the National League Division Series between the Nationals and Chicago Cubs on Friday , the Louisiana Congressman used a walker and crutch to position themselves in front of the pitcher 's mound as they threw the baseball to U.S. Capitol Police officer David Bailey , who was also injured during the June shooting .
“ What a memorable birthday ! I threw the first pitch at tonight 's @ Nationals vs. @ Cubs # NLDS game ! ” tweeted Scalise , who was turned 52 .
Scalise was one of six people shot when a gunman opened fire while the Republican team practiced in Alexandria , Virginia , for the annual bipartisan Congressional Baseball Game .
The politician was shot in the hip by a bullet that ripped through their body , causing severe damage to internal organs , their doctors at MedStar Washington Hospital Center confirmed .
Zack Barth and Matt Mika , who were both wounded at the baseball practice , were also honored .
U.S. Capitol Police officer Crystal Griner and Texas Rep. Roger Williams were also injured during the incident .
Scalise is still recovering from their injuries , which required them to undergo multiple surgeries . They are currently undergoing outpatient rehabilitation and needs crutches and a scooter to get around .
Last week , Scalise returned to Capitol Hill for the first time since the incident . “ I am definitely a living example that miracles really do happen , ” they told Congress .
A woman has climbed the base of the Statue of Liberty and seven people have been arrested on Liberty Island , all of whom are believed to be protesters , law enforcement sources told CNN .
The woman is affiliated with Rise and Resist , Martin Joseph Quinn , an organizer for the group , told CNN . But Quinn added their climb was not part of the planned protest today . “ She climbed without our knowledge . It was not part of our action . We are deeply concerned for their safety , ” Quinn said .
At one point , the woman walked back and forth under Lady Liberty 's sandal and then sat down and appeared to unfurl a small flag or banner . The other protesters , also with Rise and Resist , held a banner over the railing at the base of the statue .
Law enforcement officials were seen mounting a ladder to the base of the statue and talking to the woman , who was sitting in the folds of the statue 's gown .
The NYPD is building a rope rescue system to help bring the woman down from the base , because officers do n't believe they will come down on their own , a police source told CNN .
Liberty Island has been evacuated while they attempt to get them down , according to Jerry Willis with the National Park Service .
The NYPD says three of its emergency service units and a harbor unit are on scene .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - CARMILA SA :
* CARMILA CONTINUES TO IMPLEMENT ITS INVESTMENT PLAN WITH THE ACQUISITION OF TWO LEADING LARGE SHOPPING CENTRES , IN MARSEILLE-VITROLLES AND IN MADRID , FOR EURO 212.2 MILLION Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom : )
A by-election for Stanley and Outwood East , prompted by the resignation of a long-standing councillor , takes place next week .
Five candidates are standing in the election which takes place on Thursday , October 12 .
The candidates are : Lucy Brown ( The Yorkshire Party ) , Nathan Garbutt Moore ( Conservatives ) , Jack Hemingway ( Labour ) , James Johnston ( UKIP ) and Nicola Sinclair ( Lib Dems ) .
Last month , long-standing councillor Clive Hudson stood down .
Mr Hudson was first elected to the Stanley and Altofts ward , as it was known then , in 2000 .
They cited their work commitments as the catalyst for their decision to give up their seat .
Mr Hudson works full-time as a lecturer in engineering and aviation technology at the University of Leeds
They said : “ It 's frustrating .
“ It is difficult to have a full-time job and also to be a councillor .
“ There are no exceptions for you if you are busy with work or even if you are self-employed and you miss meetings . ”
Polling stations will be open from 7am until 10pm on October 12 .
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike , oil prices dip , NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday , mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months . A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S & P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data . Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent , hit by an unexpec
March 31 Legg Mason Inc
* Legg Mason Inc - entered into a third amendment to company 's unsecured credit agreement , dated as of December 29 , 2015 - SEC filing
* Legg Mason - third amendment reduces aggregate amount of lenders ' commitment to make loans to company under credit agreement from $ 1 billion to $ 500 million
* Legg Mason - will take non-cash charge of $ 1.5 million for unamortized financing costs from reduction in lenders ' commitment to make loans available to co Source text : ( bit.ly/2oj4rKn ) Further company coverage :
BUDAPEST , March 30 Profits at Central European banks are set to rise faster than at Western rivals over the next two years thanks to improving loan portfolios , rising interest rates and stronger economic growth , analysts said .
While margins at most banks in Western Europe are coming under pressure , their rivals to the east are seeing profits pick up as political pressures on the sector abate following a series of tax increases .
Central Europe 's largest independent lender , Hungary 's OTP Bank , as well as Poland 's PKO and Romania 's Banca Transilvania have outperformed the STOXX Europe 600 banks index , as this graphic shows : ( reut.rs/2opUyHw )
Analysts say there is room for further outperformance in the coming years given the relatively benign backdrop .
`` Compared to the Western-EU peers ... CEE banks offer good quality for the long term , '' said Norbert Harcsa , an equity analyst at Ipopema Securities .
Banks in Hungary have recorded the biggest turnaround . In 2016 , the sector reported pre-tax profits of half a trillion forints ( $ 1.7 billion ) , nearly 10 times the level in 2010 , when Prime Minister Viktor Orban imposed a huge windfall tax .
The government started cutting bank taxes in January 2016 , the economy is set to expand by 3-4 percent over the next two years and non-performing loans have fallen to 13-15 percent of overall lending .
The upswing in the economy has also enabled banks in Hungary to sell distressed mortgages and project loans to private investors seeking higher returns . That could further reduce the overall rate of bad loans this year .
OTP 's profits more than doubled in 2016 from a year earlier and its chief executive flagged in an interview this month that it was looking for acquisitions in the region .
In Poland , bank profits are also improving as economic growth accelerates , allowing lenders to find ways to shift some of the costs of a new annual bank tax worth 0.44 percent of assets to clients by raising fees .
The economy grew at its fastest quarterly rate in the last three months of 2016 since late 2007 and the government expects growth this year to be at least 3.6 percent , up from 2.8 percent last year .
Poland 's Alior Bank reported net profit of 618.3 million zlotys ( $ 157 million ) for 2016 , almost double the level in 2015 , while PKO , the biggest lender in the country boosted profits by 10 percent .
In Romania , the banking system got a boost from a court ruling rejecting a potentially costly conversion of Swiss franc loans into the local currency at historical rates .
Two of its top three banks posted double-digit profit increases last year and the economic landscape there is also a positive factor . The economy grew 4.8 percent last year and analysts expect growth of 4.1 percent this year , while the government is predicting an increase of 5.2 percent .
The generally positive economic backdrop is also raising expectations central banks in the region will increase interest rates , which should help lenders improve their margins after years of downward pressure .
The Romanian central bank is expected to raise its benchmark rate by 25 basis points at the end of 2017 from 1.75 percent now and economists predict Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic will follow with rate rises next year too .
That should keep return on equity ( RoE ) , a measure of profitability closely watched by investors , at many Central European banks strong .
OTP , for example , now has an RoE of 14.1 compared with the average among European banks in the MSCI index of 5.6 , while PKO and Banca Transilvania have also outperformed , as this graphic shows : ( reut.rs/2mIDS1i )
`` The relatively higher RoE and RoA ( return on assets ) levels make CEE banks particularly attractive in the current environment of depressed profitability for EU banks , '' Berenberg analysts said . ( $ 1 = 287.9900 forints ) ( $ 1 = 3.9281 zlotys ) ( Additional reporting by Radu-Sorin Marinas in Bucharest , Jason Hovet in Prague and Marcin Goclowski in Warsaw ; editing by David Clarke )
FRANCE 13 IRELAND 15
Johnny Sexton 's remarkable drop goal after time helped Ireland win their NatWest 6 Nations opener 15-13 against France in Paris .
Trailing 13-12 thanks to a Teddy Thomas try , Ireland kept their heads through 41 phases of play in order to open up a window for Sexton .
And the fly-half , who scored all of Ireland 's points on the night , duly obliged from just inside the France half to earn Ireland the win .
Ireland full-back Rob Kearney hailed the dramatic finish and Sexton 's last-gasp drop goal .
`` It 's quite incredible really . We probably got out of jail a little bit , '' the 31-year-old said .
Six Nations debutant Jacob Stockdale on the attack for Ireland against France
`` To build that amount of phases , to keep the ball - the conditions are awful - and then the stones on Johnny at the end was incredible .
`` I thought it ( the drop goal ) was a little short . It went in slow motion and it just crept over .
`` We knew it was the last play . They ran off celebrating and we all went along . It was unbelievably special . ''
Delta Air Lines Inc. is looking north of the border for its next partnership , announcing today its intentions to form a joint venture with WestJet , Canada 's second largest airline .
Delta has used joint ventures to spread its wings around the world , tying up with airlines in China , Brazil , Mexico and across the Atlantic over the last 25 years .
The practice has especially accelerated in the last five years as Delta has paired greater global connectivity with its extensive network in the U.S. , centered at its hub in Atlanta .
WestJet has airline alliances that give its customers access to 175 destinations in 20 countries . The deal would coordinate schedules for new nonstop flights and expand codesharing with Delta , which WestJet sees as a key partner in its quest to become a more global airline . The joint venture is subject to board , shareholder and regulatory approval , according to a Delta news release . It 's unclear whether it would mean more nonstop flights to Canada from Atlanta .
“ We look forward to applying Delta 's experience building successful joint venture partnerships to this important segment of transborder travel , the second-largest international segment for U.S. travel , ” said Steve Sear , Delta 's president of international and executive vice president of global sales .
WestJet is based in Calgary in the province of Alberta .
* PUTS ON CHECKERED SLIP-ON VANS * Ska Cover Of The Mii Channel Music Will Make You Want To Skank And Game
Before you ask : Yes , everything deserves a ska cover . In fact , this dude 's entire channel is perfect as it 's mostly all ska covers of all of your favorite songs .
'The ability to passively capture health data is critical to the success of continuous care platforms and clinical research , ' said the Google sister company
SAN FRANCISCO , USA – Alphabet 's life sciences unit Verily on Friday , April 14 , US time unveiled a wrist-worn `` Study Watch '' designed to gather complex health data in clinical studies .
Study Watch is meant for research and will be put to work in several studies including a multi-year study to identify patterns in the progression of Parkinson 's disease , according to a blog post by Verily team members David He , Tushar Parlikar , and Harry Xiao .
`` The ability to passively capture health data is critical to the success of continuous care platforms and clinical research , '' the post from the Google sister company said .
`` Study Watch represents another step in our targeted efforts to create new tools for unobtrusive bio-sensing . ''
Study Watch appeared styled after a traditional wrist-worn timepiece , and boasted features including long battery life and encryption for stored data .
`` Multiple physiological and environmental sensors are designed to measure relevant signals for studies spanning cardiovascular , movement disorders , and other areas , '' the blog post said .
`` Examples include electrocardiogram , heart rate , electrodermal activity , and inertial movements . ''
Verily was part of the Google X lab known for big vision projects such as self-driving cars and internet-service delivered by high-altitude balloons , but was spun into an independent unit at Google-parent Alphabet in mid 2015 .
The debut of Study Watch comes as Apple continues to enhance capabilities of its smartwatch along with supporting Health Kit and Research Kit software for use by researchers and care providers as well as individuals interested in fitness .
A secret team is working on enhancing Apple Watch sensors to monitor the blood sugar levels of wearers in what would be considered a diabetes breakthrough , according to a report this week by CNBC news . – Rappler.com
April 10 Uniti Group Inc -
* To acquire Southern Light
* Deal for approximately $ 700 million in cash and equity
* Expects to achieve annual run-rate cost savings related to acquisition of southern light of $ 10 million within 24 months after closing
* Deal consideration consists of $ 635 million in cash and issuance of approximately 2.5 million operating partnership units
* Transaction is intended to be leverage neutral on a pro forma basis following expected permanent financing
* Expects to fund transaction with cash on hand , proceeds from potential debt or equity financings , borrowings under revolving credit facility
* Received committed financing from CitiGroup , JPMorgan Chase Bank , N.A . and RBC Capital Markets LLC for entire cash portion of purchase price
* Expects to fund transaction with cash on hand , proceeds from potential debt or equity financings and borrowings under revolving credit facility Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
The House Intelligence Committee released its classified memo detailing alleged abuse by senior FBI and Justice Department officials on Friday , after the president approved its release .
“ The Committee , which is responsible for overseeing the activities of the Intelligence Community , hopes the publication of this information will help inform the public about abuses that have occurred at the DOJ and FBI , and spur needed reform and accountability at those agencies so that similar abuses will not occur under any administration , Democrat or Republican , ” the committee said in a statement accompanying the memo .
“ The government 's surveillance capabilities are extraordinary powers that must be carefully circumscribed to protect Americans ' civil liberties . Any use of these powers for political purposes or any purpose other than defending the American people is intolerable , ” it said .
Democrats , as well as senior officials at the Justice Department and the FBI , had pushed back hard against its release .
Among the memo 's findings are :
The anti-Trump dossier funded by the Clinton campaign and the Democratic National Committee formed an “ essential ” part of the initial and all three renewal surveillance applications against Trump campaign adviser Carter Page ;
The political origins of the dossier were “ known to senior DOJ and FBI officials , ” but those origins were not included in applications to obtain the warrant ;
Also used to justify the surveillance warrants against Page was a news story supposedly corroborating the dossier , that was pushed by the dossier author Christopher Steele themselves — yet the FISA application incorrectly says Steele did not provide the information in the article ;
Perkins Coie — the law firm for the Clinton campaign and the Democratic National Committee hosted a meeting with Steele , Fusion GPS and media ( this revelation makes it harder for the Clinton campaign and the DNC to deny they knew about the dossier , though Clinton and other top DNC officials at that time have denied knowing about it ) ;
Steele was “ suspended and then terminated ” as an FBI source , after the FBI learned that they made an authorized disclosure of their relationship with the FBI to liberal media magazine Mother Jones , and they lied to the FBI about their previous media contacts with Yahoo ! and other outlets ;
Steele — although portrayed as a “ boy scout ” by Fusion GPS co-founder Glenn Simpson — had personal bias against candidate Donald Trump , telling senior Justice Department official Bruce Ohr that they were “ desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about them not being president ” ;
Ohr 's wife Nellie Ohr assisted with the dossier , but the FBI or the DOJ did not disclose this connection in the application for the FISA warrant , even though Bruce Ohr worked “ closely ” with Deputy Attorney Generals Sally Yates and then Rod Rosenstein — who both signed off on at least one FISA application or renewal ;
At the time that the FBI used the dossier to obtain the spy warrant on Page in October 2016 , head of the FBI 's counterintelligence division Bill Priestap had assessed that the corroboration of the dossier was still in its “ infancy , ” and after Steele was terminated as a source , an FBI unit assessed their reporting as only “ minimally corroborated ” ;
FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe acknowledged to the House Intelligence Committee in December 2017 that no warrant would have been sought without the dossier ;
The FISA warrant also mentioned information related to another Trump campaign adviser , George Papadopoulos , even though there was no evidence of cooperation or conspiracy between Page and Papadopoulos ;
The memo does not state what the information about Papadopoulos was , but said that information was the trigger to the FBI 's counterintelligence investigation on Russian meddling and collusion in late July 2016 ( he had told an Australian diplomat at a London bar that a Maltese professor connected to Russia had told them they had dirt on Clinton in the form of emails ) ;
Peter Strzok , the No . 2 at the FBI 's counterintelligence division opened the bureau 's investigation on Russian meddling and collusion ( text messages between them and fellow FBI official and lover Lisa Page show that they held an anti-Trump bias ) ;
The FBI authorized payments to Steele , but never disclosed that in any of the FISA warrant applications .
The memo was released without any of the redactions sought by the FBI and the DOJ . Read it below :
fisa-memo by breitbartnews on Scribd
Read the Memo 's Key points , according to the House Intelligence Committee :
Hpsci Memo Key Points Final by Breitbart News on Scribd
In the last year , there 's been a big drop in support for charter schools , while other forms of school choice are getting a little less unpopular . That 's the top line of a national poll released today .
President Trump and their education secretary Betsy DeVos have put school choice front and center on their education agenda . The general idea of `` choice , '' however , takes many forms .
Charter schools are paid for by tax dollars , charge no tuition and are managed independently of public school districts .
Vouchers allow students to use tax dollars to pay tuition at private schools .
Tax-credit scholarships , now available in 17 states , which allow individuals and companies to get a tax credit for donating to scholarship funds that are used in turn for private school tuition .
U.S. opinion on these ideas seems to be shifting , according to a new poll from EducationNext , an opinion and policy journal associated with free-market education reform ideas . They 've been asking similar questions for the past decade .
Here are the latest results :
Charters : Last year 51 percent of the public supported `` the formation of charter schools '' ; this year it 's just 39 percent , a 12 point drop in one year .
Vouchers : 45 percent are either strongly or somewhat supportive of universal vouchers . That 's a bounce from last year , but more or less in line with the five years before .
Tax credits : This was the most popular form of school choice with 55 percent of the general public supporting this year ; also a one-year bounce , but in line with longer-term trends .
There 's no one obvious explanation for the change in opinion on charter schools . The drop was seen among both Democrats and Republicans and amongst all racial and ethnic groups .
`` That 's the largest change on any survey item , and one of the largest single-year changes in opinion that we 've seen over the 11-year history of the survey , '' Martin West , the editor-in-chief of EducationNext , said on a press conference call .
The wording of the question — about the formation of charter schools — may hold a clue . In theory , it might be possible to have very positive feelings about the charter schools currently in your community , yet still oppose new ones .
And the expansion of charters is exactly what communities around the country have been fighting over .
Last year the NAACP and Black Lives Matter called for a moratorium on the growth of charter schools ( the NAACP called more recently for a ban on for-profit management of these schools ) . The state of Massachusetts saw a bruising fight over its charter cap . Detroit 's proliferation of charters has been labeled `` a glut '' and `` chaos . '' And charter expansion was the central issue in the school board race in Los Angeles , one of the biggest public school districts in the country .
The nationally representative poll breaks down respondents by political party , and there 's a clear partisan divide on many issues , even as public opinion shifts . Last year , for example , 57 percent of Democrats favored universal vouchers , against 45 percent of Republicans . This year they 've switched places : 62 percent of Republicans like them and only 50 percent of Democrats agree .
Zeroing in on that political divide , pollsters also measured what they called the `` Trump effect . '' That is , how do responses change when some people are told that the president supports or opposes a particular issue ?
They found that self-identified Republicans are more likely to support an issue if they are informed that Trump also supports it , while Democrats are the opposite . However , Trump 's net influence is nearly nil , which makes them less of a force than President Obama was in this poll in 2009 . Back then , when respondents on all sides were told the new President supported an education issue , they were more likely to back it , by double digits .
This poll , then , serves as a snapshot of what some have called the breakdown of a long-standing bipartisan consensus on education that dated back to No Child Left Behind .
Still , there is one enduring issue where blue- and red-state opinions are near-identical : approval of the local public schools . 55 percent of Republicans and 54 percent of Democrats give local schools a B or an A .
* Fed comments on balance sheet trigger selloff
* March U.S. private sector job additions beat estimates
* Record highs for Amazon , Microsoft and Apple
* Indexes down : Dow 0.03 pct , S & P 0.16 pct , Nasdaq 0.39 pct ( Updates to late afternoon , adds commentary )
By Sinead Carew
April 5 U.S. stocks turned negative on Wednesday afternoon after meeting minutes showed that the Federal Reserve sees a change in its bond investment policy later this year , which reversed a rally after a strong jobs report earlier in the day .
Most Federal Reserve policymakers think the central bank should take steps to begin trimming its $ 4.5 trillion balance sheet later this year as long as the economic data holds up , minutes released at 2pm ET showed .
`` A little bit of the optimism has ebbed out of the market , '' due to the additional signs of monetary policy tightening , according to Chris Zaccarelli , Chief Investment Officer , at Cornerstone Financial Partners , in Huntersville , North Carolina .
The Nasdaq biotechnology index turned negative shortly after the minutes , likely because investors turned away from riskier investments after the news , according to Zaccarelli . The biotech index was last down 0.94 percent .
At 3:25PM ET , the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 6.34 points , or 0.03 percent , to 20,682.9 , the S & P 500 had lost 3.71 points , or 0.16 percent , to 2,356.45 and the Nasdaq Composite had dropped 22.86 points , or 0.39 percent , to 5,875.75 .
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.25-to-1 ratio ; on Nasdaq , a 1.78-to-1 ratio favored decliners .
The S & P 500 posted 38 new 52-week highs and 4 new lows ; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 71 new highs and 52 new lows .
Brian Battle , director of trading at Performance Trust Capital Partners in Chicago also said the late afternoon selloff was related to the Fed minutes and the comment that the Fed sees a change to its reinvestment policy as likely to be appropriate . ( Additional reporting by Rodrigo Campos in New York , Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru ; Editing by James Dalgleish and Nick Zieminski )
× Healthy Living : Research shows heart attacks peak on Christmas Day
Ever heard of “ holiday heart attacks ” ? It 's a real thing ! According to the American Heart Association , more people die from heart attacks during the holidays than any other time of the year .
In fact , research from a 2004 report http : //circ.ahajournals.org/content/110/25/3781
shows more cardiac deaths occurred on December 25th than any other day of the year , followed by December 26th and January 1st .
Dr. Francisco Yuviengco with CHI Franciscan Health says part of the reason is changes in lifestyle around the holidays . Poor diet , lack of exercise and increased alcohol play a role in increased risk of a heart attack , but the biggest culprit may be stress . Doctors say stress can cause blood vessels to narrow . Stress can also cause an inflammatory cascade which is not healthy for your blood vessels and releases endogenous proteins that can causes clots to happen in otherwise healthy blood vessels .
Another concern , according to Dr. Yuviengco , is people who are suffering symptoms of a heart attack often delay seeing a doctor or going to the emergency department , primarily out of inconvenience .
Warning signs for a heart attack include chest discomfort , discomfort in areas of the upper body , shortness of breath , a cold sweat , nausea or lightheadedness . In addition , women may also experience vomiting , back and/or jaw pain .
If you or someone you know experiences any of these symptoms , call 911 right away to get it checked out . Minutes matter in saving lives and preserving quality of life .
For more information visit the American Heart Association http : //www.heart.org/HEARTORG/Conditions/HeartAttack/WarningSignsofaHeartAttack/Warning-Signs-of-a-Heart-Attack_UCM_002039_Article.jsp # .Wi9SAU1e6Uk
Remember , cold weather can also play a role in an increased risk for heart attacks . Chilly temperatures can constrict arteries and increase demand on the heart .
According to the American Heart Association , people who have had a heart attack are at increased risk of another one and should be careful through the holidays as their habits change .
Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne took credit for saving Stelco jobs and protecting retirees ' pensions during a campaign stop in front of the troubled steelmaker May 30 .
Wynne , accompanied by veteran Hamilton Liberal MPP Ted McMeekin , who is in a tough reelection fight in Hamilton West-Ancaster-Dundas and Liberal candidates Deirdre Pike and Darrin Starr , said the Liberal government has protected about 2,000 steelworkers ' jobs while managing to provide the company with the fairest deal possible to save it .
Standing in front of a truck that contained hot-rolled steel , Wynne , who was elected premier in 2013 , called Stelco the “ beating heart of Hamilton , ” which the Liberal government supported through difficult times , including the company 's economic restructuring process and fighting to save jobs , to save pensions .
Stelco emerged from court-supervised bankruptcy protect in 2017 after nearly three years . The company was purchased by U.S.-based Bedrock Industries .
Hamilton 's Stelco plant has 540 active employees and about 9,000 retirees .
As the United States tariffs on steel and aluminum exemptions are set to expire June 1 for Canada , Wynne said they were talking to Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to get an extended exemption from the Americans .
“ We are calling on our U.S. counterparts to remove the threat of tariffs for good , ” they said . “ Securing this exemption took a lot of hard work . It 's not good for industry , and it 's not good for workers . ”
Wynne said over the past year they have met with 37 United States senators , members of congress and governors in an effort to push back against U.S. protectionist trade policies .
“ We ca n't let ideology get in our way , ” said Wynne , whose party is now a distant third behind the Progressive Conservatives and NDP . “ We have to work collaboratively . We have to have a North American position on steel . ”
They said the NDP 's Andrea Horwath has been historically opposed to free trade , calling it an “ impractical ” position .
SEVIERVILLE ( WATE ) – The Sevier County Humane Society started a fundraising campaign to help animals in the area after the wildfire .
The shelter has raised over $ 76,860 through its crowdfunding page .
The organization 's building is need of repairs . Also , its Gnatty Branch location is in a remote area that makes it hard for Sevier County residents to access . Some visitors may need to use a 4-wheel drive vehicle to go to the property .
The shelter has taken in over 3,000 animals in recent years , according to the humane society . The location was originally created for to care for 1,000 animals each year .
NEW YORK , April 3 The U.S. East Coast gasoline market looks set to begin the summer driving season with fewer barrels in storage than last year , as refiners have been profiting by producing winter grade gasoline longer than usual , trading sources said .
Traders said the additional production of winter grade came because the price of butane BUT-USG , a key blending component for winter gasoline , has nearly halved in two months . That spurred traders and refiners to make more of the higher-volatility fuel that can not be used in the summer .
U.S. gasoline futures crack spreads RBc1-CLc1 , an indication of refining profits , remain at seven-year seasonal lows as inventories hover above the five-year average . Making the cheaper grade of fuel is one way to offset that .
However , there is a limited two-month window to make the trade work , so those who can get the blending components at the right prices will continue to blend winter grade , particularly as favorable economics to store the barrels fade , traders said .
Summer gasoline is harder and more expensive to produce than winter grade , which is why pump prices tend to rise with the heat . In 2016 , a glut of inventory hammered refiners ' margins and they started blending winter grade gasoline earlier than usual .
In the winter , when evaporation is less of a concern , gasoline is made with a higher Reid Vapor Pressure ( RVP ) , a common measure of the volatility of gasoline , by blending butane into it .
Butane prices typically tend to fall in late February and March when blending demand tapers but this year rose to a two-year high early in February before dropping .
`` Certainly last year for local refiners the economics were there to make summer grade early and that created an artificial surplus because summer grade gasoline was going into tanks before there was any consumption , '' said one East Coast trader who currently has sales lined up for the winter blend .
`` This year , there will certainly be less ( summer grade ) to start the summer season . ''
Typically the switch to summer grade starts between late-March and mid-April as refiners come out of maintenance but if demand persists , they are expected to make the winter fuel for longer .
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) mandates that summer-grade gasoline and reformulated gasoline be used in certain regions staring May 1 for refiners and terminals , and June 1 for gasoline retailers .
The market structure is also supportive of blending winter grade , as gasoline futures are in backwardation , when prompt prices are higher than deferred prices , discouraging making and storing summer barrels .
The front-month contract 's premium to the second month RBc1-RBc2 rose to as much as 0.77 cents per gallon on Monday , flipping from a discount just last week .
U.S. gasoline prices are about 16 percent higher than a year ago and are inching closer to a seasonal two-year high as inventories have begun drawing consistently .
Gasoline inventories in the East Coast region fell to 65.6 million barrels as of March 24 , their lowest since late December , but are still at the highest seasonal level in at least seven years , according to the Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) .
The EIA does not provide a break up of summer and winter blends in storage but traders believe most of the barrels are winter grade and will draw down over the next few weeks .
The East Coast accounts for nearly a third of the country 's total gasoline demand and includes New York Harbor , delivery point for the New York Mercantile Exchange contract .
However , the move to keep producing winter barrels could backfire if demand peters out and refiners could get stuck with gasoline that then would not be legal for sale until September .
`` There 's a pretty limited window to do this ... it will be opportunistic , '' said Robert Campbell , head of oil products markets at consultancy Energy Aspects .
`` It does make summer look a little better ( for refiners ) . '' ( Reporting by Devika Krishna Kumar in New York ; Editing by Marguerita Choy )
* French two-year yields set for biggest weekly fall in almost five years
* The Biggest monthly fall in over four years as election risks fade
* Bund yields set for biggest weekly rise since early March
* Euro/dollar one-week implied volatility down sharply ( Updates with details )
By Dhara Ranasinghe
LONDON , April 28 France 's two-year bond yields were set to end April with their biggest slide in over four years on Friday , a sign that investors see little risk of anti-euro Marine Le Pen winning the final round of France 's presidential race .
Centrist Emmanuel Macron , who beat Le Pen into second place in Sunday 's first round , is expected to easily beat them in the May 7 run-off , according to the latest opinion polls .
As worries over France and the potential break-up of the euro zone have receded in the past week , France 's bond market has racked up some its strongest gains in years .
The two-year government bond yield , which moves in the opposite direction to the price , was on track to finish the month down about 12 basis points , its biggest drop since February 2013 .
It was trading on Friday at minus 0.52 percent , and set for its biggest weekly fall in almost five years with a drop of 14 basis points .
French 10-year bond yields were set for their biggest monthly fall since June 2016 , down 20 basis points .
`` The reduction in the Le Pen victory risk reduces redenomination risks , '' said Alessio de Longis , a portfolio manager at OppenheimerFunds .
`` We 're not completely out of the woods but the consensus is that those who voted for ( conservative Francois ) Fillon and ( far-left Jean-Luc ) Mélenchon will vote for Macron . ''
French bond markets were battered earlier this year as investors fretted that Le Pen 's strong showing in opinion polls raised euro zone break-up risks .
That not only boosted demand for safe-haven German bonds but also hammered peripheral bond markets viewed as vulnerable to any fracturing of the single-currency bloc .
Southern European bond yields have all seen steep falls this week . Portugal 's 10-year yield was on track for its biggest monthly fall since July 2015 , tumbling over 40 bps .
By contrast , German yields have risen not just as political risks in France fade but also as investors turn their attention to a pick-up in inflation and potential changes to ECB monetary policy .
German 10-year bond yields were set to end the week 7 bps higher - their biggest weekly rise since early March .
An ebbing in French political risks was also felt in currency markets .
Euro/dollar one-week implied volatility - derived from the price of options used to hedge against big price swings in the exchange rate - fell over 12 percentage points on the week , the biggest fall on record . ( Editing by Jemima Kelly and Catherine Evans )
VOL . 42 | NO . 21 | Friday , May 25 , 2018
NASHVILLE ( AP ) — Police have arrested 20 people in a protest that blocked a street near the Tennessee Capitol as they called for gun control , changes to the military system and other social justice measures .
The Tennessee Poor People 's Campaign protest Tuesday happened a few blocks from where President Donald Trump spoke several hours later in Nashville . The protest was similar to ones the group held the last two weeks near the Capitol .
Several people lay down in the roadway as city police surrounded them , telling them on a megaphone that they would be arrested if they did n't stop blocking the road . The group read off demands to help poor people .
Metro Nashville Police spokesperson Don Aaron said the 20 protesters were given citations for obstructing .
All Sports Report : Sunday August 13 , 2017
0:00-0:29 Tatis homerun
0:30-1:20 Junior Over the Line tournament
1:21- 1:53 Encinitas Little League
1:54-2:28 Del Mar races
UPDATE 1-Thousands rally in Turkey after opposition lawmaker jailed
ANKARA , June 15 Several thousand people took to the streets of Turkey 's two biggest cities on Thursday to protest against a 25-year prison sentence handed down to an opposition lawmaker on spying charges .
UPDATE 1-Sky and Virgin Media join forces for targeted TV advertising
LONDON , June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global 's Virgin Media will team up to offer advertisers access to more than 30 million TV viewers in Britain and Ireland .
April 20 Siam Commercial Bank Pcl
* Says Q1 net profit up 13 percent at 11.9 billion baht ( $ 346.5 million )
* Says non performing loans at 2.7 percent of lending at end-March vs 2.67 percent at end-2016
* Says loans up 0.7 percent in Q1 from end-2016 Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 34.34 baht ) ( Reporting by Orathai Sriring )
VOL . 41 | NO . 23 | Friday , June 09 , 2017
LEWISBURG ( AP ) — Chinese auto supplier Minth Group is investing $ 13 million in a Tennessee plant , creating 200 jobs .
Republican Gov . Bill Haslam on Tuesday announced the plans by Minth to renovate an existing 125,000-square-foot facility in Lewisburg that will serve as a manufacturing facility and distribution warehouse for parts made elsewhere .
Minth COO Jimmy Chen says the company got its start in the United States 10 years ago with its first plant in Michigan . They say the new Tennessee facility will help the company provide customers with `` better and more immediate support . ''
Minth designs and manufactures structural body , trim and decorative parts for the automotive industry . The company has plants around the world , supplying the auto industry in 29 countries .
ZURICH , March 31 Credit Suisse is conducting an internal investigation over whether staff breached compliance rules after three of its offices were searched in tax evasion probes , the head of its International Wealth Management division said on Friday .
`` The investigation will be executed by compliance , it will not be executed by the business , '' Iqbal Khan , who is responsible for Credit Suisse 's private banking operations outside Switzerland and Asia Pacific , said in a telephone interview with Reuters .
`` If any individuals are implicated or have violated against these processes or procedures or policies that are in place then we will identify that very quickly . ''
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SEATTLE -- Growth is coming at a huge cost to a local business owner .
Jodi Opitz has been in a battle with the city of Seattle over parking at their business , and racked up a half-million dollar in fines in the process .
The sound of music from rock to jazz and everything in between has been the tune at Seattle Rehearsal for 28 years .
“ You have enough struggles to try to own and operate a business , then to have your city try to put you out , ” said Opitz , unable to finish their sentence from the emotion welling up .
She 's the owner of Seattle Rehearsal in SODO . It 's a 24/7 operation renting studios to musicians .
Crosscut.com first reported on Opitz 's parking battle with the city .
Opitz has put “ No Parking ” signs on their loading dock door to make sure the space is free and she 's able to get music equipment in and out . Towing signs also line the walls near the loading dock door .
The Seattle Department of Transportation says they ca n't do that and wants them to put up signs allowing parking for 30 minutes or an hour at a time to the public .
“ If you can visual one car parking for half hour or an hour , then the other car coming and parking for half hour or an hour , you could do that forever and never have access to your loading dock , ” said Opitz .
They say they own their building and lives there , too . A lot of time and money to customize this property has helped their business thrive .
For almost three decades on Occidental in Sodo , they say as Seattle has grown so has this industrial area .
“ The problem has been that a lot of people have converted these buildings into offices and now it 's become an eight-hour parking lot . ”
The parking dispute with the city started years ago .
The city has limited hour parking signs at neighboring businesses on Occidental , but Opitz says they wo n't put up those because they do n't work for their 24/7 business model .
“ I have 180 tenants in the building and then I have hourly rehearsals as well , ” said Opitz .
They believe they have the right to reasonable access to their property and says the signs they put up warning drivers they 'll get towed have worked .
“ If I ca n't get into the building , I start losing customers and clients , ” said Opitz .
Them choice to not comply with SDOT has come at a steep cost , a $ 500 daily fine . Today , they owe more than a half -million dollars .
“ $ 545,000 , ” said Opitz totaling the cost .
SDOT says it ca n't comment specifically about Opitz 's situation because she 's in an active litigation with the city .
“ I lose my business one way or another if I ca n't get in . I 'm going to lose my business if I have to pay half a million-dollar fine , I 'm going to have to sell and get out of here . ”
Opitz says this work is their life . She 's provided rehearsing space for big names like Heart , Macklemore , and Elvis Costello . They say she 'll keep fighting to make sure the music never stops .
The city says they 've been looking into parking options in SODO .
Mayor Jenny Durkan 's office said “ As a candidate and now as Mayor , Mayor Durkan has spent time meeting with and listening to businesses and residents of SODO . They understand both the importance of the jobs in SODO and the burdens growth has placed on the area . Mayor Durkan has directed SDOT and other City departments , including Office of Economic Development and the Seattle Police Department , to evaluate a number of actions the City can take to support the range of businesses in SODO , including changes to parking . They want this parking issue and the litigation quickly resolved , ” said Stephanie Formas , spokesperson for Durkan .
The Japanese Cultural Center of Hawai ‘ i will honor three individuals and four organizations at its “ Sharing the Spirit of Aloha Annual Gala ” on Saturday , June 16 , at the Hilton Hawaiian Village Coral Ballroom . Being honored this year are the Onizuka Memorial Committee , ‘ ukulele virtuoso Jake Shimabukuro , actor and civil rights advocate George Takei and recently retired Bank of Hawaii executive Donna Tanoue , as well as the Nisei Veterans Legacy , Nisei Veterans Memorial Center ( Maui ) and the Go For Broke National Education Center ( Los Angeles ) .
The gala celebrates and honors individuals , or-
ganizations and businesses who reflect the aloha spirit in their service to the community and professional work and pays tribute to those who have helped to advance the mission of the JCCH , enhance the development of the Japanese American community , or worked to preserve and perpetuate Japanese American heritage and culture in Hawai ‘ i .
The reception and silent auction will begin at 5 p.m. with dinner and program to start at 6 .
Individual tickets are $ 250 ( $ 200 for JCCH members ) with table sponsorships ( table of eight ) ranging from $ 3,000 to $ 25,000 . Proceeds from the event will support JCCH 's programs and services . Tickets can be reserved by calling JCCH at 945-7633 .
ROME Italy posted a state sector budget deficit of 5.2 billion euros ( $ 5.67 billion ) in April , narrowing by around 3 billion euros compared with the same month last year , the Treasury said on Tuesday .
The Treasury said April 's accounts had been boosted this year by a payment to state coffers of 2.15 billion euros of profits made by the Bank of Italy . Last year the equivalent payment was made in May .
In the first four months of the year , the deficit amounted to 34.5 billion euros , which was `` broadly in line '' with the same period of 2016 , the Treasury said in a statement .
The state sector borrowing requirement ( SSBR ) , a measure of the gap between central government spending and income , differs from the broader `` general government '' accounts , which the European Union Stability and Growth Pact refers to when assessing countries ' deficit performances .
Italy aims to trim its general government deficit this year to 2.1 percent of gross domestic product from 2.4 percent last year , remaining inside European Union 's 3 percent ceiling .
( $ 1 = 0.9178 euros )
( Reporting By Gavin Jones )
April 28 Daodaoquan Grain And Oil Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to fluctuate by -30 percent to 10 percent , or to be 90.4 million yuan to 142.0 million yuan , compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 ( 129.1 million yuan )
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/GXqtKt
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
WELLINGTON , March 29 Kane Williamson felt there were numerous positives to take out of New Zealand 's international season even if they were deprived of a victorious climax to it by the Hamilton rain .
South Africa clinched the three-match series 1-0 on Wednesday after the final day of the third test at Seddon Park was washed out without a ball being bowled , ensuring the Proteas would hold on for a draw .
`` Although it 's frustrating with today and not being able to get some cricket in , on a positive note , it has been a good season , '' captain Williamson said after umpires Rod Tucker and Bruce Oxenford called off the match .
`` I still think while there have been some positives in terms of results , it 's about growth with a number of transitions in personnel . There are a lot of positives .
`` Good to get some wins along the way but , as a unit , we have grown together and coming into this last game to perhaps play our best test match is a really good sign . ''
Williamson 's test side is still finding its feet but beat Pakistan 2-0 in a series late last year and followed that with a victory over Bangladesh by the same margin .
While the Proteas proved altogether tougher opponents , it was the weather which had the last word on a finely-poised first test in Dunedin , with a final day washout again forcing a draw .
In the second test in Wellington , New Zealand suffered their only defeat of the home season .
Suffering one of the mental collapses that has so often hampered their test game , New Zealand were undone by left-arm spinner Keshav Maharaj on a Basin Reserve pitch that was offering them little or no assistance and lost by eight wickets .
They had to play the third test without new ball duo Trent Boult and Tim Southee as well as batting mainstay Ross Taylor but newcomers Jeet Raval , Tom Latham and Colin de Grandhomme stepped up with the bat .
Matt Henry , so often the fourth choice seamer for a team which usually fields a three-pronged pace attack , took the new ball with relish and claimed career-best figures of 4-93 in the first innings .
`` I think the pleasing thing for us was that we 're showing signs of improvement with a number of experienced players out as well , the guys stepped up and contributed , '' Williamson added .
`` Someone like Jeet getting challenged by probably the best bowling attack in world cricket and fronting up game after game was outstanding , especially against the new ball .
`` Matt Henry , who probably deserves more opportunities through the year to see them take wickets with the new ball it 's good for the depth .
`` I think it is a good one to build from in test cricket . '' ( Reporting by Greg Stutchbury ; Editing by Nick Mulvenney )
BARWON HEADS , Australia — Australian Minjee Lee shot a 2-over 75 Saturday and held on to a one-stroke lead at the Vic Open , the first tournament of the year on the Ladies European Tour .
Lee had a three-round total of 7-under 212 , one better than fellow Australian Karis Davidson , who shot 67 Saturday .
Cheyenne Woods , niece of Tiger Woods , rebounded from a second-round 80 to shoot 69 and was five strokes behind Lee and tied for fifth .
At a PGA of Australia Tour men 's event held alongside the women 's tournament , Australian Simon Hawkes held a one-stroke lead after a 64 .
Joanna Gaines has a serious groupie on their hands — their husband , Chip !
The Fixer Upper star stopped by Today in New York City on Tuesday to celebrate the release of their cookbook , Magnolia Table . But when the expecting mom , 40 — who is pregnant with the couple 's fifth baby , a son — looked out at the crowd , one fan stood out from the rest .
“ Thanks for the support @ chipgaines , ” they wrote on a photo of their husband , 43 , holding up a sign that read “ I [ heart ] Joanna Gaines ! ” Their expression mimics , if not outshines , the rest of the excited group that gathered to see the HGTV host up-close .
RELATED : Chip and Joanna Gaines ' Empire : Every Product Line , TV Show and Side Hustle That Has Made Them Wildly Successful
Chip shared the full video on their own Instagram , where they were caught jumping up and down and exclaiming , “ Where is she ! ? ” and “ Have you seen her ? ! ” to their fellow Joanna supporters .
In addition to their spirited support , the famous contractor also wrote a sweet note to their wife on social media . “ Jo 's cookbook is officially out ! Let me tell you , she 's poured their heart into this book , and I could n't be more proud , ” they captioned their post . “ I think your belly is gon na love it as much as mine does . ”
Them biscuits are simply amazing ! And the year-long process to get them so amazing was just as fun as finally landing on the perfect one .. but their chocolate chip cookies are real showstoppers . So flip a coin if you ask me to choose . # magnoliaTable https : //t.co/aCw7AiDXG0 — Chip Gaines ( @ chipgaines ) April 24 , 2018
While he 's fully behind the tome as a whole , they do have a hard time choosing their favorite dish from the roundup of Southern comfort treats .
“ Her biscuits are simply amazing ! And the year-long process to get them so amazing was just as fun as finally landing on the perfect one , ” they said in response to a fan who asked which recipe was the best . “ But their chocolate chip cookies are real showstoppers . So flip a coin if you ask me to choose . ”
RELATED : Joanna Gaines Got a Big ‘ Surprise ' for Them 40th Birthday : ‘ Here 's to Improving with Age ! '
RELATED VIDEO : Joanna Gaines on What Really Happened on Them Snowy Magnolia Cover Shoot : ‘ I Was Slowly Sinking '
The release of their latest project comes a few weeks after the series finale of their hit show . Although their spinoff , Behind the Design , is currently airing , the two have n't yet revealed if they have plans to return to TV . When Today 's Savannah Guthrie posed the question , Chip masterfully avoided answering , instead joking about an earlier comment they made on how they used to date “ bigger-boned girls , ” and how they should pursue a show about their dating advice .
“ They said that there was a real market for this thing , ” they said .
Police : Man shot in both legs during armed robbery
LOWELL , Mass . ( AP ) — Police are investigating the shooting of a man in Massachusetts .
Lowell police say they responded to the scene on North Street to find a 21-year-old man shot in both legs early Tuesday morning .
The victim told officers that they were approached by an armed suspect who robbed them of their cellphone and money .
The man then shot him .
Investigators say the suspect is described as a male wearing dark clothing and a mask .
The victim was taken to an area hospital with injuries that are not life-threatening .
New Zealand has been named the country with the fourth best democracy in the world in a new report ranking countries by how functional their political systems are . According to the report by The Economist Intelligence Unit less than 5 % of the world 's population lives in a “ full democracy ” . Business Insider reports .
“ The US was downgraded from a ‘ full democracy ' to a ‘ flawed democracy ' in the same study last year , which cited the ‘ low esteem in which US voters hold their government , elected representatives , and political parties , ' reports the article .
The study looked at five criteria : “ electoral process and pluralism , “ functioning of government ” , “ political participation ” , “ political culture ” , and “ civil liberties ” .
These are the Top Ten Best Democracies according to the report .
Norway Iceland Sweden New Zealand Denmark Republic of Ireland Canada Australia Finland Switzerland
To find out more , please click here .
Article Source : Business Insider , Alexandra Ma , January 31 , 2018
Image Source : Wikipedia
Mohawk College has unveiled its new City School Mobile trailer .
The custom-built vehicle includes a 1,000-square-foot classroom where college staff will offer pre-apprenticeship training , workshops and college credit courses for free . The trailer was unveiled Friday morning at the Centre on Barton .
The programs are so popular that City School Mobile is booked solid for two years .
The classroom is part of Mohawk College 's move to make a college education within everyone 's reach . It launched the City School initiative in 2015 . The mobile school is the first of its kind in Ontario . It received $ 1.6 million in funding from the province .
The Home Improvement Show arrives in Galway this weekend . So if you are renovating , extending , or building your home , or indeed just love your home , then this is a weekend not to be missed !
With leading suppliers from across Ireland and the UK , and many “ SHOW ONLY ” special offers , it 's an exciting opportunity to improve your home & garden .
The Home Improvement Show takes place this Saturday and Sunday 11 to 6pm at Leisureland Salthill , Galway . Tickets are available at eventbrite.ie or on the door . Children are free . Declan O'Donnell one of the judges of Home of the Year will be there on Sunday .
To be in with a chance to win The Emily 's Dream mattress and the Devan bed base from EZ Living one of the many exhibitors at this year 's Home Improvement Show in Leisureland , Salthill this weekend all you have to do is tune in from 3pm with Alan Murphy all this week !
A A
Over the past year , our Northwest neighborhood has been terrorized by an ongoing rash of burglaries , break-ins , car prowls and vehicle thefts .
These nefarious activities have occurred during the day and night . Car prowls and vehicle thefts have been reported daily on the neighborhood network . I love my neighborhood and have felt sad for all of my friends and neighbors who have been the victims of these attacks .
It has also been kind of scary . We never used to even lock our doors . Two weeks ago , a very amazing thing happened . Officer Hammond from Vancouver Police Department called us at 2:30 a.m. to tell us our garage door was up . How cool is that ? Over the course of the next few days , we learned that VPD had been patrolling our neighborhood and had caught at least two or more of the individuals responsible for these break-ins . VPD has also recovered hundreds of items taken in the robberies .
Thanks to Hammond and all the other officers for their great work in making our neighborhood safe again and a great place to live .
Pitching was the name of the game in game two of Monday 's doubleheader at MGM Park between the Tennessee Smokies and the Biloxi Shuckers .
Troy Stokes Jr. provided the only run in the seven inning game with a solo blast , their third home run on the season , in the bottom of the first off Daury Torrez ( L , 5-3 ) . It was the first of only four hits for Biloxi on the night .
That lone run was all the Shuckers needed thanks to a pitching gem turned in by four Shuckers pitchers . Hiram Burgos pitched 2 innings of hit less baseball with two strikeouts . Forrest Snow pitched innings 3 , 4 and 5 , gave up no hits with 4 strikeouts and a base-on-balls . Nick Ramirez was next on the mound . They walked a batter , tossed a strikeout and did n't give up a hit in the 6th inning . Jorge Lopez closed out the 7th inning with no hits and a strikeout and for the first-time in Biloxi Shuckers franchise history , a no-hitter ! Snow ( W , 5-2 ) posted the win for Biloxi and Lopez secured their fifth save .
A small crowd witnessed a big pitching performance by Biloxi , something they will always remember .
Anyone living on the Mississippi Gulf Coast has been dealing with consistent rain all summer long . The Biloxi Shuckers have been dealing with the wet stuff and game one of Monday 's doubleheader was delayed for 35 minutes due to threatening weather .
When the game got underway , Dustin DeMuth launched their eighth home run on the season , a deep ball that sailed over the scoreboard in right field and landed near the parking garage in the second inning that gave Biloxi an early lead .
The Smokies came right back in the top of the third inning off Shuckers starting pitcher . After Trey Martin singled , Charcer Burks hit an RBI single that plated Trey Martin .
Biloxi was in position to take the lead in both the fifth and sixth innings . In the fifth , Biloxi loaded the bases with no outs . However , Smokies pitcher Zach Hedges ( W , 8-9 ) would retire the side without giving up a run . The Shuckers would threaten again in the sixth inning with two base runners and only one out . Hedges would get out of their second jam .
That opened the door wide-open for the Smokies and they took advantage when Shuckers pitcher Matt Ramsey entered the game in the top of the seventh . They gave up a solo home run to Ian Rice . Charcer Burks belted an RBI triple to the wall in right field and they scored on a wild pitch .
A Tennessee player was hit by a pitch and the benches cleared . Luckily , cooler heads prevailed and peace was restored .
James Norwood would pitch the bottom of the seventh for Tennessee and they picked up their first save on the season . They gave up one hit and tossed two strikeouts to shutdown the Shuckers .
Jon Perrin pitched a solid game for the Shuckers . In 5 1/3 innings , they gave up 1 run on 5 hits with 3 strikeouts . Troy Stokes Jr. had 2 hits in 4 trips to the plate for Biloxi and Dustin DeMuth went 2-for-3 with the solo home run .
Copyright 2017 WLOX . All Rights Reserved .
Pro-Brexit group chief denies breaching electoral rules
LONDON ( AP ) — The former head of the official `` Leave '' campaign in Britain 's 2016 vote on European Union membership is denying breaking spending rules ahead of a report from the country 's electoral watchdog .
The Electoral Commission has not yet published its report on Vote Leave .
But Matthew Elliott , who headed the group , says the commission has concluded that Vote Leave broke rules by donating more than 600,000 pounds ( $ 800,000 ) to another group then using the money for its own activities .
Elliott denied wrongdoing Wednesday , saying Vote Leave acted `` both within the letter of the law and also the spirit . ''
The Electoral Commission has conducted several investigations into the referendum , which was won by those wanting Britain to leave the EU .
Another pro-Brexit organization , Leave.EU , was fined 70,000 pounds in May for overspending and filing inaccurate records .
Independent magazine for creative inspiration , free portfolios for creatives and worldwide collective of curated artists , designers and photographers .
All images on our website and magazines are copyrighted by their respective owners .
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
YouTube singer Austin Jones arrested on child pornography charges
LOS ANGELES , June 14 A 24-year-old YouTube singer with a teen fan base has been charged with using social media to solicit explicit videos from two young female fans .
In America , average income has been basically flat for five decades as economic gains increasingly go to a tiny minority at the top of the income bracket . But American wage stagnation is only a small part of a larger global story — one that is summarized in a fascinating new graph . Swedish statistics professor Michael Höhle put together a fascinating visualization of the distribution of incomes , adjusted for inflation , in Africa , the Americas , Asia and Europe between 1950 and 2015 .
It 's rare to find a data visualization with so much information in it . You could watch this over and over and over again and notice a new thing every time . Two big trends , for instance , are the increase in population in Asia over time , and the huge improvements in real income for Asians since 1950 . Another less obvious trend is that European incomes more or less stopped gaining ground in the 1990s . Then there 's the disturbing thickening of African incomes on the left side of the graph starting around 2000 , representing so many people who 've been left behind by global economic growth .
You can read more about the data , math and code behind the graph on Höhle 's blog .
[ Via Reddit ] ​
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG , June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League ( CSL ) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career .
Winning numbers drawn in 'Keno ' game
DETROIT ( AP ) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening 's drawing of the Michigan Lottery 's `` Keno '' game were :
02-03-04-07-09-10-11-15-17-27-37-41-42-43-54-58-64-66-68-72-74-76
( two , three , four , seven , nine , ten , eleven , fifteen , seventeen , twenty-seven , thirty-seven , forty-one , forty-two , forty-three , fifty-four , fifty-eight , sixty-four , sixty-six , sixty-eight , seventy-two , seventy-four , seventy-six )
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday , June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season . ( SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout )
A man who fired shots near Girdwood and apparently fled the area Monday morning prompted Alaska State Troopers to close the Seward Highway from Girdwood to south of Portage .
The closure occurred before 9 a.m. and ended a little before 11 a.m. when the suspect was taken into custody by state troopers .
The man had “ fired off shots , ” a trooper statement said .
Troopers spokesperson Megan Peters said they did not know yet whether the man had shot at someone or something .
“ No injuries have been reported , ” a subsequent trooper statement said .
The highway had been closed at Girdwood for the highway 's southbound lanes and at Mile 75 for the northbound lanes near the “ Welcome to the Kenai Peninsula ” sign .
Less than two weeks ago , troopers closed the Seward Highway at Beluga Point , closer to Anchorage , for 12 hours because of a man who had fired shots and was later found dead .
( Update market action , add quote , graphics )
NEW YORK , April 28 U.S. interest rate futures were steady to marginally lower on Friday as traders saw the Federal Reserve as being on track to raise interest rates further despite news the U.S. economy grew at its weakest pace in three years in the first quarter .
Analysts and traders brushed off government data showing gross domestic product expanded at a 0.7 percent annual rate , blaming the below-forecast reading on a statistical anomaly and seasonal factors .
Instead they said they were confident in an economic rebound in the current quarter together with signs of accelerating employment costs , which would allow the Fed to raise rates as early as June .
The Federal Open Market Committee , the U.S. central bank 's policy-setting group , meets next Tuesday and Wednesday and traders see little chance it will raise rates from its current target range of 0.75 to 1.00 percent .
`` Wage gains are unambiguously accelerating . Meanwhile , the trend in the unemployment rate still appears to be downward . These data will keep pressure on the Fed to keep tightening , '' Jim O'Sullivan , chief U.S. economist at High Frequency Economics , wrote in a research note .
Earlier Friday , the Labor Department said its employment cost index ( ECI ) , which measures wages and benefits , grew at a 0.8 percent annualized pace in the first three months of 2017 , faster than the 0.6 percent rate seen among economists polled by Reuters .
U.S. rates futures fell almost immediately on the GDP and ECI data before turning flat as traders awaited a vote in Washington to try to avert a government shutdown .
Federal funds futures implied traders saw a 71 percent chance the Fed would raise rates to 1.00-1.25 percent at its June policy meeting , unchanged from late on Thursday , CME Group 's FedWatch program showed .
They suggested traders priced in an 84 percent probability the Fed would make such a move at its September meeting , little changed from Thursday 's close .
Fed funds contracts implied traders saw a 54 percent chance the Fed would raise rates to 1.25-1.50 percent in December , up slightly from 51 percent late Thursday , according to CME 's FedWatch .
( Reporting by Richard Leong ; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and James Dalgleish )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
The oil firm 's strong performance was brought about by the 24 % increase in revenues from its core petroleum business
Published 11:37 AM , August 14 , 2017
Lifted by strong performance of its core business , Phoenix Petroleum Philippines saw its core income jump by 35 % in the first half of 2017 to P610 million from P450 million in the same period last year .
MANILA , Philippines –
The oil firm 's strong performance was brought about by the 24 % increase in revenues from its core petroleum business , which ended at P18.9 billion in the 1st 6 months of 2017 .
Including subsidiaries Chelsea Shipping Corporation and Phoenix Petroterminals and Industrial Park Corporation , which were divested in November 2016 and have since been deconsolidated , revenues and net income increased 24 % and 8 % , respectively .
Dennis Uy-owned Phoenix Petroleum has put up 518 retail service stations nationwide during the 1st half of the year .
`` We will continue to sustain the growth momentum of our company as we expand our retail , commercial , lubricants , and LPG businesses , drive operational excellence , and acquire companies , '' said Phoenix Petroleum president and chief executive officer Dennis Uy .
Last May , Phoenix Petroleum announced the potential acquisition of Petronas Energy Philippines Incorporated ( PEPI ) , marking its foray into the liquefied petroleum gas ( LPG ) market .
Phoenix Petroleum secured approval from the Philippine Competition Commission last August 3 and is expecting to close the transaction in the same month .
The acquisition of PEPI will be a strong growth and value driver for Phoenix Petroleum , as it continues to expand its presence in the petroleum industry .
It will be consolidated into the oil firm beginning August and is expected to be already accretive to earnings by end 2017 .
PEPI is principally engaged in the LPG business in the Philippines , particularly in the Visayas and Mindanao regions .
Upon completion , Phoenix Petroleum becomes a more diversified petroleum company with an enhanced product mix and a more robust platform for growth . – Rappler.com
NORTHERN STATES : This region is anticipated to be under sunny and hazy conditions during the forecast period . Day and Night temperature values are expected to be in the range of 30 – 35 oC and 11 – 19 oC respectively .
CENTRAL STATES : Abuja , Minna , Kaduna and Bida are expected to be Sunny and hazy conditions during the forecast period . Day and Night temperature values are expected to be in the range of 27 – 35 oC and 13 – 20 oC respectively .
SOUTHERN STATES : Dust haze conditions are expected with visibility range of 2 – 5 km over the entire Southern region in the next 24 hours . However , some places such as Benin , Enugu and Akure may witness localized visibility values less than 2000m . The Day and Night time temperatures are expected to be in the ranges of 32 – 35oC and 17- 22oC respectively .
Frontiersnews
Actor Bill Cosby ( R ) leaves for a lunch break during a hearing for their upcoming sexual assault trial at Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown , Pennsylvania , U.S. , April 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Clem Murray/Pool
NEW YORK Bill Cosby 's `` Little Bill '' children 's book series landed on a list of the 10 books Americans most often asked librarians to remove from shelves last year after they faced sex assault charges , according to a ranking released on Monday .
The popular series written by Cosby and illustrated by Varnette Honeywood made its debut in ninth place on the American Library Association 's ( ALA ) annual list of the books that are most often challenged in U.S. libraries .
`` These children 's book series was challenged because of criminal sexual allegations against the author , '' the U.S. 's oldest library organization said on its website .
More than 50 women have accused 79-year-old Cosby of sexual assault in a series of alleged attacks dating back to the 1960s . Most of the claims are too old to be the subject of criminal prosecution , but Cosby is due to go on trial in June for charges made in Pennsylvania .
The `` Little Bill '' series was the subject of some of the 323 challenges to books reported to the ALA 's Office for Intellectual Freedom .
The once-heralded children 's series includes three titles selected by Oprah Winfrey for their influential book club , including `` The Meanest Thing to Say , '' `` The Treasure Hunt '' and `` The Best Way to Play . ''
The most challenged book for 2016 was `` This One Summer , '' a young adult graphic novel written by Mariko Tamaki and illustrated by Jillian Tamaki . It won two prestigious prizes - a Printz and a Caldecott Honor Award - but was banned from some library shelves because of lesbian , bisexual , gay or transgender characters , profanity and was considered sexually explicit , the ALA said .
Another Cosby book , their autobiography `` Childhood '' , is the subject of a court battle in their case , with prosecutors seeking to introduce as evidence excerpts which they say show their willingness to use intoxicants to incapacitate women before assaulting them .
( Reporting by Barbara Goldberg ; Editing by Andrew Hay )
A robotic arm changes the tyre of a Tesla car at the world 's biggest industrial fair , `` Hannover Fair '' , in Hanover , Germany April 24 , 2017 . REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer
Record deliveries of Model X vehicles drove Tesla 's revenue to new highs in the first quarter of 2017 . The company led by Elon Musk said its revenue more than doubled to $ 2.70 billion from $ 1.15 billion and blew past analysts ' expectations . Model 3 cars were on track for initial production in July , another factor that might have helped .
Finance mogul David Einhorn said investors are 'hypnotized ' by CEO Elon Musk .
In more earnings news : Facebook 's profit also rose more than 76 percent for the quarter , fueled by robust growth in its mobile ad business .
Check out Tesla and Facebook 's earnings by the numbers in two graphics : here and here .
Smooth ride on the interest rates front as the Federal Reserve kept its benchmark unchanged at 0.75 percent to 1 percent . The Fed said in a bullish statement that the `` slowing in growth during the first quarter as likely to be transitory . ''
Puerto Rico filed for the biggest ever U.S. local government bankruptcy . While it was not immediately clear just how much of Puerto Rico 's $ 70 billion of debt would be included in the bankruptcy , the case is sure to dwarf Detroit 's insolvency in 2013 .
Football Soccer - VFL Wolfsburg v Bayern Munich - Bundesliga - Volkswagen Arena , Wolfsburg , Germany - 29/4/17 Bayern Munich 's Arturo Vidal and Franck Ribery sit on the bench as Carlo Ancelotti looks on Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
Football Soccer - VFL Wolfsburg v Bayern Munich - Bundesliga - Volkswagen Arena , Wolfsburg , Germany - 29/4/17 VfL Wolfsburg 's Luiz Gustavo ( C ) reacts after being shown a second yellow card by referee Felix Zwayer Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
Football Soccer - VFL Wolfsburg v Bayern Munich - Bundesliga - Volkswagen Arena , Wolfsburg , Germany - 29/4/17 VfL Wolfsburg 's Luiz Gustavo ( C ) reacts after being shown a second yellow card by referee Felix Zwayer Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
Football Soccer - VFL Wolfsburg v Bayern Munich - Bundesliga - Volkswagen Arena , Wolfsburg , Germany - 29/4/17 VfL Wolfsburg 's Luiz Gustavo ( C ) reacts after being shown a second yellow card by referee Felix Zwayer Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
Football Soccer - VFL Wolfsburg v Bayern Munich - Bundesliga - Volkswagen Arena , Wolfsburg , Germany - 29/4/17 VfL Wolfsburg 's Luiz Gustavo with Andries Jonker after being sent off Reuters / Fabian Bimmer Livepic
Football Soccer - VFL Wolfsburg v Bayern Munich - Bundesliga - Volkswagen Arena , Wolfsburg , Germany - 29/4/17 Bayern Munich 's Robert Lewandowski , Arturo Vidal and Rafinha celebrate after the match after winning the Bundesliga Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach
BERLIN Bayern Munich celebrated their record-extending fifth consecutive Bundesliga title on Saturday after crushing VfL Wolfsburg 6-0 to open up an unassailable 10-point lead over second-placed RB Leipzig with three matches remaining .
The Bavarians , who have now won 27 German championships , are on 73 points with Leipzig on 63 after they were held to a goalless draw by Ingolstadt earlier in the day .
`` It is amazing what this team did again this season in the Bundesliga , '' said retiring Bayern captain Philipp Lahm . `` It is not a given that we will always march through the league like we did this season . ''
Bundesliga leading scorer Robert Lewandowski netted twice to take their league goal tally to 28 and David Alaba , Thomas Mueller , Arjen Robben and Joshua Kimmich were also on target as Bayern rode roughshod over the hosts .
The Bavarians had promised to bounce back following their mid-week German Cup semi-final defeat to Borussia Dortmund and last week 's Champions League exit to Real Madrid .
They had also failed to win either of their last two league matches , going five games without a win in all competitions as their potential treble-winning season turned into a one-title affair .
`` I am extremely happy and we deserved the victory , '' said coach Carlo Ancelotti . `` It was an amazing experience and I want to thank the fans and the club . Now is the time to celebrate . ''
There was no self-doubt within Ancelotti 's team on Saturday as they scored three times before halftime , knowing Leipzig had failed to win their match .
Bayern finished off the relegation-threatened Wolves with three more goals in the second half , when the hosts were reduced to 10 men following the dismissal of former Bayern player Luiz Gustavo .
`` The league is the most honest of titles , '' said Bavaria CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge . `` And now we have won it for the fifth straight time . That is something unusual and amazing .
`` We will have a good party tonight and then on the last matchday with the fans . I played 10 years at Bayern and won two league titles . Now we have done it five times in a row . Outstanding . ''
Borussia Dortmund remained in third place on 57 points following their goalless draw against Cologne . Hoffenheim , two points behind in fourth , can move back into the top three with victory over Eintracht Frankfurt on Sunday .
Bottom club Darmstadt 98 beat Freiburg 3-0 to earn their third straight win and give themselves yet another lifeline as they are eight points below the relegation playoff spot .
Werder Bremen made it nine wins in their last 11 games with a 2-0 win over European rivals Hertha Berlin to move into sixth place , a point behind their opponents .
( Reporting by Karolos Grohmann ; Editing by Clare Fallon )
Race Relations Commissioner Dame Susan Devoy says New Zealand is becoming more racist , following on from attitudes abroad , as they launch a new campaign urging New Zealanders to Give Nothing to Racism .
LONDON , Dec 10 ( Reuters ) - BAE Systems and Qatar have entered into a contract valued at around 5 billion pounds ( $ 6.7 billion ) for the country to buy 24 Typhoon combat aircraft , the British defence group said on Sunday .
The company said delivery was expected in late 2022 and that the contract was subject “ to financing conditions and receipt by the company of first payment , which are expected to be fulfilled no later than mid-2018 ” .
“ We are delighted to begin a new chapter in the development of a long-term relationship with the State of Qatar and the Qatar Armed Forces , and we look forward to working alongside our customer as they continue to develop their military capability , ” Charles Woodburn , BAE 's chief executive , said in a statement .
In September Qatar 's defence minister was reported to have signed a letter of intent to buy the 24 Typhoon jets from BAE in a move that could anger other Gulf countries boycotting Doha . ( $ 1 = 0.7472 pounds ) ( Reporting by Elizabeth Piper ; Editing by Greg Mahlich )
OAK RIDGE , Tenn. ( WATE ) – The Department of Energy is releasing new information about their plans to clean up the area around ORNL and Y-12 by demolishing old , unused buildings that could pose a threat to the environment .
According to the Department of Energy 's website there are hundreds of dilapidated buildings that could pose risks to the environment as they deteriorate .
The plans include the construction of a mercury treatment facility , followed by large scale demolition at the Y-12 National Security complex .
In the 1950 's and 1960 's , Y-12 used more than 20 million pounds of mercury , and over 700,000 pounds were lost into the building and soil on site .
The treatment facility 's purpose is to capture mercury contamination that could escape buildings and soil during the demolition process . It is projected to reduce mercury in the water released by Y-12 by 84 % .
The mercury treatment facility is expected to operation by 2020 , and demolition should begin shortly after .
* Fourth-qtr GDP up 2.1 pct vs previous estimate of 1.9 pct
* Lululemon slumps after weak first-quarter outlook
* Indexes up : Dow 0.40 pct , S & P 0.31 pct , Nasdaq 0.26 pct ( Adds details , changes comment , updates prices )
By Tanya Agrawal
March 30 U.S. stocks were higher in morning trading on Thursday as bank stocks gained after data showed that the domestic economy grew at a faster pace in the fourth-quarter than previously estimated .
Gross domestic product increased 2.1 percent , compared with the previously reported 1.9 percent , the Commerce Department said .
Bank of America , Citigroup and JPMorgan were all up between 0.8-1.6 percent , while Goldman Sachs ' 1.4 percent rise helped lift the Dow .
The market has been range bound in the past few days as investors look for new catalysts and assess the impact of Republicans ' failure to pass a healthcare bill on tax reform and the rest of President Donald Trump 's pro-growth agenda , hopes for which have helped drive stocks to record highs .
But the rally may be near its peak , according to a Reuters poll of strategists , who forecast U.S. shares will gain less than 3 percent between now and year-end . The S & P had risen 10.3 percent since the U.S. election through Wednesday 's close .
The rapid climb in equities has raised concerns regarding valuations , with the S & P 500 trading at nearly 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months against its long-term average of 15 times .
The market will be looking at quarterly earnings to see if the lofty valuations can be supported . First-quarter earnings for S & P 500 companies are expected to rise 10.1 percent , according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S .
`` It 's the end of the quarter and investors are buying whatever little dip that we 've seen , '' said Paul Nolte , portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management in Chicago .
`` The market has been quiet in the past few days and are looking forward to the first-quarter earnings in the absence of any major economic data . ''
At 10:50 a.m . ET the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 82.9 points , or 0.4 percent , at 20,742.22 .
The S & P 500 was up 7.54 points , or 0.31 percent , at 2,368.67 .
The Nasdaq Composite was up 15.52 points , or 0.26 percent , at 5,913.06 .
Eight of the 11 major S & P sectors were higher , with the financial index 's 0.93 percent rise leading the advancers . Investors are also watching comments from a host of Federal Reserve officials on clues for the path forward for interest rate hikes .
Cleveland Fed President Loretta Mester said they see more rate hikes this year as the U.S. economy is expected to rebound from what looks like a weak first quarter .
Dallas Fed chief Robert Kaplan , San Francisco Fed head John Williams and New York Fed President William Dudley are also scheduled to make appearances .
Shares of Lululemon Athletica plunged as much as 22.6 percent to a more than one-year low of $ 51.30 after the Canadian yoga and leisure apparel retailer said first-quarter comparable sales were expected to fall .
ConocoPhillips rose 7.8 percent to $ 49.50 after the company said it agreed to sell oil sands and western Canadian natural gas assets to Cenovus Energy . Cenovus was down 10.9 percent at $ 11.65 .
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,642 to 1,103 . On the Nasdaq , 1,524 issues rose and 1,096 fell .
The S & P 500 index showed 14 new 52-week highs and no new lows , while the Nasdaq recorded 67 new highs and 11 new lows . ( Reporting by Tanya Agrawal ; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila )
John Oliver has joined a number of celebrities , politicians , and activists condemning President Donald Trump for their failure to call out the white supremacists who gathered at a “ Unite the Right ” rally in Charlottesville , Virginia on Saturday by name — after one of them killed a counter protestor and injured 19 others with their car .
Speaking at a podium during a press event in New Jersey on Saturday , Trump said in part , “ We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred , bigotry , and violence — on many sides , on many sides . It 's been going on for a long time in our country . Not Donald Trump . Not Barack Obama . It 's been going on for a very long time . ”
“ Wait , on many sides ? ” Oliver said in response to Trump 's statement . “ This was a white nationalist rally , you have to call that out by name . There honestly are n't many instances in modern American politics where you can honestly think , ‘ That guy really should have mentioned the Nazis , ' but this is emphatically one of them . It 's like a reverse Godwin 's Law : If you fail to mention Nazism , you lose the argument . ”
Oliver added of Trump 's claim that “ it 's been going on for a long time in our country , ” “ It seems Trump 's response to anything bad happening is always to immediately absolve themselves of any personal responsibility . He 's the kind of guy who starts eulogies at funerals , saying , ‘ Great guy , I did n't kill him , but he 's a great guy and he 's dead — and I did n't do it . ' ”
HBO has yet to officially release a clip of Oliver 's Charlottesville segment , but you can watch a fan-recorded snippet below .
The HBO personality turned their attention to former KKK leader David Duke , who said Saturday that the white nationalists were “ going to fulfill the promises of Donald Trump . … that 's why we voted for Donald Trump , because they said he 's going to take our country back and that 's what we 've got to do . ”
Responded Oliver , “ I 've got to say , David Duke and the Nazis really seem to like Donald Trump . Which is weird because Nazis are a lot like cats : If they like you , it 's probably because you 're feeding them . … And that kind of connection there is something that anyone in their right mind would want to immediately and repeatedly disavow , and it 's not like Trump was n't given the opportunity . ”
Noting how Trump turned their back on reporters asking about the support they get from white supremacists , Oliver noted , “ A non-answer in a moment like this is an answer. ” Oliver then played a clip from CNN of Jake Tapper reading from a prominent neo-Nazi blog that praised Trump 's comments : “ He did n't attack us . They just said the nation should come together . Nothing specific against us . No condemnation at all . When asked to condemn , they just walked out of the room . Really , really good . God bless him . ”
In response , Oliver read a mock statement from “ God ” disavowing the Nazi support : “ What kind of f—ing idiot would not immediately distance themselves from them ? ”
Even if Trump were to offer a revised statement specifically condemning white supremacists , Oliver thinks it would be too late “ because their first response is who they are . And the truly infuriating thing is how completely predictable this was . ”
“ It simply does n't get easier than disavowing Nazis , ” they concluded . “ It 's as much of a presidential gim me as pardoning a f—ing turkey . It is almost impossible to screw it up . But that 's exactly what happened . So there is clearly no point waiting for leadership from our president at moments like this , because it is just not coming , which means we will have to look to one another , because incredibly , in a country where previous presidents have actually had to defeat Nazis , we now have one who can not even be bothered to f—ing condemn them . ”
This article originally appeared on Ew.com
A research study titled , “ Thick Film Resistors Market by product and application – global industry analysis and forecast to 2023 ” , published by crystal market research .
Market highlights :
The Thick Film Resistors Market has encountered significant development in the recent years and is anticipated to grow tremendously over the forecast period . The technology of thick film permits high resistance values to be imprinted on cylindrical or flat substrates . High values can be obtained and High Voltage can be applied to thick film products with slight change in value of resistance . Numerous thick film resistors are printed by using a serpentine example . This pattern helps with reducing inductance and is favoured in applications with steady frequencies . A resistor is various segments which come in wide range of sizes , resistance values , types and shapes and these diverse sorts of resistors are used in various applications .
Click To Request a Sample :
https : //www.crystalmarketresearch.com/report-sample/SE06962
Thick Film Resistors Market -Segmentation
The Thick Film Resistors Market is segmented on the basis of product and end user . Based on product the market is segmented into Small Power Type , Medium Power Type and High Power Type . Based on end user the market is segmented into Consumer Electronics and Medical Electronics . The consumer electronics segment commands the market as it is one of the most common applications of thick film resistors .
Thick Film Resistors Market – By Region :
Middle East and Africa ( Saudi Arabia , UAE , Egypt , Nigeria and South Africa )
North America ( U.S , Canada , Mexico )
Europe ( Germany , France , UK , Italy , Spain , Rest of Europe )
Asia-Pacific ( Japan , China , Australia , India , South Korea , Rest of Asia-Pacific )
Rest of the World ( Brazil , South Africa , Saudi Arabia , Turkey , United Arab Emirates , Other
Competitive Insights :
The leading players in the market are Ohmite Holding L.L.C , Shenzhen Yingfa Electronics , KOA Speer Electronics Inc , Panasonic , Yageo , Vishay Intertechnology , Bourns Inc , TT Electronics and Viking Tech . The major players in the market are profiled in detail in view of qualities , for example , company portfolio , business strategies , financial overview , recent developments , and share of the overall industry .
Regional Outlook and Trend Analysis :
Asia Pacific is anticipated to dominate the thick film resistor market among other regions , as thick film resistors is one of the major component used in various application particularly in consumer electronics . These end-use applications are in heavy demand in Asia-Pacific region .
Research Methodology
We use both primary and secondary research for our market surveys , estimates and for developing forecast . Our research process commence by analyzing the problem which enable us to design the scope for our research study . Our research process is uniquely designed with enough flexibility to adjust according to changing nature of products and markets , while retaining core element to ensure reliability and accuracy in research findings . We understand both macro and micro-economic factors to evaluate and forecast different market segments .
Check discount offer for Report click on the link @
https : //www.crystalmarketresearch.com/check-discount/SE06962
About Crystal Market Research :
Crystal offers one stop solution for market research , business intelligence , and consulting services to help clients make more informed decisions . It provides both syndicated and customized research studies for its customers spread across the globe . The company offers market intelligence reports across a broad range of industries including healthcare , chemicals & materials , technology , automotive , and energy .
Contact Us :
Judy S ,
304 South Jones Blvd , Suite 1896 ,
Las Vegas NV 89107 ,
United States
Toll Free : +1-888-213-4282
Email : sales @ crystalmarketresearch.com
Kate Hudson is a fit mama-to-be — and they have a little helper !
The actor and Fabletics co-founder , 39 , uploaded a series of videos to their Instagram Story Tuesday , showing themselves baring their baby bump while working out with their 4½-year-old niece Rio Laura .
Situated in the gym , the pair are hard at work during the sweat session as Rio swings a medicine ball in one clip and lifts small hand weights in another .
“ My workout partner , ” Kate wrote on top of the first video , which begins with a mirror selfie of the duo and pans to Rio repeatedly hoisting the ball into the air .
In a still image , the expectant star gives a closer peek at their belly , wearing only a sports bra and a pair of Fabletics athletic leggings .
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements , plus celebrity mom blogs ? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter .
Kate Hudson 's Instagram Story Kate Hudson/Instagram
Kate Hudson 's Instagram Story Kate Hudson/Instagram
Kate Hudson 's Instagram Story Kate Hudson/Instagram
Kate Hudson 's Instagram Story Kate Hudson/Instagram
RELATED GALLERY : She 's Bumpin ' Along ! See Pregnant Kate Hudson 's Sweetest Baby Bump Photos
Kate is extremely close with little Rio , who is brother Oliver Hudson ‘ s youngest child and only daughter ( he 's also dad to sons Bodhi Hawn , 8 , and Wilder Brooks , 10 ) .
“ She loves my daughter and is with my daughter all the time , ” the Splitting Up Together star , 41 , told PEOPLE earlier this month of Kate , who 's expecting a daughter with boyfriend Danny Fujikawa . “ Rio is sleeping over at my sister 's house all the time . ”
“ Rio looks up to them because my sister is a dancer and a performer and that 's all my girl wants to do and be , ” they explained . “ Auntie Kiki is what they call her , and it 's all about Auntie Kiki . There is literally no advice I could [ give ] them She 's ready . ”
RELATED VIDEO : Oliver Hudson Calls Sister Kate a “ Queen ” That “ Beats Them Own Path ”
Kate — also mom to sons Bingham Hawn , 6½ , and Ryder Russell , 14 — is one of three kids herself , with two brothers : Oliver and their half-brother Wyatt Russell . And the latter can vouch for how much their sister 's bond with Rio has made an impact not only on them but on Fujikawa .
“ I was happy . I was teary-eyed because I know how badly they wanted a girl , ” they told PEOPLE in April . “ I know Danny , I 'm sure in some part of every man 's brain you 're like , ‘ I 'd love to have a little me . ' ”
Added Russell , 31 , “ But when they met my brother 's little girl Rio , who 's the cutest thing in the entire world , they made them be like , ‘ Okay , I want a girl . ' So they 're really excited . ”
SANDY , Utah — Kyle Beckerman scored their 41st career MLS goal in the 82nd minute , and Real Salt Lake beat the Houston Dynamo 2-1 on Wednesday night .
Salt Lake ( 6-6-1 ) has won 10 of its last 11 home games , conceding just 12 goals . Houston ( 5-4-3 ) lost for the first time in five games .
Luis Silva put RSL in front in the 34th minute by heading in Sebastian Saucedo 's cross .
Beckerman , who entered having played every minute of every RSL game this season , came in as a substitute in the 64th . Eighteen minutes later , Beckerman had a corner kick chested to their feet and they sent a left-footed shot off the far post and in .
February 15 , 2017
by Jonathan J. Cooper And Paul Elias , The Associated Press
OROVILLE , Calif.—The stress of evacuation and an uncertain future were enough for Donald Azevedo and their family to opt to stay a few more nights in an emergency shelter rather than risk having to do it all again .
The family was among the nearly 200,000 Californians who live downstream from the country 's tallest dam who were told they could return home but warned they may have to flee again if repairs made to the battered Oroville Dam spillways do n't hold .
The fixes could be put to their first test later this week with the first of a series of small storms forecast for the region expected to reach the area Wednesday night .
“ There is the prospect that we could issue another evacuation order if the situation changes and the risk increases , ” Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea said Feb. 14 , telling residents they could return home but to remain vigilant .
That 's why Azevedo was n't budging yet .
“ I 'm not trying to risk traffic , being stuck in floods . I 'm safe where I 'm at , ” Azevedo said .
Alternatively , many other evacuees could n't wait to get back home .
Residents living below the Oroville Dam were suddenly ordered to evacuate Sunday afternoon after authorities had assured them for nearly a week that the dam was sound despite a gaping and growing hole found in the structure 's main spillway . The order came after authorities feared an earthen emergency spillway used when the lake behind the dam overflows its capacity appeared ready to fail Sunday because of erosion .
Two days after issuing the evacuation order , officials lifted it Tuesday but uncertainty remained .
Over the weekend , the swollen lake spilled down the unpaved emergency spillway for nearly 40 hours , leaving it badly eroded . The problem occurred six days after engineers discovered a growing hole in the dam 's main concrete spillway .
State and federal officials ignored calls in 2005 from environmental groups to armour the earthen spillway in concrete to prevent erosion . Federal regulators concluded the earthen spillway could handle a large amount of overflow after water agencies that would have had to pay for the upgrade argued it was unnecessary .
Others fear the real test is still to come in the weeks ahead when a record amount of snowfall melts in nearby mountains .
The California Department of Water Resources said Tuesday night the Oroville Dam 's water levels continued to decrease but it did n't say by how much .
State water officials said earlier Tuesday the reservoir 's water level had been reduced 15 feet by Tuesday afternoon . Officials hope to continue using a damaged main spillway to drain the lake another 37 feet in preparation for coming rain . They say they have drained enough water that the emergency spillway will not be needed to handle runoff from the approaching storm .
Forecasts call for 2-4 inches of rain and snow in the foothills and mountains starting Wednesday night . But the storm was looking colder than initially projected , meaning less rain and less runoff than last week 's storms .
Dozens of construction crews were working around the clock dropping 1,200 tons of material on the earthen emergency spillway per hour using heavy equipment and helicopters and the area is being continually monitored with the help of drones carrying cameras , the state water agency said .
Preliminary estimates say permanently fixing the hole in the main spillway could cost $ 100 million to $ 200 million , Croyle said . Experts are drawing up plans for repairs that will begin after the spring runoff season ends .
Gov . Jerry Brown said late Tuesday that the Federal Emergency Management Agency approved their request for federal assistance with the Oroville dam situation .
State officials clearly were on the defensive about their decision to call for mass evacuations Sunday , just a few hours after saying the situation was stable , forcing families to rush to pack up and get out .
Honea , the county sheriff , said Tuesday that the call to order nearly 200,000 people to higher ground protected lives and bought time for water experts to address the problems .
But after two days away from home , tens of thousands of evacuees were growing weary . They welcomed the news they could return home but vowed to heed the sheriff 's warning to remain vigilant .
Rod Remocal said they and their wife would now be ready to leave their Biggs home near the dam at a moment 's notice after fleeing in a rush Sunday .
“ We 're all coming back and pack and be ready this time , ” Remocal said . “ This time we 're going to be on call like they said . ”
—Contributing to this report were Jocelyn Gecker , Olga R. Rodriguez and Kristin Bender in San Francisco ; Don Thompson in Sacramento ; Terry Chea in Grass Valley , California ; Ellen Knickmeyer in Sonoma , California ; and John Antczak and Justin Pritchard in Los Angeles
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The Education Department announced Wednesday that it will change two key Obama-era rules governing student loan forgiveness in cases involving fraud and misconduct by universities .
The department said it will convene special committees to rewrite Borrower Defense to Repayment and Gainful Employment regulations .
The rules were introduced last year as the department was processing claims from thousands of students who say there were defrauded by for-profit colleges .
Under the borrower defense rules , students could have their loans erased if their college misrepresented the quality of its programs or broke a “ contractual promise ” with its students . The gainful employment rule was designed to ensure that graduates would be able to earn enough money to pay off their student loan debt .
DeVos said in a statement Wednesday that the regulations were “ overly burdensome and confusing ” and need to be streamlined .
“ The result is a muddled process that 's unfair to students and schools , and puts taxpayers on the hook for significant costs , ” DeVos said .
They said many colleges have complained that the definition of misrepresentation and breach of contract is too broad and that institutions lacked meaningful due process . The Education Department will conduct hearings on the regulations in July .
“ It is the department 's aim , and this administration 's commitment , to protect students from predatory practices while also providing clear , fair and balanced rules for colleges and universities to follow , ” DeVos said .
They added that nearly 16,000 defense claims that are currently being processed by the department will be fulfilled . “ Promises made to students under the current rule will be promises kept , ” they stressed .
Eight states and the District of Columbia filed a motion in federal court Tuesday seeking to retain the rules .
“ The borrower defense regulations provide critical protections for borrowers who were subjected to misleading and predatory practices by their postsecondary institutions , ” the motion says . It was filed in the case California Association of Private Postsecondary Schools v. Betsy DeVos .
Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey added that they plan to sue the Education Department “ to defend these critical regulations and the rights of our students and taxpayers . ”
“ This is a betrayal of students and families across the country who are drowning in unaffordable debt , ” Healey said in a statement .
The Obama administration had led a crackdown on for-profit colleges accused of misconduct . The Corinthian Colleges chain was under heavy pressure from the Education Department when it shut down in 2015 . In that case , more than 15,000 student claims for loan discharge because of fraud have been approved , totaling $ 247 million in loans .
Last year , the ITT Technical Institute , one of the nation 's largest chains of for-profit colleges , shut down , saying it could n't survive sanctions by the department . The chain had been accused of misleading students about the success of its graduates and was at risk of losing its academic accreditation .
Rohit Chopra , a senior fellow at the Consumer Federation of America , lamented DeVos ' decision to revise the rules .
“ This will lead to more students saddled with debt they can not afford with taxpayers left on the hook , ” Chopra said . “ The current rules require schools that cheat their students to pony up funds for refunds . This helps to ensure that lawbreakers pay , not taxpayers . ”
Betsy Mayotte , director of consumer outreach and compliance for American Student Assistance 's Center for Consumer Advocacy , said the current regulations protect students who are misled into over-borrowing for underperforming programs .
“ Students should n't have the pause button hit on their consumer protections , and this is n't the time for the Department of Education to step back from their responsibility to protect federal loan borrowers , ” they said .
But Steve Gunderson , president and CEO of the industry lobbying group Career Education Colleges and Universities , said in a statement that DeVos ' actions would both protect students from academic fraud and “ their schools from ideological efforts geared to destroy postsecondary career education . ”
Natalia Abrams , executive director of Student Debt Crisis , an advocacy group , said the decision sends a clear message that “ Millionaires and big businesses can take advantage of the American people for huge profits , but in the end students and their families are footing the bill . ”
___
Collin Binkley in Boston contributed to this report .
March 31 SPI Energy Co Ltd
* SPI Energy Co Ltd. Signs a letter of intent with entrade Energiesysteme AG
* SPI Energy Co Ltd - LoI signed with Entrade allows SPI Japan to expand business opportunities in biomass energy power products and services
* SPI Energy Co - will also consider extending cooperation of green power in other markets which we are operating such as Hawaii , other emerging markets Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
SEOUL : North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un said Tuesday they would hold off on a planned missile strike near Guam , but warned the highly provocative move would go ahead in the event of further “ reckless actions ” by Washington .
Some analysts suggested Kim 's comments opened a possible path to de-escalating a growing crisis fuelled by a bellicose war of words between US President Donald Trump and the North Korean leadership .
Their recent exchanges were focused on a North Korean threat to fire a volley of four missiles over Japan towards the US territory of Guam , which hosts a number of strategic US military bases .
The North 's official KCNA news agency said Kim was briefed on the “ plan for an enveloping fire at Guam ” during an inspection on Monday of the Strategic Force command in charge of the nuclear-armed state 's missile units .
Before executing any order Kim said they would “ watch a little more the foolish and stupid conduct of the Yankees . ”
If they “ persist in their extremely dangerous reckless actions on the Korean peninsula , ” then North Korea would take action “ as already declared , ” they were quoted as saying .
“ In order to defuse the tensions and prevent the dangerous military conflict on the Korean peninsula , it is necessary for the US to make a proper option first , ” they added .
‘ De-escalating '
Kim 's remarks would appear to bring into play the large-scale military exercises held every year by South Korea and the United States that are expected to kick off later this month .
The North has always denounced the drills as provocative rehearsals for invasion and has in the past offered a moratorium on further nuclear and missile testing in exchange for their cancellation — a trade off promoted by Pyongyang 's main ally China , but repeatedly rejected by Washington and Seoul .
Some analysts said Kim was seeking a similar quid-pro-quo this time around , using the Guam missile threat as leverage .
“ This is a direct invitation to talk reciprocal constraints on exercises and missile launches , ” said Adam Mount , senior fellow at the Center for American Progress .
John Delury of Yonsei University in Seoul said Kim was “ de-escalating , putting Guam plan on ice ” — at least for now .
“ We are not out of the woods . Both sides need to keep taking steps to de-escalate in words and deed . Diplomacy needs to go in high gear , ” they added .
The United States and South Korea insist their annual joint exercises are purely defensive in nature and can not be linked to the North 's missile programme , which violates a host of UN resolutions .
Joshua Pollack , a senior research associate at the Middlebury Institute of International Studies at Monterey , said Pyongyang was using the Guam threat as “ straight-up blackmail . ”
‘ Fire and fury '
Tensions have been mounting since the North tested two intercontinental ballistic missiles last month , which appeared to bring much of the US within range .
Responding to the tests , US President Donald Trump warned Pyongyang of “ fire and fury like the world has never seen ” , while the North responded with the plan to fire missiles close to Guam .
The standoff has sparked global alarm , with world leaders including Chinese President Xi Jinping urging calm on both sides .
South Korean President Moon Jae-In weighed in Tuesday , saying Seoul would avoid a second Korean War at all costs .
“ Military action on the Korean Peninsula can only be decided by the Republic of Korea and no one may decide to take military action without the consent of the Republic of Korea , ” Moon said .
But they added there could be no dialogue before the North halts its “ nuclear and missile provocations . ”
US Defense Secretary Jim Mattis warned Monday that an attack against the United States could quickly escalate into war . AFP
AFP/CC
NRG Energy 's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON , Del. , June 14 NRG Energy Inc 's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $ 1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business , according to a securities filing .
A judge has denied a request from Prince 's siblings , who are the heirs of their estate , to move the contents of the late music icon 's vault away from Hollywood due to the ongoing Southern California wildfires .
In court documents obtained by The Blast , Comerica Bank & Trust , the representatives of Prince 's estate , opposed the proposed move because they feel the Iron Mountain facility that houses the vault , which includes archives of unreleased music , is far enough from the fires and not in immediate danger .
Lawyers for Comerica wrote in a letter to the judge , “ Had the Nelsons contacted the Personal Representative prior to filing their petition , or even conducted a basic ‘ Google ' search , they would have learned that the Hollywood Facility is not at any risk from wildfires . ”
Marcus Yam/Los Angeles Times via Getty . Inset : Kevork Djansezian/Getty
The Iron Mountain facility is located about eight miles from the closest fire , Skirball , which is currently 85 percent contained . The estate notes that “ the fire would need to pass through the UCLA campus , all of Beverly Hills and several miles of commercial areas in West Hollywood ” before reaching the Hollywood vault .
Ultimately , the judge ruled on behalf of Comerica and issued a letter in response to the heirs ' request , saying , “ The Court strongly condemns bringing this matter before the Court without adequate discussion between the parties and will sanction a party for doing so in the future . ”
Prince 's siblings have been opposed to housing the vault in California since it was first moved from Prince 's Paisley Park home and studio in Minnesota in late September . “ We want the music back home in Paisley Park where it belongs , ” Prince 's half-sister Sharon Nelson told the Associated Press in October .
The “ Purple Rain ” singer died in April 2016 at the age of 57 , and their estate is estimated to be worth as much as $ 250 million .
Hollywood actor Seth Rogen has accused Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey of protecting “ white supremacists ” using the social media platform .
Seth Rogen , the actor known for their roles in films such as Knocked Up and The Interview , took to Twitter recently to accuse the CEO of the social media platform , Jack Dorsey , of failing to crack down on users Rogen considers white supremacists using the website , and verifying some of them with a blue Twitter checkmark – which has transitioned from a way to denote that an account is authentic into a badge of approval from Twitter staff . Twitter has slowed down their verification process massively , verifying very few new accounts over the past year .
In a tweet , Rogen claimed to have been direct messaging with Jack Dorsey over the past 8 months . Rogen decided after messaging with Dorsey for some time about the need to crack down on white supremacists that Dorsey was failing to do so as “ the dude simply does not seem to give a fuck . ”
I 've been DMing with @ jack about their bizarre need to verify white supremacists on their platform for the last 8 months or so , and after all the exchanges , I 've reached a conclusion : the dude simply does not seem to give a fuck . — Seth Rogen ( @ Sethrogen ) July 3 , 2018
Many leftists replied to Rogen 's tweet including outspoken feminist Zoe Quinn and “ diversity consultant ” Mikki Kendall . Replying to Rogan 's tweet , Kendall claimed that Jack Dorsey does n't care about the issues raised by Rogen but that Twitter staff members do care .
They do n't . I have talked to their staff , worked with them & they care . They do n't . They have some bizarre idea that this platform is n't supposed to consider the harm it can enable . But only in one direction . — ❄Mikki Kendall❄ ( @ Karnythia ) July 3 , 2018
Far-left feminist Zoe Quinn also claimed to have spoken to “ higher ups ” at Twitter , saying that they are “ just as bad ” as Dorsey . Quinn derided these “ higher ups ” at Twitter for telling them that they “ like to let the community decide ” what is acceptable on the platform .
Tried for years with them , the rest of the higher ups are just as bad . “ We like to let the community decide ” . It was funny that before trump one of the other excuses they were giving to not do their jobs was “ what if the president blocked someone ? Isnt that a free speech issue ? ” — andröid wk ( @ UnburntWitch ) July 3 , 2018
Seth Rogen has been a vocal critic of Presiden Trump and conservatives in general for some time now . Rogen famously compared the film American Sniper — based on the life of American war hero Chris Kyle — to “ the movie that 's showing in the third act of Inglorious Basterds. ” The movie watched by characters during the third act of Inglorious Basterds is a Nazi propaganda film .
American Sniper kind of reminds me of the movie that 's showing in the third act of Inglorious Basterds . — Seth Rogen ( @ Sethrogen ) January 18 , 2015
At the time , Twitter users took issue with Rogen 's tweet :
@ Sethrogen Insulting my dead hero friend is n't going to win you any more fans . -Brandon Webb — Brandon Webb ( @ BrandonTWebb ) January 20 , 2015
In October of 2017 , Rogen told Donald Trump Jr. that their father , President Trump , was a “ sexual predator ” in a private DM that they then tweeted a screenshot of :
Sliding in to @ DonaldJTrumpJr DMs to remind them their father is a sexual predator like : pic.twitter.com/a1vW3A4YCk — Seth Rogen ( @ Sethrogen ) October 12 , 2017
MEMPHIS , Tenn. ( AP ) — The Coast Guard says several agencies are searching for three boaters on the Mississippi River near Memphis , Tennessee .
In a statement released Wednesday , the Coast Guard says officials received a mayday broadcast Tuesday night . The broadcast said a jon boat hit a submerged object and began taking on water near mile marker 744 , about 20 miles north of Meeman-Shelby Forest State Park .
Coast Guard Petty Officer Brandon Giles says the three people aboard the 16-foot boat were wearing life jackets .
Giles says crews were searching the area Wednesday by boat and air . Identities of the missing boaters have not been released .
A A
The Clark County council on Tuesday evening appointed criminal defense attorney Chad Sleight to succeed retiring District Court Judge James Swanger on the bench .
Sleight , a lifelong resident of Clark County , has been serving as a pro tem judge in District Court since 2013 . A pro tem judge fills in when the sitting judge is unavailable .
“ He had great enthusiasm , ” Council Chair Marc Boldt said of Sleight 's interview with the council . “ He seemed to really have a little more empathy for the people in front of ( the judges ) . They are the kind of person who will bring change to the court , if we need it , in terms of budget and policy . ”
The council voted unanimously to appoint Sleight , citing their varied courtroom experience and passion for the law , according to a news release about the appointment .
Sleight , 39 , of Camas runs their own criminal defense practice and prosecutes misdemeanor cases in the cities of Battle Ground , Ridgefield and La Center . They earned their law degree in 2003 from Willamette University College of Law , and worked for the Vancouver Defenders law firm from 2002 to 2005 . They spent 10 years with the law office of Wheeler , Montgomery & Boyd . They are the current president of the Clark County Bar Association .
“ I 'm in shock , ” Sleight said after learning of their appointment . “ I 'm just so humbled they chose me . I finished in the middle of the ( Clark County Bar Association 's preference poll ) . On paper , my résumé is pretty good because of my legal experience and work as ( judge ) pro tem . I hoped this day would come someday . ”
Sleight was one of four candidates the council interviewed for the office , which becomes vacant March 1 . Swanger is retiring after 16 years on the District Court bench . Sleight will have to run for election in November 2018 to retain their seat .
The other finalists were District Court Commissioner Kristen Parcher , retired Superior Court Judge Roger Bennett and Assistant Vancouver City Attorney Brent Boger .
Boldt said the council struggled with its decision because the three other finalists are also exceptional candidates who possess great leadership skills . Each has something different to offer , they said .
“ ( Sleight ) is very connected to the people in front of them and accepting of change in the future , ” Boldt said during the motion to appoint Sleight . “ He 's passionate , and knows a good deal about the therapeutic courts and is accepting that there may be change even with that . ”
Chief Civil Deputy Prosecutor Chris Horne prepared a list of questions for councilors to ask the candidates . Boldt said the questions touched on what issues the court will go through in the next five years and policies that can be changed to improve the court . There was also discussion about indigent defense , as well as the therapeutic courts and their relationship to treatment and to Superior Court . The council asked candidates what qualities they think a judge should possess .
“ I want to keep putting the same effort into ( District Court ) , just in a different role , ” Sleight said . “ I 'm not running in to change the place . I just want to try to do a good job . ”
Sleight said they still have clients and a contract with the city of Battle Ground that they need to sort out before taking the bench . “ My plan is not to leave anyone high and dry , ” they said .
District Court judges handle misdemeanor cases and infractions — the majority of which are traffic-related — as well as small claims and civil lawsuits involving amounts up to $ 100,000 . They also oversee a number of alternative programs , such as therapeutic courts for substance abuse and mental illness , night court and driver 's license restoration . The judges are paid an annual salary of $ 156,353 .
FILE PHOTO : Flames emerge from flare stacks at the oil fields in Basra , Iraq , January 17 , 2017 . REUTERS/Essam Al-Sudani/File Photo
BAGHDAD Iraq has assured OPEC it will fully comply with an agreement to cut oil supply in order to bolster crude prices , OPEC Secretary General Mohammed Barkindo said on Sunday in Baghdad .
Iraq 's compliance stands now at 98 percent , the nation 's oil minister Jabar al-Luaibi told reporters , after addressing a conference in the Iraqi capital , also attended by Barkindo .
Compliance with the deal agreed by OPEC and non-OPEC producers at the end of last year to cut supply is `` encouraging , '' Barkindo told the forum .
General compliance with supply cuts by the oil producers was 86 percent in January and 94 percent in February , they added .
The market is already balancing , Barkindo said , adding stocks of crude were coming down .
Luaibi said they were satisfied with the existing deal , but declined to say whether Iraq would support an extension , leaving it to an OPEC ministerial meeting planned in May .
The current deal , they said , `` contains many positive elements and achieved a lot of targets ; work is ongoing to reach the reduction of 1.8 '' a million barrels per day ( bpd ) agreed by OPEC and 11 other nations including Russia for their combined production in the first half of 2017 .
The accord has lifted crude to about $ 50 a barrel . But the price gain has also encouraged U.S. shale oil producers , which are not part of the pact , to boost output .
While Iraq is committed to achieving 100 percent of its target reduction , it will proceed with projects to boost oil production capacity to 5 million barrels per day before the end of the year , Luaibi said .
OPEC 's second-largest producer , after Saudi Arabia , Iraq will proceed in parallel with exploration plans to increase its reserves by 15 billion barrels in 2018 , to reach 178 billion barrels , they said .
Among the plans to increase output capacity from existing fields is a seawater injection plan which is in process of being tendered , they added .
Iraq 's oil production has averaged 4.464 million barrels per day ( bpd ) so far in March , a reduction of more than 300,000 bpd on levels before OPEC cuts were implemented from Jan. 1 , state-oil marketer SOMO said on Thursday .
Average crude exports were 3.756 million bpd in March , versus a record of more than 4 million bpd in November , according to SOMO .
Most of Iraq 's crude is exported from southern ports , the region where it is produced . Exports from the south averaged 3.2 million bpd in March , Luaibi said .
Barkindo described as `` very constructive '' meetings they had on Saturday with Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi and other Iraqi leaders in Baghdad .
Iraq 's natural gas output will triple to 1,700 million cubic feet per day ( cfd ) by 2018 , as it implements projects to reduce flaring , Luaibi told the conference .
( Reporting by Ahmed Rasheed ; Writing by Maher Chmaytelli ; Editing by Mark Potter )
Senator Richard Gordon also questions where the dengue vaccination program was launched , saying that NCR , Central Luzon , and Calabarzon 'appear to be the places with the highest voters '
Published 5:20 PM , December 11 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines – Ex-Department of Health ( DOH ) chief Paulyn Ubial said new vaccines should not be introduced to the market during an election year , taking a swipe at the controversial Dengvaxia vaccine .
`` We do not introduce new vaccines during an election year . Because no matter how good that vaccine is , the introduction during an election year would taint it . That 's why we ca n't mix health and politics , '' said Ubial on Monday , December 11 .
The former DOH chief was testifying at the Senate probe into the now-suspended school-based dengue immunization program that was launched by their predecessor Janette Garin on April 4 , 2016 , a month before the national elections .
Ubial said they were already against the use of the world 's first dengue vaccine for mass use in the country when they were still assistant secretary . ( READ : TIMELINE : Dengue immunization program for public school students )
But Ubial said they were forced to continue it when they took over the DOH under President Rodrigo Duterte because lawmakers warned they could go to jail for breach of contract .
Instead , Ubial said they intentionally delayed the implementation of the program in a bid to save more Filipinos from possible risks of the vaccine .
Recently , Dengvaxia maker Sanofi Pasteur said new analysis of clinical data showed its vaccine could cause a severe case of dengue when administered to a person who had not been previously infected by the virus . Around 830,000 Filipino grade-schoolers already received the vaccine .
`` I dilly-dallied . That was intentional because of the issues that were raised by Dr [ Antonio ] Dans and their team and Dr [ Anthony ] Leachon , '' said Ubial , referring to two members of an expert panel they formed to assess the dengue vaccine during their term .
`` There were issues on long-term safety , and so I had to really be very , very careful , go the extraordinary mile , [ take ] extraordinary diligence for this program . And I 'm glad I did it , '' they added .
On July 18 , 2016 , Ubial signed a resolution recommending the deferment of the program , saying the vaccine is not proven safe .
They were criticized , however , for attempting to suspend the program . And so two months later , Ubial issued a Certificate of Exemption for Dengvaxia so it could still be used despite their earlier flagging of certain issues .
This was among the reasons of ex-Kabayan representative and now Presidential Spokesperson Harry Roque for accusing Ubial of `` flip-flopping '' on key health issues as they opposed their appointment to the DOH . The Commission on Appointments eventually rejected Ubial .
On Monday , Ubial also said pilot studies for new vaccines usually involve small groups of about 20,000 to 40,000 test subjects .
`` This vaccine had clinical trials covering 40,000 people only . Why would you give it suddenly to one million children in one given year ? '' they asked .
Bad timing and politics
Senate blue ribbon committee chairperson Richard Gordon also questioned the places where the vaccination program was launched . ( READ : Gordon says Dengvaxia approval 'too fast , ' hints possible ‘ conspiracy ' )
`` The 3 regions upon which [ the dengue vaccine was launched ] appear to be the places with the highest voters – NCR ( National Capital Region ) , Region III , Region IV , '' they said during the hearing .
In an interview with reporters after the probe , Gordon also said the vaccination program had `` very bad timing . ''
`` P3 and a half billion when you 're leaving [ and ] the administration is about to transfer powers of government , very bad timing . You have to suspect that there was money involved . Baka pabaon ( Maybe monetary reward ) , all the way up to the president . Or namumulitika sila ( Or maybe they were using it for politics ) , '' Gordon said .
In an earlier probe of the Senate panel , Garin denied the dengue vaccination program had anything to do with the 2016 elections . They maintained on Monday that the program was `` not a midnight deal . '' – Rappler.com
( CNN ) - The Washington Nationals are opening their playoff season Friday with a special visit from a Rep. Steve Scalise ( R-LA ) .
Scalise will throw out the ceremonial first pitch in the game against the Chicago Cubs .
Scalise was critically wounded in June when a gunman opened fire on the Republican baseball team at a practice before its annual game against the Democrats .
They were shot in the hip and suffered significant damage to bones , organs and blood vessels .
Three other people were also shot before police killed the gunman .
Scalise returned to the House of Representatives last month .
Copyright 2017 CNN . All rights reserved .
MOSCOW , April 5 Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Wednesday that Moscow 's position on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad remained unchanged .
Earlier on Wednesday , Russia denied that Assad was to blame for a poison gas attack and said it would continue to back him , setting the Kremlin on course for its biggest diplomatic collision yet with Donald Trump 's White House .
Lavrov declined to say whether the incident would affect Russia 's relations with the United States . ( Reporting by Denis Dyomkin ; writing by Polina Devitt ; editing by Christian Lowe )
They followed the men to downtown Toronto and were met by city police .
Around 3:30 p.m. , one of the suspects was arrested after they walked out of a condominium and a subsequent search revealed a baggy with loose ammunition .
Partridge was there with their police dog , Lex , to help if needed . Officers spotted two other suspects , who bolted with police following , court heard .
One officer ran after one of the suspects who eventually stopped running and lay face down in an alley . Partridge and their dog were well behind in the chase .
The suspect , Median Jackson , is seen in surveillance video lying on the ground for about two minutes as an officer stands nearby waiting for someone to arrive with handcuffs , court heard .
Partridge did not know the suspect was on the ground obeying the officer 's orders when they yelled out `` Police , K9 , you 're under arrest , come out , '' court heard .
Almost immediately , Partridge released the dog before they knew Jackson 's whereabouts . The dog bit down on Jackson 's arm and began thrashing its head back and forth , video evidence showed .
`` He was too hasty in siccing the dog on the suspect , '' the judge said .
Court heard Wednesday that it was the first time Partridge had released their dog during their nine months in the K9 unit .
`` Clearly this incident indicates a need for more thorough and intensive training in the use of police dogs in such circumstances as well as in the procedures that officers should resort to when pursuing and apprehending suspects resisting arrest , '' Brownstone said .
`` It is hoped all police officers can learn from this incident in order to prevent recurrence . ''
York police did not agree with the judge .
`` In our respectful opinion , Const . Partridge engaged in a course of conduct that was contrary to the training they received as a member of York Regional Police , '' Chief Eric Jolliffe said in a statement .
Toronto police opened an investigation into the arrest and eventually laid the charges late last year .
Police charged Jackson with one count of break and enter and breach of probation , but both were later dropped due to Partridge 's actions .
Partridge still faces three allegations of misconduct under the Police Services Act and remains suspended with pay until the case is heard .
The judge ordered Partridge 12 months probation and to participate in training programs . They will not have a criminal record .
Outside court , Partridge 's lawyer , William MacKenzie , said their client feels bad about the incident , but wants to return to the force and continue their career .
`` With the benefit of hindsight , it was unnecessary , but certainly in the circumstances it was , from my perspective , understandable , '' they said .
Note to readers : This is a corrected story . An earlier version carried incorrect attribution for a quote from the chief of York regional police .
By Liam Casey , The Canadian Press
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY , Alberta , June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended .
A woman 's been arrested by Police in the North investigating human trafficking .
The 29 year old woman was picked up for questioning in Newry in the early hours of this morning .
In a statement the PSNI says a team of officers from the Modern Slavery Human Trafficking Unit , working together with local police , made the arrest .
They say it 's part of a proactive investigation into human trafficking and the activities of a criminal gang , believed to be operating in Northern Ireland .
April 20 Office of Communications ( Ofcom ) :
* Opening BT 's infrastructure for new fibre
* Set out detailed plans for improving access to openreach 's infrastructure , making it cheaper and easier for competing providers to connect
* Plans will make it quicker and easier for BT 's competitors to build their own fibre networks
* Expects to publish its final decisions in early 2018 , with new rules taking effect on 1 April 2018
* Providers should be able to lay fibre using BT 's ducts and poles as easily as bt itself , cost to bt for providing this access should be spread across all users
* Openreach must repair faulty infrastructure and clear blocked tunnels where necessary for providers to access them .
* Cos can lay fibre for consumers and large businesses , provided purpose of network is primarily to deliver broadband to homes and small offices
* BT should ensure capacity is available on its telegraph poles for additional fibre cables that connect buildings to a competitor 's network
* Openreach will continue to develop a 'digital map ' of its duct and pole network so competitors can plan new networks . Source text for Eikon : ( Bengaluru Newsroom : +91 80 6749 1136 )
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday , June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season . ( SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout )
EMMITSBURG , Md . — Junior Robinson made four 3-pointers and scored 20 on Saturday and Mount St. Mary 's beat St. Francis ( Pa. ) 59-56 to move alone into second in the Northeast Conference .
Greg Alexander made a pair of free throws with 39 seconds left to give the Mount ( 14-11 , 8-4 ) the lead for good at 57-56 . Jonah Antonio added two free throws with 10 seconds left to cap the scoring .
The Red Flash ( 13-10 , 7-5 ) missed two 3-point attempts in the final 14 seconds and dropped into a third-place tie with St. Francis Brooklyn , Robert Morris and LIU Brooklyn .
St. Francis led 11-0 after the first five minutes of the game and Mount St. Mary 's had its own run to take the lead at 14-13 . From there , neither team led by more than six .
Copyright 2017 Columbian.com . All rights reserved . Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement .
There might be a familial reconciliation in Tiffany Haddish ‘ s future .
In a sneak peek of Wednesday 's Hollywood Medium with Tyler Henry , the 21-year-old medium seems to channel Haddish 's paternal grandfather and leads the 37-year-old comedian to talk about their strained relationship with their father , who walked out on their family when they were only 3 .
When Henry brings up a connection to a father figure , Haddish explains that they have tried to connect with their father over the years . “ My whole point to meet my father was to know genetically , what do I have to expect and just , you know , where the hell your ass been ? ” they say in the clip . “ Where your ass was at when I was out here living in the streets ? ”
Adds Haddish : “ I reconnected with my dad when i was like 27 , ” they say of their last attempt to reunite with him . “ I offered to let them come stay with me and let me take care of them and then they disappeared again . ”
FROM PEN : Jada Pinkett Smith 's Most Drunken Memory Includes Being Tied to a Door
Recently , however , Haddish 's father seems to have changed their mind . “ Now , they reappeared and they say they want to come stay with me now , ” they say . “ And there 's a part of me that 's like ‘ You kinda missed that boat . ' ”
The rising comedic star appeared alongside Jada Pinkett Smith and Queen Latifah in the hit comedy Girls Trip , which premiered last month to rave reviews from critics and fans alike .
Hollywood Medium airs Wednesdays at 9 p.m . ET on E !
The GM logo is seen in Warren , Michigan , U.S. on October 26 , 2015 . REUTERS/Rebecca Cook/File Photo
BUENOS AIRES A unit of General Motors Co ( GM.N ) has reached a deal with port operator Terminal Puerto Rosario to import cars to Argentina , moving the U.S. automaker a step closer to exporting from its nearby plant , the company said in a statement on Tuesday .
General Motors Mercosur , which includes GM 's Argentina and Brazil units , said the first automobiles , manufactured in South Korea , arrived this week .
The company has a production plant near the Rosario port complex and said its long-term goal would be to export cars produced there through the port .
Argentina 's automobile production fell nearly 30 percent in February , according to the most recent data from the country 's Automobile Manufacturers Association , due to lower demand in top export destination Brazil .
( Reporting by Maximiliano Rizzi ; Writing by Luc Cohen ; editing by Diane Craft )
Jermain Defoe denied Liverpool a fifth successive English Premier League win by scoring twice to give struggling Sunderland a 2-2 draw today .
Sadio Mane , playing their final game before heading to the African Cup of Nations with Senegal , looked to have won the game for Liverpool in the 72nd minute after Defoe had cancelled out Daniel Sturridge 's opener by converting a penalty .
However , Mane 's handball with five minutes presented a second penalty that Defoe also scored to secure a valuable point in Sunderland 's bid for survival .
Liverpool is in second place , five points behind Chelsea , who can pull eight points clear of Juergen Klopp 's side with a victory at Tottenham tomorrow .
The manner of Liverpool 's 19th-minute opener jarred with the quality of the early attacking play in northeast England .
Defender Dejan Lovren scuffed their attempted volley from James Milner 's corner harmlessly into the ground but saw the ball bounce up off the turf for Sturridge to head past helpless goalkeeper Vito Mannone from close range .
But Sunderland were level six minutes later . Liverpool defender Ragnar Klavan clumsily upended midfielder Didier Ndong as they burst into the penalty area and Defoe slammed the resulting penalty into the bottom corner .
Defoe should really have scored another almost immediately after they ran on to Adnan Januzaj 's through-ball but could not go round goalkeeper Simon Mignolet . Fabio Borini fired wide from the rebound .
Sturridge tested Mannone once again from distance as the break approached , but the Italian goalkeeeper stood firm to keep Sunderland level .
The game was becoming increasingly stretched as the hosts sensed an opportunity , although that allowed Liverpool to hit them on the break .
Mannone needed to be at their best to keep out Sturridge 's shot after they had run on to Adam Lallana 's back-heel .
But Liverpool regained the lead from the resulting corner when Papy Djilobodji could only help on Alberto Moreno 's corner to Mane , who tapped into the empty net .
Philadelphia Eagles punter Donnie Jones , right , celebrates with teammates in a 2015 game . Jones , a Catholic , and their NFC champion teammates will play the AFC champion New England Patriots in Super Bowl LII Feb. 4 at U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis . ( CNS photo/Larry W. Smith , EPA )
MINNEAPOLIS ( CNS ) -- Philadelphia Eagles punter Donnie Jones understands how rarely a chance to play in the Super Bowl comes around .
`` I 've only been once in 14 years , so it 's hard , '' said Jones , 37 . `` I 've tried to explain to these young guys that you do n't know when you 're going to get another shot . We 've got to make the most of this , enjoy the week and get ready for playing the game on Sunday . ''
Jones and their teammates practiced for the first time at the University of Minnesota 's new indoor football practice facility Jan. 31 in preparation for the Super Bowl Feb. 4 in Minneapolis . The Eagles ( 15-3 ) will face the New England Patriots ( 15-3 ) at U.S. Bank Stadium after battling through an injury-riddled season .
`` I 've never been on a team that 's lost so many key guys , '' Jones said . `` I know I hurt for those guys when I think about guys who are here and ca n't take part in the game . You feel for those guys because there 's a lot of time , a lot of sacrifice put into this game . ''
While they have faith in the next guy up on their team , they especially put their faith in God . Jones , a lifelong Catholic , believes that God has guided them throughout their NFL career and vocation as a husband and father .
`` All of our blessings come from him , '' Jones told The Catholic Spirit , newspaper of the Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis . `` We really are truly blessed -- I have two healthy kids , ( my ) wife 's healthy , I 'm healthy . A lot of things to be thankful for . ''
Jones attends Mass with fellow players and coaches each Saturday evening before games . When home with their wife , Aubrie , and their two children , Addison and Weston , Sunday Mass takes priority as a family .
`` I just think it 's an important part of your life , '' Jones said .
They indicated faith in their family goes beyond an hour on Sunday as they and their wife teach their children values and `` how to treat people , '' in addition to praying with them daily . Setting a good example for the children also is important , they said .
`` I always tell them , 'Treat others the way you want to be treated and give thanks for everything we have , ' '' Jones said .
Jones grew up attending Catholic schools in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , beginning with St. George School for elementary and middle school . While they had a seamless trek through Catholic education , they did n't have it that way in football .
`` I played football at a young age , but I did n't like anything about football -- I did n't like hitting , I did n't like sweating , I did n't like any of that , '' Jones said .
They tried punting for a fifth-grade team but did n't get the position .
`` I kept practicing and practicing , '' Jones said . `` Eventually I played in high school , got to college and somehow lasted 14 years in this league . ''
Jones attended Catholic High School in Baton Rouge , an all-male school where their football career took off . At Catholic , they earned all-state honors as a punter and then punted for Louisiana State University .
At LSU , they averaged 42.1 yards per punt and helped the Tigers win a share of the national title in 2003 as co-champs with the University of Southern California . The Seattle Seahawks then drafted Jones in the seventh and final round of the 2004 NFL draft .
Their NFL career has been filled with transition -- being waived six times , spending time on practice squads and going almost a decade without a multiyear playing contract . Overall , he 's been through 22 transactions . It has n't sidelined their faith , though .
`` ( I ) always know that he 's going to be there , he 's going to take care of you , '' Jones said of God . `` That 's kind of been the way of my career . I 've moved around with five teams . When I did n't know things were going to work out , they always put me in the right spot . You 've got to have faith , believe . ''
After signing in 2013 with their fifth team , the Eagles , their career stabilized . They averaged 44.9 yards per punt that season , and they planted 33 of their punts inside the 20-yard line . The Eagles offered them a three-year deal in 2014 .
This season , they averaged 45.3 yards per punt , and 21 of them spotted opponents inside the 20 . They also pinned the Minnesota Vikings offense inside the 20 on all three of their punts in the NFC championship game Jan. 21 , a 38-7 Eagles rout . They look forward giving the defending Super Bowl champion Patriots a long field when called upon Feb. 4 .
`` It 's going to be awesome , '' Jones said about playing in the Super Bowl . `` Ca n't wait . ''
- - -
Davis is on the staff of The Catholic Spirit , newspaper of the Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis .
EUGENE , Ore. — Sabrina Ionescu had 28 points and 11 assists to lead No . 6 Oregon over No . 25 California 91-54 on Friday night .
Ruthy Hebard added 18 points and 11 rebounds for the Ducks ( 21-3 , 10-1 Pac-12 ) , who have won 13 of 14 games . Ionescu 's double-double was their 11th of the season .
It was Oregon 's largest margin of victory in a conference game this season .
Jaelyn Brown led the Golden Bears ( 15-7 , 6-5 ) with 14 points and Alaysia Styles added 12 . Kristine Anigwe , California 's leading scorer at 17.5 points per game , had just six to go with eight rebounds .
Lib Dem leader quits , says ca n't lead party and be a Christian
LONDON Tim Farron , the leader of the pro-European Union Liberal Democrat Party , resigned on Wednesday saying questions about their Christian faith ahead of last week 's election meant they felt it was impossible to continue in the role .
× Dog named ‘ Scarface ' mauls owners after they try to put a sweater on them
TAMPA BAY , Fla. — A dog named ‘ Scarface ' sent two people to the hospital after its owner tried to put a sweater on him , the Tampa Bay Times reports .
The incident occurred around 2:30 p.m. on Friday when 52-year-old Brenda Guerrero tried to put a sweater on the dog and it attacked them Them husband , 46-year-old Ismael Guerrero , tried to pull the dog off of their wife and it turned and began attacking him .
Warning : Graphic video
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
That 's when their 22-year-old son got a knife and began stabbing the pit bull in the head and neck , the newspaper reports .
All three were able to escape the house and leave the dog in the backyard .
`` Officers responding said the dog was pretty aggressive , '' said Eddy Durkin with the Tampa Bay police , according to WTFS . `` When they Tased the dog , the dog was still pulling away and was able to release the prongs from the Taser . ''
Officials said there were two children in the house when they entered , but they were uninjured .
Brenda and Ismael were taken to the hospital . Brenda 's injuries are serious but not life-threatening .
Leeds United returned to winning ways as they survived a second half fight back from Bristol City to win an incident packed game at Elland Road .
Chris Wood 's 22nd goal of the season from a controversially taken free-kick and a deflected Pablo Hernandez shot earned a 2-1 victory with the visitors ' only reply coming in the sixth minute of injury-time with the very last touch of the ball fully 30 seconds after the game should have ended .
After Milan Djuric bundled the ball over the line referee Jeremy Simpson immediately signalled the end of the game , but they were playing time that they only they knew about after their board had said five minutes to add .
The official had earlier angered home fans when they somehow failed to spot the most blatant of handballs in the box when Aden Flint charged the ball down with their raised hands . It was 2-0 at the time with 24 minutes to play and would have enabled United to breathe easier instead of hanging on against a spirited effort from City who threw everything at their hosts .
It was Bristol who were unhappy with Simpson in the first half as they allowed Hernandez to take a quick free-kick when they were not set . Their pass went in behind the back line and Wood ran on to it to thump home yet another goal in their amazing season .
The Whites were good value for their half-time lead after producing a vibrant display in the first 45 minutes that much improved on Saturday 's effort against Cardiff .
They enjoyed more freedom in a much more open contest and could have scored twice in the first 10 minutes when Kemar Roofe headed weakly wide when well placed to meet Hernandez 's pinpoint cross and shot just wide from Hernandez 's pass .
Hernandez hit a 20-yard shot over and saw another effort from an angle saved by keeper Fabian Giefer while David Cotterill had a free-kick at the other end palmed away by Rob Green in City 's only early threat .
Roofe was heavily involved early , but their finishing was poor again when they headed wide following great wing play by centre-back Pontus Jansson , back in the side after illness .
Wood had their first chance with a shot that was well held low down by Giefer , but then fired Leeds ahead on 27 minutes as they brushed off their marker to get ahead onto Hernandez 's pass . The visitors thought it was a foul and the kick had been taken too quickly , but the goal stood .
Ronaldo Vieira hit a shot from range over shortly after , but it was the visitors who went close just before half-time as Joe Bryan was sent clear down the left and saw their angled shot beaten away .
Bristol switched to a back three for the start of the second half and put big striker Djuric on . They were straight into the action with a shot well blocked .
However , Leeds doubled their lead as Hernandez found space on the edge of the box and their shot for the bottom left corner was deflected into the opposite corner of the net .
City 's heads did not drop , though as Matty Taylor 's shot was saved at two attempts by Green and Lee Tomlin 's clever chip landed on the top of the net .
As the game remained open Hernandez shot wide from the edge of the box following a low pull back from Hadi Sacko that was only cleared straight to the Spaniard .
Djuric saw a header cleared as the visitors attacked again and Flint sliced a volley wide . Tomlin sent a free-kick wide from the edge of the box before City got away with it when a penalty looked to have been the right decision as Luke Ayling tried to knock a far post cross back into the middle for Leeds and Flint batted the ball down with theirs hand .
Cotterill saw another angled free-kick beaten away as Bristol still refused to go away , although United should have increased their lead on 73 minutes when Sacko put Wood through , they got to the ball ahead of the keeper and rounded them only to lose balance . They recovered to tee up sub Mo Barrow , but the winger could only scuff their shot under pressure and Giefer saved .
Barrow hit another effort , from much longer range , wildly over as they looked to make an impression on their home debut .
Another sub , Souleymane Doukara , then had a chance as they cleverly opened space on the edge of the box only to shoot wide .
Into injury-time Taylor hit the side netting for the visitors and Flint hit the top of the crossbar with a close range shot before Bristol got their consolation right at the end when a corner was flicked on and squeezed over the line by Djuric .
It should not have counted , coming well after time was up , but there was no doubt that City had deserved their goal after giving Leeds a real fright with their second half attacking .
Leeds boss Garry Monk was relieved to see their side back in the winners ' circle .
They said : “ It was a good response after two defeats . There was added pressure onto a young group , but they handed it very well .
“ In the first half we were very good . We could have scored more goals .
“ After we got the second goal early in the second half we went a little bit too protective and Bristol City 's mindset was that they had nothing to lose . They scored a couple of goals and Greeny made some good saves . But we could have got more goals on the break .
“ I think our performance deserved the win and I have to be pleased .
“ It was disappointing to let the goal in at the end , but I asked the fourth official why they were playing on after the five minutes was up and they said ‘ I do n't know why ' You saw what happened .
“ It looked like it should have been a penalty to us as well . I 've not seen a replay , but it looked quite blatant to me , but it 's just good we got the points . You saw from a young group that they showed a maturity . ”
Match facts
Leeds United 2
( Wood 27 , Hernandez 48 )
Bristol City 1
( Djuric 90+6 )
Tuesday , February 14 , 2017
EFL Championship
Attendance : 22,402
Leeds : Green , Ayling , Bartley , Jansson , Berardi , Vieira , O'Kane ( Phillips 77 ) , Sacko , Hernandez ( Doukara ) , Roofe ( Barrow 62 ) , Wood .
Bristol City : Giefer , Little ( Djuric 45 ) , Flint , Wright , Golbourne ( O'Neil 85 ) , Brownhill , Hegeler , Cotterill , Tomlin , Bryan , Abraham ( Taylor 37 ) .
Referee : Jeremy Simpson
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY , Mo . – While a Kansas City firefighter was on duty , two men kicked in their front door and stole their belongings . It happened Saturday morning as two men broke in to the home while a camera was rolling . Police are still searching for those two , who they believe have been targeting other homes in the area .
It began with the ring of the doorbell , the Koehler family dog jumps on their seat to see who 's there . With two kicks , the first suspect enters the home unaware a camera is watching their every move .
“ It 's terrifying . ”
Homeowner Ryan Koehler is a Kansas City , Mo . firefighter and was on duty when their phone alerted them there was movement in their living room - their wife got the same text . Through an app , the two watched what was happening in real time .
“ I was like , 'oh , it 's just the dog walking around . That 's when I saw them kick in the door . I literally just started shaking , ” Kelsey Koehler said .
“ Your heart sinks , ” Ryan Koehler said .
The first suspect walked around before intently heading back to the bedrooms when the other suspect walks in . You can hear them talking about grabbing the TV and walking towards the living room to try and take it off the wall . After taking the TV and other electronics , the two were gone .
“ It 's nerve-wracking . Kind of makes you sick to your stomach . When my wife comes home they check every door , looks under the bed makes sure no one 's here . ”
Other homes have been hit in their neighborhood . Police believe it could be the same suspects targeting the area . The couple has filed a police report but with no arrests have been made in the case .
To say they 're feeling uneasy does n't even begin to cover it . They say their dog is traumatized and now , with a baby on the way , they 're having trouble feeling safe in their own home .
“ It just makes you angry . It 's karma . It 's gon na catch up to you . Eventually you 're gon na knock the door down , and somebody 's gon na be waiting behind that door . ”
( Adding company news items , futures )
April 6 Britain 's FTSE 100 index is seen opening down 67 points at 7,264 on Thursday , according to financial bookmakers , with futures down 0.7 percent ahead of the cash market open .
* UNILEVER : Unilever said on Thursday it will exit its spreads business , increase its margin targets , raise its dividend and review its dual-headed legal structure , as it aims to prove it can deliver near-term growth on its own , following its swift rejection in February of a takeover proposal by Kraft Heinz .
* GULF KEYSTONE : Gulf Keystone Petroleum , an oil producer in Iraq 's Kurdistan region , cut its annual pretax loss to $ 17 million last year after a debt-for-equity deal saved it from going under .
* CO-OPERATIVE GROUP : Britain 's Co-operative Group , the mutually-owned supermarkets to funeral services group , on Thursday wrote off the value of its stake in the struggling Co-operative Bank .
* SHELL : Royal Dutch Shell sold its stake in a New Zealand gas field while taking over the field 's operating company as part of a plan to possibly divest its holdings in the country later on , the company said Thursday .
* TESCO : UK retailer Tesco Plc is cutting night shifts for shelf stackers in some of its supermarkets in a fresh shakeup that puts 3,000 jobs at risk , The Guardian reported on Wednesday . bit.ly/2oDltUd
* ARAMCO-LSE IPO : British Prime Minister Theresa May and the chief of the London Stock Exchange ( LSE ) pitched investments in Britain to the head of Saudi Arabia 's sovereign wealth fund on Wednesday during a two-day visit to Riyadh .
* OIL : Oil prices fell on Thursday as record U.S. crude inventories underscored that crude markets remain bloated , despite efforts led by OPEC to cut output and prop up prices .
* EX-DIVS : Aviva , GKN , Hikma , Lloyds , Next , Paddy Power Betfair , Pearson , Rentokil Initial , St James 's Place , Smiths Group and Wolseley will trade without entitlement to their latest dividend pay-out on Thursday , trimming 11.75 points off the FTSE 100 according to Reuters calculations
* The UK blue chip FTSE 100 index ended up 0.1 percent at 7,331.68 points on Wednesday , extending gains from the previous session as heavyweight mining and oil stocks rallied , while support services firm DCC also gained after agreeing to buy a business in Hong Kong and Macau .
* For more on the factors affecting European stocks , please click on : cpurl : //apps.cp./cms/ ? pageId=livemarkets
TODAY 'S UK PAPERS
> Financial Times
> Other business headlines Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for : * 3000 Xtra : visit topnews.session.rservices.com * For Top News : topnews.reuters.com ( Reporting by Siju Varghese ; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips )
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Acidic Colloidal Silica Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market . The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status , growth rate , and trends . The market report comprises historical , current , and projected revenues for each sector , segment , end-user segment , and region . The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report AkzoNobel , Grace , Nalco , Fuso Chemical , Nissan Chemical , Evonik , Klebosol ( Merck KGaA ) , Adeka , BIOTEC Machinery and Chemicals , Remet , Nyacol , Chemiewerk Bad K ? stritz , Sterling Chemicals , DKIC , Guangdong Well-Silicasol , Qingdao Kido , Yinfeng Silicon , Zhejiang Yuda Chemical , Qingdao Haiyang Chemical , Fuzhou Sanbang Silicon Material , Qingdao FSK Foundry Materials , Qingdao Bangsen Silica Gel Desiccant .
The report begins with introducing the global Acidic Colloidal Silica market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market , constraints , risks , opportunities , current trending factors , PEST and PROTER 'S Five Forces survey , applications , topographical region markets , and competitive landscape . Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Acidic Colloidal Silica report . The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy , industry news and expansions , and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence .
Request for Sample Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-acidic-colloidal-silica-market/5919/ # requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market , for instance , key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products . The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement , which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments ; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals . The report provides the main region , market conditions with the product price , profit , capacity , production , supply , demand , and market growth rate and forecast etc . This report also Present new project SWOT analysis , investment feasibility analysis , and investment return analysis .
Geographically , this report is portioned into a few key Regions , with generation , utilization , income ( million USD ) , piece of the pie and development rate in these areas , from 2018 to 2025 ( gauge ) , covering United States , China , Europe , Japan , Southeast Asia , India and Rest of World .
Acidic Colloidal Silica Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation : 20 nm .
Acidic Colloidal Silica Market Analysis by Application Segmentation : Investment casting , Catalysts , Textiles & Fabrics , Refractories , Polishing ( Electronic ) , Paints and Coatings , Others .
Key points in the Acidic Colloidal Silica Market Report :
1 ) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2 ) Assess the production processes , major issues , and solutions .
3 ) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4 ) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry .
5 ) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price ( Price and Margin , Factors of Price Change , Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis ) .
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-acidic-colloidal-silica-market/5919/ # inquiry
From all of this Acidic Colloidal Silica market information , the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Acidic Colloidal Silica market players : New players , stakeholders , marketing unit , administrative authorities and Acidic Colloidal Silica distributors/manufacturers . The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize . Further , the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data , in both terms revenue and volume . In addition to this , the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report . This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023 .
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports . You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store , which covers global industry and the regional markets . All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips .
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales @ indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone : +1 202 888 3519
Web : https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Negative approval ratings continue to dog Washington with 62 percent saying they have an unfavorable opinion of Congress . This compares with only 34 percent who give a favorable rating and the harsh opinion is weighing heavily on the Republican majority , especially House Speaker Paul Ryan .
A new poll by Pew Research Center shows the continued dour outlook respondents have about Washington with 24 percent saying they have a very unfavorable view and 38 percent saying they have a mostly unfavorable view of Congress . Meanwhile , only a third ( 34 percent ) say they have a positive view of Congress .
Pew found that majorities of respondents from both parties have had negative feelings about Congress , but perhaps unsurprisingly , Republican feelings have rebounded a bit with the GOP takeover of the majority in the latest review , 44 percent of those leaning Republican have positive feelings about Congress . That is up from 31 percent since last June .
For Democrats , fully 69 percent have an unfavorable view of Congress while the favorable views changed only slightly down to 27 percent from the 32 percent seen last June .
The poll ratings for Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan are no better . Pew found that 54 percent disapprove of the job the Speaker is doing . Twenty-nine percent approve while 17 percent had no opinion .
More worrisome for the Wisconsinite is that at 29 percent their ratings are lower than most of the previous Speakers including Republican John Boehner ( 36 percent ) , Democrat Nancy Pelosi ( 35 percent ) , and Republican Newt Gingrich ( 34 percent ) .
While 51 percent of Republicans approve of the job Ryan is doing , 75 percent of Democrats disapprove . But at 31 percent , the number of Republicans who disapprove of Ryan is higher than the number of Republicans who disapproved of either Boehner ( 19 percent ) or Gingrich ( 23 percent ) as those two leaders retired from the position .
Republicans are also vexed by the 53 percent overall who say that the Trump administration is not doing enough to work with the Democrats in Congress while only 36 percent say the administration is doing the right amount of working with the other side . Americans overall feel similarly about Democrat cooperation with 57 percent saying the party is not doing enough to work with Trump while 34 percent say they are doing just about enough .
On a more partisan break down , 64 percent of Republicans say Trump is handling the job of working with Democrats well . As to their own party approach , 52 percent of Democrats say their party 's effort to work with Trump is about right .
Finally , in what might be some bad news for President Trump , most Republicans say that GOP lawmakers do n't necessarily have to back Trump in everything they do . Only 43 percent of Republicans say Republicans have to back the president while 55 percent told Pew that Republicans are not obligated to back every move Trump makes .
The poll was based on telephone interviews between April 5 and 11 of 1,501 adults over 18 and figured at a 95 percent level of confidence .
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @ warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel @ hotmail.com .
While their Rise character Robbie may struggle to act in the high school staging of Spring Awakening , Damon J. Gillespie has a solid Broadway background . But they understand what the football player-turned-actor is going through .
“ I was not the best actor in high school , ” Gillespie , 24 , tells PEOPLE . “ So many things that I see high schoolers doing now and I 'm like , ‘ I remember when I was doing that too . ' I know exactly what high school actors do when they 're kind of unsure or they 're not as specific with their intentions , so it was really fun to go back to that and explore how to kind of portray that . ”
In Tuesday 's episode , the cast , including Robbie 's girlfriend and fellow drama student Lilette ( Auli ' i Cravalho ) , enters tech week for Spring Awakening , and the pressure “ really hits ” Robbie , Gillespie says . “ Tech week is one of those things that that 'll bring anybody to the stress-meter to 100 . ”
The actor , who appeared in Newsies and Aladdin on Broadway , also found themselves really trying to deliver when they appeared in a summer production of the rock musical during college . Gillespie was so focused , in fact , that they almost missed out on starting a relationship with their now-fiancé , YouTube comedian Grace Aki .
RELATED VIDEO : 5 Things to Know About ‘ Moana ' Star Auli ' i Cravalho
“ We were doing Spring Awakening at a local theater in Tennessee , and they always tell people , ‘ No , they were not into me during that show , ' ” they recall . “ And it 's because when you do this kind of work you try not to put your own feelings into it . ”
The two kept in touch as Gillespie returned to college in Chicago , and just over four years ago , they moved to New York City together . On Dec. 19 , they proposed on the Rise set .
“ When I found out that I got this job and we were doing Spring Awakening on Rise I was like , this is perfect ! ' ” Gillespie says . “ Everything was exactly how I wanted to do it . I planned how I wanted to do it two years ago , so it was a no-brainer . ”
Now the couple is in wedding-planning mode , gearing up for a small Southern affair with close friends and family , plus a bigger party in New York . “ I had no idea how much went into planning a wedding , ” the Roosevelt University grad admits . “ So anybody that has ever planned a wedding in their entire life or even been a part of planning a wedding , kudos to you because this is so insane . But it 's also very exciting . ”
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE ? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox .
One thing they know for sure is that their big day will include throws to Spring Awakening . “ A lot of it is theater-themed , ” Gillespie says . “ It 's going to be a nerd alert type of wedding . ”
Rise , also starring Rosie Perez and Josh Radnor , airs Tuesdays on NBC at 9 p.m . ET
With counties along the Coast taking precautions ahead of Tropical Storm Nate , electric companies are working overtime to ensure the safety of residents .
In addition to monitoring the storm , Mississippi Power is securing assistance for up to 800 crew members . Customers are encouraged to use online management tools to report and monitor the status of outages and receive updates .
Singing River Electric officials say crews are ready to transition into power restoration mode if needed . Vehicles are loaded with extra supplies and material , ready to be dispatched in advance if necessary . Linemen from neighboring electric cooperatives in the state are on standby to assist if needed .
`` Power outages during tropical weather are most often caused by trees or limbs falling onto power lines and lightning damage to electrical equipment . Singing River Electric dispatchers are on duty around the clock , and linemen will work to restore power to members as long as it is safe to do so depending on the severity of the weather , '' said Lorri Freeman , Singing River Electric spokesperson .
Outage updates and other information will be posted to Singing River Electric 's Facebook , Twitter , and Instagram accounts , as well as on www.singingriver.com .
Additionally , Coast Electric has made their outage map available to all members without the extra step of logging into an account .
Tips to stay safe during severe weather :
Review your storm plan with friends and family
Have an easily accessible emergency kit that includes non-perishable food , water , batteries , and a radio
Prepare an emergency plan for family members who rely on electronic medical equipment , or have special needs
Treat all downed power lines as live wires ; beware of lines hidden by trash or trees
Do not connect generators directly to home wiring , and do not operate generators while standing in wet conditions
Do not use generators in enclosed spaces
Download the WLOX First Alert Weather app or visit wlox.com/weather for the latest updates , and click here to view the WLOX Hurricane Center .
Copyright 2017 WLOX . All rights reserved .
Forms are being sent out to households and businesses this month
The City of Nelson wants feedback on cannabis sales and usage ahead of legalization this summer . File photo
City staff have set an aggressive timetable for public debate over the future of cannabis sales and consumption in Nelson ahead of federal legalization this summer .
Feedback forms are set to be sent the week of Feb. 12 to every household and business within city limits . The survey , which needs to be returned to City Hall by Feb. 28 , will be used by staff and council to help draft regulations in March .
That draft is hoped to be returned to the public in April , followed by at least two months of council debate prior to legalization , the date of which has not yet been set by the federal government .
Pam Mierau , the city 's planning manager , said Thursday they hope residents understand how important their feedback is to the process .
“ We want to create rules that work for everybody in this community and that reflect the wants and needs of people who live here , ” they said . “ It 's really important that people get out there , either come to out to these public sessions or definitely fill out that feedback form and get it back to us . ”
Mierau said the latest public consultation wo n't be bound to previous decisions made by city council about the six medical dispensaries currently operating in Nelson .
In March 2017 , city council voted to amend a zoning bylaw and adopt a business licence bylaw that would each allow local dispensaries to remain active at their current locations until federal legislation was introduced .
Then last month , council placed a moratorium on recreational cannabis sales , which is meant to prevent more businesses opening in Nelson before provincial and federal rules are made public .
All of those changes , however , could be completely re-written depending on the feedback given to city staff . Topics for discussion include :
• The amount of recreational businesses and medical dispensaries allowed to operate in Nelson , as well as where within city limits they are allowed to be built . Mierau said feedback given Thursday by local stakeholders suggested the current number of six dispensaries could be lowered .
• The Clean Air Bylaw , which currently says residents ca n't smoke within seven metres of a public entrance , anywhere within local parks , School District 8 properties , Interior Health properties and at transit stops . Mierau said that bylaw could become more restrictive if called for by the public , and may require more bylaw enforcement officers .
• Where residents can plant cannabis on private land . Individuals will be allowed up to four plants growing either inside a home or on their property . If those plants should be visible from the sidewalk , Mierau said , is part of the debate .
Related : Nelson council passes cannabis bylaws
Related : Cannabis : council passes moratorium after public hearing
In a presentation to media Thursday , staff said they had already consulted with five American communities in states where cannabis is legalized , and had reached out to 40 local stakeholder groups for consultation .
Mierau said there 's little precedent in B.C . outside Vancouver for how municipalities are preparing for legalization . A lot , they said , will depend on regulations decided on by the province , which are expected to be made public this month .
That announcement will also affect the six current dispensaries in Nelson , which Mierau said may need to suspend operations while they seek a provincial license .
“ Our assumption is they will be treated like anybody else who is looking to set up a retail store here , and they 'll have to go through the same process , and they wo n't have any advantage over anyone else , ” they said . “ But we 're not sure . ”
Mierau said a seventh dispensary , the Nelson Cannabis Compassion Club , has continued to operate without a license . They added the city has begun issuing fines to the club and that council may eventually consider an injunction .
Public information sessions have been scheduled for Feb. 22nd and 24th at noon to 1 p.m. and 4 to 6 p.m. on both days at City Hall . Staff will also be available at Chahko-Mika Mall on the afternoon of Feb. 24 . Current updates and background information can also be found at nelson.ca/cannabis .
tyler.harper @ nelsonstar.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
Galway Bay fm newsroom – Údarás na Gaeltachta has taken the first step in developing a major Marine Industries Park in west Connemara .
The Marine Park will be located in Cill Chiaráin .
The first planning application for an administrative building has been submitted this week to Galway County Council , which will decide on the plans next month .
Native resources have long been championed by Údarás na Gaeltachta as the best way to promote sustainable employment in west Connemara .
The development of a Marine Industries Park in Cill Chiaráin was identified by the Údarás as one of its key points for the promotion of employment when the Government asked for proposals for job creation earlier this year .
The Údarás has appointed Máire Éinniú as executive in charge of the project and the first planning application for portable buildings on the site is now being submitted .
Two offices , meeting rooms and ancillary facilities are included in the initial application .
It is envisaged that the Marine Industries Park would focus on a combination of projects in the future based on traditional marine and foreshore work , a range of aquaculture activities as well as processing and packaging work in the longer term with the objective of promoting employment in the Gaeltacht areas .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Tonghua Golden-Horse Pharmaceutical Industry Co Ltd
* Says it signs framework agreement to acquire six hospitals via cash , share issue
* Other details are not disclosed
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/GqrVJd
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
' ... on Monday ( 1/22 ) , we began the celebration of the St. James Society anniversary . ' Pilot photo/CardinalSeansBlog.org
Following the March for Life last Friday ( 1/19 ) , I departed for Lima , Peru to take part in the celebrations around the 60th anniversary of the Missionary Society of St. James the Apostle ( commonly called the St. James Society ) .
The anniversary celebrations , which were scheduled months ago , also coincided with the visit of the Holy Father to Peru . So , on Sunday I joined the Holy Father at their Mass in Lima . Also with us at the Mass was Bishop Robert Hennessey , who was in Peru for the St. James Society anniversary , as well . It was just an extraordinary celebration , and drew a crowd of over 1.5 million people .
St. James Society anniversary
The Holy Father concluded their visit to Peru Sunday ( 1/21 ) night and so , on Monday ( 1/22 ) , we began the celebration of the St. James Society anniversary . We began with a Mass which brought together many `` alumni '' as they call them , former members of the society , who had returned to join with the current members and friends of the society in celebrating the anniversary .
Of course , we were also joined by Father David Costello , who is the director of the St. James Society but lives in the North End . We were also very happy to be joined by Father Antonio Nardoianni , because in addition to being pastor of St. Leonard 's , they are also the pastor of St. Stephen 's Church , which serves as the headquarters of the St. James Society . Because of that , they were invited and we are so happy that they accepted the invitation and came down for the celebration .
The society was founded in 1958 in response to Pope Pius XII 's call for bishops and superiors of North America to help the Church in Latin America which was growing , but experiencing a great shortage of clergy .
... Over these 60 years , more than 330 priests have gone to serve with the society in Bolivia , Peru and Ecuador . I was very touched by the response of the Peruvian bishops who have priests from the St. James Society working in their dioceses . So many of them made a point of coming to the center house in Barranco in order to thank me and to thank all of the members of the St. James Society . It was very touching to hear the testimonies of those bishops .
The society also had a wonderful side benefit in that many of these priests who spent time with the society , learning Spanish and coming to understand Hispanic culture , later came back to serve in Hispanic ministry , serving our own Spanish-speaking Catholics in the Archdiocese of Boston .
To celebrate the anniversary , they had a whole week of different events , including different guest speakers each day . On Tuesday we had the `` centerpiece '' of the week of celebrations -- the presentation of the society 's Cheverus Awards at a Vespers service . Something like our own Cheverus Awards here in the archdiocese , laypeople and some religious sisters who have worked in the parishes or collaborated with works of the St. James Society were honored for their long-time work . It was a very beautiful celebration .
In all , the week was a wonderful time for priests who had worked with the society in the past to come together and celebrate the history of their ministries there .
A A
Demetrius Route said there is only one thing that matters when it comes to training Zelda , an energetic 3-year-old Chihuahua-terrier mix .
“ It 's all about love with her , ” they said . “ You can tell they were probably abused or something . Something went wrong where they did n't get a lot of love . ”
But Route said that they underestimated how much energy caring for and teaching the dog would take .
“ Her ears may go down or their tail may perk up . You do n't know if she 's got to use the bathroom or she 's hungry , ” Route said . “ You have to understand their body language , which took a lot of patience . ”
But time is not an issue for the pair because Zelda is becoming a more family-friendly dog in a unique setting : prison .
“ It 's a messed-up environment ; I 'm locked up , now she 's locked up , ” they said . “ At the same time , it 's growing for both of us . She 's in the position to where they can get the love and training they need to go to a family , and I 'm in the position to where I can learn some responsibility . ”
Through a partnership with the Humane Society for Southwest Washington , Larch Correction Center has a new program that allows inmates to train dogs on family-friendly manners before they are adopted .
The dogs live and train with the inmates , who throughout the day teach the dogs to sit , lie down and walk obediently on a leash . The rest of the time , Route and other inmates take care of the dogs — they feed them and play with them . The dogs sleep in a kennel in their handlers ' room .
“ It 's like a second chance for both the dog and the individual , ” said Cheryl Leon Guerrero , classification counselor at Larch .
Leon Guerrero heard from staff that they were interested in starting a dog program and worked to make it a reality , though it took a while to iron out the details .
They came up with a screening process to keep out inmates convicted of crimes that included domestic violence , child abuse , senior abuse or animal neglect or cruelty . They and Humane Society staff interviewed the inmates to make sure they were getting involved for the right reasons .
But by the time Leon Guerrero saw the first round of inmates graduate with a dog trainer certificate and the first couple of dogs go on to be adopted , they saw that the program was worth it .
“ I saw grown men moved to tears , ” they said . “ A lot of the guys they just need a companion . … They need an accomplishment . ”
Tara Zimmerman , canine training and enrichment specialist at the Humane Society , makes the trip to the prison once a week to show the inmates how to train their pups on family-friendly dog manners .
“ It was a learning experience for us . … I certainly have never been in a prison environment , ever , ” they said .
Looking ahead
Zimmerman said that while they 've started out by bringing the inmates more people-friendly dogs , they plan to eventually bring them the dogs with more behavioral issues so that they can get the 24/7 training they need .
“ It 's pretty much a win-win all the way around , ” they said .
Shawn Schulze said that when they first got Trax , a rowdy 14-month-old mutt , they had a nipping problem . In the first week , they broke them of their bad habit .
“ We did it through positive reinforcement , ” they said . “ He does n't nip at your feet or anything like that anymore . ”
Schulze said that prison is a place where there is a lot of negativity , but that it is easier to avoid when you have a dog .
“ You do n't focus on it . … Everybody who comes up is happy . You ca n't have a bad day , ” they said . “ It 's nice to spend time with an animal every day because they do n't judge , there are no opinions . They just want to be loved and have a good time . ”
Darion Chambers , 25 , spent some of their sentence in another prison where they already had experience training dogs . When they came to Larch , they became a mentor in the program . They said that training is more than just giving dogs treats when they do something right and withholding treats when they mess up .
“ It 's more about being able to understand each and every dog as individuals and not looking at them as just an animal , ” they said .
Chambers said that it 's not lost on them that the dogs they take care of may have led similar lives to the inmates who train them .
“ They 're no different than us . We all just need to have patience with ourselves and understanding getting to our underlying issues , whatever it is , ” they said . “ You have individuals that want to amount to something . We 've made mistakes in our past . Regardless , that does n't define us as individuals . ”
LAKE STEVENS , Wash. — A man is recovering after they and other adults were attacked by a group of teens partying on a Lake Stevens dock .
Jason Schultz suffered a black eye , concussion and some spinal swelling following an attack at Wyatt Park on Lake Stevens .
Schultz said they were at the park after dinner Sunday when they saw a large group of teens cussing , partying and throwing litter into the lake . A few adults went on the dock to calm the teens down when the teens suddenly attacked , they said .
“ The kids just initiated everything , ” Schultz said . “ We were asking them to clean up and they just jumped on us . It 's not right . ”
Schultz said before they knew it , they were on the ground .
“ I got stomped on the face by some teenage girls , ” Schultz said . “ Then they stomped me on my back . ”
More adults intervened and broke up the fight .
Police called to the scene arrested four juveniles and one adult , Lake Stevens officers said . The case was forwarded to the Snohomish County Prosecutor 's Office for possible charges .
There have been a number of unruly teens hanging at the dock lately , Schultz said , and quite a few neighbors have complained .
“ It 's horrible , ” Schultz said . “ They 've been going around pretty much just beating people up and partying and stealing from stores . ”
The Lake Stevens Police Department said anyone who sees unruly groups should call 911 .
“ The lake should be there for all to enjoy , ” Lake Stevens police said .
March 30 The U.S. Department of Commerce on Thursday awarded a 25-year contract to AT & T Inc for the construction of a nationwide wireless broadband network to better equip first responders during emergencies .
FirstNet , an independent arm of the Department of Commerce , will provide the No . 2 U.S. wireless carrier with 20 megahertz of telecom spectrum and success-based payments of $ 6.5 billion over the next five years .
The effort to set up a public safety network was triggered by communications failures during the Sept. 11 , 2001 attacks , when first responders were unable to effectively communicate as they used different technologies and networks .
A dedicated public safety broadband network was a recommendation of the 9/11 Commission .
The network will help emergency medical personnel , firefighters and police officers communicate vital information on one single network in real time .
Among the bidders for the contract was a consortium formed by wireless network operator Rivada Networks , which has former Florida Governor Jeb Bush on its board . The consortium - Rivada Mercury - includes Intel Corp , Fujitsu Ltd , Ericsson , Nokia and Harris Corp .
FirstNet , which stands for First Responder Network Authority , was formed under the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 , which had earmarked $ 7 billion for building a broadband network . ( Reporting by Laharee Chatterjee and Narottam Medhora in Bengaluru ; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar )
TORONTO The Canadian and Ontario governments plan to team up with a group of businesses to invest about C $ 200 million ( $ 150 million ) to fund an artificial intelligence institute at the University of Toronto , project organizers said on Tuesday .
Artificial intelligence , widely known as AI , has been touted as an emerging technology with potential to transform industries from healthcare and manufacturing to financial services . Those hopes have attracted Silicon Valley companies like Alphabet Inc 's ( GOOGL.O ) Google and Facebook ( FB.O ) , as well as banks and manufacturers to invest in AI research .
The center , to be known as the Vector Institute , will train large numbers of masters , doctoral and postdoctoral AI scientists who are needed by Canadian industry , said Ed Clark , who will head the institute .
It will also support research projects with potential to move from the laboratory to commercial success , Clark , a former chief executive of Toronto-Dominion Bank ( TD.TO ) , told Reuters in an interview ahead of a government announcement this week about the new center .
`` Clearly , the giants in Silicon Valley are going to be major players in this . But that does n't mean that we ca n't find things and areas where we end up being best in the class , '' said Clark , now a business adviser to Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne .
Clark serves on the board of directors of Thomson Reuters ( TRI.TO ) , the parent of Reuters News .
A majority of the financial commitment will come from the federal and Ontario governments , organizers said . They did not specify when the institute would begin operation .
The federal government committed C $ 125 million to develop AI industry in its budget last week . A Toronto-based Google spokesperson said the company had committed C $ 5 million to the Vector Institute .
Geoffrey Hinton , an AI scholar known for their work with neural networks , will be the institute 's chief scientific adviser .
`` This initiative came from the industry . They all know they need to have lots of very skilled people . This is a very fast-moving field and you want the people to be educated by people doing basic research , '' Hinton said .
They said that government support for AI research and training would encourage large corporations to expand their research labs to Canada .
( Reporting by Denny Thomas ; Editing by Jim Finkle and Peter Cooney )
Mason and the MOViN 92.5 Street Team came out to celebrate the grand opening of LA Fitness in Auburn . We handed out sweat towels and gave away fun prizes via the prize wheel ! LA Fitness had some great entertainment as well , including face painting , free samples , balloon animals and SWAG . If you stopped by the event and took a photo you can find it here !
GWEN STEFANI
In celebration of their aunt Donna 's 90th birthday , the singer posted a sweet photo of the two of them to their Instagram story , along with a handful of videos of their family enjoying the party . `` I said do n't get rid of that wonderful boyfriend of yours , '' Donna instructs Gwen at one point . Gwen replied , `` I 'll try not to ! ''
An online fraud scheme has bilked the Juneau Soccer Club out of more than $ 13,700 .
It began in February when a series of innocuous looking emails appeared .
“ It 's a form of email scam called ‘ spoofing ' where they make it appear that the email is coming from someone in your organization , ” said Ellie Davis , a board member of the club , on Monday . The nonprofit has nearly 400 players — some as young as 4 — signed up and organizes teams and tournaments .
“ The emails appeared to be from our board president to our board treasurer and the emails requested that payments be made on an invoice for some soccer equipment . ”
The so-called invoices requested three separate payments : $ 2,800 , $ 5,500 and $ 5,384 .
The board treasurer paid what appeared to be legitimate expenses .
But when the club president denied ever making the requests , it was clear something was wrong .
That 's when the club took a closer look .
“ Hindsight is 20/20 , ” Davis said . “ When you looked back at some of the detailed information in the emails that you could n't get unless you were looking at it in an expanded view , the time zones suggested that they were not in Alaska or maybe not in the United States . ”
Fortunately the club has enough savings to take the hit and does n't plan to cancel any programs .
Juneau Police Lt. David Campbell said the department is investigating the source of the emails .
“ In the time I 've been on the Juneau Police Department , I 've seen lots of fraud cases come through , ” Campbell said Monday . “ I have n't seen necessarily a spoofing one come through like this one has . But I think one of the best defenses that an organization can have is just really strong internal accounting principles . ”
The Juneau Soccer Club has a 2014 policy requiring two signatures for payments in excess of $ 5,000 .
Campbell said that 's a good policy . Though it was n't followed in this case .
“ Having procedures in place that require funds to be distributed by more than just one person 's authorization would go a long way , ” they said . “ Having multiple eyes look at something before a transfer happens is always a good idea . ”
The soccer club 's treasurer has since resigned .
0 Authorities seize 118 pounds of fentanyl enough to kill millions of people in Nebraska bust
KEARNEY , Neb . - Nebraska state troopers last month seized 118 pounds of fentanyl in what authorities said is one of the largest busts of the dangerous opioid ever in the United States .
Nebraska State Patrol Col. John Bolduc announced Thursday that testing confirmed that all 118 pounds of the drugs confiscated during an April 26 traffic stop was fentanyl . The drug , which authorities said was responsible for the 2016 death of iconic musician Prince , is 50 to 100 times more potent than morphine and 30 to 50 times more powerful than heroin , according to the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration .
“ Without question , that traffic stop saved thousands of lives , ” Bolduc said on the State Patrol 's Facebook page .
Breaking : The 118 pounds of opiates seized by troopers in April has been confirmed as the NSP Crime Lab as entirely fentanyl .
The largest seizure of fentanyl in Nebraska history and one of the largest ever in the US . pic.twitter.com/kHrv3lnyGH — NEStatePatrol ( @ NEStatePatrol ) May 24 , 2018
> > Read more trending news
Bolduc praised the work of the troopers during Thursday 's news conference , at which Nebraska Gov . Pete Ricketts also congratulated them on the bust , along with another one this month in which troopers seized more than 1,800 pounds of marijuana .
“ I 'm especially proud of our troopers and our staff , because these drugs , as we know , are contributing to the opioid crisis in our country , which is killing Americans every single day , ” Bolduc said Thursday . “ This work is saving lives . We ca n't even extrapolate out the number of lives that this particular bust has impacted . ”
According to the DEA , as little as 2 milligrams of fentanyl is lethal in most people . At that rate , the 118 pounds of the drug seized by troopers was enough to kill more than 26 million people .
Troopers conducted the traffic stop last month after spotting the driver of an eastbound 2013 Freightliner tractor-trailer driving on the shoulder of Interstate 80 near Kearney , State Patrol officials said in a news release . The trooper who initiated the stop became suspicious that something criminal might be going on .
The Washington Post reported that court documents indicated the driver , Felipe Genao-Minaya , was “ shaking visibly in the truck ” and that Genao-Minaya , 46 , and their passenger , Nelson Nunez , 52 , both of New Jersey , could not identify the previous load they carried in the truck , which was seemingly empty at the time of the traffic stop .
Troopers searched the truck and found a hidden compartment that held 42 foil-wrapped packages of white powder that they initially suspected to be fentanyl and cocaine , the news release said .
Pictured are the 42 foil-wrapped packages of fentanyl that were found in a tractor-trailer during an April 26 , 2018 , traffic stop near Kearney , Nebraska . ( Nebraska State Patrol ) Pictured are the 42 foil-wrapped packages of fentanyl that were found in a tractor-trailer during an April 26 , 2018 , traffic stop near Kearney , Nebraska . Troopers with the Nebraska State Patrol said the packages contained 118 pounds of the powerful narcotic , which , according to the DEA , is enough to kill more than 26 million people . ( Nebraska State Patrol )
“ Because of the dangerous nature of the substance , troopers do not perform field testing on suspected fentanyl , ” State Patrol officials said in the release .
The drugs were sent to the Nebraska State Patrol Crime Lab , where technicians identified the entirety of the load as fentanyl , authorities said .
Bolduc said the drugs would be worth more than $ 20 million on the street .
Both Genao-Minaya and Nunez were arrested for possession of a controlled substance with the intent to deliver and failure to have a drug tax stamp , the news release said . The Post reported that both men are being held in lieu of $ 100,000 bail in the Buffalo County Jail .
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
It features some of the best known songs in musical history and Dirty Dancing is returning to Milton Keynes Theatre later this month .
Based on the film of the same name , it can be seen from Monday to Saturday April 24 to 29 .
Johnny and Baby in Dirty Dancing
It 's the summer of 1963 , and 17 year- old Frances ‘ Baby ' Houseman is about to learn some major lessons in life as well as a thing or two about dancing .
On holiday in New York 's Catskill Mountains with their older sister and parents , they show little interest in the resort activities , and instead discovers their own entertainment when they stumble across an all-night dance party at the staff quarters .
Mesmerised by the raunchy dance moves and the pounding rhythms , Baby ca n't wait to be part of the scene , especially when they catch sight of Johnny Castle the resort dance instructor .
Them life is about to change forever as they are thrown in at the deep end as Johnny 's leading lady both on-stage and off , and two fiercely independent young spirits from different worlds come together in what will be the most challenging and triumphant summer of their lives .
The classic story of Baby and Johnny , featuring the hit songs Hungry Eyes , Hey ! Baby , Do You Love Me ? ' and the heart stopping ( I 've Had ) The Time Of My Life ,
It returns to Milton Keynes , following two blockbuster West End runs , two hit UK tours , and various international productions .
Full of passion and romance , heart-pounding music and sensationally sexy dancing , this record- breaking all new concept of the show is directed by Federico Bellone , choreographed by Gillian Bruce with set design re-imagined by top Italian designer Roberto Comotti .
Tickets for the show can be booked in advance by calling the box office on 0844 871 7652 or alternatively by visiting www.atgtickets.co.uk/miltonkeynes .
A A
Jasmine Morgan scored 14 points and Nami Nsubuga added 13 points and nine rebounds as Seton Catholic won a loser-out game in the 1A district tournament .
The Cougars ( 14-4 ) will play Elma in another loser-out game Thursday in Centralia .
Emily Martin added eight rebounds for Seton , which took control with a 17-6 advangtage in the second quarter .
SETON CATHOLIC 48 , STEVENSON 36
SETON CATHOLIC — Haley Vick 1 , Megan McDaid-O'Neill 2 , Kaley Beckwith 2 , Jasmine Morgan 14 , Cheyenne Badger 1 , Tiana Scruggs 9 , Amy Fraizer 2 , Emily Martin 2 , Josie Partridge 2 , Kaylin McGovern 0 , Nami Nsubuga 13 , Katherine Zdunich 0 , Jerrica Pachl 0 . Totals 15 ( 3 ) 15-26 48 .
STEVENSON — Jaida Emerson 2 , Kaitlyn Rathgeber 7 , Adriana Campbell 5 , Ashley Brannan 0 , Kennedy O'Mahoney 11 , Zoey Zapfe 0 , Peighton Campbell 4 , Amya St. Martin 5 , Rachel Zolp 2 , Jenieveve Monzon 0 , Laura Hobbs 0 , Hayleigh Nicklaus 0 . Totals 13 ( 2 ) 8-19 36 .
Seton 6 17 12 13–48
Stevenson 7 6 12 11–36
A man fed up with the amount of water in their Countdown chicken has taken their concerns to the Commerce Commission .
Andrew Simpson took to Facebook to express their concern over the amount of water that came out of chicken bought from Countdown every time they cooked it .
Last month , they posted a photo of chicken in a frying pan in a layer of water claiming the supermarket chain was adding water to their chicken .
`` TFW you 're trying to make a chicken stir fry but end up with chicken soup because Countdown Supermarkets load up their Barnwell Chicken with so much extra water to increase the sell weight . C'mon guys - fair play , '' they posted .
Advertisement
Countdown acknowledged their post , apologised for the inconvenience and asked for more details so they could `` follow up accordingly '' .
TFW you 're trying to make a chicken stir fry but end up with chicken soup because Countdown Supermarkets load up their ... Posted by Andrew Simpson on Saturday , 1 July 2017
But Simpson said they were not interested in getting into the details and signalled their intent to lodge a formal complaint if it kept happening ..
`` This happens every time . I cook your chicken most weeks . I 'd prefer not to talk about a problem I have but rather you sort the problem you have . If it keeps happening I will approach the Commerce Commission . ''
It seems the issue did not go away .
Fairfax reported that they submitted a complaint on Sunday after they drained 500ml of liquid from 2kg of cooked boneless , skinless chicken breast bought online from Countdown .
The Commerce Commission today confirmed it had received a complaint about the amount of liquid in chicken sold at Countdown .
A spokesperson said the complaint had not yet been assessed so no decision on whether to investigate had been made .
Countdown owner Progressive Enterprises has been contacted for comment .
The commission warned two chicken producers this year over packaging representations about the size of chickens .
The commission considered that Inghams and Tegel were likely to have made misleading representations about chicken size by including stuffing and marinade in the weight of chickens .
Global Flat Steel Market : Snapshot
The rapid increase in infrastructural development in Asia Pacific due to rapid urbanization and industrialization is working in favor of the global flat steel market . The construction industry in countries such as India , China , and South Korea have registered phenomenal growth over the past few years . Since flat-rolled products are extensively used in the construction of cladding , internal walls , and purlins , the expansion of the construction sector is translating into the greater uptake of flat steel . Moreover , the growing investments in the infrastructure sector and increasing stringency on iron-ore mining several countries are expected to augment the market over the coming years .
Read Report Overview @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/flat-steel-market.html
Flat steel finds applications across various end-use verticals , including automobile and transportation , building and infrastructure , packaging , consumer goods , and defense . There will be a strong demand for flat steel in building and infrastructure worldwide . It is used in the construction of railway tracks , bridges , roads , factories , buildings , and other engineering structures . The rising awareness regarding the merits of flat steel such as high durability , strength , and design flexibility and low construction and maintenance cost is driving its adoption across various verticals .
The global flat steel market is dominated by a handful of international players . However , the emergence of new suppliers is resulting in the decline in their shares as well as the intensification of competition . Rapid technological advancements and changing consumer preferences are prompting market players to look for new applications of flat steel .
Request Report Brochure @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=22274
Flat steel is steel manufactured in a sheet form by melting and rolling . It can be produced in different formats such as plates and strips . The basic method of producing flat steel is passing rectangular-shaped steel through flat rollers . Rollers are rotated in opposite directions and steel is fed through them . The produced steel does not have grooved or cut faces but has flat faces coated with zinc to inhibit corrosion . Heavy plates , hot-rolled coils , slabs , and coated steel are some of the flat steel products . However , heavy plates are produced using a press and the process is known as forming , rather than rolling . Rollers are often heated and lubricated to facilitate the passage of metal from the work piece .
About Us
Transparency Market Research ( TMR ) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services . The company 's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers . TMR 's experienced team of analysts , researchers , and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information .
TMR 's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information . With extensive research and analysis capabilities , Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports .
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower ,
90 State Street ,
Suite 700 ,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel : +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free : 866-552-3453
Email : sales @ transparencymarketresearch.com
Website : http : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com
A lawsuit alleging Trump campaign officials and Russia teamed up to publish Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) emails in the final months of the 2016 presidential election was dismissed by a U.S. District Court judge on Tuesday .
U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia Judge Ellen Segal Huvelle dismissed the lawsuit due to the court 's lack of “ personal jurisdiction over defendants. ” “ Campaign meetings , canvassing voters , and other regular business activities of a political campaign do not constitute activities related to the conspiracies alleged in the complaint , ” the district judge 's opinion read . “ The same is true of the fact that the Trump Campaign 's foreign policy team was based in the District . Its mere presence here , without it undertaking overt acts in furtherance of the conspiracies , does not represent a suit-related contact . ”
Judge Huvelle said the lawsuit 's dismissal was not a ruling on claims of collusion between Trump campaign officials and the Kremlin , noting “ Washington D.C. is not the proper venue for plaintiffs ' suit . ”
“ It bears emphasizing that this Court 's ruling is not based on a finding that there was no collusion between defendants and Russia during the 2016 presidential election , ” Huvelle wrote . “ This is the wrong forum for plaintiffs ' lawsuit . The Court takes no position on the merits of plaintiffs ' claims . ”
DNC donors Eric Schoenberg and Roy Cockrum , along with Party staffer Scott Comer , say veteran political operative and short-lived Trump campaign advisor Roger Stone violated privacy laws in conspiring with WikiLeaks , an alleged-Russia cutout , to publish the emails . Moreover , their complaint alleges Trump campaign officials “ entered into an agreement with other parties , including agents of Russia and WikiLeaks , to have information stolen from the DNC publicly disseminated in a strategic way that would benefit the campaign to elect Mr. Trump as President . ”
President Donald Trump 's attorneys filed a motion in the fall of last year to have the lawsuit thrown out .
“ This lawsuit threatens to interfere with the President 's ability to discharge their duties . The President occupies a ‘ unique position in the constitutional scheme . ' Clinton v. Jones , 520 U.S. 681 , 698 ( 1997 ) , ” they wrote . “ His ‘ responsibilities ' are ‘ so vast and important ' that they must ‘ devote their undivided time and attention to their public duties . ' Courts therefore have an obligation to ensure that private plaintiffs do not use ‘ civil discovery ' on ‘ meritless claims ' to compromise their ‘ ability to discharge ' their ‘ constitutional responsibilities . ' ”
The lawsuit 's dismissal follows President Trump ratcheting up criticism towards special counsel Robert Mueller , who after a year of investigations , has yet to present evidence of collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia . “ When is Bob Mueller going to list their Conflicts of Interest ? Why has it taken so long ? ” President Trump tweeted last week . “ Will they be listed at the top of their $ 22,000,000 Report…And what about the 13 Angry Democrats , will they list their conflicts with Crooked H ? ”
RICHMOND , Va. — Some buildings are being evacuated due to a gas leak in Richmond .
The gas leak was reported at about 12:36 p.m. near the intersection of North Avenue and West Graham Road , in north Richmond .
The number of buildings evacuated due to the gas leak has not been released .
This is a developing story . Witnesses can send news tips and photos here .
May 3 Formycon AG :
* In FY group increased its turnover by more than 15 percent compared to previous year to 19.5 million euros ( $ 21.31 million ) ( 2015 : 16.9 million euros )
* FY group 's EBITDA was -3.37 million euros ( 2015 : positive 1.47 million euros ) , with net loss for year being -4.07 million euros ( 2015 : profit of 0.58 million euros )
* In FY Formycon AG as group 's actual operational unit achieved a turnover of 13.9 million euros ( 2015 : 13.6 million euros )
* For 2017 financial year , anticipates an annual turnover in region of 25 million euros Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9151 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
From the Hosanna School Museum :
Juneteenth is a nationally recognized day that commemorates the ending of slavery in the United States and celebrates African American history and culture .
As part of its 150th anniversary , Hosanna School Museum will hold a Juneteenth celebration festival on Saturday , June 17 , from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. at the museum , 2424 Castleton Road in Darlington .
The festival is open to the public and free of charge .
Hosanna 's Juneteenth celebration will feature re-enactors , living history presentations , lectures , craft vendors , special activities for children , food trucks , a gift shop and more .
Hosanna is partnering on the celebration with the Iota Nu Chapter of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity , Inc. , which has hosted Juneteenth celebrations for several years in Harford County .
At the Juneteenth celebration , living history re-enactor Brittany Martin will portray Edmonia Highgate , the first teacher at Darlington School , later called Hosanna School . Highgate is a historical figure who worked alongside nationally recognized abolitionists such as Frederick Douglass , Jermain Loguen and Frances Ellen Watkins Harper . While preparing for this living history presentation , historians and volunteers at Hosanna have discovered new information about Highgate and their role at Hosanna .
Sponsors of Juneteenth include Harford County Office of Economic Development .
Free Tickets : https : //www.eventbrite.com/e/juneteenth-celebration-festival-tickets-34396372476
Hosanna School Museum was the first of three Freedmen 's Bureau schoolhouses in Harford County . Also known as the Darlington School or Berkley School , Hosanna was built on land owned by James Paca , the son of Cupid Paca , a free African American who bought 50 acres of land from Berkley to Darlington .
The Freedmen 's Bureau funded the construction of the two-story frame building , which was used as a school , community meeting place and church . Operation of the school was assumed by the Harford County School Commissioners in 1879 . Hosanna remained active as a schoolhouse for African American children until 1945 .
Three years later , in 1948 , Hosanna Community House , Inc. ( current owner ) was formed . The school building was used as a community meeting place until the late 1950s when Hurricane Hazel sheared off the top floor . With limited funds , the board preserved what was left of the building by placing a roof on the remaining structure . After these repairs , the building was once again a community center , although one story , used primarily by the Boys Scouts .
Significant restoration of the building began in 1983 , and the second floor was added in 2005 , returning it to its original two-story structure . Currently it is a living schoolhouse museum , attracting visitors from all over the country . The building is also used for community meetings and events .
Community members and businesses interested in helping to preserve history and educate generations to come about the history and culture of Harford County through the lens of African Americans are encouraged to make a donation through the website at hosannaschoolmuseum.org or by sending a check ( made payable to Hosanna Community House , Incorporated ) to P.O . Box 305 , Darlington , Md . 21034 .
× Family member says local Green Beret soldier killed was a great father and husband
PUYALLUP – A US solider who paid the ultimate sacrifice has ties to Western Washington .
Staff Sgt . Bryan Black , 35 , was a decorated Green Beret and on Friday their sister in law through tears called Black a great father and husband .
Black is one of 4 US troops killed on Wednesday by enemy fire .
Black was killed in the West African country of Niger but the profound pain of losing an American hero lives in the Stonegate neighborhood of Puyallup .
“ Somebody in our neighborhood to be affected like that , ” said one neighbor .
From the neighbors who talked , it 's evident , the Black family is well respected .
“ What an honor it is to live across the street from them , ” Whittney Kamel said .
Kamel says they never knew the neighbor they adore had a son fighting for our country .
A son killed when a large gang of ISIS fighters ambushed US troops according to CNN . Black was a special force medical sergeant .
Staff Sgt . Jeremiah Johnson and Staff Sgt . Dustin Wright were also killed .
The special forces were in Niger training African troops and militants came after them as they were leaving a meeting with tribal leaders .
“ As Americans we need to thank every one of these people every single solitary day , ” Kamel said .
Kamel will start with black 's mom .
“ As a mother I ca n't imagine what they are going through as a mother their son is a hero to us , ” Kamel said .
Another neighbor says Black 's mom , a teacher in the Sumner school district , was excited about what this year would bring , that was only several days ago . Now everything has changed as loved ones grieve yet again for an American hero .
“ Very sweet lady my heart goes out to them I am devastated , ” neighbor said .
Sales Staff required for busy car parts store in Galway City . Experience
in a similar type industry position is essential .
Apply by emailing your CV to : [ email protected ]
Girls play with a dog at live streaming talent agency Three Minute TV in Beijing , China , February 15 , 2017 . Picture taken February 15 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thomas Peter
Girls attend make-up training session at live streaming talent agency Three Minute TV in Beijing , China , February 15 , 2017 . Picture taken February 15 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thomas Peter
A stuffed toy is seen at live streaming talent agency Three Minute TV , in Beijing , China , February 15 , 2017 . Picture taken February 15 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thomas Peter
A girl carries a small dog in their bag as they walk inside a dormitory housing broadcasts of live streaming talent agency Three Minute TV in Beijing , China , February 11 , 2017 . Picture taken February 11 , 2017 . REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Girls attend make-up training session at live streaming talent agency Three Minute TV , in Beijing , China , February 15 , 2017 . Picture taken February 15 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thomas Peter
A girl broadcasts at a live streaming talent agency Three Minute TV in Beijing , China , February 15 , 2017 . Picture taken February 15 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thomas Peter
Girls attend make-up training session at a live streaming talent agency Three Minute TV in Beijing , China , February 15 , 2017 . Picture taken February 15 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thomas Peter
A girl broadcasts at Three Minute TV , a live streaming talent agency in Beijing , China , February 15 , 2017 . Picture taken February 15 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thomas Peter
A camera is seen at a live streaming talent agency Three Minute TV , in Beijing , China , February 15 , 2017 . Picture taken February 15 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thomas Peter
A girl attends make-up training session at live streaming talent agency Three Minute TV in Beijing , China , February 15 , 2017 . Picture taken February 15 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thomas Peter
A girl broadcasts at live streaming talent agency Three Minute TV , in Beijing , China , February 15 , 2017 . Picture taken February 15 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thomas Peter
A girl broadcasts at live streaming talent agency Three Minute TV in Beijing , China , February 11 , 2017 . Picture taken February 11 , 2017 . REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
A girl broadcasts at live streaming talent agency Three Minute TV in Beijing , China , February 11 , 2017 . Picture taken February 11 , 2017 . REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
A girl broadcasts at Three Minute TV , a live streaming talent agency in Beijing , China , February 15 , 2017 . Picture taken February 15 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thomas Peter
A girl broadcasts at live streaming talent agency Three Minute TV in Beijing , China , February 11 , 2017 . Picture taken February 11 , 2017 . REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
BEIJING Jing Qi , a part-time presenter on the live streaming platform Huajiao , underwent cosmetic surgery in March to improve their chances of becoming an internet celebrity .
After five hours of rhinoplasty and facial fat injections that left them with gauze covering their nose , eyes , forehead and cheeks , the 27-year-old said they felt `` even worse than dead '' . But the suffering was worth it .
Jing is among tens of thousands hoping to find online stardom as an anchor on the live video streaming phenomenon sweeping China 's media .
The fastest-emerging internet sector barely existed in China three years ago but last year produced revenues of more than 30 billion yuan ( $ 4.3 billion ) and according to an estimate by investment bank China Renaissance Securities , is set to more than triple that by 2020 . That puts it on track to overtake cinema box office receipts in a few year 's time .
`` I want more people to watch me , to spend Huajiao coins on me , '' Jing explained , referring to the virtual gifts their online followers buy that they can later redeem in part for cash .
`` In the end , I 'll be able to marry a tall , handsome and rich man , '' Jing said .
The rapid growth of live streaming in China has attracted a rush of investment , led by China 's tech heavyweights , Tencent Holdings , Alibaba Group Holding and Baidu Inc . They hope live streaming can boost existing services in e-commerce , social networking and gaming .
Tencent , the country 's biggest online gaming and social networking company , is backing a slew of streaming and interactive entertainment firms , including gaming platform Douyu . Alibaba 's Taobao marketplace launched a live-streaming platform early last year , allowing sellers to promote products directly to online viewers in real time .
The lure is some 344 million Chinese netizens – more than the population of every country on the planet bar China and India - who were watching live streaming sites in December . And that is only about 47 percent of all Chinese Internet users . There are about 150 live streaming platforms , most producing entertainment shows .
The importance of live streaming in lower-tier cities is greater than elsewhere in China . Access to the internet via a mobile phone is the major , if not the only , gateway to shopping and entertainment , said Karen Chan , equities analyst at Jefferies Hong Kong .
Live streaming has also bolstered the growth of ancillary businesses , including agencies looking to find the next live streaming star , consumer loans , and even cosmetic surgery .
Deng Jian , chairperson of Three Minute TV , an agency that provides 1,000 trained anchors to more than three dozen platforms , said their business operates a “ militarized ” production machine to feed the live streaming industry .
At an office building in a suburb of Beijing , dozens of Deng 's female anchors work each day around the clock in three shifts . Each anchor sits in a small booth , decorated to appear like a girl 's bedroom , facing a computer .
They sing and flirt with fans , encouraging them to buy virtual gifts , like a rose , sportscar or villa . The cash for the gifts is split by the platforms , agencies and the anchor .
Three Minute TV also arranges cosmetic surgery at partner hospitals for its anchors , arranges small bank loans for the surgery , photographs and markets the anchors and helps them find acting opportunities Deng said .
After the spurt of growth in live streaming and the rush of platforms it spawned , the arrival of tech giants is pointing to consolidation in the sector , analysts said .
“ Live streaming has always been a 'cash-burning ' industry , ” a Douyu executive , who declined to be identified , told Reuters . “ After an industry growth spurt , very few live-streaming platforms can survive until B round , ” the executive said , referring to the next stage of a company 's financing .
Authorities have also clamped down on streaming sites that provide illegal content , adding to the consolidation risk , said iResearch analyst Tina Zhang .
In July , China 's culture ministry announced that it had shut down 4,313 online show rooms , firing or punishing more than 18,000 anchors . Twelve platforms , including heavyweights Panda TV , 6.CN and Douyu , were punished and ordered to make changes after offering illicit content that “ promotes obscenity , violence , abets crime and damages social morality ” .
Still , the prospect of change in the sector has n't faded the hopes of thousands of young Chinese who want to become internet stars .
Jin Xing , the founder of cosmetic surgery app Soyoung , said they estimate 95 percent of anchors have undergone cosmetic surgery to improve their looks . The app connects cosmetic surgery centres with prospective clients .
`` Live streaming can not be faked and cosmetic surgery increases the chance of getting a virtual gift , '' said Jin , who reckons about a fifth of Soyoung customers come from the live streaming universe .
Jing , the Huajiao anchor , said their goal was to become famous enough as a streaming anchor to open their own online e-commerce store .
`` Using 72 hours of pain in exchange for three to five years of good looks is totally worthwhile , '' Jing said following their cosmetic surgery .
( Reporting By Shu Zhang and Matthew Miller ; Editing by Neil Fullick )
FRANKFURT , March 28 RWE on Tuesday flagged it could actively participate in consolidation in the power generation business in the medium term , not ruling out the acquisition of assets in its core markets , which include Germany .
Germany 's third-largest energy group could make `` selective and opportunistic '' purchases if competitors pulled out of the challenging sector and leave behind assets at good prices , Chief Executive Rolf Martin Schmitz said at RWE 's Capital Market Day .
Schmitz fuelled M & A speculation two weeks ago when they said RWE was considering several strategic options , including tie-ups with rivals and the sale of a stake in energy group Innogy , in which RWE owns 76.8 percent . ( Reporting by Christoph Steitz ; Editing by Maria Sheahan )
* Jan 2018 jet fuel margin reflects 40 pct spikes over Jan 2016
* Jet fuel margin on Jan. 26 tops $ 16/bbl , highest since 2015
* Tokyo , Seoul expecting another cold blast in week ahead
By Seng Li Peng and Jessica Jaganathan
SINGAPORE , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Asian jet fuel margins are at their highest in more than two years as Japanese and South Koreans burn more kerosene to fend off the chill of another cold wave about to hit the region .
Japan and South Korea are unusual among fully industrialised countries , with relatively widespread use of kerosene as a heating fuel . Jet fuel and kerosene are closely related and belong to a grade of oil products called middle distillates , with jet fuel margins determining the profitability of both .
“ The physical Asian jet fuel market remains supported in the wake of continuing cold weather in Japan as refiners maximize production of kerosene , used for heating in Japan , at the expense of jet fuel , ” said Sukrit Vijayakar , director of consultancy Trifecta Energy , in a daily research note .
As a result , Asia 's jet fuel margins or cracks rose above $ 16 per barrel of Dubai crude in late January , the highest seasonal value since 2015 .
For all of January , the average crack value held around $ 15 a barrel , about a quarter more than in the same month a year ago and more than 40 percent higher than in January 2016 .
In Japan , capital Tokyo has been hit by several cold snaps and even unusual snow falls this year , and more freezing weather is expected to arrive by next week , weather data in Thomson Reuters Eikon showed .
In South Korea , Seoul is also expected to see extreme cold weather next week , with temperatures possibly falling below minus 10 Celsius ( 14 Fahrenheit ) .
Temperatures are expected to turn towards a warmer seasonal norm by mid to late February .
This means two of the world 's biggest cities are about to experience another cold wave . Beyond demand for kerosene , this has also pushed up Japan 's and South Korea 's imports of thermal coal and liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) , which they also use as a heating fuel .
In the week ended Jan. 27 , Japan 's kerosene stocks plunged by 1.3 million barrels , or more than 10 percent , to a six-month low of 10.65 million barrels .
“ Other than the Japan factor , we also have the Lunar New Year and that would likely result in more demand for air travel , ” said a fuel trader in Singapore , declining to be named as they were not allowed to talk to media .
ATCHISON COUNTY — A motorist driving on four flat tires led police on a two-hour pursuit in parts of Kansas and Missouri before their arrest .
The chase began early Thursday in northeast Kansas ' Atchison County when officers attempted to stop a pickup truck driven by 34-year-old Shane Gage on a warrant with several felony violations .
Police say Gage later drove into neighboring Missouri , through St. Joseph and toward Savannah . St. Joseph police laid a spike strip that blew out all four tires of the suspect 's vehicle .
Police say the pursuit ended in Savannah , Missouri , where the vehicle veered into a ditch . Officers found drugs and three loaded weapons in the vehicle .
Gage was taken to a hospital because officers believe they ingested several grams of methamphetamine prior to the arrest . Police say Gage will be jailed after their hospital evaluation . They have previous convictions for Aggravated Battery and Involuntary Manslaughter , according to the Kansas Department of Corrections .
The AP contributed to this report .
DUBLIN Members of Ireland 's women 's soccer team have dropped a threat to boycott their next international match after they reached an agreement with the country 's football association to improve what they had called `` humiliating '' working conditions .
On Tuesday , 14 players urged the association to begin paying match fees , provide compensation for the majority of the squad who are not professionals and to allow them to keep their tracksuits after they were forced to change in and out of a shared kit at the public toilets of an airport .
The players refused to train on Wednesday before entering talks with officials from the Football Association of Ireland ( FAI ) that ran until the early hours of Thursday morning .
`` Following lengthy negotiations through the night a comprehensive agreement has been reached which addresses all of the issues raised , '' a spokesperson for the Professional Footballers Association of Ireland ( PFAI ) , the players ' representative body , said in a statement on Thursday .
The FAI said it was pleased that both sides had reached a settlement and that the players would return to training .
The controversy came 15 years after the FAI was drawn into a public dispute over playing conditions when then-captain Roy Keane walked out on the men 's national team at the 2002 World Cup , famously comparing Ireland 's training ground to a car park .
It also played out as FAI chief executive John Delaney was elected to UEFA 's Executive Committee on Wednesday .
Among their requests , the players asked that they be paid a match fee of 300 euros ( 256 pounds ) , receive gym membership and stay in hotels that had `` at the very least '' a working and reliable Wi-Fi connection .
`` Long night , tough going - Victory ! Thank you for all your support . It proves unity is a powerful force , '' Ireland captain Emma Byrne said on Twitter .
( Reporting by Padraic Halpin ; Editing by John O'Brien )
Norway 's new home sales down 9 pct yr/yr in May
OSLO , June 15 The sale of new Norwegian homes fell by 9 percent year-on-year in May while housing starts fell by 5 percent , the Norwegian Home Builders ' Association ( NHBA ) said on Thursday .
May 2 Bet At Home Com AG :
* Gross betting and gaming revenue increased by 23.0 % in the first quarter of 2017
* Guidance for full year 2017 confirmed
* Q1 gross betting and gaming revenue increased by 23.0 % to 37.2 million euros ( $ 40.58 million )
* Q1 EBIT amounted to 4.6 million euros , thus 2.6 million euros down year-on-year ( Q1 2016 : 7.3 million euros )
* Q1 net betting and gaming revenue therefore increased by 20.2 % to 29.4 million euros ( Q1 2016 : 24.5 million euros ) .
* In Q1 of 2017 , earnings before taxes ( EBT ) therefore amounted to 4.9 million euros ( Q1 2016 : 7.9 million euros ) Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9167 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
By Hayden Wright
Yesterday , Maroon 5 revealed the tracklist and roster of collaborators on Red Pill Blues , their sixth studio album which drops November 3 . Today , fans can hear “ Help Me Out ” featuring Julia Michaels .
Related : Maroon 5 Reveal ‘ Red Pill Blues ' Tracklist & Special Guests
The “ Issues ” singer duets with Adam Levine on the track , which focuses on two people helping one another overcome life 's challenges .
“ I 'm getting kinda over this/ I need a metamorphosis /Are you as weak as me ? /If not , do you wan na be ? ” Levine sings . “ I need some temporary saving / I need some , some uncomplicated… ”
The singers duet over a spare , electronic soundscape that 's both moody and upbeat—and Michaels ' voice is an excellent complement to Levine 's . “ Help Me Out ” follows “ What Lovers Do , ” Maroon 5 's collaboration with SZA that debuted last month .
Listen to “ Help Me Out ” here :
U.S. President Donald Trump waves as they walk from Marine One upon their return to the White House in Washington , U.S. , April 9 , 2017 . REUTERS/Joshua Roberts - RTX34UUD
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump will meet with about 20 chief executives on Tuesday as they work to gain support for a $ 1 trillion infrastructure program , tax reform and other administration priorities , said White House spokesperson Sean Spicer .
Trump will meet with the heads of General Motors Co ( GM.N ) , International Business Machines Corp ( IBM.N ) and Wal-Mart Stores Inc ( WMT.N ) , a government official briefed on the matter said .
Trump has pledged to unlock $ 1 trillion in private and public infrastructure investments to fix bridges , improve the electrical grid and broadband internet , modernize airports and potentially rebuild hospitals for veterans . Nearly three months after their inauguration , Trump will again seek the advice and funds of the private sector for their `` national rebuilding '' program .
Trump also wants to streamline the income tax system , cut federal regulations , reduce corporate income tax and add new taxes to prod companies to keep or move production to the United States . They have held numerous sessions with CEOs since taking office .
The chief executives are part of Trump 's `` Strategy and Policy Forum '' that was created in December and last met with the president on Feb. 3 .
The business leaders from a variety of sectors will also meet in small groups with Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao , Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt , Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross , Education Secretary Betsy DeVos and White House budget director Mick Mulvaney , Spicer said .
Participants in Ross ' meeting include Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon and Indra Nooyi , chief executive officer of PepsiCo Inc ( PEP.N ) . Pruitt 's meeting will include GM CEO Mary Barra and Paul Atkins , CEO of Patomak Global Partners LLC and a Republican former SEC commissioner . Chao 's meeting will include Tesla Inc ( TSLA.O ) CEO Elon Musk .
BlackRock CEO Larry Fink , who heads the world 's largest investment management firm , in a letter to shareholders Monday backed calls for private investment to rebuild U.S. infrastructure . The Trump administration plans to unveil as soon as May the $ 1 trillion infrastructure plan over 10 years .
`` Fixing crumbling roads and bridges is not enough . We need to be focused on reshaping our world , not just repairing it , '' Fink wrote .
Last week , Trump pitched infrastructure projects to about 50 New York area CEOs . National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn told executives that privatizing air traffic control , which the administration proposed in its budget outline in March , could be a big boost .
Other chief executives taking part Tuesday include consultant EY , Boston Consulting Group , the Cleveland Clinic and Global Infrastructure Partners , an infrastructure investment fund .
( Reporting by David Shepardson ; Editing by Andrew Hay and Lisa Shumaker )
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach , says their cycle over
TIRANA , June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016 , their first and only appearance at a major tournament .
BRASILIA/São Paulo , March 29 Loans in arrears for 90 days or more in Brazil fell in February to their lowest level in eight months , a sign that declining borrowing costs and steps by commercial banks to refinance looming debt maturities are gradually easing the country 's worst credit crunch in two decades .
The so-called default ratio , a benchmark for delinquencies , came in at the equivalent of 5.6 percent of outstanding non-earmarked loans last month , down from 5.7 percent in January , the central bank said on Wednesday .
Lending fell 0.1 percent in February to 3.070 trillion reais ( $ 982 billion ) , the report showed .
( $ 1 = 3.1251 reais ) ( Reporting by Marcela Ayres and Guillermo Parra-Bernal ; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama )
Possibly the most HATED guy we have EVER had on a Second Date Update ! ! ! Ricky has a sick and twisted way to pick up chicks and it worked on Becca ! Will they go out on a second date ? Find out in this shocking new podcast !
Leaked audio has revealed Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull launching into a satirical tirade impersonating US President Donald Trump at the Parliament Houses ' Mid-Winter Ball last night .
9 NEWS political editor Laurie Oakes decided to release the off-the-record speech Mr Turnbull made to Canberra 's press gallery , where Turnbull made fun of their meeting with Mr Trump .
`` The Donald and I , we are winning and winning in the polls . We are winning so much . We are winning like we have never won before . ''
`` We are winning in the polls . We are , not the fake polls . They 're the ones we 're not winning in . We 're winning in the real polls . You know , the online polls , '' Mr Turnbull said to the laughing crowd .
They even touched on the sensitive topic of alleged collusion between the Trump administration and Russia before the election .
`` They are so easy to win , I have this Russian guy . ''
A British woman who died fighting with a Kurdish armed unit in Syria has been described as an “ inspiration ” and a “ hero ” .
Anna Campbell is the first British woman , and the eighth Briton so far , to have been killed in Syria while working with Kurdish forces .
The 26-year-old , from Lewes , East Sussex , died in Afrin on March 15 while fighting with the Kurdish Women 's Protection Units ( YPJ ) , their father , Dirk Campbell , said .
It is feared they were killed by Turkish air strikes .
Speaking to the Press Association , Mark Campbell , co-chairperson of the Kurdistan Solidarity Campaign , said : “ Anna is a woman who seemed to have more humanity in their little finger than the whole of the international community .
“ She is an inspiration and a hero . ”
They said Ms Campbell , who is no relation to him , was killed alongside two Kurdish women amid the air strikes .
They added : “ I did not know them but I met with their father this morning . I have the utmost respect and condolences for their family . ”
Ms Campbell 's father told the BBC their daughter “ wanted to create a better world and they would do everything in their power to do that ” .
They added : “ I told them of course that they were putting their lives in danger , which they knew full well they were doing . I feel I should have done more to persuade them to come back , but they were completely adamant . ”
The YPJ is an all-female brigade of the Kurdish People 's Protection Units YPG , which has around 50,000 Kurdish men and women fighting against Islamic State in northern Syria .
Mr Campbell told the BBC they understand their daughter joined their Kurdish comrades when they left the fight against IS to defend Afrin from Turkish forces .
In a statement to the Guardian , YPJ commander and spokesperson Nesrin Abdullah said Ms Campbell 's death was a “ great loss ” .
Conflict between Turkey and Kurdish groups has been inflamed since January .
Over the weekend , Turkey 's president , Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , said the country 's military had captured the town centre of Afrin , which was previously controlled by the YPG .
Mr Campbell said their daughter was an “ incredibly principled , brave , determined , committed woman ” whose death had left them “ in pieces ” .
“ She was determined to live in a way that made a difference to the world and they were determined to act on that and do whatever it took , ” they told the BBC .
“ She was prepared to put their lives on the line . There are n't many people who do that .
“ In retrospect I think that I probably should have done more to dissuade them ( from going to Syria ) but I also knew that they would never have forgiven me if I had actively prevented them from going . ”
May 2 Qumu Corp
* Qumu announces first quarter 2017 results
* Sees Q2 loss per share $ 0.28 to $ 0.33
* Q1 revenue $ 6.7 million versus I/B/E/S view $ 7.3 million
* Sees Q2 2017 revenue $ 6.5 million to $ 7.5 million
* Sees FY 2017 revenue $ 31 million to $ 34 million
* Qumu Corp - Full year 2017 net loss is expected to be in range of $ ( 9.5 ) million to $ ( 8.0 ) million
* Qumu Corp - Expects that it will be cash flow breakeven for second half of 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Ramona Singer is being sued by a former employee who alleges the reality star underpaid and mistreated them — and defrauded Bravo by scheming the network into paying for clothes that they either already owned or eventually returned .
According to court documents obtained by The Blast , a woman by the name of Lisa Taubes says they worked for the Real Housewives of New York City star from January 2016 to December 2017 doing marketing and branding for Singer and their company , RMS Fashions .
According to Taubes , when they were hired , it was agreed that they would be paid a base of $ 4,000 per month for a 15-20 hour commitment , and would be paid for any hours exceeding 20 hours in a month . However , Taubes claims they regularly worked in excess of 40 hours per week and on the weekends , but was still only paid $ 2,000 every two weeks . They also allege Singer would contact them “ at all hours during the day and night , ” expecting them to “ be on call round the clock , ” and often demanded they perform duties outside of their agreement , including “ bookkeeping , dog walking , payment of personal bills , searching for furniture and apartment decor , and other persona errands . ”
Singer has not yet responded to PEOPLE 's request for comment . Taubes ' most serious allegation is that the Bravo star “ routinely ” instructed them to “ engage in unethical practices by submitting false receipts to networks for reimbursement on clothes . ”
“ Specifically , [ Singer ] asked Ms. Taubes to purchase designer clothes for the filming of Ms. Singer 's show , and instructed [ Taubes ] to submit receipts to Bravo Cable Network for reimbursement and then asked Ms. Taubes to return the clothes for refund , ” states the suit . “ [ Singer ] also instructed [ Taubes ] submit fake receipts for reimbursement on clothes that they already owned and demanded [ Taubes ] carry out these tasks . ”
RELATED VIDEO : RHONY ‘ s Luann de Lesseps Checks Herself into Alcohol Treatment Center After Palm Beach Arrest
Taube claims they were fired by Singer on Dec. 13 in the lobby of Singer 's building , alleging Singer “ publicly humiliated ” them by pushing them to sign a non-disclosure agreement . Taube alleges that when they refused to sign the papers , Singer “ shoved ” her , grabbed their handbag and “ overturned the contents ” in the lobby .
April 6 Coretx Holdings Plc :
* Announce acquisition of 365 ITMS Limited for an enterprise value of 5.4 mln stg
* Acquisition is expected to be earnings enhancing in first full year of trading Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Bangalore.newsroom @ thomsonreuters.com )
There 's a new National Treasure on the way !
Diane Kruger is pregnant with their first child , sources confirm to PEOPLE . The actor is expecting a baby with their boyfriend , The Walking Dead star Norman Reedus .
Reedus is already a dad to 18-year-old son Mingus Lucien , their only child with ex Helena Christensen .
Reps for the couple have n't commented on the pregnancy .
Kruger , 41 , sparked rumors of their pregnancy at the 2018 Cannes Film Festival , where they wore a variety of loose-fitting outfits during the event . ( The German-American actor took home the festival 's best actor prize in 2017 for their German-language film In the Fade . )
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements , plus celebrity mom blogs ? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter .
Diane Kruger at the 2018 Cannes Film Festival Dominique Charriau/WireImage
Diane Kruger and Norman Reedus Matt Baron/Shutterstock
RELATED : Watch and Swoon as Diane Kruger and Norman Reedus Kiss at the Golden Globes
Kruger and Reedus , 49 , first met while filming the 2015 movie Sky , in which Kruger 's character embarks on a journey of self-discovery after leaving their husband and getting romantically involved with Reedus ' character .
They promoted the film together at the Toronto International Film Festival before going public with their relationship in March 2017 .
The duo shared a smooch this past January at the Golden Globes , and again a few days later while attending the Critics ' Choice Awards .
Diane Kruger and Norman Reedus Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP/Shutterstock
RELATED VIDEO : Diane Kruger and Joshua Jackson Have Split After 10 Years Together
Kruger previously dated The Affair star Joshua Jackson ( who costarred with Reedus and Kruger in Sky ) for a decade before breaking up in summer 2016 . Reedus was in a five-year relationship with model Christensen , 49 , whom they split from in 2003 .
“ I did n't know [ Reedus ] before the film , ” Kruger told PEOPLE in 2016 of the now-couple 's time together filming Sky . “ We share a lot of intimate scenes . I was really nervous about meeting them and not being able to have a drink with him , or talk with him . ”
Rona MacNicol
Writer
Is Glasgow University doing enough to encourage students ' healthy eating on campus ?
With a seemingly inherent addiction to avocados , nutribullets , and Instagram fitness videos , the “ millennial ” generation , many of whom are students , seem to have sussed out healthy living far better than their predecessors . Indeed , studies repeatedly find that younger generations have greater awareness of healthy exercise and dietary habits . Wandering around Glasgow University 's campus , this certainly seems to be the case . With a multitude of sports clubs and a state-of-the-art gym complex it certainly can not be argued that the student populace as a whole are inactive . Similarly , food choices at university catering units , such as Food for Thought on level three of the Fraser building , seem to have become increasingly conscious of supplying healthy and environmentally sustainable food choices . The caterers boast pioneering the first university vegan menu in the UK , and a number of healthy snacks are increasingly appearing in vending machines .
At the same time , while all of these signals a progressive approach to the University 's food environment , there nevertheless remains an abundance of unhealthy options at most food and drink outlets throughout the University .
The vending machines sell a wide range of fizzy drinks , chocolate bars and crisps , the volume of which far outweighs that of raw bars , nuts , and fruit on offer . In the Fraser building cafeteria , arguably the biggest queue is the one for the freshly made pizzas . While not as unhealthy as a Domino 's , these are still high in refined carbohydrates , fat and sodium . And the latest addition to the library cafe is the Rollover hot dog , a processed food traditionally found to contain multiple preservatives , flavourings , and colourings . When questioned about this and whether the University really does take this issue seriously , a spokesperson responded , “ we do offer pizzas and hot dogs , but also an extensive range of soups , salads and vegetarian dishes and across the campus we aim to provide choice and value and to cater for all members of the University community . We take this role very seriously and are always working to develop new and innovative ranges ; we listen to our users and are always reflecting on any feedback we receive . ”
The British Nutrition Foundation advises students to “ take along their own items [ to the library ] like bananas , cereal bars , dried apricots or a handful of unsalted nuts or rice crackers ” , in order to avoid the temptation of grabbing a snack , like those mentioned above which are high in fat or sugar .
True , bringing one 's own food is cost-effective and tends to be healthier . However , if nutritional experts are listing these foods to be more desirable for a healthy body and a healthy mind , it seems like it could be a logical decision for universities to reduce and replace those unhealthy foods – which pose a temptation to lethargic students in need of a boost – with healthier , more nutritious options .
There is , of course , an argument that living in an economically liberal society should afford the consumer the freedom to choose their own products in terms of food . It is this argument , coupled with a general social belief in individualism , which has often informed various producers , corporations and even governmental bodies to suggest that the individual is the person most responsible for constructing their own healthy lifestyle . This could be applied within the context of university catering , claiming that it is unproblematic for universities to provide an array of unhealthy foods , since students should be free to exercise independent choice in relation to their own personal diet and health .
However , research is increasingly suggesting that a greater , more holistic approach should be taken to improve the diets of society , and this is equally true in the context of university . In fact , governments , businesses and the individual all must play a role in selecting a healthier lifestyle and the position of the University as an educational institution . The Scottish government recently conducted a consultation which found that , although consumer knowledge and responsibility plus exercise are important health determinants , that more interventions which rely less on individual choice and more on changes in the food environment are the key to making healthier choices on a daily basis .
Although by no means a measure of diet at Glasgow University , the overall statistics on Scottish diet suggest that monumental changes are required in our food system as a whole , and that includes the food environment of the University . Nourish Scotland , an NGO campaigning for food-related justice , found in 2016 that all of the Scottish dietary goals had been missed every year since monitoring began in 2001 . The effects of poor diet in Scotland are drastic , with 65 % of adults overweight and 29 % obese in 2016 , according to government statistics . Only 20 % of adults meet the five-a-day fruit and vegetable recommendation , and in 2016 adults ' mean consumption of fruit and vegetables was lowest for those aged 16-24 . A Scottish Parliament investigation in 2015 found that the annual cost to NHS Scotland of overweight individuals and obesity combined may be as much as £600 million , and estimates of the broader economic costs of obesity to Scotland range from £0.9 billion to £4.6 billion per year .
This is not to suggest that the University of Glasgow has a massive obesity problem , but rather , it should act more generally as an incentive for institutions , corporations , governments and individuals to join together in order to re-evaluate the importance of healthy food consumption and the state of our food system . A positive example of an institution taking charge on this matter can be found in a recent Scottish government proposal aimed at combating obesity , to ban retailers from selling junk food at low prices or on promotions , and will also seek to tackle marketing and advertising of unhealthy food . Exerting power over the junk food industry and over food options of consumers could equally be implemented in the university setting .
The Healthy Universities Network argue , based upon evidence from schools and the workplace , that an increased role played by universities in providing healthy and nutritious food options for staff and students will create healthy learners and healthy staff . This , in turn , can increase levels of achievement , performance , productivity and reputation , thereby “ helping universities conduct their core business more effectively ” . In other words , the University , by taking greater responsibility of the health of both staff and students , could actually benefit its own output and reputation as an academic institution .
Increased intervention and advice on diet is often viewed negatively , as something invasive and unwarranted . However , should Glasgow University seek to play a bigger role in determining the diet of their students , they may in fact reap reward . Just as they paved the way for UK-wide vegan menus in universities , the University could also lead by example by seriously reducing the availability of high sugar and refined carbohydrate snacks , and processed foods . Thus , seriously limiting the availability of junk food available on campus .
Not only would this enhance academic performance , it could also develop an enriched conscience of diet and nutrition among students which they could take further into their careers and broader society . There is little research on the impact of institutionalising healthy eating in universities thus far , but it 's worth pondering to what extent an improved food environment in academia could do to promote a revised conception of health and wellbeing throughout student communities and beyond .
May 3 Luminex Corp :
* Luminex Corporation receives FDA clearance for Aries Bordetella Assay
* Luminex Corp- also achieved ce-ivd marking for Aries Bordetella Assay , is preparing to submit its clostridium difficile assay to FDA later this month
* Luminex Corp- also is in process of completing a group a streptococcus clinical trial as it seeks to further expand its Aries menu Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Please note : Your password must be at least eight characters in length and contain at least one none alphabetic character .
Please prove you are not a robot .
By clicking `` Sign up for MyToday '' you agree to the our Terms of Use .
Sign up for MyToday
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Resolution supporting federal Fuel Economy standards introduced in the Ohio House
COLUMBUS— State Rep. David Leland ( D-Columbus ) today ( Jan. 25 ) introduced a resolution to express support for strong Corporate Average Fuel Economy ( CAFE ) standards and clean car standards . The proposed resolution supports initiatives that promote job creation , protect public health , and work to keep Ohio an industry leader in manufacturing vehicles and automotive parts for years to come .
“ Creating and maintaining high wage jobs , lowering gas expenses , and protecting public health and the environment are key drivers in keeping the current standards , ” said Leland . “ Only by moving in that direction , can Ohio attract the jobs of the future and , at the same time , fulfill our responsibility as caretakers of this planet . ”
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( “ EPA ” ) and the U.S. Transportation Department have opened the public comment period on the rewriting of standards for greenhouse gas emissions for cars and light trucks for model years 2022-2025 . The current CAFE and clean car standards maintains a strong industry program that saves consumers over a trillion dollars when fully implemented , cuts oil imports by over a third , and reduces carbon pollution to the equivalent of 85 million cars .
Here in Ohio , there were over 1.6 million light vehicles assembled in 2015 , including over 150,000 of some of the nation 's best-sellers in 2015 . Ohio is producing 70.5 percent of the North American light vehicle production within our state or within 500 miles of its borders . Additionally , Ohio boasts 95,000 people in the auto industry , with the average salary of these individuals earning $ 61,500 annually .
A new car meeting the 2025 carbon pollution requirements will save the owner nearly $ 4,000 compared to today 's average new car under the existing standards .
Leland http : //www.sunburynews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/48/2018/02/web1_david-leland.jpg Leland
May 2 The Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday approved a request to list and trade quadruple-leveraged exchange-traded funds , marking a first for the growing market for such funds in the United States .
The request to list ForceShares Daily 4X US Market Futures Long Fund and ForceShares Daily 4X US Market Futures Short Fund was filed by Intercontinental Exchange Inc 's NYSE Arca exchange .
One of the funds is designed to deliver 400 percent of the daily performance of S & P 500 stock index futures , while another fund will aim to deliver four times the inverse of that benchmark . ( Reporting by Trevor Hunnicutt in New York ; Editing by Leslie Adler )
WASHINGTON — The New York Times reported Tuesday night that phone records and intercepted calls show that members of Donald J. Trump 's 2016 presidential campaign and other Trump associates had repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before the election .
The article cited “ four current and former American officials ” for the information .
The Times said three of the officials disclosed that American law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the communications around the same time that they were discovering evidence that Russia was trying to disrupt the presidential election by hacking into the Democratic National Committee .
The Times , however , reported that the officials interviewed in recent weeks said that , so far , they had seen no evidence that the Trump campaign was colluding with the Russians on the hacking or other efforts to influence the election .
The White House had no immediate reaction .
Shortly after the Times report was released , CNN filed a similar report . It follows below :
High-level advisers close to then-presidential nominee Donald Trump were in constant communication during the campaign with Russians known to US intelligence , multiple current and former intelligence , law enforcement and administration officials tell CNN .
President-elect Trump and then-President Barack Obama were both briefed on details of the extensive communications between suspected Russian operatives and people associated with the Trump campaign and the Trump business , according to US officials familiar with the matter .
Both the frequency of the communications and the proximity to Trump of those involved “ raised a red flag ” with US intelligence and law enforcement , according to these officials . The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals known to US intelligence .
Officials emphasized that communications between campaign staff and representatives of foreign governments are not unusual . However , these communications stood out to investigators due to the frequency and the level of the Trump advisers involved . Investigators have not reached a judgment on the intent of those conversations .
Adding to US investigators ' concerns were intercepted communications between Russian officials before and after the election discussing their belief that they had special access to Trump , two law enforcement officials tell CNN . These officials cautioned the Russians could have been exaggerating their access .
CNN has reached out to the White House for comment .
The extensive contacts drew concerns of US intelligence and law enforcement officials in part because it came at a time of Russian cyberactivities targeting mostly Democratic Party political organizations .
Post-election intelligence briefings on Russian meddling in the US elections included details of those communications , which included people involved in Trump 's businesses .
The communications were gathered as part of routine US intelligence collection and not because people close to Trump were being targeted .
The FBI and US intelligence agencies continue to try to determine what the motive for the communications were .
One concern was whether Trump associates were coordinating with Russian intelligence operatives the release of damaging information about the Hillary Clinton campaign .
“ If that were the case , then that would escalate things , ” one official briefed on the investigation said .
U.S. mortgage bonds hold gains after details on Fed balance sheet plan
NEW YORK , June 14 Prices on U.S. mortgage-backed securities clung to their earlier gains on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve signaled it planned to reduce its reinvestments in Treasuries and MBS later this year in a bid to shrink its $ 4.5 trillion balance sheet .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Yamana Gold Inc :
* YAMANA GOLD REPORTS FATAL ACCIDENT AT GUALCAMAYO MINE
* YAMANA GOLD - ACCIDENT OCCURRED AT GUALCAMAYO MINE IN ARGENTINA THAT HAS RESULTED IN TWO FATALITIES
* YAMANA GOLD - FURTHER DETAILS AND EXACT CAUSE OF ACCIDENT ARE NOT KNOWN AT THIS TIME Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
RENTON , Wash. — ‘ Tis the season for holiday distractions . The shopping . The people . The kids running around looking for toys .
“ It 's been my experience that sexual predators look for the very best opportunity that they can find in order to encounter children and this time of year—in stores just like Walmart–where families are shopping for the holidays–it 's a great opportunity for people with that mindset , ” said Commander David Leibman with the Renton Police Department .
Sunday afternoon was the perfect opportunity for this man .
Police are calling this black male , likely in their 30s , a suspect — after allegedly assaulting a 10-year-old girl .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
`` She said that a man had followed them up and down a couple of aisles before eventually they and their other 10-year-old cousin were in the aisle all by themselves , '' said Leibman . `` The man came up , groped her , made some comments about paying or buying them a board game so that they could play and then eventually went away . ''
That incident was not caught on camera . But the concern is very real for Renton police who say the suspect could strike again .
`` I have no doubt that this person right now is out there doing something very similar to what we saw happen yesterday , '' said Leibman . `` How far they take these encounters -- we do n't know , but we just do n't want to find out the hard way . ''
When police reviewed the Walmart surveillance video they noticed the same suspect also following other children up and down aisles .
In another incident , they appear to wait for a little girl , approximately the same age , looking for toys by herself . In the video -- the suspect continues to look around -- appearing to wait to approach until they were alone .
`` At this point , not only do we want to identify the suspect , we want to know what happened with this female , too , because in the video it looks like he 's following them away . ''
An alarming find . Then came a third report -- all from inside this Rainier Avenue Walmart .
This time the suspect left and came back – parents telling Walmart security that around 9 o'clock Sunday , a man with the same description , followed their 4-year-old , offering their candy to come with him .
Disgusting allegations that have plenty Renton shoppers on high alert .
`` I think it 's scary and it 's sad . They 're shopping , they 're looking at toys , they 're not thinking that someone 's there to harm them , '' said mom Andrina Hill . `` I think they 've very sick and very calculating to do something like that . ''
Mom of two Jessica Valdez agreed -- walking into the same Walmart -- a day later .
`` It 's sick . It makes me even more cautious of where my kids are at and how close they are to me , '' Valdez said . `` There 's no way that I 'm going to take my eyes off my kids . ''
It 's a good reminder – that sometimes turning your back or just rounding an aisle – is all the time it takes .
One of the biggest concerns for police is that sexual predators like this are likely to strike again .
`` It 's my experience that people that do things like what we 've seen in the video and what we 've heard in the allegations -- this is their lifestyle . This is the kind of behavior that they display day after day , '' said Leibman .
Police are looking for the little girl wearing ( the teal sweatshirt ) who the suspect made contact with or anyone else who might have interacted with them at the Walmart in Renton Sunday afternoon or evening .
The suspect is a black man in their 30s , about 5 ' 8 to 6 ' 0 . They were wearing a maroon colored hat , a black leather jacket and skinny jeans with holes .
If you know their name or whereabouts , contact Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS . You can remain anonymous and if your tip leads to an arrest you could receive up to a $ 1,000 reward .
Risky business this coaching lark . Especially at a World Cup where 28-women squads are expected to win five matches in 17 days .
The player welfare element is highly questionable but it also stacks the advantage in favour of England .
“ The sheer fact that we have got great strength in depth with our squad makes it a lot easier for us , ” said the world champions coach Simon Middleton after the Red Roses 56-13 victory over Italy saw their entire bench rolled on as the tries ( 10 in total ) kept coming .
Tom Tierney does not exist with such luxury . Almost all the changes enforced upon the Ireland coach for this at times awful display failed .
But the suspicion is that Tierney had little choice but to put Maz Reilly – Ireland 's set piece general and at 6ft 3in the tallest player in the tournament – and Jenny Murphy on ice for this 24-12 win over Japan .
It seems unthinkable not to start Ailis Egan or Paula Fitzpatrick . And so it proved as the game took a dramatic swing in Ireland 's favour when these veteran forwards entered the fray .
“ Five match tournament with four days in between matches you have got to rotate , ” said Tierney .
“ You have to use everybody because some bodies wo n't be able to handle five games . Some will , but some wo n't . ”
So Reilly and Murphy are fit to play 80 minutes against France on Thursday ?
“ One hundred per cent , yes , ” Tierney replied .
Is it possible to get Ireland 's best team on the field for three matches in nine days ?
“ Yes it is . ”
The Tierney plan was to survive match day one and two . This is all Ireland have managed to achieve .
Cup final
“ We got through them nonetheless and now we go all out for the third game which is a cup final .
“ We win a match against France and we are into a semi-final . Do that and the hassles and worries and relief from these first two games will be forgotten about .
“ We ca n't feel sorry for ourselves , and we wo n't , ” Tierney continued , clearly accepting the fact their Ireland side have failed to perform until the hour mark against Australia and now Japan – until the fear of elimination took root in the collective mindset .
It shows a team with deep -rooted courage but , equally , this Ireland team continue to struggle with the basics of rugby .
This is nothing new in Irish national team sports , nothing new to those who tracked the men 's rugby team from Bordeaux to Paris in 2007 .
The French are coming and they backed up the thrashing of Japan with a comprehensive dismissal of Australia last night .
Despite being a side Ireland have beaten in the past at home , including last February in Donnybrook , they now look like genuine contenders to England and New Zealand .
Ireland look anything but potential champions .
“ The French are going to be excellent . They have shown that when they are allowed play they are a huge challenge .
“ But we are still in the game , we are still in the tournament . We are not down by any means yet . We will be firing on all cylinders – we are going to give it a massive shot against them .
“ We are going to be massive underdogs , we are not going to be expected to win by anyone , not by yourselves or anyone else outside the camp . That 's fine . ”
Logic disagrees .
But that has long been the case with a side who climbed , unlooked for by the IRFU , from complete obscurity to do the Grand Slam in 2013 .
They maintained these ridiculous standards , in 2014 , when beating the same Black Ferns side that are destroying all comers over in Davy Billings Park .
What is different now from back then is the number of unforced errors .
The knock-ons seem guaranteed every two or three phases .
It seems a mental rather than skill deficiency – perhaps brought on by the pressure of playing in front of the home supporters .
“ I suppose it is because the girls are well able to do it , ” Tierney conceded . “ They have done it before in matches and in training .
“ It 's just about refocusing the minds . We got out of jail tonight .
“ Without a shadow of a doubt . We just need to make sure we play the game of our lives against the French . ”
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Amy Schumer is reportedly set to star in I Feel Pretty , an upcoming comedy film from writer-directors Abby Kohn and Marc Silverstein .
According to Variety , the plot details for the film are being kept secret for now . I Feel Pretty will mark the directorial debut of Kohn and Silverstein , best known for their romantic comedies How To Be Single , He 's Just Not That Into You and Never Been Kissed .
The film is reportedly being produced by Wonderland Sound & Vision and Voltage Pictures , and will shoot on the East Coast this summer .
Shumer is also on board as a producer .
The 35-year-old comedian will be seen next in next month 's mother-daughter comedy Snatched opposite Goldie Hawn . She 's also set to appear in writer-director Jason Hall 's upcoming PTSD drama Thank You for Your Service opposite Miles Teller and Haley Bennett .
Schumer 's last big-screen appearance was in 2015 's Trainwreck .
In March , the actor exited Sony and Mattel 's live-action Barbie movie , citing scheduling conflicts .
Schumer also signed on in March to star in the comedic drama They Came to Me from writer-director Rebecca Miller , alongside Steve Carrell and Nicole Kidman .
Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @ dznussbaum
KING CITY , Ont . — The Winnipeg Hawks appointed controversial Australian opening batsman David Warner as captain of their Global T20 Canada team on Wednesday .
The 31-year-old cricketer replaces the injured West Indian Dwayne Bravo as skipper .
Hawks coach Waqar Younis told the BBC : `` He 's going to be a good leader . He 's a team man . He 's up front and they like to give whatever their knowledge is . ''
Earlier this year , Warner was banned from international and domestic state cricket for 12 months by Cricket Australia following the ball-tampering row that blew up during the national team 's tour of South Africa .
The former Australia vice-captain has made only six runs in three innings for the Hawks , their first competitive action for three months .
By The Associated Press
Hello
Create Profile
Creating your profile will enable you to submit photos and stories to get published on News24 .
Please provide a username for your profile page :
This username must be unique , can not be edited and will be used in the URL to your profile page across the entire 24.com network .
April 28 Nankang Rubber Tire Co Ltd :
* Says it will pay cash dividend of T $ 1.14 per share for 2016
* Says ex-dividend date May 16
* Last date before book closure May 17 with book closure period from May 18 to May 20
* Record date May 22
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/RlgvFT
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
The world stood by and watched the people of Egypt as they kept peaceful pushing for what we all knew they would never get . Sleeping out in the cold , and eating what they could get food from people who kept showing up . We all were hoping for them but we all never thought they could do what no other country has ever done . Well we all now are once again amazed at what the people of Egypt can do . They over through theirr government without tanks bombs guns knives , in fact without firing a single shot . They took over a country with a cell phone . Two thousand years from now no one would believe that any more than that they built the structures they had two thousand years ago .
We America need to wake up we need to stand up and tell Washington DC we want jobs , we demand health care just like the care we pay for them to enjoy.Making the rich pay their fare share of taxes is not sharing the wealth it is fare and equal for all not the chosen ones . We all need to stand up not be deceived by the tea party hidden backers policies . We need to say a corporation can not make political donations and all statements made during an election need to be backed by facts that can be proven . If the statement is only an opinion they need to state it and be willing to back it up if contested . The government should have a department that would look into every funded group making sure it is not duplicate and that it is useful . Also stop all lobbiest of all types .
First Lady Melania Trump had another awkward hand-holding moment with husband Donald Trump on Tuesday as the first couple welcomed French President Emmanuel Macron and their wife , Brigitte , to the White House for the Trump administration 's first state visit .
In footage captured by MSNBC and later dissected by Twitter users , Trump appears to make a subtle effort to hold their wife 's hand , first extending their pinky finger and then gently giving their hand a little shake before they finally place their hand his .
This is n't the first time Mrs. Trump has appeared reluctant to hold their husband 's hand . In May , the first lady was caught on camera clearly swatting away their husband 's hand during a trip to Tel Aviv , Israel . Then in February , as the first lady and president departed the White House for a trip to Ohio , Trump once again tried but failed to make hand-to-hand contact with theirs wife .
On Tuesday , Twitter took note of the Trumps ' latest awkward hand-holding moment .
That moment when your wife resists holding your hand… PRICELESS . 🤣🤣 @ realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/hDpPddTv5C — BetsyBits ( @ BetsyBits ) April 24 , 2018
Trump attempts to hold Melania 's hand at President Emmanuel Macron 's arrival at the South Lawn : pic.twitter.com/NlBlcdZ29s — Braxton ( @ braxtonryn ) April 24 , 2018
Look at poor # Melania right hand trying to tell # Trump that they did n't dig deep enough . — Sam ( @ SamMusaed ) April 24 , 2018
Trump 's attempt to hold Melania 's hand is EVERYTHING : pic.twitter.com/t7yqNGpJym — Braxton ( @ braxtonryn ) April 24 , 2018
Poor Melania , they loomed like they were holding back tears under their hat as they held Trump 's hand — Daring Reporter ( @ DaringReporter ) April 24 , 2018
“ Look at poor # Melania right hand trying to tell # Trump that they did n't dig deep enough , ” one tweeter joked .
“ Poor Melania , they looked like they were holding back tears under their hat as they held Trump 's hand , ” said another .
The first lady 's white , wide-brimmed hat was also lighting up Twitter on Tuesday .
The striking accessory stole the show as Mrs. Trump and French First Lady Brigitte Macron — both in white skirt suits — joined their husbands on the White House South Lawn for a military welcome ceremony . The first lady 's white suit is from the Michael Kors Collection and costs $ 2,195 , according to CNN . The outlet said the hat was also from the Michael Kors Collection hat , but a new pool report says it seems that “ Michael Kors is not taking credit for the hat . ”
On Twitter , people compared the first lady 's hat look to those worn by Beyoncé in their “ Formation ” music video , Jude Law in The Young Pope and Kerry Washington in Scandal .
Melania with the Young Pope hat pic.twitter.com/PqwI4bqO9A — Josh Billinson ( @ jbillinson ) April 24 , 2018
How did Melania get Fanucci 's hat ? pic.twitter.com/ZFZJwazkYm — Ben Shapiro ( @ benshapiro ) April 24 , 2018
Is Melania Trump 's white hat a symbol of morality like Olivia Pope 's ? pic.twitter.com/JZRHL7iuOi — KOlive ( @ kmomonahan ) April 24 , 2018
Others noticed that while Brigitte Macron managed to expertly kiss both of their fellow first lady 's cheeks beneath the wide brim , President Trump had trouble making contact and settled on air kisses instead .
Hats off to Brigitte Macron , who just managed a flawless French two-cheek kiss under and around Melania Trump 's enormous flat-brim hat . Which is gorgeous . — Anne Rumsey Gearan ( @ agearan ) April 24 , 2018
President Trump Kisses Melania Hat Gets in the Way April 24 , 2018 Live Satellite News : https : //t.co/bvKsFxG5PK via @ YouTube — LiveSatelliteNews ( @ LiveSatNews ) April 24 , 2018
Melania 's relationship tips : wear a wide-brimmed hat and your husband will never be able to kiss you pic.twitter.com/eVhzFFEulD — shannon carlin ( @ new_girl_friday ) April 24 , 2018
Joked one Twitter user : “ Melania 's relationship tips : wear a wide-brimmed hat and your husband will never be able to kiss you . ”
TROY L. PLOWMAN
Troy Lynn Plowman , age 49 years , of Great Bend , Kansas and formerly of Larned , Kansas , passed away at their home in Great Bend on Wednesday evening , March 14 , 2018 . Troy was born on May 14 , 1968 at Hays , Kansas to Richard D. and Donnitta ( Bullard ) Plowman . Troy grew up in Larned , and graduated from Larned High School in 1987 , where they were voted “ Most Likely To Succeed ” . After their High School graduation , Troy attended Dodge City Community College and later Barton Community College , where they earned an Associate Degree in Science . Troy worked as a Machinist for Curtis Manufacturing in Dodge City , Kansas prior to moving to Great Bend in 1993 . Troy was a former member of the Larned Church of Christ , and sang in the church and high school choir and chorus . They enjoyed listening to music , walking , hanging out at McDonald 's and Walmart , and loved to visit with their many friends . Troy enjoyed working with their hands and welding , and was especially proud of a large hydraulic crane they built which was on display at Doonan 's Inc. east of Great Bend for several months .
Survivors include their parents , Richard D. “ Dick ” and Donnitta B . “ Donnie ” Plowman of Larned , Kansas ; one brother , Brad ( and their wife , Sharon ) Plowman of Santa Fe , New Mexico ; one sister , Carla ( and their husband , David ) Givens of Marion , Kansas ; two nieces : Angela Margritz and Renee ( and their husband , Jonah ) Gehring ; one nephew , Bobby ( and their wife , Natalie ) Blackwell ; one great-niece Paige Gehring and one great-nephew , Adam Margritz .
Cremation has been chosen . There will be no viewing or services at this time . A Private Family Memorial Service with inurnment in Farmington Cemetery at Macksville , Kansas will be held at a later date . The family has requested that memorials be directed to the Larned Church of Christ at Larned , Kansas or Barton Community College Foundation , Great Bend , Kansas . Online condolences may be left for the family and a complete obituary may be viewed at http : //www.charterfunerals.com/locations/great-bend.php .
Arrangements Entrusted To
Charter Funerals
2115 Washington St .
Great Bend , KS 67530
( 620 ) 793-6161
Subscribe for full access
ENDS Europe offers individual subscriptions and bespoke corporate packages with prices starting from £763
For further information on how to subscribe or if you would
like to discuss what package best suits your company , please contact Benjamin Turek on benjamin.turek @ haymarket.com or +44 ( 0 ) 208 267 4629 . Or visit our subscribe page .
Or take a free trial
Take a 14-day free trial with full access to ENDS Europe website and bulletins
Start my free trial
Good morning , here are our early stories :
-- International Campaign To Abolish Nuclear Weapons Wins 2017 Peace Prize .
-- Las Vegas Shooter 's Life Comes Into Focus , But Not Their Motive .
-- Speaking Freely , Retiring Sen. Corker Warns GOP They Could Oppose Tax Plan .
And here are more early headlines :
Trump 's Cryptic Reference To `` Calm Before The Storm '' . ( NBC )
Nate Predicted To Hit U.S. Gulf Coast As A Hurricane . ( NHC )
U.K. Leader Says They Have Support After Speech With Mishaps . ( BBC )
Questions About Catalonia 's Independence Effort . ( New York Times )
THE Department of Finance ( DoF ) has advised local government units ( LGUs ) to tap its funding programs for climate change adaptation and disaster risk reduction .
These programs include the People 's Survival Fund ( PSF ) and the Municipal Development Fund ( MDF ) administered by the DoF 's Municipal Development Fund Office ( MDFO ) .
“ The first one is a grant that we provide for climate change adaptation , so these are protection of shorelines , in case there are higher tides due to the adverse effects of climate change . We can also fund solar electricity and water projects and projects sort for building shelters for emergencies , ” Finance Secretary Carlos G. Dominguez III told Eastern Samar mayors present during their visit to the municipality of Guiuan last week .
“ We also have the MDFO which provides long-term and low-cost loans for municipalities to build public markets , water systems , roads as well as also municipal halls . We are very open to that and it 's our office that manages these funds , ” they added .
The PSF 's funding is P1 billion each year , on top of the annual appropriations allocated to LGUs for climate change related programs and projects .
Among the activities eligible for funding by the PSF are projects covering water resource management , land management , agriculture and fisheries , and health . Other activities include guarantees for the risk insurance needs of farmers , agricultural workers and other stakeholders .
On March 7 , Mr. Dominguez led the signing ceremony in Manila for the financing agreements with LGUs selected as the initial beneficiaries of the PSF .
These initial LGU-beneficiaries are Lanuza , Surigao del Sur ; Del Carmen , Surigao del Norte ; San Francisco , Camotes Island , Cebu and Gerona , Tarlac .
The MDFO , meanwhile , administers the MDF , a special revolving fund that was established for relending to LGUs allowing them to access cash sourced from both local and foreign sources for the implementation of their respective development projects .
Mr. Dominguez , along with US Ambassador to the Philippines Sung Kim and Eastern Samar Representative Ben Evardone , were in Guiuan to visit the Secondary National Roads Development Project ( SNRDP ) that was funded through grant by the United States through the Millennium Challenge Corp. ( MCC ) . — Elijah Joseph C. Tubayan
Trey Shaffer wowed fans across the Coast during their prep baseball days at Biloxi High School , and now , the 2017 Mississippi Gatorade Player of the year looks to do the same at Southeastern Louisiana .
`` Man , it 's an awesome feeling being out here with all these guys , '' Shaffer said before an SLU baseball practice . `` ( I 've ) made a lot of new teammates , friends , long-term friends . ( It 's ) just been amazing being with them so far . ''
The former Indian is hard at work in Hammond , where they will split time between the outfield and as a relief pitcher for the Lions .
`` He 's the traditional two-way player that we like to get , '' said Southeastern head coach Matt Riser , a Picayune and PRCC alum himself . `` He 's extremely athletic . ''
Shaffer said they needed a little time to adjust to life as a collegiate baseball player , but that they are starting to settle in .
`` I would say the amount of focus , '' the former Indian said about the biggest difference from their high school days . `` Also , just all the athletes that are here . Everyone is just as good as you , now is the time to actually put in the work . You ca n't just have somebody pushing you to do the work , you 've got to do it on your own all the time . I mean , it 's a job now . ''
Riser said they expect big things from their prized signee .
`` To be able to bring them into this program and to get the Mississippi Gatorade Player of the Year into our program , I think speaks huge volumes of what we 've done , '' Riser said . `` ( Shaffer ) was un-drafted out of high school , obviously had some conversations with some scouts and whatnot , but he 'll leave this program here in three years as a top draft pick . ''
Coming off two-straight NCAA Tournament at-large berths , the only non-Power Five programs in the country to do so , Southeastern looks to make it three in a row , beginning with their season opener against Southern Illinois-Edwardsville . First pitch set for 6 p.m. on Friday , February 16 . The Lions will also pay a visit to the Coast when they face Mississippi State at MGM Park on Wednesday , March 14 .
Copyright 2017 WLOX . All Rights Reserved .
Journalists and establishment news outlets had a collective freakout after Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk criticized the media and called for further press accountability .
After calling the state of modern news outlets “ bleak , ” Musk said , “ something needs to be done to improve public trust in media. ” They also pitched the idea of a website where members of the public could “ rate ” journalists , editors , and publications .
You really think I have n't spent time in a newsroom ? I 've spent time in too many . Bleak . — Elon Musk ( @ elonmusk ) May 27 , 2018
You 're welcome to come by SpaceX , but please stop assuming I 'm against all journalists . This is not true . Something needs to be done to improve public trust in media . — Elon Musk ( @ elonmusk ) May 27 , 2018
During an argument with NBC News Reporter Ben Collins , Musk also declared , “ You 're missing the point & living in a bubble of self-righteous sanctimony . The public does n't trust you . This was true * before * the last election & only got worse . Do n't believe me ? Run your own poll… ”
You 're missing the point & living in a bubble of self-righteous sanctimony . The public does n't trust you . This was true * before * the last election & only got worse . Do n't believe me ? Run your own poll … — Elon Musk ( @ elonmusk ) May 27 , 2018
The SpaceX CEO also criticized “ free press ” arguments by responding , “ Who do you think * owns * the press ? Hello , ” which reporters then attempted to paint as an anti-semitic attack .
Who do you think * owns * the press ? Hello . — Elon Musk ( @ elonmusk ) May 27 , 2018
Uhhh Elon where are you going with this — Ben Collins ( @ oneunderscore__ ) May 27 , 2018
Dude you 're a billionaire , that 's the definition of powerful — Ken Klippenstein ( @ kenklippenstein ) May 28 , 2018
BBC writer Erin Biba responded to Musk 's call for media accountability by preparing a story about female journalists allegedly “ harassed ” by Musk fans , while Vice News reporter William Turton accused Musk of “ starting rich people gamergate . ”
HAHAHAHA HAHAHAHA HAHAHAHA HAHAHAHA HAHAHAHA HAHAHAHA HAHAHAHA HAHAHAHA HAHAHAHA HAHAHAHA HAHAHAHA HAHAHAHA HAHAHAHA HAHAHAHA @ WilliamTurton pic.twitter.com/MAJ5EfxXoq — Best Mom Eva ( @ mombot ) May 27 , 2018
congrats to Elon for starting rich people gamergate https : //t.co/KBTezzF2Ii — William Turton ( @ WilliamTurton ) May 27 , 2018
Concerned about where this is going . https : //t.co/5RLnlpyxsP — David Rothschild ( @ DavMicRot ) May 27 , 2018
Foreign Policy Executive Editor Sharon Weinberger also attempted to discredit Musk by claiming they had requested the ability “ to review all articles prior to publication ” after they visited a SpaceX facility , prompting Musk to reply , “ Disclosing classified US missile technology to hostile nations would violate ITAR law & land you in jail . I did n't review it , but my team did . Obviously nobody cared about what your article said . Please . ”
I was once invited to visit SpaceX 's facility on Kwajalein . Following interviews , I was told @ elonmusk had to review all articles prior to publication . I explained journalism does n't work that way . Their current tweets come as no surprise . — Sharon Weinberger ( @ weinbergersa ) May 24 , 2018
Wow , you 're ignorant . Do n't remember you , but disclosing classified US missile technology to hostile nations would violate ITAR law & land you in jail . I did n't review it , but my team did . Obviously nobody cared about what your article said . Please . — Elon Musk ( @ elonmusk ) May 24 , 2018
In an article , BuzzFeed Editor-In-Chief Ben Smith claimed Musk 's criticism of the media shows “ how little the tech barons shaping the new ways we live and consume information understand about journalism . ”
Vice News writer Eve Peyser , Independent Journal Review Editor Josh Billinson , and BuzzFeed UK Editor-In-Chief Janine Gibson all praised the article
glad that @ BuzzFeedBen is here to set the tweeting tech billionaire straight https : //t.co/57MHRLbz2D — eve peyser ( @ evepeyser ) May 24 , 2018
. @ BuzzFeedBen : `` Musk may be trying to ape Trump 's tactics , but their absurd charge … reveals something different : how little the tech barons shaping the new ways we live and consume information understand about journalism . '' https : //t.co/0EOjEneqlf — Josh Billinson ( @ jbillinson ) May 24 , 2018
`` I 'd list sloth and pride as journalists ' weaknesses '' , writes my boss over the water who clearly has no idea how much we drink https : //t.co/ZPr5rabjgj via @ buzzfeedben — Janine Gibson ( @ janinegibson ) May 25 , 2018
The New York Times , Newsweek , Slate , and Gizmodo also published negative articles about Musk following their tweets .
They are prone to unhinged Twitter eruptions . They ca n't handle criticism . They scold the news media for its purported dishonesty and threatens to create a Soviet-like apparatus to keep tabs on it . I speak of Tesla CEO Elon Musk . https : //t.co/TCaDCs45Vn — Bret Stephens ( @ BretStephensNYT ) May 26 , 2018
Elon Musk Promotes Site With Alleged Sex Cult Ties Days After Attacking Media https : //t.co/TkZ1JW8lxZ pic.twitter.com/wqdjBinyMs — Newsweek ( @ Newsweek ) May 28 , 2018
Elon Musk goes to war with the mediahttps : //t.co/cJLwjAr3Yc pic.twitter.com/HImTJSUz6d — Newsweek ( @ Newsweek ) May 28 , 2018
Elon Musk 's crusade for media accountability lasted three whole days before they recommended a news site affiliated with a suspected sex cult : https : //t.co/3uWNrkiACi pic.twitter.com/VX1eYXFqQc — Slate ( @ Slate ) May 28 , 2018
Elon Musk 's idea of 'excellent ' journalism comes from an alleged sex culthttps : //t.co/Bsru7aOpJj pic.twitter.com/TGqT3qAJf8 — Gizmodo ( @ Gizmodo ) May 27 , 2018
Elon Musk 's company , Tesla , has been plagued with problems and bad press recently , including bets against the company by investors , shareholder dissatisfaction , and problems with the new Tesla Model 3 . If Musk wants to draw attention away from problems at their company , the mainstream media are playing right into theirs hands .
When it comes to what we offer our visitors , the coast could be the best kept secret in the country . That may soon change due to a new partnership between Visit Mississippi Gulf Coast and the world 's largest travel site that could be a real game-changer .
Download Trading Post Classified Form CLICK HERE
Studio Line 9AM – 10AM : 620-792-2479
FOR SALE : 93″X34″ PC OF NEW FORMICA . 793-9202
FOR SALE : 3 TV ANTENNA 'S , AIR INFLATOR , HP PRINTER W/EXTRAS . 786-1945
FOR SALE : 6 TIRES STARFIRE 245/65/17 , COCKATIELS , TURTLE DOVES , EGGS . 792-7074
WANTED : SUV W/3RD ROW SEATING 2WD . 639-4670 OR 791-8520
FOR SALE : 4 PIONEER CAR SPEAKERS ( NEW IN THE BOX ) 639-2934
FOR SALE : OXYGEN ACETYLENE GAUGES , DARTH VADER COIN BANK , PEDESTAL SUMP PUMP . 793-0979
FOR SALE : CRAFTSMAN RIDING LAWN TRACTOR 46″ FOR PARTS . 639-1251
FOR SALE : PASTURE GRASS AERATOR , LARGE ROUND BALES , METAL CATTLE FEED BUNKS . 617-3944
FOR SALE : ALARM SYSTEM FOR HANDICAP , STAMP COLLECTION , 5 SPOOL SURGER SEWING MACH INE . 564-3093
FOR SALE : RED PATIO METAL TABLE W/4 CHAIRS . 793-2881
WANTED : FREE SMALL DOG . 797-1692
FOR SALE : 2005 CHRYSLER TOWN & COUNTRY VAN . 653-2367
FOR SALE : MIRROR . 653-2931
FOR SALE : 2 22 CALIBER PISTOLS . 352-0820
FOR SALE : 19″ FLAT SCREEN TV W/REMOTE , CHAIN SAW CASE . 785-735-4442
FOR SALE : 90 # BOAR PIG , MASTERCRAFT TIRE 31/10.50/15 316-619-8494
FOR SALE : LIVESTOCK CAGE FOR SMALL ANIMALS , FARM FRESH EGGS . 586-8009
FOR SALE : 1998 TOYOTA COROLLA . 278-6352
FOR SALE : CAR TRAILER W/TANDEM AXLES , HONDA 300 4 WHEELER . 786-5255
WANTED : 22 PISTOL 282-3957
TRADING POST CLASSIFIED :
THANK YOU FOR LISTENING & HAVE A GREAT DAY .
The world basketball federation has previously fined and suspended a player for 3 games for figuring in a brawl
Published 3:23 PM , July 04 , 2018
MANILA , Philippines – Samahang Basketbol ng Pilipinas ( SBP ) braces for the worst possible sanctions as FIBA , the world governing body for basketball , start its probe on the bench-clearing brawl involving the Philippines and Australia last Monday , July 2 .
`` Like in business , you have to expect the worst-case scenario and really prepare for it , '' said SBP president Al Panlilio .
Panlilio expects suspensions to be handed to several Gilas players and sanctions slapped on SBP , based on previous penalties FIBA sanctioned melees .
`` I 'm told [ another fight-marred match was ] not as big as what happened to us but there was some brawl and players were suspended for 3 or 4 games . They were fined . And also , the federation was fined , '' said Panlilio .
The basketball chief referred to the 2010 incident in Athens where a brawl broke out between Serbia and Greece in the last 2:40 minutes of the game . The match was abandoned and former NBA player Nenad Krstic , who was then playing for Oklahoma City Thunder , was suspended for 3 games and fined 45,000 Swiss francs for throwing a chair at an official .
FIBA 's disciplinary panel already notified SBP on Tuesday night , July 3 . The letter contained incident reports from the referees and technical committee , as well as a request for SBP to submit all materials to support its statements .
`` We 're hoping we 'll be able to present our case to FIBA . We 'll be given some time to do that and submit our own statement , videos and evidences to show our cause . I 'm sure they 're asking for the same from the Australian federation then give it to FIBA and await for the decision , '' explained Panlilio .
The Australian and Philippine basketball federations have a week to submit the materials to FIBA , which will release its decision during the tribunal held at the end of the qualifying window .
`` The tribunal will take a look at both sides and also their own assessment . I 'm glad they [ gave ] us this opportunity because again we will present the whole context not only the 4:01 mark of the 3rd quarter , '' added Panlilio . – Rappler.com
The Georgia state Senate on Thursday overwhelmingly passed a bill that would expand the state 's limited medical marijuana law to include people with 15 medical conditions , up from nine currently .
The bill now goes to Governor Nathan Deal to sign into law .
Unlike many other U.S. states that have medical marijuana laws that allow smokable and edible forms of cannabis to be used by people who have a wide range of conditions , Georgia only allows cannabis oil and even then , for a limited number of maladies .
The state Senate passed the expansion by a 45-6 vote . The measure was earlier approved by Georgia 's House of Representatives .
Georgia 's limited medical marijuana law was enacted in 2015 . If signed into law by Deal , the expansion will add to the initial nine conditions allowed by the state . The governor 's office declined to comment on whether Deal would sign the bill .
Users must be registered with state health officials and prove to be under a physician 's care for the conditions allowed in Georgia 's medical marijuana law .
State Senator Matt Brass said in a telephone interview on Thursday that they are part of the majority of lawmakers in Georgia who do not want to legalize marijuana for recreational use .
Brass said they supported the expansion because they wanted those with autism to be allowed to be use cannabis oil after obtaining a doctor 's approval .
The bill as passed allows use for those with severe autism , Brass said . The other conditions that would be added include Alzheimer 's disease , AIDS and Tourette 's syndrome .
Current conditions allowed to use medical marijuana in the state include cancer , multiple sclerosis , Parkinson 's disease and Crohn 's disease .
Georgia has about 1,300 people approved to use of cannabis oil for the initial nine conditions , according to Brass . They said they did know how many people would be affected by the expansion if signed into law .
( Reporting by Bernie Woodall in Fort Lauderdale , Florida ; editing by Daniel Wallis , G Crosse )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
LIVERPOOL 2 BOURNEMOUTH 2
April 5 Liverpool 's hopes of a top-four Premier League finish were dented when Bournemouth 's Joshua King stabbed home an 86th-minute equaliser to rescue a 2-2 draw at Anfield on Wednesday .
The hosts , who stay third on 60 points , fell behind after seven minutes thanks to a howler from midfielder Georginio Wijnaldum , whose back pass played in Benik Afobe to round the keeper and slot home .
Only a terrific challenge from James Milner prevented Afobe doubling the visitors ' lead , but Liverpool regrouped and were level five minutes before halftime as Philippe Coutinho threaded home from 10 metres after being played in by Roberto Firmino .
Wijnaldum redeemed themselves with a perfect cross for Divock Origi to head Liverpool ahead just before the hour , but the Merseysiders ' hopes of a fourth win in their last five matches were shredded by King 's late intervention .
( Reporting by Toby Davis ; Editing by Ken Ferris )
A lot of progress has been made on improvements at 1217 Madison Street in Great Bend . The once unsafe and dangerous structure with fire damage had its public hearing last week to determine if the City of Great Bend would raze the building .
At the June 5 Great Bend City Council meeting , Code Enforcement Officer Stuart Baker mentioned insurance adjusters thought the house was close to being totaled out . At the public hearing last Monday , Baker says the owner has made a lot of progress to repair the house .
Stuart Baker Audio
https : //www.greatbendpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/baker-madison.mp3
The Madison home endured a fire on February 26 , 2017 that severely damaged the front of the house and the owner reported termite damage . Baker says the interior has since been gutted with a new electrical service to be installed and more renovations to come .
The council voted to allow the owner to keep making improvements after showing intentions to make the property safe .
TORONTO Unitholders of Milestone Apartments Real Estate Investment Trust ( MST_u.TO ) have approved the takeover of the company by U.S. private investment firm Starwood Capital Group for about $ 1.3 billion , according to people familiar with the situation .
The move comes after Starwood agreed with Milestone last week to a sweetened offer of $ 16.25 per Milestone unit . Milestone had initially , in January , agreed to be bought out by Starwood in an all-cash transaction .
Close to 70 percent of Milestone unitholders who voted were in favor of the transaction , based on early voting figures , the people said , declining to be named as the matter is private . The transaction needed the approval of two-thirds of Milestone unitholders .
Dallas-based Milestone declined comment .
Milestone , which went public in Toronto in 2013 , owns and manages apartment properties targeting blue-collar workers across the U.S. Southeast and Southwest .
The news of the shareholder approval was first reported by Bloomberg .
( Reporting by John Tilak ; Editing by Himani Sarkar )
FILE PHOTO : A woman walks out of the headquarters of the People 's Bank of China ( PBOC ) , the central bank , in Beijing November 20 , 2013 . REUTERS/Jason Lee/File Photo
FILE PHOTO : A man walks past the headquarters of the central bank of the People 's Republic of China in Beijing , January 19 , 2010 . REUTERS/Loic Hofstedt/File Photo
BEIJING China 's central bank has been quietly boosting its policy independence and regulatory reach as it seeks to contain risks to the financial system , policy insiders said , to help ensure stability ahead of a five-yearly leadership team transition this year .
By greater use of market mechanisms to adjust interest rates instead of changing the official benchmark rates , which need political approval , the People 's Bank of China has assumed more targeted , timely and effective control of its principal policy objective - to calibrate the cost of capital in the economy .
And by broadening the scope of the tools it uses to assess and limit the accumulation of risky assets in the banking system , it has expanded its oversight powers without getting embroiled in the kind of bureaucratic infighting that has beset plans to create a financial super-regulator .
That has given the PBOC room to maneuver at a time when it needs to contain speculative bubbles and risky lending while avoiding abrupt tightening measures that could hurt the economy .
`` China faces big systemic risks , and 2017 is a crucial year for controlling such risks , '' said a policy adviser .
`` The central bank has been expanding its regulatory functions and it 's taking an over-riding role ( on risk controls ) . ''
The PBOC is likely to guide market interest rates higher using reverse repurchase agreements ( repos ) , and its standing lending facility ( SLF ) and medium-term lending facility ( MLF ) , while keeping benchmark interest rates steady , policy advisers said . That will allow it to fine-tune borrowing costs without using the blunt instrument of benchmark rates , which could hurt the heavily indebted corporate sector .
`` China 's economic fundamentals are slowly improving , but there could be problems if we tighten policy too quickly , '' a second policy adviser said .
The central bank raised short-term interest rates on March 16 in what economists said was a bid to stave off capital outflows and keep the yuan currency stable after the Federal Reserve had raised U.S. rates .
That followed increases in its repo rates and the SLF on Feb. 3 , and a rise in rates on the MLF in late January .
Its recent changes to interest rates have been announced during market trading , including just hours after the Fed raised rates .
In contrast , previous changes in official benchmark lending and deposit rates , which needed cabinet approval , often came in the evening or at weekends .
China 's central bank still has much less autonomy than Western peers , so it does n't have the final word on adjusting official interest rates or the value of the yuan . The basic course of monetary and currency policy is set by the cabinet or by the Communist Party 's ruling Politburo .
The PBOC did not return requests for comment .
TWIN PILLARS
Under long-serving Governor Zhou Xiaochuan , the PBOC has been a driver of the reform agenda , with a long-term goal to make banks ' borrowing costs more market driven to improve resource allocation and wean the economy off its reliance on state-led investment .
Reuters reported in 2015 that China was considering bringing together its banking , insurance and securities regulators into a single super-commission , following a stock market crash that was blamed in part on poor inter-agency coordination .
But policymakers and the different bureaucracies have yet to reach a consensus on how to proceed with a regulatory overhaul .
`` Such an overhaul is unlikely to happen soon because it concerns interests , personnel arrangements and relationships between different departments , '' said another policy adviser .
Chen Yulu , a central bank vice-governor , told a forum last month that the PBOC is trying to establish a `` twin-pillar framework of monetary policy plus macro-prudential policy '' .
The central bank 's macro-prudential assessment ( MPA ) is a formal evaluation that assigns a score to each bank based on parameters believed to include asset quality , capital adequacy , the proportion of liquid assets and stability of funding .
The MPA was launched last year and , while not publicly disclosed , the PBOC has widened the risk-assessment framework to include off-balance-sheet wealth management products ( WMPs ) in the first-quarter report , sources at commercial banks said , in line with the central bank 's announcement in December .
`` To control financial risks , we can not have a fragmented regulatory system under which different agencies do their own things , '' said a source at a major commercial bank .
`` Letting the central bank take the lead is most suitable , given that it 's tasked to oversee money supply , liquidity , and control systemic risks . ''
WMPs , often linked to shadow banking , have seen explosive growth in recent years , with funds channeled into stock and bond markets .
`` It 's necessary for the PBOC to take on more regulatory functions under its MPA because there are many hidden risks that could pose a threat to China 's financial stability , '' said the second policy adviser .
The official Shanghai Securities News reported last month that mortgages could also be included in the MPA this year . Home mortgages accounted for nearly 40 percent of China 's record new loans of 12.65 trillion yuan ( $ 1.8 trillion ) last year .
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) says China 's total private and public debt has grown to more than 250 percent of GDP , up from 150 percent before the global financial crisis .
( $ 1 = 6.8979 Chinese yuan renminbi )
( Reporting by Kevin Yao ; Editing by Will Waterman )
the 49th Koerner family St. Joseph Altar reception in took place at the family home in Bay St. Louis . ( Photo Source : WLOX )
Nearly 50 years ago , the late Patsy Koerner was concerned about their son Clyde Jr. coming home safely from Vietnam . When they asked in prayer for an intersession from Saint Joseph , an annual family and community celebration was born .
This week , the 49th Koerner family St. Joseph Altar reception in took place at the family home in Bay St. Louis .
Clyde Koerner Sr. , a military veteran himself , is an energetic 93-year old . They remember how the St. Joseph altar celebration began as a symbol of hope during uncertain times .
`` She started the altar so Clyde Jr. would come home safe , ” Koerner said . “ It kept growing as we gave to more people . We 've had a lot of help over the years . ”
Clyde Koerner Jr. said when they made it home safely , they promised to turn the celebration into an annual event .
`` I went overseas , did my tour , and I came back safe , ” they said . “ I promised to do it for 50 years , and this is my 49th . ''
Each St. Joseph 's day is marked as a time for celebration , reflection , remembrance and a chance to give back to the community .
`` Today we honor what was the gift that St. Joseph gave the people who sought their intercession , ” said Fr . George Gromley , who blessed the altar and the large table of food . “ It was a form of giving back from the blessings we receive from the Lord . It 's giving back from our hearts . ''
Clyde Koerner Sr. has watched as their children , 32 grandchildren , 23 great grandchildren and 8 great-great grandchildren also pay it forward through serving either in the military or in law enforcement .
Copyright 2018 WLOX . All rights reserved .
STOCKHOLM , March 30 Iceland 's prime minister said on Thursday that easing interest rates was of extreme importance to households and businesses in the country as it emerges from years under capital controls .
Centre-right Prime Minister Bjarni Benediktsson said lower rates would also allow the government greater scope on spending and called on a labour market that has seen sharp pay rises over the past year to give the central bank room to ease policy .
`` The best opportunity we have at present to improve standards of living is to lower interest rates , '' they said in the text of a speech at the central Sedlabanki 's annual meeting , published on the bank 's website .
Iceland lifted its remaining capital curbs earlier this month . It ended more than eight years of controls on businesses and citizens put in place after its banks collapsed in quick succession during the 2008 financial crisis .
Part of the catalyst for the crisis was a huge flow of international investment into Iceland because of relatively high interest rates being offered at the time .
Iceland 's central bank left interest rates unchanged at 5.0 percent in the wake of the move , but hinted it may lower them soon if an end to capital controls did not undermine the country 's currency .
Sedlabanki Governor Mar Gudmundsson said in separate speech that interest rates in Iceland were not high in historical terms but acknowledged policy was tight in current international terms .
`` The explanation , however , lies in historically very low interest rates abroad rather than abnormally high rates in Iceland , '' they said in the text of the speech , which was also published by the central bank .
Benediktsson also said their government was set to unveil plans to ease taxes on individuals during the current electoral term while raising them on tourism , a booming sector on the island famous for its volcanoes , geysers and glaciers .
`` There is no longer the same reason as before to grant concessions to the tourism sector by placing it in the lower tax bracket , '' they said in the speech . ( Reporting by Niklas Pollard Editing by Jeremy Gaunt )
Kristan Ann Ware has loved to dance since they were a young child . When at 23 they beat out hundreds of other women for a coveted spot as a cheerleader for the Miami Dolphins , they were dizzy with excitement after landing their dream job .
But Ware soon discovered there was much more to the position than the glamour of dancing before a stadium full of fans and posing in skimpy bikinis for calendars and fashion shows : They say an early training session involved learning how to deal with drunk fans , whom cheerleaders are required to mingle with at tailgate parties and other gatherings .
A woman pretending to be one such fan put their hand on [ Ware 's ] butt , moved it up and told Ware to say “ oops your hand slipped ” when dealing with groping men at promotional events , they say .
“ We were told we always have to be smiling , ” Ware tells PEOPLE , “ and be so nice . ”
Thanks to the Dolphins ' security team , who were with the cheerleaders while they interacted with fans , Ware says they received little unwanted physical contact — twice over their three seasons . But what drove them to quit a year ago , they say , was the treatment they received from team leaders , whom they allege badgered them about their virginity and forbade them from expressing their Christian faith .
Kristan Ann Ware Courtesy Kristan Ann Ware
“ My coaches sat down and said , ‘ Let 's talk about your virginity , ' ” Ware says , “ and I thought , ‘ That is n't right . '
Earlier this month , Ware filed a complaint with the Florida Commission on Human Relations against the NFL and Miami Dolphins alleging that they were discriminated against because of their religion and gender . Ware claims that they were treated differently than football players who kneel in prayer after a big play , openly pray together and talk about their faith .
The Dolphins have not yet replied for PEOPLE 's request for comment .
Until recently , NFL cheerleaders have been fearful to speak up about the downsides of their work — that beneath the glitz are surprisingly arcane and restrictive rules , pay hovering around minimum wage , and sexual harassment in the hands of fans . Many are forced to sign non-disclosure agreements , attorney Sara Blackwell , who has been contacted by dozens of former and current NFL and NBA cheerleaders and is representing Ware , tells PEOPLE .
“ You are immediately told you are seen , not heard , told that if you complain about what 's happening , you are completely replaceable , ” Ware says . “ All they need is a pretty girl in a uniform . ”
The emphasis on looking good in midriff-revealing costumes can take an emotional toll .
“ For me , and many of my teammates , the real killer was body dysmorphia and eating disorders , and the depression and anxiety which stem from that , ” Lyndsey Raucher , a college student who cheered for the New England Patriots from 2016 to 2017 , recently told The New York Times . “ I fear that I will never fully be the same . ”
Ware says they were emboldened to to speak up after seeing former New Orleans Saints cheerleader Bailey Davis on television talking about how they were fired from the job with the team 's squad , the Saintsations , after they posted a photo of themselves in a racy black lace one-piece outfit on their private Instagram account .
Bailey Davis Courtesy Bailey Davis
In a later interview with The New York Times ‘ The Daily podcast , Davis describes how they were paid minimum wage their first year and $ 8.25 their second year .
Off the field , Davis and their fellow Saintsations could n't date , be in the same place as or speak to players , Davis previously told PEOPLE . One restrictive rule even forced cheerleaders to immediately exit a restaurant if a player walked in .
The women are not allowed to follow players on social media , and if a player follows them the cheerleaders must block them . New Orleans Saints players , meanwhile , do n't have rules forbidding them to talk to , message or follow a cheerleader on social media .
Communicating with a player , Davis says , is not only against the rules but grounds for immediate termination .
When asked about the justification for this , Davis told The Daily their bosses explained : “ Players are predators , they will prey on you . ”
“ It 's such a double standard , ” Kate Mayfield , 37 , a former cheerleader for the Baltimore Ravens who is now a hedge fund consultant , recently told The New York Times . “ They explain it to us like the rules are in place to keep us out of trouble , because the league is going to protect the player if something happens . Because the players are , if it comes down to it , more important , even though we 're also on the field . I do n't think I questioned it back then . I was 22 . ”
Davis filed a complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission , citing gender discrimination because social media rules are different for players and the cheerleaders .
Bailey Davis Sean Gardner/Getty
In a statement to PEOPLE last month , Gregory Rouchell of Adams and Reese LLP , who serves as legal counsel for the Saints , said the team stands by their claim that they did not discriminate against Davis .
“ The New Orleans Saints is an equal opportunity employer , and it denies that Ms. Davis was discriminated against because they are female , ” the statement reads . “ The Saints will defend these allegations in due course , and the Organization is confident that its policies and workplace rules will withstand legal scrutiny . ”
Ware and Davis are both represented by Sara Blackwell , who tells PEOPLE that since Davis opened up about their experience over 60 current and former cheerleaders with the NFL and NBA have contacted them with their own stories of sexual harassment at the hands of fans , low pay and exploitive rules .
“ Sportscasters have told me that this is the way it is , ” Blackwell says . “ I am hearing the same story from everybody . It 's really unbelievable . ”
In a statement to PEOPLE , a spokesperson for the league said of the cheerleaders ' claims : “ The NFL and all NFL member clubs support fair employment practices . Everyone who works in the NFL , including cheerleaders , has the right to work in a positive and respectful environment that is free from any and all forms of harassment and discrimination and fully complies with state and federal laws . Our office will work with our clubs in sharing best practices and employment-related processes that will support club cheerleading squads within an appropriate and supportive workplace . ”
In the meantime , cheerleaders have come to realize that groping and sexual harassment are part of the job , with teams profiting by sending cheerleaders into pregame tailgating and other gatherings where they are subjected to offensive sexual comments and unwanted touches by fans , according to interviews The New York Times did with dozens of current and former cheerleaders .
Oftentimes the cheerleaders must fend for themselves , sometimes visiting fans in pairs or small groups to feel safer , according to the Times .
“ When you have on a push-up bra and a fringed skirt , it can sometimes , unfortunately , feel like it comes with the territory , ” Labriah Lee Holt , a former cheerleader for the Tennessee Titans , told the newspaper . “ I never experienced anything where someone on the professional staff or the team said something or made me feel that way . But you definitely experience that when you encounter people who have been drinking beer . ”
Bailey Davis ( right ) Bailey Davis/Instagram
Davis , meanwhile , told The Daily that their most negative experience was the requirement to sell 20 calendars before each game .
“ Right after field rehearsal , we had to go around the drunk guys and sell these calendars , ” they say . “ I 'd always come in with 10 or five left and after I got hollered at I 'd get pulled before the third quarter . ”
But Davis came up with a solution : Them father and boyfriend at the time brought extra cash to buy any of their unsold calendars so they could be on the field for the duration of the game .
“ It got to the point , ” they say , “ where you are begging people to buy them . ”
MILAN , April 13 Italy will offer a new `` BTP Italia '' inflation-linked bond starting from May 15 , the Treasury said in a statement on Thursday .
The bond , which is aimed at retail investors , will have a six-year maturity and pay a coupon linked to the Italian inflation rate .
Retail investors will be able to buy the bond directly through their online banking accounts between May 15 and 17 , while the offer to institutional investors will take place on May 18 .
Italy introduced the BTP Italia bonds at the height of the euro zone crisis to tap large private wealth at home in the face of scant foreign demand for its debt .
The bonds , which pay a generous premium over the euro zone inflation rate , have proved a success also with institutional buyers , leading to record-sized issues and prompting the Treasury to limit the amount sold to professional investors . ( Reporting by Francesca Landini )
LONDON , April 5 - Bank of England rate-setter Gertjan Vlieghe said on Wednesday a consumer slowdown was already underway in Britain and was likely to worsen , underscoring the need for caution on interest rates .
Vlieghe , who is considered one of the central bank 's most dovish policymakers , repeated their view that a premature rate hike was more dangerous than one that came too late .
They also said weak wage growth meant the ongoing rise in inflation , pushed up by the fall in the value of the pound since last June 's Brexit vote , was unlikely to turn into something more damaging .
`` The consumer slowdown , which initially did not materialise , now appears to be underway , '' Vlieghe said in a speech delivered at the offices of Bloomberg in London .
`` Given the hit to real income from a mix of subdued wage growth and rising inflation , I think the slowdown is more likely to intensify than fade away . ''
The BoE is widely expected to keep interest rates at their record low throughout this year and possibly until 2019 as it steers the British economy through the uncertainty linked to the exit from the EU .
However , one rate-setter - Kristin Forbes - voted last month for a rate hike and others said they might follow suit soon if there were signs of inflation picking up by more than expected or that economy was maintaining its momentum of 2016 .
To consider a rate hike , Vlieghe said they would need to see evidence that inflation pressures were spreading beyond the effect of sterling 's depreciation , or that there was a pick-up again in household spending and borrowing .
Vlieghe also warned that a `` more material '' fall in business spending might take place in response to uncertainty around Brexit , given the two-year clock on the negotiations with the European Union had just started .
In their speech , they addressed criticism of the BoE for its warning , made before last year 's Brexit vote , that Britian 's economy would face a quick and sharp hit in the event of a decision to leave the EU , something which has not yet happened .
Vlieghe said the BoE had been less pessimistic than many other forecasters and , in any case , its decision to cut rates in August had been the right one . `` I would take exactly the same action again if faced with the same circumstances , '' they said .
( ( Reporting by Andy Bruce and Alistair Smout ; editing by William Schomberg ) ; ( ( andy.bruce @ thomsonreuters.com ; +442075423484 ; Reuters Messaging : andy.bruce.thomsonreuters.com @ reuters.net ) ) )
Saturday Mostly sunny , with a high near 60 . South southwest wind 9 to 17 mph becoming west northwest in the afternoon . Winds could gust as high as 26 mph .
Saturday Night Partly cloudy , with a low around 25 . Northwest wind 6 to 9 mph .
Sunday Mostly cloudy , with a high near 29 . Blustery , with a north northeast wind 10 to 20 mph , with gusts as high as 28 mph .
Sunday Night Partly cloudy , with a low around 15 . North northeast wind 6 to 11 mph becoming south after midnight .
Monday Mostly sunny , with a high near 49 .
Monday Night A 50 percent chance of snow after 1am . Mostly cloudy , with a low around 20 .
Tuesday A 50 percent chance of snow . Mostly cloudy , with a high near 30 .
Tuesday Night A 30 percent chance of snow before 7pm . Partly cloudy , with a low around 14 .
Wednesday Sunny , with a high near 43 .
Wednesday Night Mostly clear , with a low around 23 .
Thursday Sunny , with a high near 49 .
Thursday Night Partly cloudy , with a low around 23 .
Friday A chance of rain and snow . Partly sunny , with a high near 44 . Chance of precipitation is 30 % .
Effective June 22 , 2017 , QATV Government Access programming will move to Channel 9 . All programming currently seen on QATV-11 , including City Council meetings , City View w/ Mayor Thomas Koch , DPW Updates , FYI : Quincy Health Department and more , will be seen on Channel 9 . Comcast notified QATV of this channel change and the June 22 , 2017 effective date . For more information , or questions about the change to Channel 9 , please call QATV at 617-376-1440 .
FILE PHOTO - EpiPen auto-injection epinephrine pens manufactured by Mylan NV pharmaceutical company for use by severe allergy sufferers are seen in Washington , U.S. August 24 , 2016 . REUTERS/Jim Bourg/File Photo
Mylan NV ( MYL.O ) has been hit with a new proposed class action lawsuit over the price of its EpiPen allergy treatment , which shot up to more than $ 600 for a two-pack of the device from less than $ 100 in 2007 .
The lawsuit was filed on Monday in Tacoma , Washington , federal court by three EpiPen purchasers . It claims Mylan engaged in a scheme with pharmacy benefit managers , or PBMs - companies that act as intermediaries between pharmacies , insurers and drug companies - to dominate the market and overcharge consumers .
Although other lawsuits have been filed over EpiPen pricing , Monday 's is the first to focus on the role of PBMs and to bring claims under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act , a federal law historically used against organized crime .
Mylan spokesperson Nina Devlin declined to comment .
The EpiPen , acquired by Mylan in 2007 , is a hand-held device that treats life-threatening allergic reactions by automatically injecting a dose of epinephrine . The company now sells a $ 300 generic version .
The plaintiffs in Monday 's lawsuit say Mylan paid large rebates to PBMs so they would favor EpiPen over competitors . In helping Mylan control 95 percent of the epinephrine auto-injector market , the rebates artificially inflated EpiPen 's sticker price , resulting in higher costs for many patients , the suit said .
The lawsuit says the three largest U.S. pharmacy benefits managers - CVS Caremark , part of CVS Health ( CVS.N ) ; Express Scripts Holding Co ( ESRX.O ) and OptumRX , part of UnitedHealth Group Inc ( UNH.N ) - aided Mylan 's alleged scheme . They were not named as defendants .
The plaintiffs are seeking damages to represent a nationwide class of EpiPen purchasers .
Mylan has grappled with a growing backlash from U.S. consumers over the price of EpiPen in the last year . Other class action lawsuits have been filed against Mylan over the pricing of EpiPen , including two currently consolidated in Kansas federal court . However , they have not focused on the role of PBMs .
The company is also under investigation by the Federal Trade Commission and said last September that it had agreed to a $ 465 million settlement with the U.S. Justice Department over how the drug was classified for government buyers . The Justice Department has not confirmed the settlement .
Mylan Chief Executive Officer Heather Bresch has said that the company makes only about $ 100 per EpiPen pack , and that most consumers pay less than $ 50 for a two-pack .
The plaintiffs in Monday 's lawsuit said Bresch falsely tried to paint Mylan as a `` victim '' of a flawed healthcare system and avoid its own responsibility in setting rebates .
The case is Rainey et al v. Mylan Specialty LP , U.S. District Court , Western District of Washington , No . 17-cv-05244 .
( Reporting by Brendan Pierson in New York ; Editing by Dan Grebler )
PORTLAND , Ore. ( KOIN ) — A woman says United Airlines is to blame for the death of their dog Jacob .
Kathleen Considine just moved from Michigan to Bend , Oregon . They were flying with Jacob from Detroit to Portland on United Airlines , with a layover in Chicago , in a crate under the plane .
The flight from Chicago to Portland was too full , however , to fit Jacob on , and the airline sent the dog to a kennel overnight , for approximately 20 hours .
When Jacob finally arrived in Portland , Considine says the dog was disoriented and non-responsive .
They rushed them to a veterinarian who said their stomach had flipped due to the stress of the journey and they had suffocated on their organs .
Considine says the dog underwent a mandatory physical less than 24 hours before their flight and was cleared for travel . Jacob weighed 80 pounds .
In a statement , United Airlines said they are not responsible for the dog 's death and that they showed no signs of distress .
Considine took to Facebook to share them story .
OAKLAND , Calif. — Tampa Bay right-hander Nathan Eovaldi has not allowed a hit through six innings against Oakland in their first start since having a second Tommy John surgery .
Eovaldi has four strikeouts and 70 pitches . The only hitter to reach so far is Matt Chapman , who drew a one-out walk in the first inning .
Rays centre fielder Johnny Field made a diving catch on a sinking liner from Mark Canha in the third . Right fielder Carlos Gomez made a similar play to take a potential hit away from Chad Pinder in the sixth .
Eovaldi last pitched in the majors on Aug. 10 , 2016 , for the Yankees . Nine days later , they underwent a second elbow surgery . Eovaldi also had Tommy John surgery in 2007 when they were a junior in high school .
Goldman Sachs raises $ 7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $ 7 billion for its new private equity fund , near the top of its targeted goal , according to two people familiar with the matter .
April 3 Audentes Therapeutics Inc
* Audentes Therapeutics announces FDA clearance of investigational new drug application for AT132 to treat x-linked myotubular myopathy
* Audentes Therapeutics Inc - preliminary data from Aspiro is expected to be available in Q4 of 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
A Thai provincial governor says all 12 boys and their coach have been found alive in the cave
In this July 3 , 2018 , image taken from video provided by the Royal Thai Navy Facebook Page , a Thai boy smiles as Thai Navy SEAL medic help injured children inside a cave in Mae Sai , northern Thailand . ( Royal Thai Navy Facebook Page via AP )
Their skinny faces illuminated by a flashlight , the Thai soccer teammates stranded more than a week in a partly flooded cave said they were healthy on a video released Wednesday , as heavy rains forecast for later this week could complicate plans to safely extract them .
The 12 boys and their coach are seen sitting with Thai navy SEALs in the dark cave . The boys , many wrapped in foil warming blankets , take turns introducing themselves , folding their hands together in a traditional greeting and saying their names and that they are healthy .
The video lasting about a minute was recorded sometime Tuesday and was posted on the navy SEAL Facebook page Wednesday morning . The navy later released two more videos of the boys .
The boys , aged 11-16 , and their 25-year-old coach disappeared after they went exploring in the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in northern Chiang Rai province after a soccer game June 23 . The teammates , who were trapped inside when heavy rains flooded the cave , were found by rescue divers late Monday night during a desperate search that drew assistance from experts around the globe .
Authorities said the boys , who had also been shown Tuesday in a video shot by the British diver who discovered them , were being looked after by seven members of the Thai navy SEALs , including medics , who were staying with them inside the cave . They were mostly in stable condition and have received high-protein drinks .
In all of the videos the boys have appeared in good spirits . In the most recent videos a navy SEAL is shown treating minor cuts on the feet and legs of the boys with antibiotic ointment . Several of the boys are seen smiling as they interact with the navy SEAL , who cracks jokes .
Seeing the boys has boosted the mood of relatives , and officials are working to install an internet cable to the cave so that parents can talk to their children .
Related : Thai boys and coach found alive in cave where they went missing
Related : Thai prime minister to families of missing boys : Have faith
Kian Kamluang , whose 16-year-old son Pornchai is inside , said they had thought it was a 50 per cent chance that their son would be found .
“ It 's like they have been given a new life , ” they said , adding that she 'll never let their son go into a cave or near water again .
SEAL commander Rear Adm. Arpakorn Yookongkaew said Tuesday that there was no rush to bring the group out of the cave , since they 're safe where they are . The current flooding situation means the boys would have to dive , which rescue experts have said could be extremely dangerous .
While efforts to pump out floodwaters are continuing , some Thai officials have indicated that heavy rains forecast for this weekend could force them to decide the boys should swim and dive out using the same complicated route of narrow passageways through which their rescuers entered .
Chiang Rai provincial Gov . Narongsak Osatanakorn said Wednesday that the boys have been practicing wearing diving masks and breathing , but they do n't believe they have attempted any practice dives .
They said it is unknown when an extraction could be attempted , but it is unlikely to be Wednesday .
“ If it 's risky or not safe , we will not proceed yet , ” Narongsak said . “ It has to be 100 per cent safe . ”
Authorities said they were still exploring other options , such as scouring the mountainside for other ways into the cave and finding faster ways to pump water from the cave .
Cave rescue experts have said it could be safest to simply supply the boys where they are for now , and wait for the water to go down . That could take months , however , given that Thailand 's rainy season typically lasts through October .
The British Cave Rescue Council , which has members taking part in the operation , said in a statement that “ although water levels have dropped , the diving conditions remain difficult and any attempt to dive the boys and their coach out will not be taken lightly because there are significant technical challenges and risks considering . ”
Gary Mitchell , the group 's assistant vice chairperson , said getting out of the cave requires about a kilometre ( half a mile ) of diving total , though not all in one stretch , and takes about three hours .
“ There 's air pockets along the way , ” they said . “ It 's confined spaces . It 's almost zero visibility . There are currents to battle against in places as well . So it 's a really quite a strenuous environment to be in , ” they said .
Tassanee Vejpongsa , The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
( Repeats story published on April 27 with no changes )
* Egyptian pound has halved in value since floating
* Higher import costs pushing firms to source locally
* Companies also expanding manufacturing in Egypt to export
By Asma Alsharif
CAIRO , April 27 In green fields near Egypt 's Mediterranean coast , PepsiCo is harvesting its first crop of potatoes produced from local seeds to make a leading brand of chips .
Like other big manufacturers in Egypt , the global food and beverage giant is sourcing more of its raw materials locally to keep a lid on costs and limit price rises as consumers struggle with food inflation running at above 40 percent .
PepsiCo 's Chipsy brand accounts for about 55 percent of the local potato chip market and requires 360,000 tonnes of potatoes a year , previously grown exclusively from imported seeds .
The cost of imports has soared in Egypt since the country abandoned its currency peg of 8.8 pounds to the U.S. dollar in November , imposed restrictions on imports and increased tariffs on more than 300 products to curb a gaping trade deficit .
`` Localising raw materials is extremely important at this time . We can not depend on a dollar-based cost structure with an Egyptian pound revenue streamline , '' PepsiCo 's North East Africa General Manager Ahmed El Sheikh told a recent conference .
PepsiCo started developing seeds locally in 2013 and the 2017 potato crop is the first to be use them . It used to import 12-15,000 tonnes of seeds a year for its Chipsy production .
The company still had to import about 40 percent of the seeds it needed for the 2017 crop but hopes to cut the proportion of imports to 30 percent next year .
Egypt has long relied on imports , with even local producers sourcing most components and raw materials abroad . The resulting trade deficit , coupled with the flight of tourists and investors following the 2011 uprising , has left the economy perpetually short of dollars , putting pressure on the Egyptian pound .
It has halved in value since floating last year and inflation has hit consumers purchasing power , making it difficult for companies to pass more costs onto the public . Instead , manufacturers , including several major listed companies , are looking to replace imports with local supplies .
LOCAL PACKAGING
U.S. candy and pet food conglomerate Mars Inc , which produces chocolate bars such as Galaxy , Mars , Twix , Bounty and other popular brands , has been increasing its base of local packaging suppliers in Egypt over the past three years .
Seventy percent of its packaging is now sourced within the country and it plans to make that 100 percent by 2018 .
Delays in clearing imports as a result of the new rules has also been a problem for major manufacturers , adding to costs and creating bottlenecks , encouraging firms to cut back on imports .
`` We continue to face an issue with the clearance process in Egypt , '' Mars General Manager for North Africa and Levant Ahmed Seddik told Reuters .
Juhayna Food Industries , Egypt 's largest dairy and juice producer , is among other listed companies to pursue a similar strategy .
Juhayna used to make its mango juices using 50 percent imported fruit . Since the currency flotation it has switched exclusively to Egyptian mangoes , Chief Executive Seif Thabet told a recent industry event .
The trend is not limited to food . Anglo-Dutch food and personal goods giant Unilever is seeking local packaging suppliers for its soaps and detergent powders .
`` Everyone is squeezed on dollars so you start looking at your import list to knock off some dollar imports , '' said Ashraf Bakry , Managing Director of Unilever in Egypt , whose firm imports 40 percent of their packaging material but aims to source it all from Egypt within three years .
EXPORT ADVANTAGE
The flip side of the currency depreciation for multinationals , however , is that locally-made products have become far more competitive abroad and a number are capitalising by expanding their manufacturing presence in Egypt
PepsiCo , for example , is now looking at exporting its Egyptian-grown potato seeds to other PepsiCo companies in the region .
`` Right now with the new cost structure , the labour cost , is considered to be low so you will have much bigger opportunities to be competitive in terms of pricing versus other relative PepsiCo entities across the region so we see this as an opportunity , '' PepsiCo 's Sheikh said .
Mars will invest 750 million pounds ( $ 42 million ) over the next 18 months with the aim of increasing its exports to 80 percent of production from 50 percent to 60 percent now , Seddik said .
Unilever is also in expansion mode . It plans to double its asset base with the aim of turning Egypt into a regional export hub . It expects its export volume to double this year .
`` Egypt makes absolute sense because there is very low skilled labour cost and very low utilities cost as well very attractive logistics cost because the location is close to many markets , '' Unilever 's Bakry said .
`` This decision has been in discussion for a long period but now that the devaluation happened things are moving very quickly ... It unlocked the decision-making process . '' ( $ 1 = 18.0500 Egyptian pounds ) ( Editing by Lin Noueihed and David Clarke )
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG , June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League ( CSL ) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career .
Chelsea Lauren/WireImage via Getty Images
Hayley Williams has already owned the hair-dye world with their goodDYEyoung line and now she 's out to conquer the temporary hair-dye world . The Paramore frontwoman is launching a new wear-and-wash temporary hair dye line that will be ready before Halloween . `` Poser Paste '' is described as `` an obnoxiously beautiful styling paste in the brightest , boldest color '' created with beauty expert , Brian O'Conner . The line will include orange , blue , pink and yellow colors .
`` I feel like hair is a very emotional thing , '' Williams told InStyle . `` Changing your hair is like a good reset—whether that 's a new color , haircut , or style . It was important to give people the option of just trying it out , having a good time , and changing up their look more often ... in the past , Brian and I have dyed my hair a billion different colors within a short period of time . This is so nice because I can go home , wash it right out , and be ready for a totally different color tomorrow . '' Poser Paste is available for pre-order online for $ 17.99 per tub and officially launches Oct. 16 . Take a look at what the orange looks like on Williams ' blonde in their Instagram post below :
Most people that have COOL JOBS will brag about them every chance they get . But the woman in today 's second date update says they will NEVER reveal their profession , because she 's worried it would be the only reason men would want to go out with her… In fact , we can guarantee when our listeners hear what they do , we 'll be flooded with texts wanting to hook up… We 'll tell you what they do in the Second Date update !
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity , endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON , June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects .
A Halton Regional Police Service command post has been set up and its canine and tactical units brought out in an effort to find a missing Hamilton man with medical concerns last seen in Burlington this afternoon ( Monday ) .
The command post — with the HRPS ' Search Incident Response Team ( SIRT ) on scene — has been set up at Paul A. Fisher Public School on Cavendish Drive near Upper Middle Road and Brant Street .
Earlier this evening officers went door-to-door canvassing the townhouse complex on Upper Middle Road near St. Mark Catholic School and are searching nearby wooded areas and parks for 64-year-old James King .
They were last seen at about 3:15 p.m. and has a number of medical issues that require them to take regular medication .
Related Content Missing Hamilton senior with medical concerns last seen in Burlington
He 's believed to be on foot and may have lost their way as they are visiting from out of town .
Despite the loss of light , officers are expected to continue their search into the night .
King is described as a white male with thinning white hair and is bald on top . He 's 5-foot-6 with a very slim build . They were last seen wearing a big black winter coat with fur lining the hood .
There are concerned for their well-being and police are asking anyone who believes they have seen this man or with any information , to contact the Halton Police Communications Bureau as soon as possible at ( 905 ) 825-4747 ext . 5155 .
with files by Graham Paine/Metroland
TOPEKA , Kan. ( AP ) — A Kansas Senate committee has advanced a budget-balancing proposal from Democrats to raise $ 1.2 billion over two years by increasing income taxes .
The Assessment and Taxation Committee on Tuesday forwarded a bill to the Senate that contains the plan . But the Republican-controlled panel specifically did not endorse the measure in its voice vote .
Majority Leader and Overland Park Republican Jim Denning said the Senate would debate tax issues Thursday .
The bill ends an income tax exemption for more than 330,000 farmers and business owners and restores a third tax bracket eliminated in 2012 . It sets the top rate at 6.45 percent instead of the current 4.6 percent .
The committee refused to advance a plan from Republican Gov . Sam Brownback to boost cigarette and liquor taxes and business filing fees .
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
Abuja – Team Nigeria athletes for the XXI Commonwealth Games in Gold Coast , Australia are expected to depart for the games on March 24 , an official of the Federal Ministry of Sports , Yemi Usikaye , said on Monday .
Usikaye , the Deputy Director , Para-Sports and coaching department in the ministry , told the News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN ) that 56 athletes and 22 coaches would depart from Abuja ahead of the games .
“ This first batch of athletes and coaches will come from Athletics , Basketball , Boxing , Gymnastics , Para Athletics , Para Power lifting , Para Table Tennis , Table Tennis and Weightlifting .
“ The second batch which will consist of athletes and coaches from Wrestling and Athletics Federations will leave on April 2 , '' the official said .
NAN report that an advance team of officials from the ministry departed Nigeria on March 18 to attend the Delegates ' Registration Meeting due to hold on March 22 .
NAN also reports that athletes competing in the Games would round-off their training and proceed to Brisbane on March 24 .
The athletics federation would depart with 25 home-based athletes and five coaches .
The Games Village will officially open on March 25 while team officials are allowed to check their athletes ' rooms five days before the commencement of the event .
The 2018 Commonwealth Games will hold from April 4 to April 15 . ( NAN )
A 13-year-old Mississippi girl was allegedly killed by their 9-year-old brother Saturday in a dispute over a video game controller , PEOPLE confirms .
The girl was allegedly shot in the back of the head with a .25 caliber handgun after they would not give their brother a video game controller they wanted , Monroe County Sheriff Cecil Cantrell tells PEOPLE .
The victim was taken to Le Bonheur 's Children 's Hospital and died Sunday evening from their injuries .
“ This is a very difficult , very unusual case , ” Cantrell says of the incident . “ Just a tragic situation . ”
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage ? Click here to get breaking crime news , ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter .
No charges have been filed yet as Monroe authorities continue to investigate the killing , says Cantrell , who adds that their office is working with prosecutors .
“ This is all new ground for us , we 've never dealt with a kid shooting a kid at age 9 , ” Cantrell told the Clarion Ledger . “ We do n't know yet what kind of charges or if charges will be pressed . We want to make sure we 're doing everything correctly . ”
• For more compelling True Crime coverage , follow our Crime magazine on Flipboard
Cantrell says the children began arguing while their mother was in the kitchen cooking . When the 13-year-old did not give their little brother a controller , the boy allegedly went into a bedroom nightstand and pulled out the gun — allegedly owned by the mother 's live-in boyfriend .
The bullet went through the victim 's brain , Cantrell says .
Cantrell tells PEOPLE they were the first to arrive on the scene and spoke with the boy , who they said was in “ complete shock . ”
What do you think the Spirit of Christmas is ?
Look around you . There is the business spirit of make it or break it . If the business does n't make money and profit in the Christmas season , they wo n't make it the rest of the year . The pressure is on .
VOL . 41 | NO . 15 | Friday , April 14 , 2017
NEW BRUNSWICK , N.J. ( AP ) — A New Jersey woman has sued Wells Fargo Bank , saying they were fired for refusing to participate in a scheme to manipulate accounts and sell products that were n't in customers ' best interest .
Melinda Bini filed a lawsuit in state court in New Jersey on April 5 against the bank and three supervisors from the branch they worked at in Highland Park , NJ.com reported ( http : //bit.ly/2oOOyLJ ) .
In the lawsuit , Bini accused their superiors of running or knowing about the scheme and says they were retaliated against and later fired for refusing to participate . Bini , a former assistant vice president and regional private banker , is seeking their job back and damages .
Wells Fargo paid $ 185 million in fines to federal and local authorities after it acknowledged that its employees opened as many as 2 million checking and credit card accounts without customers ' authorization .
Kevin Friedlander , a spokesperson for the bank , said the company does n't tolerate retaliation against employees who express their concerns .
`` Our non-retaliation policy makes clear that no team member may be retaliated against for providing information about suspected unethical or illegal activities or possible violations of any Wells Fargo policies , '' Friedlander said .
Friedlander said the supervisors are still employed , but they are n't able to comment further on the allegations because it was an ongoing legal matter .
___
This story has been corrected to show that Wells Fargo acknowledged that employees opened as many as 2 million checking and credit card accounts , not more than 2 million .
KANSAS CITY , Kan. ( AP ) — Two maintenance workers at a Kansas water park where a boy was decapitated have been indicted in the case .
The indictments unsealed Wednesday charge David Hughes and John Zalsman with obstruction of justice . Both men pleaded not guilty Wednesday in Wyandotte County Court .
Hughes was maintenance supervisor at the Schlitterbahn water park in Kansas City , Kansas , and Zalsman was on the maintenance staff .
Ten-year-old Caleb Schwab was killed while riding the 17-story Verruckt waterslide in August 2016 .
The indictment involves whether a brake mat meant to slow the rafts on the Verruckt was repaired after it fell off days before Caleb was killed .
The men allegedly told Kansas Bureau of Investigation agents the brake mat never existed but the indictment says a video showed it had been on the ride .
April 28 The sale of bonds and notes next week by U.S. states , cities , schools and other issuers will total $ 7.5 billion , including a chunk of debt out of Wisconsin , according to Thomson Reuters estimates on Friday . The Regents of the University of California will sell the week 's biggest issue - $ 1.134 billion of taxable and tax-exempt AA-rated general revenue bonds . Lead underwriter Jefferies has planned a retail presale period for Wednesday ahead of formal pricing on Thursday .
Wisconsin has a $ 403 million general fund annual appropriation refunding bond issue pricing through Wells Fargo Securities on Tuesday . The taxable bonds will carry serial maturities in 2018 through 2033 , according to the preliminary official statement .
In a separate issue also slated to price Tuesday through J.P. Morgan , Wisconsin will sell $ 285 million of transportation revenue bonds . The debt has serial maturities from 2020 through 2037 .
Milwaukee , the state 's biggest city , has scheduled three competitive debt sales for Thursday - $ 132.2 million of general obligation promissory notes , $ 120 million of revenue anticipation notes and $ 18.2 million of taxable GO promissory notes .
U.S. municipal bond fund flows were positive for a third-straight week with net inflows of $ 144.5 million for the week ended April 26 , according to Lipper , a unit of Thomson Reuters . That was down from $ 290.2 million in the previous week . ( Reporting By Karen Pierog ; Editing by Bernard Orr )
SHANGHAI/BEIJING , March 30 Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd ( ICBC ) , the world 's largest lender , on Thursday said its net profit fell 0.64 pct in the fourth quarter of 2016 as margins shrank , above analyst estimates .
Profit reached 55.02 billion yuan ( $ 7.99 billion ) in the three months ended December , from 55.4 billion yuan in the same period a year prior .
This was above an average estimate of 51.0 billion yuan from analysts polled by Thomson Reuters .
For the whole of 2016 , net profit rose to 278.25 billion yuan from 277.1 billion yuan a year earlier .
ICBC 's non-performing loan ratio stayed flat at 1.62 percent as at end-December . ( $ 1 = 6.8890 Chinese yuan renminbi ) ( Reporting by Engen Tham and Matthew Miller in Beijing ; Editing by Himani Sarkar )
Never in the history of March Madness has a # 16 seeded team beat a # 1 seeded team . Little Caesars was betting on this staying true , however UMBC had other plans . Guess what that means ! ? FREE PIZZA !
READ ABOUT IT
The satellite beamed back pictures of an enormous solar storm in summer 2000 , and allowed scientists to essentially live-stream `` weather '' in space . The sphere around the Earth proved to be a much stranger place than had been thought . IMAGE discovered that the Earth spits out jets of its own atmosphere to defend itself from space storms — like a squid shooting ink — the Dallas Morning News wrote in 2002 . It discovered cracks in the Earth 's magnetic field , tracked down the source of mysterious radiation , and imaged 100,000-volt charged particles whipping around the circumference of the globe .
And in the last month of 2005 — on the same day the U.S. president addressed the nation from the Oval Office , promising an end to a still-young Iraq War — IMAGE stopped sending pictures . The satellite had suddenly gone invisible itself .
The scientists tried to figure out why . A tripped breaker in the radio was their best guess . But without a radio , they could n't tell it to turn itself back on .
After a month of silence from IMAGE , NASA published a news release that declared the satellite 's mission a great success — one that was now over .
`` The craft 's power supply subsystems failed , '' the agency wrote , `` rendering it lifeless . ''
NASA was wrong . IMAGE was not dead , but it would circle Earth for more than a decade before a man with no professional astronomy training — one who did not always accept the official explanation of events — heard its call .
Contact
The 21st century moved into its second decade , and space exploration changed . New machines were sent into orbit , and some of them , like IMAGE , were lost too .
In the first month of 2018 , an unknown government agency used a private company to launch a secret satellite , code-named `` Zuma . '' It was nothing like IMAGE ; it was a machine intended to be invisible to most of the world .
And it failed immediately .
No one has said publicly what , exactly , went wrong during the Jan. 7 launch , whether Zuma crashed back into an ocean or simply died in space . Its fate and purpose have become a mystery of the new Space Age — and all of this bothered Scott Tilley very much .
Tilley is a 47-year-old electrical engineer who lives on the west coast of Canada . Their hobby is radio astronomy . In a sense , it 's also their cause .
`` Space is not owned by anybody , '' Tilley told The Washington Post . `` Anybody should be able to look up and know those little dots moving across the night sky are not bombs . ''
Secret military satellites and classified orbits bother him , so they have banded together with a small group of fellow amateurs across the world to to track down every satellite whose operators do n't want it to be seen .
Maybe Zuma was in pieces at the bottom of an ocean , Tilley thought . But maybe not . So they began to scan . They used no telescope , listening instead for radio signals out there , in the invisible ocean .
When Tilley caught a signal after a week of searching , on Jan. 20 , they almost ignored it . Whatever it was , it was orbiting much higher than Zuma was supposed to be . There are hundreds of active satellites in space , most of which did n't interest him . `` I did n't think of it much more , '' they wrote on their blog .
But as they continued to scan for Zuma , they came across the signal again — stronger this time — and out of curiosity checked it against a standard catalogue .
The signal matched for IMAGE . But IMAGE was supposed to be dead .
Tilley had to Google the old satellite to find out what it was , as it had been all but forgotten on Earth . Eventually , they came across a decade-old NASA report on the mission 's failure .
`` Once I read through the failure report and all the geeky language the engineers use , I immediately understood what had happened , '' Tilley told Canadian Broadcasting Corp. News .
Then they rushed to contact NASA himself .
Answers
That old news release announcing the death of IMAGE had not actually been the end of its story on Earth . A week later , in early 2006 , NASA quietly convened a board of experts to pore over the satellite 's entire data set and figure out what went wrong .
They worked for months . When their final report was released , the board still figured IMAGE had tripped a power breaker and essentially bricked itself , like a bad iPhone .
But they had come up with a theory for how the satellite might be fixed . Or rather how it might fix itself .
IMAGE was solar-powered , and designed so that if its battery ever drained enough , it would try to reset its computer and flip the breaker back . The board thought this was most likely to happen in late 2007 , when IMAGE 's orbit would put it in the Earth 's shadow from the sun — from the satellite 's point of view , a deep eclipse .
But the theory did n't pan out . When NASA tried to the contact IMAGE after the eclipse , it remained as silent as ever , so the agency closed down the mission for good .
And then , a decade later , Tilley found the machine chirping away .
After their discovery , another independent astronomer , Cees Bassa , looked for IMAGE 's signal in years of old data . They hypothesized that while the 2007 eclipse did n't manage to reset the satellite , another one did the trick , probably some time between 2014 and 2016 .
`` Most likely the battery efficiency degraded such over the IMAGE lifetime that during the less deep eclipses the battery drained sufficiently to lead to the reset and bring the transmitter aboard IMAGE back to life , '' Bassa wrote .
NASA has n't confirmed that . In fact , the agency was initially skeptical that the signal Tilley found actually came from IMAGE .
After Tilley contacted NASA last week , scientists trained antennas at the Goddard Space Flight Center on the object . Initial tests showed its orbit , frequency , oscillation and spin rate all matched their old , lost satellite .
Even so , NASA was cautious in its public updates , writing Sunday that it still wanted to analyze the signal 's encoded data before it could be sure .
Meanwhile , astronomers amateur and professional were getting excited . `` The team is collectively holding their breath , '' Patricia Reiff , an investigator on the original mission , told Science Magazine .
On their blog , Tilley quoted from an email sent to them by James Burch , the lead investigator on the IMAGE mission , who wrote so many years ago of a machine to map an invisible sea .
`` Very excited , '' Burch wrote to Tilley .
Confirmation finally came Tuesday . It came couched in the technical jargon of space science , and was no less momentous for it .
`` On the afternoon of Jan. 30 , the Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Lab in Laurel , Maryland , successfully collected telemetry data from the satellite , '' NASA wrote . `` The signal showed that the spacecraft ID was 166 — the ID for IMAGE .
`` The NASA team has been able to read some basic housekeeping data from the spacecraft , suggesting that at least the main control system is operational . ''
Translation : There is hope that IMAGE will one day send more pictures of the '' ocean '' where it 's been adrift for more than 12 years .
`` I really hope the scientists who built this thing and put it in space are able to repurpose this and put it back into action , '' Tilley told CBC . `` And we get the benefit of all the beautiful science , coming home . ''
They were named nowhere in NASA 's news release , except as an anonymous `` amateur astronomer . ''
But that 's fine . They found the thing , when the professionals might have left it lost forever .
The Washington Post
After taking a great deal of heat for social media posts from North Korea , which they defended on the grounds that they were worried for their safety and that of their family , New York Times columnist Nicholas Kristof published a full-length account of their experience entitled “ Inside North Korea , and Feeling the Drums of War . ”
Kristof writes more darkly of the North Korean government than they did on social media , but the key line comes a bit less than halfway through the story , where they say , “ A basic problem is that hard-liners seem ascendant in both Washington and Pyongyang . ”
advertisement
An even more basic problem is that too many Western journalists have trouble distinguishing between “ hard-liners ” in the West taking a tough attitude toward rogue regimes , and “ hard-liners ” in a place like North Korea or Iran .
Kristof is a bit of a hard-liner himself , at least in terms of moral equivalence and defeatism :
In Washington , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is advocating a diplomatic resolution to conflict with North Korea—but Trump undercut them on Twitter last Sunday and said Tillerson was “ wasting their time. ” Trump 's policy toward North Korea is founded on false assumptions that the Supreme Leader , Kim Jong-un , will give up their nuclear weapons , that China can save the day and that military options are real . In Pyongyang , North Korea 's capital , which is full of wide streets and monumental buildings , officials also express little interest in the kind of tough compromises that would be necessary to resolve the crisis . “ The situation on the Korean Peninsula is on the eve of the breakout of nuclear war , ” Choe , the Foreign Ministry official , told me . “ We can survive ” such a war , they added , and they and other officials said that it was not the right time for talks with the U.S . The North Koreans insist that the U.S. make the first move and drop its sanctions and “ hostile attitude ” —which wo n't happen . And the U.S. is equally unrealistic in insisting that North Korea give up its entire nuclear program .
The category error Kristof makes is that North Korea was never interested in making any “ tough compromises. ” That was a delusion of the Clinton administration and its awful Secretary of State , Madeleine Albright . Kristof thinks North Korea is harsher , colder , and more repressive than ever , which may be true of how it treats foreign journalists and errant citizens , but it is not really any different in its attitude toward the outside world and its lust for nuclear weapons than it was in the Nineties .
We always hear a lot of talk about “ moderates ” battling “ hard-liners ” for control of rogue regimes , but eventually , the people who advocated endless concessions and appeasement wake up one day and discover the regime was hard-line in its soul all along . Kristof gives President Trump and their team a lot of grief for treating negotiations as a waste of time , but their entire column validates that conclusion .
Then they insist that North Korea has been undergoing “ some positive changes ” of late :
The famine is over ( although malnutrition still leaves one in four children stunted ) , the economy has developed and government officials are far more open and savvy than a generation ago . Officials used to deny that there was ever any crime in North Korea—but now they freely concede that this country has thieves , that young women sometimes become pregnant before marriage , that inevitably there 's a measure of corruption . ( They do deny that North Korea has any gay people . ) North Korea is no longer hermetically sealed , and South Korean pop music and soap operas are smuggled in on flash drives and DVDs from China ( watching them is a serious criminal offense ) . There is also an intranet—a rigidly controlled domestic version of the internet—and students learn English from about the third grade .
Only one in four children is stunted from malnutrition , in a country that receives huge amounts of humanitarian aid , including from the United States and South Korea ? Yay ! What an achievement !
Also , if consuming smuggled South Korean entertainment is still a “ serious criminal offense , ” then North Korea is still pretty darn “ hermetically sealed. ” Kristof notes that North Koreans they met , both adults and children , were unaware of outside culture , basically ignorant of everything from Facebook to generations-old cultural icons like the Beatles . Instead , they are saturated in government propaganda ; they literally have “ Big Brother ” speakers in their homes to pipe the Kim regime 's poison into their heads , a more primitive version of the video screens in 1984 . The state personality cult is so pervasive that Kristof mentions people dying every year in attempts to rescue portraits of dictator Kim Jong-un , their father , and their grandfather from house fires .
One of Kristof 's suggestions is to “ support organizations that smuggle information on USB drives into North Korea , ” because it “ would be cheap and might contribute to change in the long term. ” There is nothing wrong with trying that , but the bulk of their travel journal provides grim testimony to why it probably will not work . Authoritarian regimes have grown highly adept at suppressing the spread of viral freedom messages .
It is a nice daydream to think a flood of information might someday wash away the Kim regime by showing North Koreans what the rest of the world is like , but that 's exactly the kind of “ kicking the can down the road ” we do n't have time for anymore , because as the people Nicholas Kristof does n't like have accurately pointed out , we 're out of road .
An important element of North Korean propaganda is that they have defeated the United States before and can do it again . Kristof states that every single North Korean they and their fellow journalists interviewed was absolutely certain of victory and the destruction of America if the confrontation escalates to war . Public exhibits pertaining to the Korean war depict American troops as subhuman monsters who killed and raped for sport .
After describing an inhuman system that has comprehensively ruined several generations and turned an entire nation psychotic , Kristof unloads the moral equivalence again , saying , “ My sense is that both sides are fearful of appearing weak and are trying to intimidate the other with military bluster , but that each would prefer a peaceful resolution—yet does n't know how to get there politically . So how do we get out of this mess ? ”
Here 's another idea : Maybe one side is entirely correct to be worried about a regime of sheer inhuman evil , presiding over a captive population of mind-controlled robots , getting its hands on nuclear missiles with intercontinental range .
Kristof thinks the “ best hope that is realistic ” might be a “ freeze for a freeze , ” which would see “ North Korea halting its nuclear and missile tests in exchange for a reduction in sanctions and in U.S.-South Korean military exercises—as an interim step , preserving the long-term goal of denuclearization . ”
That is China 's big idea , except they do n't even pretend North Korea would halt its nuclear or missile programs—they claim America and South Korea are responsible for elevated tensions on the peninsula , and they want those exercises halted as a sop to merely bring Pyongyang back to the bargaining table . Experience teaches us North Korea will gobble up every concession and appeasement tossed their way , declare victory , and push the rest of the way through to nuclear missile technology . People lecturing President Trump on how to handle North Korea have a habit of slipping into amnesia and thinking it 's 1994 again .
Kristof ends by musing on the possibility of an uneasy “ long-term mutual deterrence , ” which they say would be “ risky , not least because we have an American president and a North Korean leader who both seem impetuous , overconfident and temperamentally inclined to escalate any dispute—and the American mainland increasingly will be in the crosshairs of North Korean nuclear warheads . ”
That is the point of all this : we can not allow the American mainland to be in North Korea 's crosshairs . The temperament of the American president is not the issue . None of them last more than eight years by definition , but North Korea 's hideous dictatorship goes on , each new twisted scion seemingly worse than the last .
There is no way to predict what a monster like Kim Jong-un will do once they can credibly threaten American cities with nuclear missiles . Their brainwashed country is convinced it can defeat the U.S. in any confrontation , and as Kristof points out , there is a real danger Kim and their inner circle believe their own propaganda . Allowing them to “ win ” the confrontation that has actually been in progress since the late Obama presidency will only embolden them further , and embolden the other wicked regimes watching this all plays out .
Slipping South Korean pop music across the border and hoping someone better takes over after morbid obesity catches up with Kim Jong-un is a Hail Mary pass , not a strategy . Adjusting the attitude of the North Korean regime is the urgent task at hand . Giving them a “ hard-line ” opponent for the first time in Kim Jong-un 's life might be the only way to do it . Nowhere in Kristof 's travel journal is there a shred of evidence that any “ moderate ” faction in North Korea is waiting to respond to any other approach .
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website . If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Chengdu Taihe Health Technology Group Inc Ltd :
* SAYS VICE CHAIRMAN HU YUANYANG RESIGNS BUT REMAINS AS PRESIDENT Source text in Chinese : bit.ly/2BOowen Further company coverage : ( Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom )
A jury has finally been seated , a singular opening statement made , and the first witness has testified in the Christopher Strawn homicide trial .
After nearly four days of prospective juror interviews , a jury of seven women and seven men was seated Thursday . Two jurors will serve as alternates .
After their previous trial ended in a mistrial last February , Strawn is being retried in the October 2015 death of Brandon Cook at the Kodzoff Acres Trailer Park .
Both sides had an opportunity to make an opening statement after the jury was sworn in .
Assistant District Attorney Amy Paige described how Cook was killed at a mobile home purchased by friend Tiffany Albertson , now known as Tiffany Johnson .
According to Paige , Johnson , Cook and Strawn were working on renovating the trailer 's interior when Strawn shot Cook from behind with a shotgun .
Paige also described how Strawn left the trailer and Johnson hid in the back until officers arrived .
“ You will hear testimony that we never found the firearm that killed Mr. Cook , and we may never find that shotgun , ” Paige said . “ But we know who took their life , and that person is Christopher Strawn . ”
Strawn , who 's representing himself , did not make an opening statement .
The first witness took the stand Thursday . Erika Johnson , a dispatcher with Juneau Police and Capital City Fire/Rescue , told how they handled a 911 call about the shooting while simultaneously dispatching officers to the scene .
For more than 20 minutes , Erika Johnson tried to keep Tiffany Johnson calm while quietly extracting information useful for the officers .
Paige also played the entire 911 call for jurors .
After Erika Johnson 's initial testimony , Strawn had their own opportunity to cross-examine them But they had a stumble .
“ It seems I may have lost my notes for Mrs. Johnson , ” Strawn said . So , I guess I 'll just ask you a few questions , um . ”
They later found their notes . But then became confused during a routine trial procedure .
“ Do you yourself have any training with , uh , weapons ? ” Strawn asked . “ No , ” Johnson answered . “ Ever been around a weapon ? ” Strawn asked . “ Objection , relevance , ” Paige said . “ Sustained , ” said Superior Court Judge Philip Pallenberg . “ Have you ever been around a weapon ? ” Strawn asked again . “ I just sustained an objection to that , Mr. Strawn , ” Pallenberg said . “ Sustained it ? I thought overruled , ” Strawn said . “ I did . Overruled would allow the question. ” Pallenberg said . “ Overruled would allow the question , ” Strawn said . “ Thank you , your honor . ”
When Strawn was arrested in October 2015 , they were a day laborer with no professional legal background .
During this trial , they can consult with professional attorney Nicholas Polasky who is serving as stand-by counsel .
Friday will likely be a short trial day because of court scheduling issues .
The trial may run longer then the planned three weeks because of delays in jury selection .
To make up time , Superior Court Judge Philip Pallenberg is considering holding trial on Wednesday , Alaska Day , a state holiday when the Dimond Courthouse is normally closed .
KUALA LUMPUR ( Reuters ) - Malaysia has barred controversial Bollywood film “ Padmaavat ” from being screened in theatres , the home ministry said on Friday , citing the movie 's negative portrayal of a Muslim ruler .
The film has already attracted protests in India , after groups critical of the project accused its director , Sanjay Leela Bhansali , of distorting history by portraying the Muslim ruler as the “ lover ” of Queen Padmavati of the Hindu Rajput warrior clan .
Last month , India 's top court allowed the film to be screened nationwide , despite moves to ban it in two states .
But in Muslim-majority Malaysia , authorities have instead rejected the portrayal of Sultan Alauddin Khilji and banned the film .
“ He is portrayed as a Sultan who is arrogant , cruel , inhumane , devious with all kinds of trickery , unreliable and who does not fully practice Islamic teachings , ” the ministry said in a statement .
Malaysia 's Film Censorship Board ruled that the movie was “ not approved for screening ” , while an appeal lodged by the film 's distributors was rejected on Tuesday , the ministry said .
Bollywood films are popular in Malaysia , where ethnic Indians make up seven percent of the country 's 32 million people .
Malaysia has previously blocked the release of Hollywood movies deemed religiously insensitive , such as 1998 's “ The Prince of Egypt ” , which depicted the Biblical story of Moses , and 1995 's “ Babe ” , which featured a pig as the main character . Muslims consider pigs unclean .
Last May , the release of Walt Disney 's “ Beauty and the Beast ” was held up over a “ gay moment ” in the film .
Join us for an evening with NPR special correspondent and host Melissa Block .
NPR special correspondent and host Melissa Block shares stories from their reporting travels around the country and the world . From a fishing boat in Sitka to an Olympic ski slope in South Korea , Melissa brings listeners intimate insights into people 's lives . Join us for a behind-the-scenes talk about the craft and joy of radio storytelling , followed by a Q & A session .
Tickets available online only .
This event generously sponsored by LifeMed Alaska and Bartlett Regional Hospital .
Hugo Roy struck twice for the Phoenix ( 21-21-10 ) with Kevin Gilbert and Marek Zachar adding the others . Reilly Pickard made 28 saves .
-- -
SAGUENEENS 4 DRAKKAR 1
CHICOUTIMI , Que . — Samuel Houde had a pair of goals and Alexis Shank turned aside 29 shots to lift the Sagueneens over Baie-Comeau .
Gabriel Villeneuve and Zachary Lavigne also scored for Chicoutimi ( 21-24-4 ) .
Nathan Legare replied for the Drakkar ( 22-25-4 ) and Justin Blanchette stopped 23 shots .
-- -
OCEANIC 3 REMPARTS 2
QUEBEC CITY — Samuel Dove-McFalls scored the winner in the second period and Carmine-Anthony Pagliarulo made 34 saves as Rimouski held off the Remparts .
Anthony Gagnon and Charle-Edouard D'Astous also had goals for the Oceanic ( 31-13-6 ) .
Gregor MacLeod and Pascal Laberge found the back of the net for Quebec ( 27-20-5 ) . Antoine Samuel turned aside 14 shots .
-- -
MOOSEHEADS 3 TITAN 1
HALIFAX — Filip Zadina had a pair of goals and Blade Mann-Dixon kicked out 25 shots to lift the Mooseheads past Acadie-Bathurst .
Maxime Fortier added an empty-netter for Halifax ( 33-12-6 ) .
Jeffrey Truchon-Viel replied on the power play for the Titan ( 29-14-8 ) and Evan Fitzpatrick made 26 saves .
-- -
OLYMPIQUES 5 FOREURS 0
VAL-D'OR , Que . — Tristan Berube stopped all 26 shots they faced and Darien Kielb had a goal and two assists as Gatineau shut out the Foreurs .
Jeffrey Durocher , Shawn Boudrias , Charles-Antoine Roy and Gabriel Bilodeau rounded out the attack for the Olympiques ( 25-20-4 ) .
Jonathan Lemieux kicked out 45 shots for Val-d'Or ( 18-28-4 ) .
-- -
TIGRES 4 ARMADA 3 ( SO )
BOISBRIAND , Que . — Ivan Kosorenkov scored twice and Vitalii Abramov had the shootout winner to lift Victoriaville over the Armada .
Felix Lauzon had the other goal for the Tigres ( 27-18-6 ) and Tristan Cote-Cazenave made 30 saves .
Samuel Bolduc , Antoine Crete-Belzile and Alexandre Alain found the back of the net for Blainville-Boisbriand ( 36-9-5 ) . Emile Samson turned aside 24 shots .
-- -
— This roundup was generated automatically with a CP-developed application .
By The Canadian Press
MEDICINE PARK A new business in Medicine Park will open your eyes to a new way of cooking with olive oil .
The Medicine Creek Olive Oil Company opened this month after more than six months of preparation and anticipation in the cobblestone community . Located at the summit of East Lake Drive , just before descending into downtown Medicine Park , the custom-designed building is hard to miss on the north side of the road . Inside , co-owner Kim Dyer has amassed the largest selection of olive oils and balsamics in Southwest Oklahoma .
`` We have 47 different types of oil and balsamics , '' Dyer said . `` These are certified pure , extra virgin olive oils . They are super , super good for you and have been known to help fight cancer . ''
A selection of 47 different oils can be overwhelming for someone who does n't know their or their way around the kitchen , and whose only concept of cooking oil is a choice between vegetable , canola or peanut . That 's why Dyer has taken a hands-on approach to their store . People are n't just expected to come in , look around and pick out a bottle that looks good . No , Dyer wants customers to look around , read up on the oils and even taste them . Yes , they want people to pour a little oil out into a plastic cup , warm it up and down it like a shot of alcohol to get an idea of how it will taste .
`` This is n't just going to the grocery store and picking a random bottle , '' Dyer said . `` We are more than happy to help anyone who comes in . We want to help educate you . We want you to come in and pour a cup and taste as many as you would like until you find one that suits what you 're planning to cook . ''
Martin McGuinness has said there is an overwhelming desire in the Northern Ireland community for Arlene Foster to step aside amid a growing political crisis over a green energy scheme scandal .
In a New Year 's Day message , the Deputy First Minister said the First Minister and their Democratic Unionist Party needed to accept widespread demand for a thorough investigation into the Renewable Heat Incentive ( RHI ) scheme .
“ There is also no doubt that we are facing a serious growing political crisis in the North as public confidence in the political institutions has been grievously undermined by the RHI debacle and the DUP 's failure to deal responsibly and adequately with it , ” they said .
“ In order to address these challenges , the DUP and its leader Arlene Foster need to accept there is an overwhelming desire in the community to deal with this issue and for Arlene Foster to step aside as First Minister pending a preliminary report . ”
The Sinn Fein chief said Mrs Foster 's stepping aside would allow for an investigation led by an independent judicial figure from outside Northern Ireland and appointed by the Attorney General .
“ A rigorous process to recoup as much of the money as possible must also be put in place , ” they added .
“ We need to restore public confidence in the credibility of the political institutions , ensuring they deliver for the people . ”
Mr McGuinness 's repeated demand for their power-sharing partner in the Executive to step aside follows the publication of a letter Mrs Foster sent to bankers about the RHI when they were economy minister in January 2013 .
In it , they said payments made under the scheme would be “ guaranteed ” .
They also told the region 's leading banks that the state-funded eco-subsidies , set up by them as economy minister , offered applicants a “ good return on investment ” .
The revelations have raised further concern over their claim that half of the estimated £490 million public money overspend could be clawed back .
The scheme offered businesses subsidies to run eco-friendly boilers , but the tariffs were set too high and , unlike the same scheme in Britain , there was no cap .
This allowed applicants to “ burn to earn ” - getting free heat and making a profit as they did it .
Claims of widespread abuse include a farmer allegedly set to pocket around £1 million in the next two decades for heating an empty shed .
Stormont economy minister and fellow Democratic Unionist Simon Hamilton has defended their party leader in recent days after a wave of calls for them to step aside .
They accused opposition MLAs attacking Mrs Foster of offering nothing more than “ party political attacks and resignation calls ” .
“ On the one hand they call for a process to establish the facts but they have already decided what the outcome should be , ” they said .
MAKING A MOVE Here 's How You Move A House When You Do n't Have A Truck Around
These villagers are practicing `` Bayanihan , '' an ancient Filipino custom in which villagers help one another move , relocating the traditional structure and walking it somewhere else .
WASHINGTON — Five words are once again coming back to haunt President Donald Trump : “ Grab them by the p—- . ”
That 's what Trump told “ Access Hollywood ” host Billy Bush in 2005 that was picked up by a microphone , a recording that was n't unearthed until October 2016 , one month before the election .
Now , UltraViolet , a women 's advocacy organization , wants to make sure people do n't forget : The man making sexually aggressive remarks in the recording is now in the White House .
On Friday , the group played the recording — complete with video , audio and subtitles — on a nonstop loop on a giant 10-by-16-foot screen set up on the National Mall near the White House .
“ We really just want to remind the American people who Donald Trump is , and who they explicitly told us who they were in these videos : A self possessed , proud sexual predator , ” Emma Boorboor , a campaign director for UltraViolet , told CNN .
The group , which works to expand women 's rights and fight sexism , came up with the idea about a month ago , anticipating the one-year anniversary of the leaking of the recording on October 7 . They promoted it through Facebook alongside other organizations including Resist Here , Beyond the Bomb , Working Families Party , Generation Progress and CREDO Mobile .
Dozens showed up for the groups ' “ Rally to Grab Back ” Friday , holding signs that read “ Stop Rape Culture , Stop Trump ” and “ I Stand with Survivors. ” As the protestors rallied , they chanted slogans like “ When women are under attack , what do we do ? Stand up . Fight back ” while tourists passed them by .
“ The same systems of white supremacy and patriarchy that got a sexual predator elected to be the President of the United States , are the same systems leading the march toward war right now , ” Lillyanne Daigle , deputy director of Beyond the Bomb , said during the rally . “ He did n't see these women as autonomous people . They saw them as pussies they could grab with impunity . ”
When asked about how the appropriateness about Trump 's lewd comments being displayed at a public location — for all , including children to see — Boorboor said : “ These are n't our words . Sadly , they are the words of the President of the United States . They should have to explain their use of them . Not us . ”
Last year , then-candidate Trump apologized for the footage . In a 90-second video , they told voters that they are not a “ perfect person ” and that the words captured by a hot mic in 2005 “ do n't reflect who I am . ”
The White House did not immediately respond to CNN 's request for comment about the video footage being projected on the mall .
UltraViolet , which hired a security guard to monitor the site , will air the footage on the mall through 9 p.m . ET . As of Friday afternoon , the live stream on Facebook had garnered about 92,000 views .
“ The thing that was most jarring to me was that today , there were lots of groups of students coming to DC to learn about American history , ” Boorboor said . “ And just having this realization that this is our history now . ”
WARNING : This video contains very vulgar language .
Concealed weapon permit review finds mistakes in Florida
Photo : John Raoux , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - In this June 28 , 2018 , file photo , Agriculture Commissioner Adam Putnam , center , meets with members of the media after a Florida Republican gubernatorial primary debate at the Republican Sunshine Summit in Kissimmee , Fla. A 2012 internal investigation released to The Associated Press after a records request found that 48 Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services employees made mistakes while issuing concealed weapons permits and armed security guard or similar licenses . Putnam , a Republican candidate for governor , was criticized last month after acknowledging that the agency revoked 291 permits awarded in 2016 and 2017 and fired an employee last year . less FILE - In this June 28 , 2018 , file photo , Agriculture Commissioner Adam Putnam , center , meets with members of the media after a Florida Republican gubernatorial primary debate at the Republican Sunshine Summit ... more Photo : John Raoux , AP Concealed weapon permit review finds mistakes in Florida 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
TALLAHASSEE , Fla. ( AP ) — A 2012 internal investigation found that 48 Florida state employees made mistakes in issuing permits for concealed weapons , security guards and other similar licenses — in some cases not even looking at applications , according to records released this week to The Associated Press .
The laxity among Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services employees was addressed at the time , including with at least one firing and new `` checks and balances , '' officials said .
But the records add to revelations of lapses in concealed carry permitting in 2016-17 that have drawn criticism for department Commissioner Adam Putnam as they run for governor in the wake of February 's Parkland school shooting , which brought gun safety to the forefront of the political agenda .
A campaign spokesperson for Putnam , a Republican who strongly supports gun rights , said the problems uncovered in 2012 started under a previous administration .
`` Adam Putnam has proactively led efforts to hold government employees accountable and took action to address this issue which began before they were elected , '' campaign spokesperson Meredith Beatrice said .
Brad Herold , campaign manager for Putnam 's Republican challenger , U.S. Rep. Ron DeSantis , said the latest revelations are `` another example of what happens when you put career politicians in executive positions . Adam Putnam has clearly been spending too much time running for their next elected office and not enough time doing their job . ''
Putnam was criticized last month after acknowledging that the agency was forced to revoke 291 permits awarded in 2016 and 2017 and that it fired an employee last year , after it was found that they had failed to complete required federal background checks .
The records released this week show that the department 's inspector general began an investigation in August 2012 after it learned an employee issued an armed security guard license to a felon . The employee 's supervisor said there had been past problems with the employee issuing licenses to felons and counselling occurred beginning in 2008 , but no formal disciplinary action was taken . Putnam took office in January 2011 .
The employee resigned during the investigation , which found they had issued 35 licenses without looking at the applications or reviewing arrest reports . At that point , the inspector general decided to review the work of all employees who processed license applications and renewals .
Computer records from July 2010 to July 2012 were reviewed to see if employees opened license applications . Investigators could also tell if only the first page of applications was reviewed while subsequent pages were ignored .
Of the 47 other employees who failed to follow proper review procedures , the error rate varied widely , from an employee who reviewed 2,219 applications and failed in one case to look at the second page of a security officer license renewal , to a woman fired after it was learned they approved 3,625 licenses without a full review , including 99 concealed weapons permit applications that were never viewed . Them error rate was nearly 13 percent of the 28,275 licenses processed .
Several employees blamed the errors on computer glitches , while other said phone calls and other distractions might have caused them to make mistakes .
The inspector general made several recommendations since implemented by the department , including random checks of approved licenses , improved employee training and weekly reports reviewed by supervisors to ensure employees are complying with licensing procedures .
`` What these IG reports show is that we learned of a problem , evaluated it thoroughly , took action to hold employees accountable and implemented checks and balances , '' Inspector General Ron Russo said in a statement issued by the department .
Still , Democrats running for governor said they were disturbed to hear another example of mistakes made on gun permits under Putnam 's watch . Putnam has previously been a target of gun safety advocates for calling themselves a `` proud ... sellout '' to the National Rifle Association and for pushing to make it easier to get concealed weapons permits .
`` It 's incredible Adam Putnam did n't catch the gross negligence occurring in their own department earlier . What 's even more incredible is that after they learned their department was issuing armed security guard and concealed weapon permits to felons , Putnam spent years working to weaken our state 's gun laws even more , '' former U.S. Rep. Gwen Graham . `` It 's disgraceful to see NRA sell-out Adam Putnam even running for governor . Negligence under their watch made our state less safe . ''
The campaign for Tallahassee Mayor Andrew Gillum said they are `` alarmed at the steady drumbeat of revelations '' coming from Putnam 's office .
`` It 's incredibly brazen to run on your record of passing out concealed carry permits when in fact you were putting Floridians at risk , '' Gillum spokesperson Geoff Burgan said .
May 3 Smart & Final Stores Inc :
* Smart & Final Stores Inc reports first quarter 2017 financial results
* Q1 adjusted loss per share $ 0.02
* Q1 loss per share $ 0.06
* Q1 sales $ 967 million versus I/B/E/S view $ 956.4 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $ 0.03 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Qtrly comparable store sales decrease of 2.5 %
* Smart & Final Stores Inc- as of March 26 , 2017 , company 's debt , net of debt issuance costs , was $ 685.4 million and cash and cash equivalents were $ 50.4 million
* Smart & Final Stores Inc- company is maintaining previously issued guidance for full year ending December 31 , 2017
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $ 0.50 , revenue view $ 4.62 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
April 13 Exprivia SpA :
* Said on Wednesday unit Exprivia Healthcare IT won the tender of Regione Puglia
* Tender relates to the the management of healthcare Information system Edotto
* The contract has been awarded to the group of companies led by Exprivia Healthcare for a total amount of 19.5 million euros ( $ 20.76 million )
* Of the contract , 12.7 million euros are of company 's relevance
* The duration of the contract will be 36 months , renewable for a further 24 months
Source text : bit.ly/2o9nJOi
Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9393 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON , June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week 's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon , they said on Wednesday .
THE SUPREME COURT ( SC ) has ruled that the local government unit ( LGU ) “ just share ” of the national government 's tax revenue should factor in Customs collections .
The Court , sitting en banc , issued the ruling in favor of a petition filed six years ago by former Batangas governor Hermilando I. Mandanas , at the time a member of the House of Representatives for the province 's second district , which claimed that Internal Revenue Allotments ( IRA ) , through which the national government funds LGUs , was short by about P500 billion from 1992 to 2012 .
Voting 10-3 on Tuesday , the high court “ interpreted the basis for the ‘ just share ' of local government units… as being based on all national taxes and not only national internal revenue taxes , ” according to a statement released by the SC Public Information on Wednesday .
Section 284 of Republic Act No . 7160 , or the Local Government Code of 1991 , states : “ Local government units shall have a share in the national internal revenue taxes , ” which are the taxes collected by the Bureau of Internal Revenue ( BIR ) , according to the National Internal Revenue Code ( NIRC ) of 1997 .
These include income tax , value-added tax , excise tax , and other taxes collected by the BIR .
National taxes were also ruled to include the remaining taxes collected by the government like those brought in by the Bureau of Customs ( BoC ) , the LGUs ' share of which Mr. Mandanas alleged was not being forwarded .
LGUs , based on the Local Government Code , are entitled to 40 % of national internal revenue taxes , but Mr. Mandanas claimed it should include taxes not collected by the BIR .
Mr. Mandanas was asked for comment but their office did not respond to calls .
Those who voted in favor of the decision were Acting Chief Justice Antonio T. Carpio , Associate Justices Teresita L. De Castro , Presbitero J. Velasco , Diosdado M. Peralta , Lucas P. Bersamin , Mariano C. Del Castillo , Estella M. Perlas-Bernabe , Noel G. Tijam , Samuel R. Martires , and Alexander G. Gesmundo .
Meanwhile , those who dissented were Associate Justices Mario Victor F. Leonen , Benjamin S. Caguioa , and Andres B. Reyes , Jr . Associate Justice Francis H. Jardeleza did not take part in the voting . — Dane Angelo M. Enerio
SAN DIEGO — For most of the game , it seemed like it was Jock Landale all by themselves against the entire San Diego Toreros team .
The big Australian senior had 34 points and tied their season high with 18 rebounds — they had a double-double by halftime — and the No . 13 Saint Mary 's Gaels held off USD 65-62 on Saturday night to extend their school-record winning streak to 18 .
One of Landale 's biggest shots of the night came when they powered into the key for a layup with one minute left to help keep the rallying Toreros just at arm 's length .
`` There are very few of those guys that you can actually just keep going to in the post , they 're not going to double , they 're going to make them beat them , '' Saint Mary 's coach Randy Bennett said . `` He can do it . ''
The Gaels ( 23-2 , 12-0 West Coast Conference ) have the nation 's second-longest winning string . No . 3 Purdue won its 19th straight on Saturday , 78-76 in overtime at Rutgers .
`` I do n't care about 18 straight but it 's a great win , '' Bennett said . `` When league started , we were like , 'This is going to be a tough one to get done down in San Diego because they 're good . Lamont 's doing a great job . ''
USD coach Lamont Smith was impressed with the 6-foot-11 Landale .
`` We thought if we could let Landale get 100 and lock up the rest of the guys we may give ourselves a chance , '' Smith joked . `` And he 's a load . He 's hard to guard . They did everything they could to keep their team in the game and then some , but our guys kept battling and battling . We 're not into moral victories , but our guys , if they 're going to battle like that I 'll sleep well at night . ''
The Gaels led 36-24 at halftime and continued to lead by double digits until the Toreros slowly closed the gap late in the game .
Tyler Williams hit three 3-pointers and Isaiah Wright hit two 3s down the stretch for USD ( 15-9 , 6-6 ) .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
PRESS DIGEST-Canada - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
MOVE OVER , 'MAN 'S BEST FRIEND ' Cat Cuddles Up With Them Owner Whenever They Start Fake Crying
On the one hand , it 's emotionally manipulative to make your cat think you 're sad . On the other hand , this is cute as heck .
Jennifer Garner is a proud momma hen .
After announcing a week ago that they were welcoming seven baby chicks , and that they would take name suggestions for one of them , the actor , 46 , returned to social media on Wednesday to declare a winner .
“ The votes are in and the answer overwhelmingly clear at this house— please meet our new friend , # Hennifer , ” they wrote , along with the hashtags # firsttweet and # smallestchick .
The post also included an adorable video of the baby chicken standing on a welcome sign reading : “ Hi ! I 'm Hennifer , nice to meet you . ”
The Alias star , who 's been trying their hand at farming , first shared their baby chicks with the world last week , saying , “ We have seven new chicks 🐣 and I have naming rights on ONE of them . Taking all suggestions below ! ”
Garner co-founded the organic baby food line Once Upon a Farm and recently opened up at the Natural Products Expo West in Anaheim , Calif. , about how their childhood has influenced the way they feed their own kids today .
“ My mom made all of our food , ” Garner said . “ I would just be desperate for anything in a package . I was so envious of my friends and their Little Debbie oatmeal cakes and things like that . When we were hungry they would say , ‘ Go out to the garden , child , I bet those tomatoes are ready and grab yourself some sugar snap peas . ' [ Now ] , you know , you ca n't help it . That 's what I do with my kids . ”
The 45-year-old , who is a parent to daughters Violet , 12 , and Seraphina , 9 , and son Samuel , 6 , with their ex-husband Ben Affleck , has their own farm in Los Angeles where the family grows most of their food .
“ We have chickens but that 's very L.A. so do n't be too impressed , ” they said . “ We grow tons of fruits and vegetables because here in Los Angeles you can just grow anything . I ca n't get over it . I just keep planting things . ”
Garner revealed that they even have seven beehives and their children have bee suits they put on to check out the progress of each hive .
“ It 's super fun . It 's like a living science experiment , ” they said .
Once Upon a Farm ‘ s mission is to bring baby food that contains no preservatives , concentrates or processed purees to people of all households and incomes—something Garner is extremely passionate about .
May 3 Macy 's Inc
* Macy 's Inc- company , Tailored Brands announced their joint plan to wind down operations under Tuxedo rental license agreement
* Macy 's , Inc. and Tailored Brands to wind down partnership
* Macy 's Inc - Tuxedo shops at Macy 's will continue to take new reservations until June 1 , 2017 , with operations winding down by July 14 , 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
( Corrects last paragraph to say “ compete ” , not “ complete ” )
COLOMBO , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - German insurer Allianz SE on Friday entered into an agreement with Janashakthi Insurance Plc to acquire 100 percent of the latter 's subsidiary Janashakthi General Insurance Ltd for 16.4 billion rupees ( $ 106.4 million ) .
Shares in Janashakthi jumped 27.5 percent on Friday , and were up 72.7 percent for the week .
With this acquisition , Allianz Insurance Lanka , the local arm of Allianz , becomes one of the country 's largest general insurers with a market share of around 20 percent , a joint statement from the companies said .
Ceylinco Insurance and state-run Sri Lanka Insurance Corp ( SLIC ) have been leaders in the general insurance sector with market shares of 19.2 percent and 19.1 percent respectively as of 2016 , a government report showed .
Zakri Khir , a member of Allianz Asia 's executive board , said the deal has put the company in a very good position as the combined entity would take them very close to the top of the sector .
“ Now we can compete with the market leader , ” they told Reuters , adding that they are looking for strategic investments in Asia . ( $ 1 = 154.1000 Sri Lankan rupees ) ( Reporting by Shihar Aneez and Ranga Sirilal ; Editing by Sunil Nair and David Goodman )
NEW YORK — Guillermo del Toro 's Cold War-era fairytale `` The Shape of Water '' swam away with a leading seven nominations from the Golden Globes , while the HBO drama `` Big Little Lies '' led the television nominees with six nods .
The nominees for best picture drama are : `` Call Me By Your Name , '' `` Dunkirk , '' `` The Post , '' The Shape of Water '' and `` Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri . ''
The nominees for best picture comedy or musical are : `` The Disaster Artist , '' `` Get Out , '' `` Lady Bird , '' `` The Greatest Showman , '' and `` I , Tonya . ''
The Globes are the most prominent platform yet in Hollywood 's awards season to confront the post-Harvey Weinstein landscape . Among the supporting actor nominees is Christopher Plummer , who has replaced Kevin Spacey in Ridley Scott 's `` All the Money in the World . '' Scott , too , was nominated for best director .
CHICAGO ( AP ) — An Illinois law that went into effect Jan. 1 aims to take advantage of the trusted relationship between hairstylists and their clients to prevent domestic violence .
Stylists , barbers , cosmetologists , estheticians , hair braiders and nail technicians in Illinois will receive an hour of mandated abuse-prevention training as part of the licensing process . The law does not require them to report any violence , and it shelters them from any liability .
Instead , the training provides beauty professionals with information about local help and resources they can share with clients . The Illinois measure appears to be the first of its kind in the country , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures .
Hairstylists are well situated to notice signs of abuse , said Vi Nelson , spokesperson for the industry group Cosmetologists Chicago .
Abusers “ tend to try to find places where it could be an accident or it 's not as visible , ” Nelson said . “ They may hit them in the back of the head , and there 's a bruise or a bump . The hairdresser is touching you and can see things that can not be visible to the casual observer . ”
Clients and stylists often develop yearslong relationships , said Karen Gordon , who owns J. Gordon Designs salon in Chicago .
“ We get very close with our clients , even so far to say we love our clients , ” they said . “ You know people through life 's ups and downs . When people come into a safe environment like a beauty salon , they tend to open up . ”
State Sen. Bill Cunningham supported the measure , in part , because their wife is a former hairstylist whose customers frequently shared incidents of domestic violence .
They “ had a difficult time dealing with these issues when they came up . They are n't sure what to tell their clients , ” said Cunningham , a Democrat .
That 's why the new law was written to connect victims with services , not to have beauty professionals act as therapists , they said .
“ The main goal is to get victims of domestic violence professional help if they want it , ” they said . “ It could be as simple as providing their client with a phone number . In maybe more extreme cases it could be putting their client in touch with a shelter . ”
The domestic violence prevention nonprofit Chicago Says No More said the mandate was needed because past training efforts never caught on . The group 's founder , Kristie Paskvan , said beauty professionals are an ideal source to provide help because they can be more objective than family and friends .
“ They 're listening and then they can say ‘ Hey , if you 're interested , here 's some information , ' ” Paskvan said .
State Rep. Fran Hurley of Chicago , who supported the legislation , said they know of one Chicago-area salon owner who puts business cards for a local anti-domestic violence group in their beauty shop 's bathroom .
“ You 'd be amazed at how many times they have to replace them , ” said Hurley , also a Democrat . “ She refills them all the time . ”
Cosmetologists Chicago helped write the measure so that it did not require beauty professionals to become involved or report violence unless they choose . Once that was clarified , Nelson said , the professional response was “ overwhelmingly positive . ”
The first training sessions will be offered in March at an industry trade show in Chicago .
Gordon has been in the beauty industry for 38 years and said they think they would have used the training if it were offered earlier in their career .
“ I wish I 'd had the tools , ” they said . “ I wish I 'd had the resources . ”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
PITTSBURGH — Jaylen Adams poured in a career-high 40 points , including a 3-pointer with five seconds remaining , to lift St. Bonaventure to an 84-81 victory over Duquesne on Saturday .
Adams connected on 14 of 22 shots from the floor , including a career-high eight 3-pointers on 13 attempts for the Bonnies ( 16-6 , 6-4 Atlantic 10 Conference ) . Adams added seven assists — two on 3-pointers — giving them a hand in 56 of the Bonnies ' 84 points . Matt Mobley added 19 points and Courtney Stockard chipped in with 10 points , six rebounds and five assists .
Tarin Smith scored 24 for the Dukes ( 15-9 , 6-5 ) and their only 3-pointer came with 42 seconds left to knot the score at 81 . Duquesne nearly went to overtime for a fourth straight home game . The Dukes beat La Salle in triple overtime , followed that with a double-OT win over George Mason , before falling in overtime to Richmond .
Rene Castro-Caneddy added 21 points for the Dukes , who have already topped last season 's overall win total ( 10 ) and A-10 wins ( three ) under first-year coach Keith Dambrot .
The DVD was found in a ditch and is from July 23 , 2005 where the couple were married in a hospital
Ponoka RCMP hope to reunite this couple with a DVD of a wedding that occurred July 23 , 2005 . This screen grab shows Kevin and Nancy who appear to be married in a hospital . Contact Ponoka RCMP if you know the people in the video . RCMP photo
Ponoka RCMP hope to reunite a couple with a DVD of their wedding .
The DVD of the wedding , which was shot in a hospital , was found May 29 in a ditch on Range Road 260 .
It appears to be of a couple with first names Kevin and Nancy who were married in a hospital . Police ask the public if they recognize the couple to call the detachment at 403-783-4472 to reunite the video with the owners .
The wedding date was July 23 , 2005 .
FILE PHOTO : Pump jacks are seen at the Lukoil owned Imilorskoye oil field outside the Siberian city of Kogalym , Russia , January 25 , 2016 . REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin/File Photo
The OPEC flag and the OPEC logo are seen before a news conference in Vienna , Austria , October 24 , 2016 . REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger
ABU DHABI Leading Gulf oil exporters Saudi Arabia and Kuwait gave a clear signal on Thursday that OPEC plans to extend into the second half of the year a deal with non-member producers to curb supplies of crude .
Consensus is growing among oil producers that a supply restraint pact that started in January should be prolonged after its initial six-month term , Saudi Energy Minister Khalid al-Falih said .
`` There is consensus building but it 's not done yet , '' Falih told reporters at a conference in the United Arab Emirates .
Kuwait 's oil minister Essam al-Marzouq said they expected the agreement to be extended .
`` Russia is on board preliminarily ... Compliance from Russia is very good , '' Marzouq said .
OPEC Secretary-General Mohammed Barkindo , noting that Marzouq chairs a committee that measures compliance with the cuts , said : `` It is significant that the Kuwaiti minister has come out in public and said this . ''
OPEC is keen that non-member producers play their promised part in supporting the group 's efforts to lift prices , which have recovered to $ 53 a barrel from lows last year below $ 30 .
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and non-OPEC meet on May 25 to discuss extending the curbs that total 1.8 million barrels daily , two-thirds of that from OPEC .
OPEC sources said an internal assessment was that if they failed to extend the agreement , oil could slide back to $ 30- $ 40 a barrel .
INVENTORIES STILL HIGH
Falih said their main concern was to reduce global oil inventories , calling that `` the main indicator for the success of the initiative '' .
While inventories held at sea and in producer countries have dropped , they remain stubbornly high in consumer regions , particularly in Asia and the United States .
The International Energy Agency said last week that inventories in industrialized countries were still 10 percent above the five-year average , a key gauge for OPEC .
OPEC seems to be encouraged by the contribution of non-OPEC producers to the output cuts .
Marzouq said there was a `` noticeable increase in compliance from non-OPEC '' . Joint compliance among OPEC and non-OPEC in March was above 90 percent , they said .
Russia has not yet publicly committed to prolonging its curbs , although Energy Minister Alexander Novak said this month that Moscow would start consultations with producing companies about the possibility of doing so .
Marzouq said another African nation , which they did not identify , had expressed interest in joining the 24-country effort .
One hold-out for an extended deal may be Iraq . Baghdad might seek to be exempt and ask to boost its own output , the leader of the nation 's Shi'ite ruling coalition , Ammar al-Hakim , told Reuters .
Speaking in Cairo , Hakim cautioned that Baghdad could ask to be exempted from taking part in the supply curbs as the OPEC member country needed its oil income to fight Islamic State .
`` Given these sensitive circumstances , it is the right of Iraq to hope for an exemption by the other OPEC member states and have an opportunity to increase its production , '' Hakim , an influential cleric , said in an interview late on Wednesday .
`` But we are with the principle of reducing the overall OPEC supply to lift prices . ''
Iran does not look likely to become an obstacle . The current deal granted Tehran permission to lift output , hit by Western sanctions that ended just over a year ago .
`` Iran is not an issue . We know they ca n't raise their production much more , '' an OPEC source said .
( Additional reporting by Stanley Carvalho in Abu Dhabi and Mahmoud Mourad in Cairo ; Editing by Dale Hudson and Richard Mably )
Bud Roach 's Capella Intima is at it again . Known for their historically informed musical forages off the beaten track , the Hamilton-based vocal quartet is staying true to its roots with a concert performance of a Baroque rarity , Alessandro Scarlatti 's opera `` Gli equivoci nel sembiante , '' as they help to kick off Hamilton Arts Week this Saturday , June 2 at 2:30 p.m. in The Cotton Factory .
The Palermo-born Scarlatti ( 1660-1725 ) was a prodigious composer with scads of motets , masses , cantatas , oratorios , serenatas , and operas to their credit . They also had four musical siblings , and their son , Domenico , became a renowned composer , too .
Written when Scarlatti was 18 , `` Gli equivoci '' was the first of their more than 60 operas , and served as their entrée into Rome 's opera scene . It quickly became a hot item , toured Italy under different titles , and remained popular throughout the composer 's lifetime . A modern edition published by Harvard University Press in 1982 rescued the opera from obscurity and has become the go-to score for the few stagings it has had ever since . With its cast of four singers , `` Gli equivoci , '' which Roach and company are titling `` Folly in Love , '' is a perfect fit for Capella Intima . Apart from some brief excerpts uploaded online , Roach says that the complete opera has thus far remained unrecorded , though that will change when Capella Intima commits it to disc in June , and unperformed in Canada .
`` I do n't understand why , '' said Roach to The Spectator from their Hamilton home . `` The arias are charming . The story is very cute . ''
Related Content Little known 17th-century comic opera brought to life in unique collaboration of three baroque groups
The pastoral opera is a comedy revolving around love and jealousy , innocent amorous intrigues , and mistaken identities . New Brunswick-based mezzo Vicki St. Pierre , deputizing for Capella Intima 's indisposed alto , Jennifer Enns Modolo , will sing the role of the nymph Clori , while that of their younger sister , Lisetta , will be sung by soprano Sheila Dietrich . Roach will take the tenor role of the shepherd Eurillo , Clori 's beau , and baritone David Roth will be heard as Armindo , who in the all's-well-that-ends-well ending , turns out to be Eurillo 's long-lost twin . An English translation , tweaked by former Mac prof Gabriele Erasmi , of the sung Italian will be projected on screens during the performance . Props will be limited to a love letter , a fishing rod , and , for the sleep scene , a recliner . Accompaniment will be provided by six instrumentalists , most of them from the Kitchener-Waterloo-based period instrument ensemble , the Nota Bene Baroque Players . There will be no conductor , though at rehearsals Roach is doubling as musical director .
`` It will be a collaborative effort , '' said Roach . `` I have no intention of being dictatorial . ''
Roach says that `` Folly in Love , '' which will also be performed in Kitchener and St. Catharines as a co-production between Capella Intima , the Nota Bene Baroque Players and the Gallery Players of Niagara , comes with a price tag of $ 35,000 . According to Roach , funding has come from the Ontario Arts Council , $ 6,500 alone from its classical recording program on top of a presenter/producer grant , $ 12,000 from the Canada Council , $ 10,000 from the City of Hamilton Enrichment Fund , plus monies from private patrons , and in kind donations .
`` This is first project that I have been involved in where everyone is going to be making the instrumental union rates for everything , '' said Roach . `` There wo n't be a deal , like , 'Here , take 50 copies of the finished CD for you to sell at your own concerts . ' None of that . Everyone 's just getting paid . I 've never had a situation like this before , and we had to work so hard to make it happen . ''
As for the CD , that will be recorded over six and a half sessions next week in Central Presbyterian with local producer Kirk Starkey at the controls . Roach is aiming for a fall release on the Cambridge , Mass.-based niche label , Musica Omnia .
`` I think it 's going to be a fast paced , fun presentation , '' said Roach confidently of the three act opera which contains 106 numbers , and a whopping 18 arias for Clori , none lasting longer than three minutes . `` Two and a half hours , or your money back . ''
COPENHAGEN , March 30 Denmark may relax its strict ban on foreigners buying holiday homes in a bid to boost demand in rural areas , Finance Minister Kristian Jensen told Reuters on Thursday .
Fearing an influx of buyers , the Nordic nation won the right to block foreign house purchases when it negotiated membership of the European Union in 1972 .
But with low demand and stagnant prices for holiday cottages since 2012 , and at a time when many Danes migrate to urban areas , opening up the market to foreigners could breathe life into rural economies , Jensen said .
In particular , exemptions from the current rules could be made for certain regions and for a limited time as an experiment .
`` We do n't want to change the general ban ... it can be possible to open for sales to foreigners in certain areas of the country , '' Jensen said .
`` But we will not do so if it threatens maintaining the general ban for foreigners to acquire a Danish holiday cottage everywhere , '' they added .
The EU-sceptic Danish People 's Party , which normally supports the minority government , said the proposal should be scrapped , arguing it could lead the Court of Justice of the European Union to lift the ban altogether .
`` The government runs a huge risk by doing this , '' People 's Party leader Kristian Thulesen Dahl told Reuters .
The price of Danish homes fell sharply in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis , and while large urban centres have seen a recovery in recent years this has not yet extended to the countryside . ( Editing by Terje Solsvik )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Legend has it that on a snowy winter day in the 1960s , Florence Rappaport of Rochester , NY , was looking for a way to entertain their two youngest ( of six ) children , who complained that it was too cold to go out and do anything fun . So they suggested that they have ice cream for breakfast ... and the tradition stuck . The children began to remind them of the day over subsequent years , and later held parties to introduce their friends to the tradition as adults .
Ice Cream for Breakfast Day then spread to other countries , largely due to Rappaport 's grandchildren , who travelled extensively and introduced the beloved holiday to those in the places they visited . Celebrations of varying sizes have been held in China , Nepal , Israel , Namibia , Germany , New Zealand and Honduras . Ice Cream For Breakfast Day-themed charity fundraisers have also been held in a number of U.S. cities .
The holiday is typically celebrated on the first Saturday in February , however celebrations have been known to occur throughout the month . Indeed , any weekend morning , particularly during the depths of winter , is a good morning to eat ice cream for breakfast . In the words of the official Ice Cream for Breakfast website :
`` If you do n't get to it on the first Saturday of February , have a bowl of ice cream the next day . Or a week later . Indulge in a solitary scoop , or have a party . Add toppings , serve tofutti , have a side of bagel : it does n't matter as long as you 're breaking your routine and having some fun . ''
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
LEXINGTON , Ky. — PJ Washington will return to Kentucky after withdrawing from the NBA draft , while teammates Wenyen Gabriel and Jarred Vanderbilt have decided to turn pro .
Washington , who participated in the NBA combine , posted a video on their social media accounts Wednesday that ended with the words `` I 'M BACK . '' The 6-foot-7 Dallas native will be the Wildcats ' top returning scorer and rebounder next season after averaging 10.8 points and 5.7 rebounds as a first-year student .
Vanderbilt and Gabriel later announced they would stay in the draft after receiving positive feedback .
Injuries limited the 6-9 Vanderbilt to just 14 games , but they averaged a team-high 7.9 rebounds with 5.9 points per game as a first-year student . They did not attend the combine but says in a release the input they received during the draft process confirmed `` that my time is now . ''
VOL . 41 | NO . 23 | Friday , June 09 , 2017
GM extends summer shutdown at 2 car plants as demand falls Print | Front Page | Email this story To :
From :
Message :
From ( email ) :
Message :
DETROIT ( AP ) — General Motors is extending the normal two-week summer shutdown for at least two U.S. car factories because of slumping sedan sales .
Union officials say the Lordstown , Ohio , plant near Cleveland and the Fairfax plant in Kansas City , Kansas , will close for as many as five weeks in June and July . The company confirmed that some car factories would be shut down longer than usual but would not give details . Lordstown makes the Chevrolet Cruze compact sedan , while Fairfax builds the Chevrolet Malibu midsize car .
The additional shutdowns come as all automakers struggle to deal with a shrinking U.S. market that is dramatically shifting away from cars toward trucks and SUVs of all sizes . Some are continuing to produce cars and selling them to rental car companies or offering big discounts to individual buyers while others are cutting production . Through May , U.S. car sales were down 11 percent while truck and SUV sales rose nearly 5 percent , according to Autodata Corp .
Also , overall demand for vehicles is slowing after seven years of growth . Total U.S. sales are down 2 percent through May and many analysts are predicting that full-year sales will slow to 17.2 million , compared with last year 's record of 17.5 million .
Robert Morales , president of a United Auto Workers union local at the Lordstown factory , says the plant will stop production for the last two weeks in June and another three weeks in July . `` It 's just to align with market demand , that 's all , '' they said Wednesday .
The Lordstown plant has about 3,000 hourly and salaried workers . Last year GM suspended the third shift at the plant indefinitely as demand dropped . The Fairfax plant has about 3,500 workers .
It was unclear whether other GM plants will see extended summer shutdowns , which normally happen over the July 4 holiday as factories switch to the next model year .
Spokesman Jim Cain would not comment on specifics of the shutdowns , They did say that GM full-size pickup truck factories also would have longer-than-normal summer shutdowns because they are switching over to an all new truck for the 2018 model year .
Normally workers get most of their pay through unemployment benefits and company subsidies . But that only lasts for about a year .
Cruze sales are up 36 percent this year due largely to sales to rental car companies and other `` fleet '' buyers . Sales to individual buyers are down 3 percent . Malibu sales are down 30 percent through May , including a 54 percent dip in fleet sales , according to Cain .
GM , they said , is cutting rental car sales even as car sales slump in order to protect profit margins and resale values of its used cars .
According to Ward 's Automotive , GM dealers have enough Cruzes to handle 87 days worth of sales , while they have 67 days worth of Malibus . Automakers consider a 60-day supply optimal to give customers adequate choices .
A A
The Storm went cold in the third quarter and saw their season end in a loser-out game in the 4A bi-district tournament .
“ Defensively , I thought we played very , very well , ” Skyview coach Jennifer Buscher said . “ Offensively , we just had a hard time finding the basket . ”
Rogers led 17-15 at halftime , but opened a 34-22 advantage after three quarters .
“ Sydney Friauf did an outstanding defensive effort against their Division I post who signed with Pepperdine , ” Buscher said of Rogers ' Jessi Westering . “ Sydney held them to nine points , which was one of the key point tonight . Unfortunately , we did n't do the other points . ”
Riley Friauf led Skyview with 12 points . Sydney Friauf and Hanna Van Nortwick added 10 each .
ROGERS-PUYALLUP 43 , SKYVIEW 34
SKYVIEW — Riley Friauf 12 , Sydney Friauf 10 , Hanna Van Nortwick 10 , Remington Riley 2 , Antohy 0 , Halie Renne 0 , Nicole Christensen 0 , Mariah Campbell 0 . Totals 10 ( 1 ) 13-19 43 .
ROGERS-PUYALLUP — Barrett 12 , Hamel 6 , Barnett , Coltom 10 , Whaley , Campbell 2 , Stallcop , Glasoe , Egan , Westering 9 , Wicker 4 , Catey . Totals 17 ( 2 ) 4-8 34 .
Skyview 6 9 7 12–34
Rogers 5 12 17 9–43
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital , as manager of fund , announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31 , 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Environment Minister George Heyman , Premier John Horgan and Energy Minister Michelle Mungall announce decision to proceed with construction of the Site C dam , B.C . legislature library , Dec. 11 , 2017 . ( Ragnar Haagen/Black Press )
B.C . Premier John Horgan has given the green light to completion of the Site C hydroelectric dam , after B.C . Hydro revised its cost estimate upward by more than $ 1 billion .
The B.C . NDP cabinet has struggled with the decision , with the project two years in and facing a cost of $ 4 billion to shut down construction of the third dam on the Peace River and put the site back the way it was .
After hearing from experts for weeks , the government faced an estimate that B.C . Hydro rates are already expected to rise 30 per cent over the next 10 years without the costs of B.C . Hydro .
If the dam is halted , rates would go up another 12 per cent by 2020 to pay the cost . That translates to an extra $ 198 per year for an average single-family house .
RELATED : How Christy Clark made Site C unstoppable
When it proceeds , government officials expect the additional rate increase would be 6.5 per cent when the dam goes into service in 2024 . B.C . Hydro would likely apply to the B.C . Utilities Commission to “ smooth ” that rate increase , raising it in smaller steps to pay for the dam .
Horgan blasted the previous B.C . Liberal government for “ megaproject mismanagement ” that left the NDP government with little choice .
“ It 's clear that Site C should never have been started , ” Horgan said . “ But to cancel it now would add billions to the province 's debt – putting at risk our ability to deliver housing , child care , schools and hospitals across B.C . And that 's a price we 're not willing to pay . ”
The risk reserve for Site C has been increased by $ 700 million to prepare for further costs increases .
more to come…
A security expert has reportedly expressed doubt over MSNBC host Joy Reid 's claims that newly-discovered homophobic posts on their old blog were actually written by “ hackers . ”
Cybersecurity expert Jeffrey Carr , who spoke to the Intercept , claimed they had “ never heard ” of a case where hackers were able to hack the Wayback Machine , and added , “ That 's an awful lot of work for a hacker to do , and for what end ? To make a homophobic person appear MORE homophobic ? ”
In the posts , Reid made several homophobic comments , including , “ most straight people cringe at the sight of two men kissing . ”
“ Most straight people had a hard time being convinced to watch ‘ Broke Back Mountain . ' ( I admit that I could n't go see the movie either , despite my sister 's ringing endorsement , because I did n't want to watch the two male characters having sex . ) Does that make me homophobic ? Probably , ” added Reid , while in others they referred to homosexuality as “ gross , ” expressed opposition to gay marriage , and accused dozens of celebrities of being gay .
After Mediaite reached out to Reid regarding their discovery of the homophobic blog posts , they blamed the posts on hackers who they alleged had hacked and modified the Wayback Machine — a website used to view old sites which have since been changed or deleted .
“ In December I learned that an unknown , external party accessed and manipulated material from my now-defunct blog , The Reid Report , to include offensive and hateful references that are fabricated and run counter to my personal beliefs and ideology , ” they claimed .
“ I began working with a cyber-security expert who first identified the unauthorized activity , and we notified federal law enforcement officials of the breach . The manipulated material seems to be part of an effort to taint my character with false information by distorting a blog that ended a decade ago , ” Reid declared . “ Now that the site has been compromised I can state unequivocally that it does not represent the original entries . I hope that whoever corrupted the site recognizes the pain they have caused , not just to me , but to my family and communities that I care deeply about : LGBTQ , immigrants , people of color and other marginalized groups . ”
Reid has previously apologized for making homophobic comments , and was subsequently defended by verified left-wing Twitter users , including fellow MSNBC employee Joan Walsh .
Standing in the dappled shade of a driveway hundreds of miles from Charlottesville , Va. , Mark Heyer spoke of the violence that claimed their daughter 's life — and , with voice occasionally quavering , called on people to answer hate with forgiveness .
`` My daughter was a strong woman that had passionate opinions about the equality of everyone — and they tried to stand up for that , '' the Sharpes , Fla. , resident told Florida Today in a videotaped interview . `` With her , it was n't lip service . It was real . ''
Just two days earlier , a driver rammed a car into a group of people protesting a white supremacist rally , killing Heyer 's daughter Heather , 32 , and wounding 19 other people . Federal authorities have opened a civil rights investigation into the attack , saying `` such actions arise from racial bigotry and hatred . ''
The man allegedly behind the wheel , James Alex Fields Jr. , had long harbored sympathies for Nazi ideas , according to a former teacher . Fields has been charged with one count of second-degree murder , three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit-and-run .
But the hatred espoused by white supremacists and others in Charlottesville this weekend must not be met with a response that 's `` twisted into something negative '' in its own right , Mark Heyer told the local newspaper .
`` People need to stop hating , and they need to forgive each other . And I include myself in that , in forgiving the guy that did this , '' they said . `` He does n't know any better . You know , I just think of what the Lord said on the cross . Lord forgive him , they do n't know what they 're doing . ''
In this respect , they said they aspire to follow their daughter 's example .
`` You know , my daughter 's life — she 's ... '' they paused , searching for words . `` I 'm proud of them for standing up . They had more courage than I did . They had more courage than I did . They had a stubborn backbone . They thought they were right . They would stand there and defy you .
`` But if I understand her , '' they added , `` she wanted to do it peacefully and with a fierceness of heart that comes with their conviction . ''
In interviews with multiple media outlets over the weekend , Heather 's mother , Susan Bro , also praised the way their daughter balanced peaceful efforts with a `` very strong sense of right and wrong . ''
`` It was important to them to speak up for people that they felt were not being heard , to speak up when injustices were happening , '' Bro said , `` and they saw in the lives of many of their African-American friends particularly and their gay friends that equal rights were not being given . ''
One day after the violent gathering that saw protesters and counterprotesters punching and kicking one another — and later saw Heather Heyer killed , along with two state troopers whose helicopter crashed — peaceful protests took shape in cities across the U.S . In Seattle and New York City , Atlanta and in Grand Rapids , Mich. , demonstrators sought to respond to the message promulgated in Charlottesville and , in the words of one protester , `` resist it fearlessly . ''
`` I hope that their life and what has transpired changes people 's hearts , '' Mark Heyer said . `` You can fight all you want and fuss and cuss and do all that stuff , but when you take your last breath , it 's over . It 's done !
`` You 're going to take away what a person has and everything else they 're going to have . There is no more — not here , you know , '' they added . `` And that 's — that 's pretty much all I got , brother . ''
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau makes a statement on the incident involving pedestrians being struck by a van in Toronto , in the Foyer of the House of Commons on Parliament Hill on Tuesday , April 24 , 2018 in Ottawa . THE CANADIAN PRESS/Justin Tang
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and their public safety minister are delivering messages of sorrow — but not panic — in the aftermath of a Toronto man 's deadly rampage through city streets in a van .
In an early morning statement , Trudeau said there is no apparent link to terrorism , adding that all Canadians are standing with Toronto as it continues to reel from the attack .
Related : 10 killed , 15 injured after van hits pedestrians in Toronto
“ The events that took place yesterday in Toronto were a senseless attack and a horrific tragedy , ” Trudeau said , extending condolences to the victims and thanks to the first responders on the scene .
“ They handled this extremely difficult situation with professionalism and bravery . They faced danger without a moment of hesitation , and there is no doubt that their courage saved lives and prevented further injuries . ”
Related : Officer 's actions ‘ one shining moment ' after Toronto van attack
But while Trudeau says the investigation into the incident is still underway , they say there is no evidence to suggest there is a “ national security element ” to the situation .
“ All Canadians are with Toronto today — in our hearts , in our prayers and in our thoughts . ”
Meanwhile , Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale , who happens to be in Toronto for a meeting with other G7 national security ministers , says the attack has led to “ a very large homicide investigation , ” with city police at the helm and every level of government taking part .
Goodale thanked other countries , especially the United States , for their condolences and offers of help . And he , too , commended the first responders .
Like Trudeau , they reiterated that the investigation “ what happened and why ” has only just begun , but sees no reason to draw any links to a national security risk or organized attack .
The @ TorontoPolice and first responders faced danger without hesitation today , and I want to thank them for their courage and professionalism . We 'll continue working with our law enforcement partners as the investigation continues . — Justin Trudeau ( @ JustinTrudeau ) April 24 , 2018
The attack began Monday afternoon when a man allegedly drove a van down a busy stretch of sidewalk on Yonge Street in the city 's north end .
Toronto police have arrested 25-year-old Alek Minassian in the incident .
Minassian is due to appear in court later today .
MEDIA ADVISORY :
Alek Minassian , 25
-He will appear in court Tuesday , April 24 , 2018
-10 am at 1000 Finch Avenue West court
-Information on charges to be released at that time
^dh — Toronto Police ( @ TorontoPolice ) April 24 , 2018
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
Yoann Arquin rescued Mansfield Town an unlikely point in a crazy 4-4 thriller against bogey side Accrington Stanley at the One Call Stadium tonight .
The sub bagged a 90th minute leveller just as Stags fans looked set for heartbreak at Valentine 's Night to spark wild scenes .
Twice the struggling visitors opened out two-goal leads , but Mansfield , despite never hitting their recent heights and showing some uncharacteristic poor defending , also displayed a never-say-die attitude in a thriller .
Stags ' other scorers were Rhys Bennett , Hayden White and a Shaq Coulthirst penalty .
There was little love lost on Valentine 's Night with 10 bookings , six for Stanley , whose spoiling tactics won them few friends but who looked menacing every time they went forward .
Alex MacDonald was given a full debut . The winger , who signed in last month 's transfer window , made a big impact in Saturday 's 4-0 win over Hartlepool United , scoring one and making one after coming on as a substitute .
Their inclusion in place of Alfie Potter was the only change as Stags aimed for a ninth League game unbeaten .
They had failed to beat struggling Stanley in their last 11 meetings with the last victory way back in 1961 before the club was reborn into its current guise .
Young midfielder Lewis Collins was added to the bench with James Baxendale missing out with illness .
The first threat came from the home side on four minutes as White sent the ball long from right back and Coulthirst controlled and made space before shooting low straight to keeper Rodak .
However , it was bogey side Stanley who snatched a shock lead after just five minutes .
McConville sent in a free kick from wide right and when no one was able to clear , the ball sat invitingly for Beckles to ram home from eight yards .
The referee had to calm tempers down soon after when McCartan appeared to go down in the box looking for a penalty .
On 12 minutes Whiteman met a far post free kick from the left by Byrom with a firm header that Rodak took above their head .
Stanley soon began to waste time when they could and on 18 minutes McCartan was booked for lobbing the ball goalwards after being caught offside .
Accrington wasted a great chance to double their advantage on 20 minutes .
McConville sent in a corner from the left , Kean failed to intercept and the ball was hooked over an inviting goal from six yards by Pearson .
MacDonald was booked on 27 minutes for bringing down McConville , McCartan wide of the far post with the free kick .
But Accrington were 2-0 up on 29 minutes . Collins allowed the ball to bounce in the box and McCartan showed good composure to turn and slot home a low finish inside the right post .
Mansfield 's reply was almost immediate as a Byrom corner from the right was headed goalwards by Pearce at the far post . It seemed to be blocked on the line , Bennett then apparently helping it over before it was cleared again with the referee deciding it had already crossed .
Byrom was added to the book for a late challenge on Conneely on 41 minutes .
At this stage Stags looked back in the contest but they were shaken by a spectacular goal by former Mansfield striker Kee a minute from the break .
There seemed little danger as ball down the right sailed towards Kee . But they used their physique to shrug off Bennett 20 yards out and then turned to send a magnificent dipping shot over Kean and under the far angle with the keeper clawing at thin air .
The thrills continued as Mansfield pulled another back in stoppage time . Byrom put in a superb free kick from the right and White was there at the far post to head over .
Even deeper into stoppage time a half-cleared Byron free kick reached MacDonald 20 yards out and the keeper pulled off a superb save to turn their shot round the post .
The battling Stags left the field to a tremendous ovation from their fans , despite the scoreline .
However , within five minutes of the restart the visitors should have netted again .
Beckles headed a corner goalwards , Kean let it go thinking it was wide and it came back off the post , Pearson heading the rebound over .
Bennett was booked for a foul on 51 minutes , then on 61 minutes Beckles was added for a bodycheck on Rose .
Mansfield were finally back level on 64 minutes from the spot . Conneelly stretched into a tackle on Pearce and caught him , the referee pointing to the spot and Coulthirst stepping up to coolly send the keeper the wrong way .
Incredibly , within two minutes Stanley were ahead again from a penalty of their own . Pearce 's block on Kee gave the kick away and Kee sent Kean the wrong way .
McCartan was inched over with a dipping 20-yard shot as this amazing game ebbed and flowed .
Matt Green was sent on for MacDonald on 71 minutes and two minutes later Hamilton sidefooted against the post from Coulthirst 's low cross .
On 78 minutes McConville 's free kick down the centre was pushed onto a post by Kean as Stanley went so close again .
As Arquin was sent on for Rose for the final push , Kee , now sporting a bandage from a cut head , became the night 's 9th booking for time-wasting .
Collins , soon after a warning , was deemed to have fouled McConville and out came card No.10 .
With Kean out of position near the end , Boco slotted wide of an empty net .
But Stags fans were sent wild in the final minute of the 90 as White helped a long ball on and sub Arquin dipped a 25 yard half-volley over the keeper into into the net .
There were seven added nervy minutes in the end but the score was a fair one in the end .
STAGS : Kean ; White , Bennett , Pearce , Benning ; Lee Collins ; Whiteman , Byrom ( Hamilton HT ) , MacDonald ( Green 71 ) ; Coulthirst , Rose ( Arquin 79mins ) . Subs not used : Shearer , Potter , Arquin , McGuire , Lewis Collins .
ACCRINGTON : Rodak , Pearson , Hughes , Beckles , Clark , Brown , McCartan ( Boco 72 ) , McConville ( Clare 90+5 ) , Conneely , Kee ( Edwards 82 ) , Donacien . Subs not used : Chapman , Davies , Husin , Rodgers .
REFEREE : Mark Heywood of West Yorkshire .
ATTENDANCE : 3,226 ( 58 away ) . CHAD STAGS MAN OF THE MATCH : Hayden White .
click to enlarge Tom Gogola
COURT BATTLE School board member Timothy Nonn is suing the district they were elected to serveover charges they are not meeting their needs as a disabled person .
A newly elected trustee at the Cotati-Rohnert Park Unified School District is suing the district in federal court this week over what they say is an ongoing violation of the federal Americans with Disabilities Act ( ADA ) .
Timothy Nonn was elected to the five-member district board in November , positioning themselves as a reform candidate opposed to a district-wide referendum , Measure C , the $ 80 million construction bond supported by other board members and superintendent Robert Haley . The bond measure passed in November and will be used for lead and asbestos remediation , and other classroom upgrades . Nonn , who is legally blind , says their issue with the district started after they were elected to the board and attended an orientation meeting and brought their own , unpaid aide to assist him . District Superintendent Haley , they say , denied them the use of this personal aide . Now Nonn says he 's `` in a big battle with the district 's lawyers , '' who , they say , are denying their right to reasonable accommodation of their disability under the ADA .
Nonn says they again tried to bring their aide to their first board meeting , on Dec. 15 , for their swearing in . But they say Haley would n't let the aide into the meeting , and that they received a `` threatening letter '' on Dec. 20 from the district that said it `` would enact legal action against me if I bring in an aide again . ''
Nonn says the ADA demands an `` interactive process '' between a disabled individual and their or their employer , but Haley argues that `` interactive '' is a two-way street and that the district was , and is , under no obligation to agree to an aide of Nonn 's choosing . Haley says the district has made several efforts to accommodate Nonn 's disability .
In response to the rejection of their aide , Nonn hired an ADA compliance attorney , who , they say , is being paid by the National Federation for the Blind , based in Baltimore . Nonn 's lawyer , Timothy Elder , filed suit against the school district in the Fourth District court this week .
Nonn 's legal contention is , `` Yes , I have the right to pick an aide under the ADA . '' The district 's response is , `` No , you do n't . '' The legal issue may turn on whether Nonn is an employee of the district—he 's an elected official who receives a stipend for their service to the board .
The Civil Rights Division of the Department of Justice offered guidance in 2011 to address the so-called effective communication rule , which was enacted to make sure a person with a vision , hearing or speech disability is provided with reasonable accommodation : `` For people who are blind , have vision loss , or are deaf-blind , this includes providing a qualified reader ; information in large print , Braille , or electronically for use with a computer screen-reading program ; or an audio recording of printed information . A 'qualified ' reader means someone who is able to read effectively , accurately , and impartially , using any necessary specialized vocabulary . ''
Haley says the issue for them and the school board is all about process , as they acknowledge that Nonn has been a longstanding critic of his . In an interview , Nonn criticized Haley 's time as superintendent in St. Helena and Sebastopol , but Haley insists there 's nothing personal about the decision to nix Nonn 's aide in favor of a process that would give the board input into the selection of the aide .
Compliance with the demands of the ADA , Haley stresses—whether it 's for students or faculty or administrators—is an interactive process . That means `` nobody can make unilateral demands '' and `` no unilateral demands have to be accepted '' by the board .
Instead of their own personal aide , Haley offered Nonn the use of a district secretary , an administrative assistant . Nonn says the offer was rescinded and that the district 's latest offer was to hire a dedicated aide for Nonn . They say that would be fine—if the district would actually hire the person .
In a recent letter to Rohnert Park 's Community Voice , Nonn 's chosen aide , Janet Lowery , wrote , `` I am highly qualified to assist people with disabilities , as I have had a career working with disabled adults and children in colleges and secondary schools . ''
The district 's view is that they tried to meet Nonn halfway in suggesting a district staffer for the aide 's role . `` So far they have rejected using her , '' Haley wrote in an email to the Bohemian . `` As a school district , we are very conscious about providing reasonable accommodations and continuing the process . I also want to make it clear that it is the board of trustees that makes decisions regarding conduct of trustees at meetings , not the superintendent . This is contrary to some statements Trustee Nonn has made . ''
Nonn charges that the issue of the aide works to Haley 's ultimate advantage ; three months after being elected , they still do n't have an aide . The superintendent , they say , has the ongoing support of three of five board members , whose refusal to accept their self-selected aide means Nonn is `` obstructed from functioning fully as a trustee . I am not being given equal access , and the effect is that I 'm not able to work fully as a trustee , and that works to [ Haley 's ] benefit .
`` I 'm working to reform the district , '' they add , and says their move to sue the district was not taken lightly , given that they ran in part because of what they call the district 's outsized legal bills .
Haley says their mandate as superintendent `` is to make sure we follow the process . '' He 's been on the radio lately in an effort to drum up new students for the district , in an open-enrollment period that goes through the end of the month .
The district , says Haley , has gone out of its way to assist Nonn with disability-appropriate technology . They bought a new computer with voice-recognition software designed to ease their way as a trustee . Nonn says they hope the suit will leverage a favorable outcome for him , whether it 's their own selected aide or one that 's hired by the district . He 's convinced that there 's politics at play , but Haley says the conflict is a question of a process that they insist has to be abided , regardless of whatever backdrop of politics is charged or implied .
`` It 's true that trustee Nonn has attended board meetings for years , '' Haley says , `` and he 's been critical of me as superintendent . That 's our system . It 's robust , and I have no problem with that . ''
Sonoma County is staying out of this one . Victoria Willard , ADA compliance officer with the county , had no comment . Nonn 's lawyer planned to file paperwork with the federal appeals court this week . In the meantime , they continue to serve without an aide .
( Adds details on Canada 's housing market and pricing of interest rate hikes and updates prices ) * Canadian dollar at C $ 1.3715 , or 72.91 U.S. cents * Loonie touches its weakest level since Feb. 2016 at C $ 1.3758 * Bond prices higher across a flatter yield curve * Two-year spread vs Treasuries hits widest since January 2016 By Fergal Smith TORONTO , May 2 The Canadian dollar slumped on Tuesday to a 14-month low against its U.S. counterpart as a drop in the price of oil , one of Canada 's major exports , added to recent pressure on the currency . Brent crude oil prices fell to their lowest level in over five months , erasing all of the gains since the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries agreed to cut production at the end of November , while U.S. crude oil futures settled 2.4 percent lower at $ 47.66 a barrel . `` This is a lay-up trade right now to sell Canada almost across the board , '' said Brad Schruder , director of corporate sales and structuring at BMO Capital Markets . An uncertain outlook for the North American Free Trade Agreement and mortgage market concerns are also headwinds for the loonie , while investors are awaiting a Federal Reserve interest rate decision on Wednesday . The Fed is expected to hold interest rates steady as it pauses to parse more economic data , but it may hint it is on track for an increase in June . In contrast , the funding crisis at mortgage lender Home Capital may spark a welcome cooling in Canada 's housing market and take pressure off the Bank of Canada to raise interest rates . Chances of an interest rate hike this year have evaporated , data from the overnight index swaps market shows . As recently as Friday , there was a one-in-four chance implied . At 4 p.m. EDT ( 1600 GMT ) , the Canadian dollar was trading at C $ 1.3715 to the greenback , or 72.91 U.S. cents , weaker than Monday 's close of C $ 1.3681 , or 73.09 U.S. cents , according to Reuters data . The currency 's strongest level of the session was C $ 1.3651 , while it touched its weakest level since February 2016 at C $ 1.3758 . Canadian government bond prices were higher across a flatter yield curve in sympathy with U.S. Treasuries as weak U.S. auto sales pointed to slowing economic growth . The two-year rose 7.5 Canadian cents to yield 0.682 percent , and the 10-year climbed 53 Canadian cents to yield 1.519 percent . The two-year spread fell 2.1 basis points further below its U.S. equivalent to a spread of -58.3 basis points , its widest since January 2016 . Canada 's trade report for March is due on Thursday , and the April employment report is due on Friday . ( Reporting by Fergal Smith ; Editing by Leslie Adler )
MIDEAST STOCKS-Overnight crash in oil may drag Gulf lower
DUBAI , June 15 Crude oil prices crashed almost 4 percent overnight which may drag stock markets in the oil-exporting Gulf lower on Thursday , though Saudi Arabian banks could be resilient following the central bank 's decision to raise only its reverse repo rate .
WASHINGTON Two U.S. special operations forces soldiers killed in eastern Afghanistan on Wednesday may have been struck by friendly fire in an operation targeting the emir of Islamic State militants in Afghanistan , the Pentagon said on Friday .
Pentagon spokesperson Captain Jeff Davis told reporters that the military was investigating whether the two troops may have been killed by ground fire , either by American forces or Afghan commandos taking part in the raid , though it appeared to be accidental .
`` We are investigating the circumstances of the combat deaths of the two Army Rangers in the beginning of what was an intense three-hour firefight , '' Davis said . `` It is possible these Rangers were struck by friendly fire . ''
Earlier in the day , the Pentagon identified the soldiers as Sergeant Joshua Rodgers , 22 , and Sergeant Cameron Thomas , 23 . A third soldier was wounded in the operation .
In a statement , U.S. Defence Secretary Jim Mattis said the United States owed the slain troops an `` irredeemable debt . ''
Davis said the target of the raid was Abdul Hasib , the emir of Islamic State in Afghanistan . The U.S. military suspected they were killed in the operation , but could not yet confirm it .
The operation , near the border with Pakistan , started at about 10:30 p.m. local time on Wednesday and within minutes the 50 U.S. Army Rangers along with 40 Afghan commandos came under fire from multiple direction .
`` It was during these initial moments of the raid that the two Rangers were mortally wounded , '' Davis said .
Fighting carried on for the next three hours , with Islamic State fighters firing from a heavily fortified compound and tunnel system .
The operation involved drones and aircraft like the AC-130 gunship , Apache helicopter and F-16 fighter jets .
About 35 Islamic State fighters are believed to have been killed , Davis said .
U.S. and Afghan forces were extracted from the area at about 3 a.m. Thursday .
Islamic State 's offshoot in Afghanistan , known as the Sunni jihadist group 's so-called Khorasan Province , is suspected of carrying out several attacks on minority Shi'ite Muslim targets .
U.S. officials say intelligence suggests Islamic State is based overwhelmingly in Nangarhar and neighbouring Kunar province .
Estimates of its strength in Afghanistan vary . U.S. officials believe the movement has only 700 fighters , but Afghan officials estimate it has about 1,500 .
( Editing by Chizu Nomiyama , Bernadette Baum and Jonathan Oatis )
Uber 's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc , the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes .
Ex-Visium fund manager sentenced to 18 months after fraud conviction
June 14 A former portfolio manager at Visium Asset Management LP was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Wednesday following their conviction on securities fraud charges stemming from an investigation that led the New York-based hedge fund to close last year .
( Repeats with no change in text )
By Stephen Nellis and David Ingram
March 28 The vote by the U.S. Congress to repeal rules that limit how internet service providers can use customer data has generated renewed interest in an old internet technology : virtual private networks , or VPNs .
VPNs cloak a customer 's web-surfing history by making an encrypted connection to a private server , which then searches the Web on the customer 's behalf without revealing the destination addresses . VPNs are often used to connect to a secure business network , or in countries such as China and Turkey to bypass government restrictions on Web surfing .
Privacy-conscious techies are now talking of using VPNs as a matter of course to guard against broadband providers collecting data about which internet sites and services they are using .
`` Time to start using a VPN at home , '' Vijaya Gadde‏ , general counsel of Twitter Inc , said in a tweet on Tuesday that was retweeted by Twitter Chief Executive Jack Dorsey .
Gadde was not immediately available for comment . Twitter said they were commenting in their personal capacity and not on behalf of the company .
The Republican-led U.S. House of Representatives voted 215-205 on Tuesday to repeal rules adopted last year by the Federal Communications Commission under then-President Barack Obama to require broadband providers to obtain consumer consent before using their data for advertising or marketing .
The U.S. Senate , also controlled by Republicans , voted 50-48 last week to reverse the rules . The White House said President Donald Trump supported the repeal measure .
Supporters of the repeal said the FCC unfairly required internet service providers like AT & T Inc , Comcast Corp and Verizon Communications Inc to do more to protect customers ' privacy than websites like Alphabet Inc 's Google or Facebook Inc .
Critics said the repeal would weaken consumers ' privacy protections .
VPN ADVANTAGES , DRAWBACKS
Protected data includes a customer 's web-browsing history , which in turn can be used to discover other types of information , including health and financial data .
Some smaller broadband providers are now seizing on privacy as a competitive advantage . Sonic , a California-based broadband provider , offers a free VPN service to its customers so they can connect to its network when they are not home . That ensures that when Sonic users log on to wi-fi at a coffee shop or hotel , for example , their data is not collected by that establishment 's broadband provider .
`` We see VPN as being important for our customers when they 're not on our network . They can take it with them on the road , '' CEO Dane Jasper said .
In many areas of the country , there is no option to choose an independent broadband provider and consumers will have to pay for a VPN service to shield their browsing habits .
Private Internet Access , a VPN provider , took a visible stand against the repeal measure when it bought a full-page ad in the New York Times on Sunday . But the company , which boasts about a million subscribers , potentially stands to benefit from the legislation , acknowledged marketing director Caleb Chen .
VPNs have drawbacks . They funnel all user traffic through one point , so they are an attractive target for hackers and spies . The biggest obstacle to their routine use as a privacy safeguard is that they can be too much of a hassle to set up for many customers . They also cost money .
`` The further along toward being a computer scientist you have to be to use a VPN , the smaller a portion of the population we 're talking about that can use it , '' said Ernesto Falcon , a legislative counsel for the Electronic Frontier Foundation , which opposed the bill . ( Reporting by Stephen Nellis and David Ingram in San Francisco ; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Peter Cooney )
Chicago freeway march planned despite police warning
CHICAGO ( AP ) — The Rev . Jesse Jackson and an activist priest say they 'll stage a protest that will shut down part of a busy interstate in Chicago despite warnings of arrest from police .
Roman Catholic Priest Michael Pfleger has been planning the Saturday morning march to draw attention to violence in the city 's most impoverished neighborhoods .
During a news conference Tuesday , Pfleger joined Jackson and others in ripping up a statement from Illinois State Police that said people who walked on any part of the Dan Ryan Expressway `` will face arrest and prosecution . ''
Protesters plan to march along the roadway on Chicago 's South Side .
Pfleger is a longtime activist on the city 's South Side .
OTTAWA — The Bank of Canada kept its key interest rate target on hold Wednesday , but hinted that rate hikes could be coming as it noted the Canadian economy was a little stronger than expected in the first quarter .
The central bank held its target for the overnight rate — a key financial benchmark that influences the prime lending rates at the country 's big banks — steady at 1.25 per cent .
`` Exports of goods were more robust than forecast and data on imports of machinery and equipment suggest continued recovery in investment , '' the Bank of Canada said in a statement .
`` Housing resale activity has remained soft into the second quarter , as the housing market continues to adjust to new mortgage guidelines and higher borrowing rates . Going forward , solid labour income growth supports the expectation that housing activity will pick up and consumption will continue to contribute importantly to growth in 2018 . ''
The central bank also said global economic activity remains broadly on track , but added that ongoing uncertainty about trade policies is dampening global business investment and stresses are developing in some emerging market economies .
It noted that recent developments have reinforced its view that higher rates will be warranted to keep inflation near its target , but added that it will take a gradual approach and be guided by the economic data .
`` In particular , the bank will continue to assess the economy 's sensitivity to interest rate movements and the evolution of economic capacity , '' it said .
Economists had predicted the Bank of Canada would keep its key rate on hold Wednesday , but many have suggested the rate may be headed higher later this year .
The central bank 's decision to keep its trend-setting rate on hold came as inflation sits above the two per cent midpoint of its target range of one to three per cent and core inflation has crept past the two per cent mark for the first time since 2012 .
It noted that inflation will likely be a bit higher in the near term than was forecast in its April monetary policy report due to recent increases in gasoline prices , but that it will look through the transitory impact of the fluctuations at the pump .
BOSTON — J.D . Martinez hit a tiebreaking , two-run homer over the Green Monster and out of Fenway Park , and the Boston Red Sox beat the Toronto Blue Jays , 6-4 , in American League baseball action Wednesday to complete a three-game sweep .
Martinez tied for the major-league lead with their 18th homer , breaking a 2-2 tie in the sixth .
Eduardo Nunez had a solo homer and RBI double , and Jackie Bradley Jr. had a run-scoring double for Boston , which has won nine of 11 and has the best record in the major leagues at 39-17 .
Toscar Hernandez hit a two-run homer for the Blue Jays , who have lost 13 of 17 and dropped to 2-7 against the Red Sox this season . Toronto , which opened the season 13-6 , is a season-high five games under .500 at 25-30 .
Image © Paula Bertran
You can share this contest entry on your favorite social media channel ( s ) , but this does not effect the contest outcome in any way .
It is only for promoting the work of this photographer .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
× Two kids are injured every day by window blinds , study finds
Nearly one child dies every month and about two are injured every day in window blind-related incidents , according to a new study .
From 1990 to 2015 , nearly 17,000 children younger than 6 were treated in emergency rooms for window-blind related injuries , according to the research , published Monday in the medical journal Pediatrics .
The study analyzed data from two national databases that collect hospital and field investigation information . It showed most injuries were minor and did not require hospitalization ; the most common injuries involved being struck by a window blind , such as being hit by a falling blind , or when a blind is pulled onto a person .
But entanglement — which accounted for 11.9 % of all cases — was associated with nearly 80 % of 726 hospitalizations and more than 94 % of 271 deaths of children during that period .
Almost all the cases of entanglement involved window blind cords .
Dr. Gary Smith , director of the Center for Injury Research and Policy at Nationwide Children 's Hospital in Columbus , Ohio , noted that there are voluntary safety standards for window coverings , and past recalls of specific types of blinds .
But Smith , the senior author of the study , wants it to be mandatory for window blind manufacturers to sell blinds with unexposed or inaccessible cords .
” The reason we are making this statement is simply because the current approach is not working , despite having a voluntary standard in place for many years , ” Smith said .
According to the study , almost all the entanglements occurred at home , especially in bedrooms or the living room .
Almost 90 % occurred when children were under the care of parents , but almost none of the entanglements had a witness . Rather , children had gone to bed , were playing or watching TV unsupervised , often just for a few minutes .
Entanglement can be silent , quick and deadly , Smith noted .
Toddlers and preschoolers are at particular risk , Smith said , as they have new mobility and curiosity , but are less likely to recognize potential dangers , or be able to free themselves .
The study said that many parents are familiar with the dangers of having exposed cords on blinds , but far fewer choose to replace them .
“ Designing the problem out of existence ” could be the most effective approach to prevent injuries , Smith said .
Changing safety standards
A voluntary safety standard for window covering manufacturers has been in place since 1996 , and has been revised several times since then , the study said .
In 2014 , the US Consumer Product Safety Commission unanimously approved a petition to develop a mandatory standard that would eliminate window blind cords that are accessible to children . According to the commission , mandatory rulemaking remains in the first stage .
In 2017 , the Window Covering Manufacturers Association proposed revising the voluntary standard to require “ stock ” products to be cordless or have inaccessible cords . This would apply to pre-made blinds purchased in stores or online , which make up more than 80 % of the US market , according to a statement from the manufacturers association .
Corded blinds would still be available in custom products .
The updated voluntary standard awaits final approval , but the manufacturers association statement said companies selling window coverings in the US and Canada will likely be required to comply in the fourth quarter of 2018 .
“ This will be a major step forward in protecting children , ” according to a statement from the safety commission . “ CPSC recommends that consumers buy and install cordless or inaccessible cord window coverings in homes where children live or visit . ”
The manufacturers association also suggests buyers look for the “ Best for Kids ” certification label . Products with the label are submitted to a third-party test laboratory to determine if they meet safety criteria .
Safe environments for kids
Linda Kaiser , founder and executive director of Parents for Window Blind Safety , said it 's well-known that window blinds can lead to injuries in children , but the advice to use safety kits , parental supervision or “ just tying up ” cords is still out there . It 's not enough , they said .
“ We have to tell consumers and parents , we have to get rid of ( cords ) , ” Kaiser said . “ The industry has made some step forwards but they still have some steps to do .
The non-profit organization was not involved in the study , but was among the groups that petitioned the safety commission for a mandatory standard .
“ I believe in my heart a mandatory rule is best , ” Kaiser said .
Smith , from Nationwide Children 's Hospital , said they remind people that “ the best parents in the world ca n't watch their kids every second , so the best way to do it is to provide safe environments .
“ The fact is any steps short of removing blinds from home can still put a child in harms way . ”
Britain Soccer Football - Tottenham Hotspur v AFC Bournemouth - Premier League - White Hart Lane - 15/4/17 Tottenham 's Dele Alli in action with Bournemouth 's Adam Smith and Harry Arter Action Images via Reuters / Paul Childs Livepic
Britain Soccer Football - Tottenham Hotspur v AFC Bournemouth - Premier League - White Hart Lane - 15/4/17 Tottenham 's Dele Alli celebrates after the match with Son Heung-min Action Images via Reuters / Paul Childs Livepic
TOTTENHAM HOTSPUR 4 BOURNEMOUTH 0
Tottenham Hotspur 's tenacious chase of leaders Chelsea continued as they claimed a 12th consecutive Premier League home win with a 4-0 rout of Bournemouth on Saturday to cut the gap to four points .
Two goals in three minutes from Mousa Dembele and Son Heung-min put the hosts in complete control inside 20 minutes and Harry Kane grabbed their 20th league goal of the season shortly after halftime as high-flying Spurs maintained their momentum .
Substitute Vincent Janssen received the biggest roar of the day in stoppage time as they claimed their first Premier League goal from open play since joining last year .
Mauricio Pochettino 's side will now hope fifth-placed Manchester United can do them a favour by stopping Chelsea 's seemingly unstoppable title charge at Old Trafford on Sunday .
`` It was another great performance , '' Pochettino , whose side won 4-0 for the second Saturday running and now have six-goal better goal difference than Chelsea , told Sky Sports .
`` Our job is done now , we have the three points and now we 'll see what happens tomorrow . If ( Chelsea ) fail we are waiting . ''
Dembele struck their first Premier League goal for 15 months after 16 minutes , slamming in a shot from six metres after Christian Eriksen 's corner arrived through a crowd of players .
In-form Son fired through the legs of keeper Artur Boruc from a narrow angle after racing on to Kane 's deft flick .
Kane , starting for the first time since injuring their ankle last month , wrapped up Tottenham 's seventh successive league win after 48 minutes , turning Simon Francis all too easily and firing low past Boruc with their left foot .
It is the third season in a row England forward Kane has reached the 20-goal mark - a feat previously only achieved by Alan Shearer , Ruud van Nistlerooy and Thierry Henry .
Boruc made sure the score did not get too embarrassing for Bournemouth with several saves as Tottenham went through their routines but they were beaten again in stoppage time .
Janssen , who has struggled to make an impact at White Hart Lane , scuffed their first attempt on goal but got another chance as the ball came back to them and the Dutchman fired past Boruc to put the icing on the cake of a 15th home league win .
Bournemouth is seven points above the relegation zone before the later kickoffs and probably need one more victory to guarantee a third season of top-flight football .
( Reporting by Martyn Herman , editing by Ed Osmond )
HOPEWELL , Va. – After years of anticipation , the Boathouse at City Point is set to open on Hopewell 's riverfront on June 17 .
The restaurant will feature 6,000 square feet of interior space and a 1,257 square foot patio . The location will also have 2,450 square feet of event space that will feature a tent pad that will be used for weddings , parties and other special occasions .
The Boathouse at City Point will be the fourth Boathouse restaurant in Central Virginia , joining locations at Rocketts Landing , Short Pump Town Center , and Sunday Park .
The latest restaurant is located at 701 West Randolph Street in Hopewell , which is over the Appomattox River Bridge off Route 10 .
The Boathouse restaurants are owned by the HOUSEpitality Family restaurant group .
“ The amount of support that the City of Hopewell has shown to this project over the past few years has been incredible ; it has been a true partnership , ” said restaurant group owner Kevin Healy .
The restaurant is considered to be one of the cornerstones of the revitalization of the Hopewell riverfront .
“ Residents of Hopewell have been waiting for something like this to come along for a long time and , after years in the making , it 's wonderful to see this project completed , ” said Charles Dane , Assistant City Manager for the City of Hopewell .
Dane said the Boathouse is just the first step in bringing waterfront dining back to Tri-Cities community .
The Boathouse will offer a similar menu to other locations , featuring coastal elements and a number of locally sourced ingredients .
Another unique feature of the restaurant will be the chef 's table in the restaurant 's kitchen that groups can reserve for dining .
Starting June 17 , the restaurant will be open daily for lunch , dinner and brunch on Sundays .
BOOKED : Brent Pinnick of Hoisington on Hoisington Municipal Court case for domestic battery with bond set at $ 2,500 C/S .
BOOKED : Alexandra Dirreen of Ellinwood on BTDC warrant for aggravated battery , bond set at $ 75,000 C/S .
BOOKED : Juvenile on Barton County District Court warrant for probation violation .
BOOKED : Bradley Ehster of Hutchinson on a Great Bend Municipal Court serve sentence .
RELEASED : Joshua Graves of Topeka on Barton County District Court warrant for probation violation and Great Bend Municipal Court warrant for contempt of court . Released to KDOC .
RELEASED : Daniel Ray Alexander of Great Bend on BTDC case for unlawful possession of controlled substance and parole violation . Released to KDOC .
RELEASED : Michael Philbern of Great Bend on Barton County District Court warrant for state parole A & D and BCDC case for possession of methamphetamine and drug paraphernalia after being released to Department of Corrections .
RELEASED : Tyler Parker of LaCrosse on Great Bend Parole Office order to arrest and detain parole violation after being transported to DOC .
RELEASED : Brent Pinnick of Hoisington on Hoisington Municipal Court case for domestic battery after posting a $ 2,500 surety bond through A-1 .
RELEASED : Corey Detter of Great Bend for Sedgwick County District Court case for probation violation and Reno County District Court warrant for probation violation . Released to Sedgwick County .
RELEASED : Sterling Mills of Great Bend on BTDC warrant for distribution and possession with intent to distribute after receiving a $ 10,000 OR bond through Judge Burgess .
RELEASED : Carlton Edwards of Ellinwood on Ellinwood Police Department 's Barton County District Court case for distribution of a controlled substance , possession of methamphetamine , possession of a controlled substance , possession of marijuana , and possession of drug paraphernalia after receiving a $ 10,000 OR from Judge Burgess .
RELEASED : Francisco Cordova Jr. of Great Bend on Barton County District Court case for distribution of methamphetamine , possession of marijuana , aggravated endangering of a child , possession of paraphernalia , and criminal use of a weapon . BCDC warrant for distribution or possession with intent to distribute methamphetamine , aggravated endangering of a child x2 and no drug tax stamp after receiving a $ 300,000 OR bond through Judge McPherson .
RELEASED : William Ellington of Great Bend on GBMC warrant for contempt of court indirect . GBMC warrant for contempt of court x2 . Received court ordered release form Judge Pike .
RELEASED : Calvin Neal of Hoisington on Barton County District Court case for criminal threat and interference with LEO , after being released per the County Attorney Amy Mellor .
RELEASED : Juvenile for transport to JJA .
VOL . 42 | NO . 21 | Friday , May 25 , 2018
Both sides preparing as if US-North Korea summit is a go Print | Front Page | Email this story To :
From :
Message :
From ( email ) :
Message :
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Rapid-fire diplomacy played out on two continents in advance of an `` expected '' summit between President Donald Trump and North Korea 's Kim Jong-un , the strengthening resolve coming after a series of high-risk , high-reward gambits by the two leaders .
Officials would n't say that the June 12 Singapore summit was back on , but preparations on both sides of the Pacific proceeded as if it were . Two weeks of hard-nosed negotiating , including a communications blackout by the North and a public cancellation by the U.S. , appeared to be paying off as the two sides engaged in their most substantive talks to date about the meeting .
Trump tweeted Tuesday that they had a `` great team '' working on the summit , confirming that top North Korean official Kim Yong Chol was headed to New York for talks with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo . In addition , teams of U.S. officials have arrived at the Korean Demilitarized Zone and in Singapore to prepare for the meeting .
`` Solid response to my letter , thank you ! '' tweeted Trump . They announced they had decided to `` terminate '' the summit last week in an open letter to Kim that stressed American military might , but also left the door cracked for future communication . White House officials characterized the letter as a negotiating tactic , designed to bring the North back to the table after a provocative statement , skipped planning talks and ignored phone calls .
But aides almost immediately suggested the meeting could still get back on track . And after a suitably conciliatory statement from North Korea , Trump said the same .
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said that since the letter , `` the North Koreans have been engaging '' with the U.S .
Trump views the meeting as a legacy-defining opportunity to make the nuclear deal that has evaded others , but they pledged to walk away from the meeting if they believed the North was n't serious about discussing dismantling its nuclear program .
U.S. officials cast the on-again , off-again drama as in keeping with Trump 's deal-making style , and reflective of the technically still-warring leaders testing each other . In their book `` The Art of the Deal , '' Trump wrote : `` The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it . That makes the other guy smell blood , and then you 're dead . The best thing you can do is deal from strength , and leverage is the biggest strength you can have . ''
After the North 's combative statements , there was debate inside the Trump administration about whether it marked a real turn to belligerence or a feint to see how far Kim Jong-un could push the U.S. in the lead-up to the talks . Trump had mused that Kim 's `` attitude '' had changed after the North Korean 's surprise visit to China two weeks ago , suggesting China was pushing Kim away from the table . Trump 's letter , the aides said , was designed to pressure the North on the international stage for appearing to have cold feet .
White House officials maintain that Trump was hopeful the North was merely negotiating but that they were prepared for the letter to mark the end of the two-month flirtation . Instead , the officials said , it brought both sides to the table with increasing seriousness , as they work through myriad logistical and policy decisions to keep June 12 a viable option for the summit .
The flurry of diplomatic activity intensified with Kim Yong Chol 's appearance at the Beijing airport Wednesday . South Korea-based Yonhap News cited diplomatic sources as saying Kim was on an Air China flight that departed in the afternoon , and U.S. officials familiar with planning have said they were scheduled to meet with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo on Thursday .
Kim is a former military intelligence chief and now a vice chairperson of the North Korean ruling party 's central committee . They will be the highest-level North Korean official to travel to the United States since 2000 , when late National Defense Commission First Vice Chairman Jo Myong Rok visited Washington , South Korea 's Unification Ministry said .
Pompeo has traveled to Pyongyang , North Korea 's capital , twice in recent weeks for meetings with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un , and has said there is a `` shared understanding '' between the two sides about what they hope to achieve .
Meanwhile , a team of American diplomats is holding preparatory discussions with North Korean officials at the DMZ . The group first met with its counterparts Sunday , and was seen leaving a Seoul hotel on Tuesday , but it was unclear whether they went to Panmunjom , a village that straddles the border inside the DMZ . The U.S. officials are led by Sung Kim , the U.S. ambassador to the Philippines , who formerly was the U.S. ambassador to Seoul and a top negotiator with North Korea in past nuclear talks . It includes senior officials with the National Security Council and the Pentagon .
The White House emphasized that it has remained in close contact with South Korean and Japanese officials as preparations for the talks continue . Sanders said Trump will host Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan on June 7 to coordinate their thinking ahead of the summit . Trump hosted South Korean President Moon Jae-in last week .
Moon , who has lobbied hard for nuclear negotiations between Trump and Kim Jong-un , held a surprise meeting with the North Korean leader Saturday in an effort to keep the summit alive .
South Korean media also reported that a North Korean delegation arrived in Singapore on Monday night , where other U.S. officials , led by White House deputy chief of staff Joe Hagin , are preparing for the summit .
___
Kim reported from Seoul , South Korea . Associated Press writers Jill Colvin and Matthew Lee contributed to this report .
There are reports the US President 's being investigated on suspicion of obstruction of justice connected to the Russia investigation .
The Washington Post says the accusation - which is an impeachable offence - was triggered by Donald Trump 's sacking of FBI director James Comey .
Investigators have also been looking for evidence of financial crimes among their associates .
A spokesperson for Mr Trump 's lawyer has blamed the leak on the Bureau - calling it `` outrageous , inexcusable and illegal '' .
NEW YORK ( Reuters Breakingviews ) - Verizon 's M & A signal is starting to come in a little clearer . The U.S. telecommunications titan reported a 20 percent drop in quarterly profit as a new sales initiative failed to attract customers . Its strategy behind buying AOL and Yahoo is perplexing . All of it probably helps explain why Chief Executive Lowell McAdam just indicated he 's open to the idea of a bigger deal .
Price wars in the maturing smartphone market – more than 80 percent of Americans already have one – are taking their toll . Verizon 's surprise decision to reverse a six-year-old policy against unlimited data plans did n't work . Despite rolling out the offer in mid-February , the company lost monthly mobile subscribers – some 300,000 of them – on a net basis for the first time .
More worrisome is cash flow from operations , which tumbled to $ 1.7 billion in the first quarter from $ 7.5 billion a year ago . A pension contribution accounts for some of the decline . Capital expenditure , however , was essentially flat , while free cash flow was negative $ 1.4 billion . Verizon fell short of nearly every expectation on Wall Street .
That puts more pressure on $ 200 billion Verizon to chart a future with something more than just the $ 9 billion it invested in AOL and Yahoo , which have been curiously rebranded as Oath . Consolidation and competition is expected to pick up . Verizon 's biggest direct rival , AT & T , is waiting for approval on its $ 85 billion Time Warner deal . Cable outfit Comcast just entered the wireless market .
It 's no wonder McAdam was unusually blunt about a merger of their own . They said he 'd consider a variety of pairings and even name-checked Comcast , Walt Disney and CBS during an interview earlier in the week . They did n't mention cable company Charter or satellite operator Dish Network , which could easily be on the list , too , especially considering the latter 's stockpile of spectrum and the acceleration of data usage . It 's not obvious that any of these combinations would necessarily make financial sense for Verizon , but its own lackluster numbers mean it 's nearly time to make a call .
0 Groups of North Carolina coworkers wins $ 200K Powerball prize
A tradition of playing Powerball together led a group of 10 North Carolina coworkers to a $ 200,000 lottery win .
“ We 've been playing the Powerball every week for the last three years , ” Ronald Lute of Lincolnton said . “ We each pitch in $ 10 and get our tickets . ”
> > Read more trending news
On Jan. 20 , Lute stopped by Bob 's Superette in Lincolnton and got tickets for them and their fellow Ethan Allen employees , WSOC reported .
[ PAST COVERAGE : Caldwell Co. woman wins lottery twice in one day ]
Dale Hedrick of Newton was the first one to realize they had a winning ticket .
“ I checked my phone Sunday morning , ” Hedrick said . “ I just kept looking at the numbers . I looked at them so many times , I memorized them . ”
Hedrick immediately called Lute to tell him , but they did n't answer , so they called Anthony Rowe of Conover instead .
“ I could n't believe we actually won something after playing all these years , ” Rowe said .
Eric Dellinger of Lincoln was the last to find out . They did n't learn about the win until three days later .
“ I was on vacation , ” Dellinger explained . “ I did n't answer my phone because I thought it was work . I could n't believe it when I finally found out . It 's exciting . ”
Dennis Setzer Jr. of Sherrills Ford , Roger Smith from Lincoln , Matthew Hedrick from Catawba , Randy Jones from Lincolnton , Randy Heavner from Lincolnton and Johnny Moss from Newton are the other co-workers who won .
The group claimed their prize Friday at lottery headquarters in Raleigh , WSOC reported .
After required state and federal tax withholdings , they each took home $ 14,100 . They all said they plan to save the money or use it to pay bills .
The winning ticket beat odds of one in 913,129 . It matched the numbers on the four white balls and the Powerball to win $ 50,000 . Because the ticket had the $ 1 Power Play feature , the prize quadrupled to $ 200,000 when the 4X multiplier was drawn .
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
March 31 Havelock Europa Plc
* Appointment of new chief financial officer
* Says Donald Borland appointed as new chief financial officer at Havelock Europa Plc from 26 april 2017
* Borland will succeed Ciaran Kennedy , who will stand down after company announces its full year results on 25 April 2017 Further company coverage : ( Bangalore.newsroom @ thomsonreuters.com )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WESTMORELAND COUNTY , Va. -- The mother of a missing teenager in Westmoreland County said their daughter has been found dead .
Kallie Jefferson 's mom told WTVR CBS 6 that their daughter was found dead in Richmond County .
The 19-year-old was last seen in Colonial Beach earlier this week .
WTVR CBS 6 is still working to gather additional details from police .
This is a developing story , so anyone with more information can submit a news tip here .
A A
Bill Danner , the longtime president of the Portland-based boot manufacturer that still bears their name decades after they sold it , died Christmas Eve at their home in Milwaukie , Ore . They were 97 .
Danner 's death comes a few weeks after their wife of more than six decades , Miriam , died at 96 . They are survived by seven children , 19 grandchildren , 17 great-grandchildren and one great-great-grandchild .
Danner , one son said Thursday , will be remembered as a family man who looked after others first , including when they and their brother took over the struggling Danner Shoe Mfg . Company in 1945 and transformed it into the iconic brand it is today .
“ Being in the shoe business was not something they picked out , ” said Bill Crary Jr. , one of Danner 's three adopted children , who worked for years at the family business before starting their own shoe company in Portland . “ Somebody had to do it , so they did it . That 's the kind of guy that they are . ”
They and their brother , John Danner , took over the company from their father Charles after returning from World War II . Bill Danner eventually bought out their brother 's stake and led Danner to tremendous growth , eventually selling the brand in 1983 to business person Eric Merk .
In 1994 , LaCrosse Footwear Inc. bought Danner . Japanese footwear company ABC-Mart bought the businesses in 2012 . Danner still operates out of its Portland headquarters .
Laurie Thomas , Director of Marketing for LaCrosse Footwear , Inc. said in a statement the company was saddened to hear about Danner 's death . “ It is their commitment to quality and craftsmanship that is at the heart of the Danner brand , ” they said .
“ If not for their vision and high standards , we would not be the company we are today . We honor their legacy and celebrate a very long and successful life , measured in lives touched and miles explored . Our best wishes go out to the entire Danner family . ”
William Charles Danner was born in Chippewa Falls , Wis. , in 1919 , where their father founded the family company . Charles Danner moved it to Portland in 1936 , four years after starting the business , according to Danner 's website .
Bill Danner graduated from the University of Portland before fighting in WWII , Crary Jr. said . They were a sergeant in the U.S. Army Air Corps and flew in B-17s , where they operated the top turret gunning station on dozens of missions out of North Africa .
The family was not confident Bill would make it to Christmas when Miriam died Nov. 4 , Crary Jr. said . They were right ; they died Dec. 24 .
A memorial is scheduled Feb. 5 at Willamette View assisted living center in Milwaukie , Ore. , from 2 p.m. to 5 p.m .
SEOUL , April 13 South Korea 's central bank kept interest rates unchanged for a 10th straight month on Thursday , wary of geopolitical risks around North Korea and ahead of a much-anticipated U.S. Treasury report on foreign currency policy .
Following are key remarks from Bank of Korea Governor Lee Ju-yeol 's news conference , translated by Reuters :
RATE DECISION :
`` The Monetary Policy Board of the Bank of Korea decided today to leave the Base Rate unchanged at 1.25 percent for the intermeeting period . ''
ECONOMY :
`` Looking at the real economy , growth has expanded somewhat even though consumption remained weak . ''
MONETARY POLICY :
`` The need to cut interest rate has diminished compared with before . But as there is geopolitical risks and other uncertainties , we will keep ( monetary policy ) accommodative to continue to support the economic recovery . '' ( Reporting by Cynthia Kim ; Editing by Sam Holmes )
May 2 Hollywood writers and representatives of movie and television studios kept talking past a midnight deadline into the early hours of Tuesday morning to try and stave off a strike that could black out TV talk shows and soap operas .
Variety reported late on Monday that there had been `` cautious reports of movement on key issues '' in the contract negotiations between the Writers Guild of America ( WGA ) and the Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers ( AMPTP ) .
If there is no agreement , the 9,000-member Guild has said it is prepared to call for a stoppage and for picketing of the big TV and movie studios as early as Tuesday .
WGA members took part in Monday 's May Day march in downtown Los Angeles , held in support of workers rights and union solidarity .
The two sides have imposed a media blackout on the talks , which are centered on the revolution in the television industry caused by the arrival of Netflix , Amazon and other streaming services - and a resulting sharp decline in the typical number of episiodes in a season of scripted comedy or drama , to around 10 from 22 .
The WGA says its members , who are paid per episode , have suffered an average 23-percent drop in earnings in the past three years .
Royalties for shows sold on DVDs , streaming platforms and cable TV are also at issue , along with funding for the WGA 's health plan .
The AMPTP represents entertainment giants Comcast Corp , Walt Disney Co , CBS Corp , Viacom Inc , Time Warner Inc and Twenty-First Century Fox Inc
May 3 Exxonmobil
* Exxon Mobil Corporation makes application to cease to be a reporting issuer in Canada
* If order sought is granted by ASC , Exxonmobil will cease to be a reporting issuer in any jurisdiction in Canada
* Exxonmobil - will continue to file all financial statements and other continuous disclosure materials required to be filed by it Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
ABU DHABI May 3 National oil firm Saudi Aramco plans to cut its stake in Sadara Chemical Co IPO-SACH.SE , a joint venture with U.S. company Dow Chemical , via an initial public offer of shares , Sadara chief executive Ziad al-Labban said on Wednesday .
`` Aramco has a stake of 65 percent in Sadara - they want to become equal with Dow , which has a 35 percent stake . The 30 percent I believe will be IPOed by Saudi Aramco , '' Labban told reporters on the sidelines of a petrochemical industry conference .
They did not give a timeline or other details . Executives first raised the possibility of an IPO for Sadara years ago ; a source familiar with the matter told Reuters this year that it would occur after the planned IPO of Aramco itself , which is due to take place in 2018 . ( Reporting by Stanley Carvalho ; Writing by Andrew Torchia )
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division , part of the second-largest U.S. bank 's plan to cut costs .
The Guardian published an op-ed recently titled “ No One Can Pretend Facebook is Just Harmless Fun Any More ” which took aim at the social media company for their most recent user data exposure .
The op-ed published in the Guardian begins by noting the recent revelation that data analysis firm Cambridge Analytica had gained access to millions of Facebook users data without their express permission , but encourages readers to note that the real bad guy in this situation is Facebook itself . The article calls out CEO Mark Zuckerberg and notes how odd it is that while their company monitors billions of people and encourages them to purchase certain things or perform certain interactions , Zuckerberg is invited to speak at Harvard without skepticism .
The revelation that Cambridge Analytica exploited the data of 50 million Facebook profiles to target American voters is indeed frightening . But Cambridge Analytica should n't act as a diversion from the real bad guy in this story : Facebook . It is mystifying that as their company regulates the flow of information to billions of human beings , encouraging certain purchasing habits and opinions , and monitoring people 's interactions , Mark Zuckerberg is invited to give lectures at Harvard without being treated with due scepticism . We have now reached the point where an unaccountable private corporation is holding detailed data on over a quarter of the world 's population . Zuckerberg and their company have been avoiding responsibility for some time . Governments everywhere need to get serious in how they deal with Facebook .
The op-ed further notes how publishers are left at the mercy of Facebook 's algorithm which can change at any moment , and a recent change to the site 's News Feed focusing on posts from family and friends was blamed for decreased interactions amongst a number of publishers . One publisher , LittleThings , directly blamed this change for their company shutting down .
Facebook was n't the only contributor to LittleThings ' demise , but those working at the website said there was nowhere else to go after the algorithm change . And this is n't the only example : in 2013 an algorithm change halved the traffic of viral content website Upworthy – something from which the website has never recovered . The impact of Facebook 's dominance means that publications are constantly scrambling to keep up with the platform 's changing strategy . The editor-in-chief of Wired , Nick Thompson , recently told the Digiday podcast that there was a fear “ Facebook has a dial somewhere that can be turned to cut off media that gets too uppity ” .
The Guardian notes that Facebook has used a number of manipulative practices to track users data :
Even if we want to avoid the site and keep our data protected , it 's not as easy as one might think . According to Roger McNamee , an early investor in Facebook , the company uses techniques found in propaganda and casino gambling to foster psychological addiction in its users – such as constant notifications and variable rewards . By keeping us hooked , Facebook is able to hold a huge amount of data on us . What is surprising , and worrying , is the derived data Facebook has – the profiles it can build of its users based on seemingly innocuous information . The author of the book Networks of Control , Wolfie Christl , noted that a patent published by Facebook works out people 's commute times by using location data from mobile apps . It then uses this and other data to segregate users into social classes . Facebook 's massive data cache goes hand in hand with its acquisition of competitors . Nick Srnicek , author of Platform Capitalism , says , “ Facebook is acting like a classic monopoly : it 's buying up competitors like Instagram , it 's blatantly copying rivals like Snapchat , and it even has its own app , Onavo , that acts to warn them of potential threats . All of this is combined with an unchecked sweeping up of our data that 's being used to build an impervious moat around its business . ”
The op-ed finishes by calling for regulation of Facebook like many other multinational companies rather than treating it as just another social media website :
If ExxonMobil attempted to insert itself into every element of our lives like this , there might be a concerted grassroots movement to curb its influence . So perhaps it 's time to start treating Facebook as the giant multinational corporation it is – especially because people with Facebook profiles are n't the company 's customers : they are the product it sells to advertisers .
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE , June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate 's CEO job .
`` Dad knew they were going to pass away and we were very kindred spirits , '' says Nixon . `` We had deep conversations all the time . I understood and experienced things as a child that I think were hard to relate to my peers about . I did not relate to them at all really . To be honest I had a very hard time making friends .
`` So I went to words to try to figure it out . Poetry and lyrics have spoken to me as long as I can remember so I just thought I am going to start writing in a diary , writing short stories , and trying every form of writing I can ever find . That 's how it started . It was a way for me to understand my experience , '' says Nixon .
`` Jann Arden was another a big influence on me as a kid , '' they note . `` I was 12 . My dad had just passed away , '' recalls Nixon softly . `` I was grappling with that and I was not very good at communicating . I was really upset . As a child I had this crazy idea that when Dad died because we were so close that I would go . When you go to sleep you think God is going to take me too if they have any kindness in their heart . I remember being so mad about it and not knowing how to talk about it . Then I heard Jann Arden 's `` Unloved . ''
`` I thought somebody else across the world knows my heart in such a way . I want to do that for somebody at some point , and be good enough at this thing to make somebody feel that . ''
Them song `` Waiting for Sirens '' is a profound ballad that has two meanings for Nixon .
Them father often had to go to the hospital at night , so Nixon would sit up late and wait for sirens .
Nixon has also taught students raised in family violence .
`` I had an epiphany , '' they note . `` I felt their stories were more important than mine in that moment . I thought if I ever get a voice that gets heard I want to be able to speak to that cause . So I do a lot of work with domestic violence . ''
As an extension of `` Waiting For Sirens , '' Nixon launched an awareness campaign , in partnership with Alberta Music and ( Country Artist Development Showcase ) Project Wild , on behalf of families affected by violence . They have been visiting and performing in shelters all over Alberta , gathering the `` siren '' stories of front line workers and survivors as part of a video series to raise money to buy gifts for children in these shelters .
They say playing shelters is a `` privileged place to be '' as these women tell them their stories helping them to `` give a voice to the voiceless . ''
Nixon has three children of their own : Austin , Abigail and Ava , who often appear in their writing and life observations as they continue to chase their music dream across the country .
She 's looking forward to playing Kitchener with local singer-songwriter Lynn Jackson .
`` Somehow I am being pulled in your direction , '' says Nixon , adding she 's also playing Toronto 's Dakota Tavern , and likely the Maritimes in June for Canadian Organization of Activities because their album is charting heavily on college radio .
`` All of these songs are about identity , coming to terms and finding joy in life . So I can see you having an identity crisis when you become a mother . You have an identity crisis when you become an adult . So I think that 's why the songs are working . Their themes are universal . That was intentional because I wanted to hook into people 's hearts . ''
The Department of Transportation also says that audit report on the controversial Dalian trains is already out , but the decision whether these could be used or not depends on pending discussions with the Chinese company
Published 7:37 PM , July 04 , 2018
TARLAC , Philippines – Japan 's Sumitomo-Mitsubishi Heavy Industries , Ltd. ( MHI ) takes over this month as new maintenance provider Metro Rail Transit Line 3 ( MRT3 ) Department of Transportation ( DOTr ) Secretary Arthur Tugade said on Wednesday , July 4 .
In a press briefing at the site of the New Clark City in Capas , Tarlac , Tugade said that Japanese company returns onboard this July , after the signing of a loan agreement with the government of Japan is concluded .
`` We will upgrade the rails and existing coaches and that is happening in the next couple of months when Sumitomo is already hopefully onboard , '' Tugade told reporters .
Sumitomo-MHI built and designed the MRT3 railway system from 1998 to 2000 , and maintained it until 2012 .
Busan Universal Rail Incorporated ( BURI ) took over as maintenance provider of MRT3 early 2016 . DOTr terminated its contract with BURI in November 2017 after it failed to address the maintenance issues raised by the government .
Since the year started , the MRT3 has broken down 60 times and experienced a record low of 6 running trains back in February . Ridership was cut down to around 200,000 then , from the average daily ridership of 463,000 in 2017 .
Expect more trains ?
Tugade also announced that the audit conducted by German-based TUV Rheinland on the controversial Dalian trains was finally completed .
Tugade said , however , that talks between China 's CRRC Dalian Company Limited was still ongoing . The discussion will determine the fate of the 48 Dalian trains – whether it will be used by the MRT3 or not .
`` Is the evaluation showing that the submission is complete and in accordance to the TOR ( terms of reference ) ? [ The ] answer is no . Is the non-compliance substantive and prejudicial to safety and comfort of passengers ? That we will find out during the discussion with Dalian , '' Tugade said .
The 48 Dalian trains were delivered in 2016 but remained unused due to compatibility issues . The new coaches were part of the MRT3 expansion project , which aimed to decongest the railway system and increase its capacity to serve over 800,000 passengers daily .
The Department of Transportation said the Dalian trains exceeded the total weight stipulated in its contract . The DOTr specified that each train should weigh 46.4 tons . However the TUV Rheinland audit found out that each Dalian train weighed 49.7 tons .
During the Senate hearing on the MRT3 in February , an expert said the 48 Dalian trains were `` not overweight '' and within the allowable limit that the MRT3 tracks could carry .
`` The report will be discussed with Dalian at sana ho huwag nating pangunahan . Kapag tapos na ang mga pag-uusap , kakausapin ko kayo on the firm and final position on these trains , '' Tugade said .
( The report will be discussed with Dalian and let 's not pre-empt . When the discussions are done , I will talk to the public on the firm and final position on these trains . ) – Rappler.com
One of the most frequent questions that I get asked is about serving sizes . The number of servings of specific types of foods that are right for you depends on your age , sex , and how active you are . But just how big is a serving ?
They say that beauty is in the eye of the beholder , and a serving size is in the eye of the diner . Just as beauty can vary according to who is doing the looking , a serving size can differ depending on who is doing the eating . But there is where you can get into trouble .
Weight control can be boiled down to serving size and exercise . We all know what exercise involves , it means movement in any way , shape or form . The other side of that coin is serving size , often a delusional self-determined entity .
Get out your measuring cup for this exercise . Pour out ½ cup of your favorite juice , now , that 's a serving . Twice that amount , 1 cup or 8 ounces , is a serving of milk or water . Looking at fluids through a measuring cup makes drinking 8 to 10 glasses of water a day not that impossible .
Starchy foods and vegetables are really going to surprise you . Just ½ cup of rice or pasta , potatoes , corn or peas is a serving . That 's the size of a half of a baseball or a small fist . How many servings of pasta does the average dinner plate hold ? Measure it .
A serving of meat is 3 ounces , cooked , that 's the size of a deck of cards or the palm of a woman 's hand . A baked potato serving is as big as a computer mouse , and a pancake or waffle compares with a 4-inch CD . A baseball is as big as an apple or orange needs to be . Canned fruit and vegetable servings are only as much as ½ cup . One half a bun or bagel is a serving . Remember , anything bigger than these examples , is another serving . This is where the servings and the calories add up .
Once I went on a serving size campaign at home . I served only one of the appropriate serving sizes to my family during dinner . My family wanted to know why I cooked so much food if they could only have a little bit of it . It was a learning experience .
You , too , can play this game . The next time you go out to dinner , try to count the number of servings that you receive . Those little dishes that you get applesauce in are only 4-ounce bowls . It may not seem like much , but five servings of fruits and vegetables a day can supply important vitamins and minerals and with plenty of antioxidants to ward off cancer . If you are watching your calories , order once and enjoy twice . Take the extra servings home for later .
Randall https : //www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2018/07/web1_Randall.jpeg Randall
THEIR VIEW
Bobbie Randall Contributing columnist
Bobbie Randall is a certified diabetes educator , registered , licensed dietitian . They supervise a Diabetes Self-Management Training Program at Dunlap Community Hospital , Orrville , Ohio . Contact them at bobbie.randall @ aultman.com .
Bobbie Randall is a certified diabetes educator , registered , licensed dietitian . They supervise a Diabetes Self-Management Training Program at Dunlap Community Hospital , Orrville , Ohio . Contact them at bobbie.randall @ aultman.com .
The second annual Paddle for Keiki event will take place on Sunday , Dec. 17 , at Kīhei Canoe Club .
The fundraising gift drive aims to help Maui County youth during the holiday season .
Every holiday season , motorcycle riders around the island join together to gather toys for Maui 's children in need . Ron Panzo , president of Street Bikers United and owner of Nalu 's South Shore Grill , and Timothy Lara , founder of Hawaiian Paddle Sports , thought about how to expand this event to the paddling community .
Event organizers say the idea for Paddle For Keiki was born out of marrying two other great events Panzo and Lara were already a part of : Toys For Tots Motorcycle Toy Run for Maui 's youth and Paddle For Hunger , a food drive for Maui Food Bank .
With Paddle For Keiki , participants will paddle “ anything that floats ” just like Paddle For Hunger , but instead donate toys for Maui 's youth .
Participants are encouraged to pre-register and bring an unwrapped toy for a child on Maui . Participants who make a minimum donation of $ 25 or bring an unwrapped toy for a child on Maui will receive a free Paddle For Hunger t-shirt or keepsake ornament and lunch at Nalu 's .
All toys and proceeds benefit Maui County children in need .
ADVERTISEMENT
Check in will begin at 7 a.m. at Kīhei Canoe Club with races running from 8 to 9 a.m . Participants will then return at noon for the Paddle For Keiki Toy Parade which will feature Santa and an outrigger canoe full of toys head from Kīhei Canoe Club to Nalu 's at Azeka Shopping Center with a large motorcycle escort from Street Bikers United .
At 12:30 p.m. there will be an after party at Nalu 's with food and drink specials and live music . There will be free lunch for pre-registered guests who donate $ 25 or more or a gift of equal or greater value .
Participants can register online here .
April 28 China Resources Phoenix Healthcare Holdings Co Ltd :
* Updates on major transaction regarding acquisitions of target cos involving issue of consideration shares under specific mandate
* Certain conditions of acquisitions have not been met
* Co and seller are engaging in negotiations to explore solution acceptable to both parties Source text ( bit.ly/2oSKuHj ) Further company coverage :
Book : Vik Muniz , The Catalogue
Authors : Arthur Ollman , director of the Museum of Photographic Arts in San Diego , Calif. ; Brett Abbott , Donald and Marilyn Keough Family curator of Photography and Head of Collections , the High Museum of Art
Review by : Phil Bolton , publisher of Global Atlanta ; Amanda Villa-Lobos , photographer
There is so much to say about the photographic work of the Brazilian photographer Vik Muniz that this review of a catalogue of their work displayed at the High Museum of Art from last February through May ca n't even begin to capture it all .
I 'm somewhat relieved that Brett Abbott , the curator and head of collections at the High , and Todd Brandow , executive director of the Foundation for the Exhibition of Photography , begin with the same feeling of inadequacy in their forward to the book .
“ While no single exhibition is truly capable of representing the depth and breath of Muniz 's artistic endeavors , our project represents the most significant and comprehensive attempt to date to weave together the diverse phases of their imaginative career in a museum context , ” is their mea culpa .
I hope you did n't miss the exhibition , but I have to confess that I only got a few glances on a quick passthrough . Consequently – filled with wonder , curiosity and feeling somewhat guilty – I returned and bought the catalogue .
What the catalogue does n't do is give you the scale of some of the enormous prints , which can catch the viewer 's attention and then draw them or them to look ever more closely — and then even more closely . The catalogue itself , nevertheless , can capture your attention for hours at a time .
A few quick facts about Muniz : Born into poverty in São Paulo in 1961 , they begin drawing in their youth , works for an ad agency , comes to the U.S. because they were shot at accidentally by someone who agrees to pay for their plane ticket and as an illegal immigrant starts studying seriously . They are best known for recreating famous imagery from art history and pop culture with unexpected everyday objects , then photographing them .
So let 's drop them into a few places and see what happens . How about the Jardim Gramacho garbage dump , the largest in Rio de Janeiro , which is filled with toxins , violent thugs , drug dealers and their addicts ? Instead of passing through just once , grateful to still be alive , they keep going back , meeting its inhabitants and photographing the junk .
They then creates images using some of the people they have encountered as models . Their images replicate classic paintings such as the one on the catalogue 's cover of the French revolutionary leader Marat in their bath by Jacques Louis David in 1793 . Look more closely and see all the junk surrounding the bath .
If they had done this series alone , they would have been heralded across the globe . The series even inspired a documentary titled “ The Wasteland ” that contributed to their fame . But , quite frankly , this is just the tip of the iceberg .
Let 's drop them into another setting . How about in Boston at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology this time , where they came across some cell biologists ? The resulting series “ Colonies ” is inspired by the growth patterns of cells . Interesting ? Do n't forget that Brazil was a colony of Portugal for centuries , or that formal gardens may replicate some of the same patterns of organic growth .
As if this was n't enough , before leaving MIT they started working with a researcher who was repairing microscopic integrated circuits on microchips . All this is unseeable with the human eye , but the equipment being used enabled Muniz to start drawing castles on single grains of sand . A new breed of sand castles — get it ?
And there 's so much more . They do n't need futuristic equipment to make art . Give them a plate of spaghetti and he 'll come up with the Medusa , as on the catalogue 's back cover . Give them some liquid chocolate and he 'll replicate Jackson Pollock creating some of their “ drip paintings , ” or thread , and he 'll recreate beautiful , dreamy landscapes .
After going through the catalogue , I 'll never look at a postcard the same way again and if you check out the catalogue you wo n't either .
One of my earliest memories is of a photograph that became a postcard of my grandmother atop a camel in front of the Sphinx in Egypt at some time in the early 20th century . Muniz did n't get their hands on this one , but he 's got boxes full of others , all waiting for their day in the sun or on one of their photographs .
A Note of Thanks
There are a few people I want to thank for propelling me to go back to the High and buy the book . Yes , there 's my grandmother for their interest in travel and finding themselves in exotic places to be photographed .
But there 's also the Telles Ribeiro family including Edgar Telles Ribeiro , a Brazilian career diplomat and writer , and their brother Ambassador Hermano Telles Ribeiro , who was based in Atlanta as consul general of Brazil , and Hermano 's daughter Amanda Villa-Lobos who interviewed Muniz on behalf of Global Atlanta ( read their interview below ) .
Other local influencers who introduced me to Brazil include Lucia Jennings , a founder of the Brazilian-American Chamber of Commerce and its president for many years , Fabiana Di Pietro Xavier , the chamber 's former executive director , and William Stolz , a former Peace Corps volunteer in Brazil and a former trade commissioner at the Canadian Consulate General in Atlanta .
Also , I count as an inspiration Michael Lesy , an elementary school classmate of mine who now is a writer and professor of literary journalism at Hampshire College in Amherst , Mass . Lesy , who taught at Emory University for a while , has had books published which combine historical photographs with their own writing including Wisconsin Death Trip ( 1973 ) , Bearing Witness , A Photographic Chronicle of American Life ( 1982 ) and Visible Light ( 1985 ) , among others ;
Nor do I wish to forget S. Lane Faison , one of the Monuments Men , whose memorable art history courses I took in college , for getting me into museums .
And most of all , I 'd like to thank Vik Muniz for your wonderful work . Please come back to Atlanta .
Need more ? Amanda Villa-Lobos ' interview with Vik Muniz for Global Atlanta follows .
—
Amanda Villa-Lobos : What inspires you most about Brazil ?
Vik Muniz : Most of my artistic influence growing up had nothing to do with art . I was influenced by television and cartoons . The conventional sources of adolescent influence . My father was a waiter who had no access to art except for a very marginal relationship . It was limited to really bad and small illustrations in an Encyclopedia Britannica that their father had won in a pool game .
I did draw a lot . It was n't until I was 14 that I started knowing about art history . It became an obsession of mine after that . It started with academic drawing from the masters . Most colleagues at drawing school did n't even know who Andy Warhol was . Then I did n't think about contemporary art until I moved to the U.S. in 1983 .
Ms. Villa-Lobos : Does most of your work have a humanitarian focus ?
Mr. Muniz : No . My work is not based on any political or humanitarian motifs . If you are sincere and your work is to show the world as you see it , it has this honest , realist motivation , you 're making people see the world in a better , more efficient , more clear way , then that 's enough for them to make their own political and social ideas .
As a person , I 've this need to be part of a larger context . Artists have to be involved with everything . The world extends far beyond my house , my neighborhood , my city . The more you are involved with your community , or the social context that you live in , the more you have the chance to feel the world you live in and give back creatively . It would n't be ambitious for an artist to limit their experience to their immediate surroundings .
Ms. Villa-Lobos : Do you get involved with social issues in Rio de Janeiro or in Brooklyn where you live now ?
Mr. Muniz : Brazil is a complicated country . But the people inspire me . I believe in Brazilians . The problem and beauty of Brazil have the same root . Fortunately we were able to develop a democratic process but our republican process did n't develop . Maybe that 's because of our educational system and culture or history since we always have had a hierarchical system of power . We did n't develop the idea that our house extends out from our social context , our house , our car . Sometimes we blame the politicians and you go out on the streets and there are people trying to bribe guards and cutting lines to get ahead . There is a Brazil that is ugly some of the time . I say we cured obesity but we are dying of hunger . It looks like a country of starving people . But Brazil also is fun and beautiful and I find in Brazil a unique ability to care and be affectionate and love that I do n't see in other cultures . I do n't know how much I 'd like to change Brazilians because I am Brazilian .
A lot of my work is inspired by European and American art from the 1960s and 70s , but what gives it a special characteristic is the fact that I 'm looking at it from a Brazilian perspective…from the side of the ‘ ugly hack ' and wrong things . I do n't know . I live in Brazil and I love Brazil , all of it . I like Rio – I think that it is the most beautiful city in the world . It has the beauty of a resort – a place to spend your vacation . But it also is a very complex city of 16 million people .
Sometimes I tell my wife , ‘ You know where I want to take my break , in Rio de Janeiro , ' because it is incredible what you have in Brazil and it 's incredible to see what 's happening in the country . So I think that we need to change the way we see power , but also the way we see each other . I think that has to do with education…and education in the home too .
I do n't know how many generations that will take , but I do n't think it 's going to be a short term process .
Half of my life I 've lived in Brazil and the other half in the U.S . I have a good comparison so I can say that there is n't such a thing as a perfect place . We will always want something when we are stuck in a certain situation . Sometimes I really miss Brazil . Sometimes I really miss New York . What can you do ?
Ms. Villa-Lobos : Were you surprised to find out that there are as many as 30,000 Brazilians in Atlanta ? What do you feel about the presence of Brazilians at your shows ?
Mr. Muniz : I think it 's great because you have an empathy that is almost unexpected . I had an expo in Quebec and there was a huge group of Brazilians . I had an expo in Moscow and there was a Brazilian group . So it 's interesting . You are communicating with your culture in different places right ?
You have talks with people from different cultures . It 's interesting , especially when you talk with someone who has immigrated and is an immigrant . I am an immigrant mainly in the U.S .. I 'm happy to talk to people with whom I share the past . I was an illegal immigrant for six years . I was a waiter , I washed dishes so I am the archetype , prototype immigrant . I have this empathy for people who move to another culture to find a better life . I think , yes , we complain about Brazil , but you can always move . I see these things happening in very hard situations so I have empathy for people who do this kind of thing , and go through what I did . So I love to know that my work is for these people . I invite all the immigrants who are here to come and see the exhibition .
Ms. Villa-Lobos : Come and see it guys . It 's really cool and beautiful . Vik is a very caring person that will be glad to receive Brazilians . And I 'm proud to be here with you Vik . Thank you .
—
Buy Vik Muniz here and support Global Atlanta :
The sign on the hood of a delivery truck for Panera Bread Co. is seen in Westminster , Colorado February 11 , 2015 . REUTERS/Rick Wilking
NEW YORK ( Reuters Breakingviews ) - Consolidation is fueling inflation in the U.S. fast-food market . JAB , the privately held owner of Krispy Kreme , Peet 's Coffee and other assets , is paying $ 7.5 billion including debt for Panera Bread . That 's a stratospheric 41 times projected earnings for 2017 . The buyer has deep pockets and no pesky shareholders to answer to , and its target boasts one of the industry 's strongest growth rates . But such a lofty valuation will have few rivals in the M & A oven .
The latest in a string of fast-food mergers , the deal is the largest ever for a U.S. restaurant chain and not far behind the $ 12.6 billion that buyout firm 3G 's restaurant vehicle paid for Tim Hortons in 2014 . The enterprise value is nearly 17 times this year 's forecast EBITDA , compared with the 10.4 times historic EBITDA that Darden Restaurants paid for Cheddar 's Scratch Kitchen last month .
Panera 's valuation is as rich as many of its menu items , like the 800-calorie Kitchen Sink Cookie . But JAB , the investment vehicle of Germany 's billionaire Reimann family , is not one to let price get in the way of its appetite . It invests for a decade or more and has already shown a willingness to pay handsomely for strong brands like Peet 's , European coffee roaster Jacobs Douwe Egberts , cosmetics house Coty and stiletto-maker Jimmy Choo .
With Panera , JAB is getting above-average growth as part of the recipe . The company is aggressively rolling out digital ordering and payment kiosks to speed customers through its more than 2,000 outlets . It 's also introducing delivery service and making a play for the health-conscious with a new line of no-sugar-added beverages . Such initiatives helped boost same-store sales by 5.3 percent in the first three months of 2017 . That compares well to the average drop across the industry of 2.7 percent in the three months to the end of February , according to Black Box Intelligence .
JAB 's move may encourage others to move quickly while there are still plenty of pickings in the fragmented fast-food industry . But carb-loading at this level can lead to indigestion .
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
Mexican Central Bank Governor Agustin Carstens addresses the audience during a meeting at the Senate in Mexico City , Mexico April 5 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Jasso
Mexican Central Bank Governor Agustin Carstens addresses the audience during a meeting at the Senate in Mexico City , Mexico April 5 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Jasso
MEXICO CITY Mexico 's central bank chief said on Wednesday the bank altered course on how to protect the peso after a couple of tweets by U.S. President Donald Trump in early January pummeled the local currency to near historic lows and wiped out the effect of a $ 2 billion currency intervention .
The Banco de Mexico in early January had sold dollars to fight off the peso 's nosedive to record lows amid fears the protectionist policy pronouncements of then President-elect Trump could further hammer Latin America 's second-largest economy .
`` I 'll say it like this , in simple terms : with two tweets from you know who , the effect ( of that intervention ) vanished , '' Mexican Central Bank chief Agustin Carstens said on Wednesday .
`` It was precisely then we thought that instead of using hard currency like dollars , it would be better to move to a scheme in which there was the possibility of offering hedges '' without having to eat into Mexico 's currency reserves , Carstens added .
Carstens did not specify what tweets they were referring to .
But Trump in early January targeted Toyota Motor Corp ( 7203.T ) and General Motors Co ( GM.N ) with the threat of a `` big border tax '' over cars built in Mexico meant for U.S. consumers .
Since then , Mexico 's central bank has moved from intervening directly in the foreign exchange market through dollar sales by implementing an exchange hedging program for up to $ 20 billion .
The bank earlier on Wednesday sold its entire offer of $ 200 million in foreign exchange hedges in an auction in which demand far outstripped supply , reflecting appetite for the program aimed at supporting the country 's peso currency .
Carstens said that the peso MXN=D2 MXN= , which fell to a low of nearly 22 per dollar following the U.S. elections in November but has since recouped most of those losses , is still undervalued and has room to appreciate .
Future interest rate decisions by the U.S. Federal Reserve should not cause further depreciation in the peso , Carstens added .
Regarding monetary policy , Carstens also said that depending on the evolution of inflation expectations , the Banco de Mexico may be able to stop following Fed decisions in tandem .
( Reporting by Anthony Esposito and Sharay Angulo , editing by G Crosse )
We should all be lucky enough to have Valentines as thoughtful as Reese Witherspoon . The star proved that the holiday is n't all candy hearts and gooey Instagram posts of people kissing their boyfriend – it 's also a great opportunity to celebrate the ladies you love . And they did that by sending celebrity pals including January Jones and Jessica Alba some holiday-appropriate pieces from their own line , Draper James . ( Like we said : We should all be lucky enough to have Valentines like Reese Witherspoon – especially if they can get you the hookup on the best pieces from their own clothing collections ! )
RELATED PHOTOS : Reese Witherspoon 's Best Style Tips !
So what did their A-list pals unwrap on Valentine 's Day this year ? A Draper James box covered in on-theme “ You Rock ” wrapping paper and filled with some fun goodies . January Instagrammed their haul ( above ) , which included the $ 150 striped “ Cloister ” top , the $ 18 “ You Are Loved ” trinket tray , and the $ 58 heart-shaped change purse – which all came with a personalized “ Hug Me ” valentine from the Oscar-winning Southern belle herself .
And because they know that BFFs are n't one-size-fits-all , they sent a similar package to their pal Jessica Alba with another sweet note , plus a handpicked $ 175 “ Bellamy ” floral top which we can totally see Alba pairing with flares and wedges soon .
Not on Witherspoon 's mailing list yet ? Luckily they curated a Valentine 's Day gift guide for you to send to someone special – and when you unwrap your own blue Draper James box in a week or so , you can pretend it came straight from the crafting and wrapping paper room of the star herself .
A procession of vessels left Biloxi Bay on Friday afternoon ahead of Tropical Storm Nate , which is expected to make landfall this weekend .
One-by-one , the pleasure crafts , charter boats and shrimp trawlers cruised under the Popp 's Ferry Bridge headed to safe harbors .
The cities of Biloxi , Pass Christian , Long Beach , and D'Iberville have ordered all boat owners to move their vessels from public harbors . With the expected storm surge , these vessels are vulnerable to damage from Nate .
According to the city , nearly 300 vessels in Biloxi 's four public harbors and marinas are expected to cause traffic delays at Popp 's Ferry Bridge .
Officials said maritime law mandates bridge tenders to open spans for marine traffic .
The WLOX weather team is keeping a close eye on the threat of severe weather . Download the WLOX First Alert Weather app or visit wlox.com/weather for the latest updates , and click here to view the WLOX Hurricane Center .
Copyright 2017 WLOX . All rights reserved .
LONDON May 2 European shares kicked off the first trading day of May with gains underpinned by healthy corporate earnings .
Financials and energy stocks provided the biggest boost to the pan-European STOXX 600 which was up 0.1 percent . French bluechips held near decade highs while Germany 's DAX hovered near a record .
Across Europe , 31 percent of companies had reported results , and 74 percent beat analysts ' estimates while 18 percent missed , according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S .
British oil major BP gained 2.9 percent after its first-quarter profits tripled , thanks to higher oil prices and production .
It fueled a 0.5 percent rise in Europe 's oil and gas sector index , which handily outperformed other sectors . Banks were up 0.3 percent .
Fund manager Aberdeen gained 2.9 percent after its first-half results added to signs of fight back from active fund managers against the passive tracker funds eroding their market share .
The pace of outflows from Aberdeen 's funds slowed slightly and revenues rose 10.6 percent thanks to market gains and cost cuts .
Shares in online food delivery company Ocado jumped up to 8.9 percent . Traders cited a report of a delivery tie-up with supermarket M & S . Ocado 's shares are among the most-heavily shorted in the UK .
Among fallers , Swedish polymer producer Hexpol dropped 7.6 percent after broker Kepler Cheuvreux cut the stock to 'hold ' from 'buy ' , saying that after a recent rally the company 's shares now reflected expected growth .
Airport retailer Dufry slipped 5 percent after its results . The company reported first-quarter organic growth of 7.2 percent , but traders cited weaker than expected earnings and cash flow . ( Reporting by Helen Reid , Editing by Vikram Subhedar )
MONTREAL — Defenceman Victor Mete has been loaned by the Montreal Canadiens to Canada 's national junior hockey team a day before its selection camp for the upcoming world championships begins . Mete is one of six Canadian junior-eligible players in the National Hockey League this season . They are the first to be made available to Canada 's junior team . Columbus centre Pierre-Luc Dubois , Arizona defenceman Jakob Chychrun , Philadelphia centre Nolan Patrick and Colorado Avalanche defenceman Samuel Girard and centre Tyson Jost are the other eligible players . Mete has four assists and a plus-5 rating in 27 games with the Canadiens this season . The 19-year-old Woodbridge , Ont. , native averaged 14:52 of ice time per game . Mete was a fourth-round pick for Montreal , 100th overall , in the 2016 NHL entry draft .
NBA
Celtics ' Irving out for Bulls game with bruised quad
CHICAGO — Boston Celtics star guard Kyrie Irving sat out Monday night 's National Basketball Association game against the Chicago Bulls because of a bruised left quadriceps . Acquired for Isaiah Thomas in a huge off-season trade with Cleveland , Irving is averaging a team-leading 23.7 points . The four-time all-star took a knee to the quad in Sunday 's win at Detroit and finished with 16 points on just 4-for-12 shooting .
NHL
Schenn , Allen and Elliott are three stars of week
NEW YORK — St. Louis Blues centre Brayden Schenn was named the National Hockey League 's first star Monday ahead of goalie and teammate Jake Allen and Philadelphia Flyers goaltender Brian Elliott . Schenn led the NHL with six goals and an assist to power the Blues ( 21-8-2 ) to four wins and the top of the Western Conference standings . Allen went 4-0-0 with a 1.50 goals-against average , .944 save percentage and one shutout to guide the Blues to their third four-game winning streak of the season . Elliott posted a trio of victories — along with a 1.67 GAA and a .954 save percentage — to help the Flyers ( 11-11-7 ) bounce back from a 10-game skid ( 0-5-5 ) and complete a perfect road trip through Western Canada .
NHL
Baertschi out up to six weeks with fractured jaw
VANCOUVER — The Vancouver Canucks say Sven Baertschi has suffered a fractured jaw and will be out four to six weeks . The Swiss forward was hurt when they were hit in the face by a puck in Vancouver 's 4-2 National Hockey League loss at Calgary on Saturday . The Canucks said on Twitter that Baertschi will not need to have surgery . Baertschi has eight goals and 10 assists in 30 games this season . They are the second Canucks forward to suffer a long-term injury in the past week . Bo Horvat suffered a fractured foot in Vancouver 's 3-0 win over Carolina on Tuesday and will miss up to six weeks .
NBA
Spurs list Leonard as probable for Tuesday
DALLAS — San Antonio 's Kawhi Leonard is expected to make their National Basketball Association season debut Tuesday when the Spurs visit Dallas . Leonard has missed all 27 of the Spurs ' games this season while recovering from right quadriceps tendinopathy , a condition that causes pain and weakness in the knee . Leonard last played in Game 1 of last season 's Western Conference final . They hurt their left ankle in the opener of that series against Golden State , turning it while trying to land after a jump shot and coming down on the foot of Warriors centre Zaza Pachulia . The Spurs are listing Leonard as probable . Even without Leonard , who averaged a career-best 25.5 points last season and is a two-time defensive player of the year , the Spurs are 19-8 this season and third in the Western Conference .
BASEBALL
Stallard , who gave up Maris 's 61 { +s } t homer , dies at 80
COEBURN , Va. — Tracy Stallard , the pitcher who gave up Roger Maris 's record 61 { +s } t home run in 1961 , has died . They were 80 . The Sturgill Funeral Home in Coeburn , Va. , said Monday that Stallard died Wednesday at the Holston Valley Medical Center in Kingsport , Tenn . They were on the mound for Boston in '61 when Maris broke the single-season record that Babe Ruth had held since '27 . The record stayed until '98 . Stallard went 30-57 with a 4.17 career ERA while pitching for the Boston Red Sox ( '60-62 ) , New York Mets ( '63-64 ) and St. Louis Cardinals ( '65-66 ) .
BASEBALL
Reliever Neshek reportedly rejoins Phillies
LAKE BUENA VISTA , Fla. — A person familiar with the deal says free-agent relief pitcher Pat Neshek is returning to the Philadelphia Phillies . Neshek will get a $ 16.5-million , two-year contact pending a successful physical . The 37-year-old Neshek was an all-star last year in their first season in Philadelphia . The Phillies then traded them to playoff-contending Colorado in late July for three prospects . The side-slinging righty was a combined 5-3 with one save and a 1.59 ERA in 71 games . They had a 1.12 ERA in 43 games for the last-place Phillies . Neshek has played 11 seasons in Major League Baseball , also pitching for Minnesota , San Diego , Oakland , St. Louis and Houston .
News services
× Obama to deliver farewell address to nation on January 10
HONOLULU , Hawaii ( CNN ) — President Barack Obama will deliver their farewell address to the nation on January 10 from their home city of Chicago , the president announced in a statement Monday .
“ I 'm thinking about them as a chance to say thank you for this amazing journey , to celebrate the ways you 've changed this country for the better these past eight years , and to offer some thoughts on where we all go from here , ” Obama wrote .
Obama said they were following the precedent set by George Washington , who penned a farewell address to the American people over 220 years ago .
George W. Bush also delivered a farewell address in 2009 from the White House .
“ Since 2009 , we 've faced our fair share of challenges , and come through them stronger , ” Obama wrote Monday .
“ That 's because we have never let go of a belief that has guided us ever since our founding — our conviction that , together , we can change this country for the better . ”
Obama has said that while they wo n't weigh in on every issue once they are out of the White House , they would consider speaking up about issues that go to “ core questions ” about American values and ideals .
Chicago is where Obama got their start in politics after graduating from Harvard Law School and where the first family called home before moving to the White House . Obama 's presidential library will also be located in Chicago .
The Eagles and the Patriots wo n't be the only battle going on Sunday at Super Bowl LII .
Pink , who will be singing the “ The Star Spangled Banner ” in Minneapolis , Minnesota , ahead of the big game will be battling the flu .
The 38-year-old star revealed the news on Instagram Saturday morning , in the caption to a photo of themselves at rehearsals .
“ Trying to practice the flu away , ” they wrote , explaining that their 6½-year-old daughter Willow Sage and 13-month-old son Jameson Moon were to blame for their sickness while lamenting about my disappointment .
“ I 've been waiting to sing this song since 1991 when I saw my idol , Whitney Houston , own this song . And now , my chance has finally come . And it just so happens that this chance comes when I have two small Petri dish kids who literally cough INTO MY MOUTH and rub their snot on my cheek . You ca n't write this stuff I swear ! ” they said .
Pink Pink/Instagram
“ And here we are . I 've arrived at another one of my dreams which is slowly becoming a sort of nightmare , ” they continued . “ I will tell you , this is one of the biggest honors of my life , singing this song in front of my family , my military family , my dad and brother and step mama and family and the world . And the EAGLES ! ? ! ? ! I promise I will do my best , as I always do . ”
While they blamed their kids for getting their sick , Pink made it clear they are n't holding a grudge . “ As far as the gremlins that got me into this mess , you can cough at me for the rest of your lives , ” they said . “ If it 's a contest , babies , you win . # spreadthelove # spreadthegerms # pleasegivememyvoiceback # ificansingimgonnakillit ”
RELATED : Pink Slams Grammy President 's ‘ Women Need to Step Up ' Remark : We ‘ Owned Music This Year '
Pink joins the ranks of Luke Bryan , Lady Gaga , Idina Menzel , Kelly Clarkson and Alicia Keys , who have all performed “ The Star-Spangled Banner ” ahead of kick-off in recent years .
Before the NFL confirmed their role in January , the singer had fun teasing their fans on Twitter .
“ I 'm really looking forward to 2018 , ” they wrote . “ I 'm really excited about the Grammys . Tour . Some other stuff that 's a secret still and I ca n't wait til it 's not a secret . ”
Super Bowl LII will be played Sunday at the U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis , Minnesota , and will air live on NBC .
`` Do n't look like it , '' Lue said . `` We had no fight . I thought they took the game to us on both ends . ''
James finished with just 11 points and did n't play in the fourth quarter as the Rockets were too far ahead . Isaiah Thomas scored 12 for Cleveland .
Somber would n't even describe the mood in the Cavaliers ' locker room , where players dressed quietly without any conversation .
`` Another embarrassing loss , '' Thomas said . `` Something got ta change . I do n't know . It was bad from the jump . I do n't want to comment too much on it . I need to watch film to see what really went down . It was n't a good one for us on both ends . ''
The Cavs played their second game without injured All-Star forward Kevin Love , who could be out two months with a broken left hand suffered earlier this week .
Love 's injury hurts , obviously , but there are far bigger issues with a Cleveland team that has lost 12 of 18 and appears to be tearing apart at the seams .
With the Rockets up 35 in the third quarter , the Cavs did n't even bother to huddle during a timeout . Thomas and J.R. Smith sat at the middle of the scorer 's table while James and other players wandered near the bench area as Lue and their staff tried to figure what to do next .
James does n't have any answers . The three-time champion said the situation is reminiscent of their first season with Miami . The Heat started 9-8 but finally found their groove .
James is n't so sure the Cavs can do the same .
`` When you have an opportunity , you do your job and you do it to the highest of your ability and you live with those results . We do n't do that every day . ''
One of James ' closest friends , Paul is n't writing the Cavs off just yet .
`` You got LeBron James over there in that locker room , '' they said . `` What else does the man need to do ? I 'm a little biased , but what else do they need to do ? If you all do n't believe in him , you 're all trippin ' . ''
The Cavs actually did a decent job on Harden , who recorded the first 60-point triple-double earlier in the week against Orlando . Harden went just 5 of 14 from the field .
Down 26 at halftime , James and the Cavs walked off the floor hearing boos from Cleveland fans who have grown tired of their lack of defence , chemistry and commitment .
With the trade deadline on Thursday , Cleveland might need to make a major move to have any chance of getting back to its fourth straight Finals . This group is n't getting it done .
`` Our mindset has to change — what we 're really playing for , '' Lue said . `` Are we playing to win or are we playing to look good ? We have to be tougher . When things get tough we have to be tougher . ''
TIP-INS
Rockets : Harden , who went 1 for 11 on 3s , tweaked their ankle in the third quarter , but stayed in . ... Paul passed Andre Miller ( 8,624 ) for ninth place on the career assists list . ... G Eric Gordon ( lower back stiffness ) missed their second consecutive game , but coach Mike D'Antoni expects the team 's second-leading scorer to play Tuesday in Brooklyn .
Cavaliers : Love met with reporters before the game and acknowledged he 's `` still down '' after suffering their third broken hand in 10 seasons . They said the previous two times they recovered more quickly than expected . ... Dwyane Wade passed Payton ( 21,813 ) points and moved into 32nd place on the career list .
ROCKET LAUNCHERS
D'Antoni felt their team gained confidence after hitting several early 3-pointers .
`` It makes it easier , '' they said . `` Once you see the ball go in a couple of times everybody gets feeling good about it . ''
Houston finished 19 of 51 behind the line .
UP NEXT
Rockets : Visit Brooklyn on Tuesday .
Cavaliers : At Orlando on Tuesday .
By Tom Withers , The Associated Press
People have called it the dumbest thing ever heard on radio… Which is why we do it every morning at 6:05 am . It 's Shockcollar Question of the Day ! Answer the trivia question correctly , and you do n't get shocked . But if you get it wrong , you WILL suffer the consequences .
WESTERVILLE , Ohio ( WCMH ) — Oh , deer ! The Westerville , Ohio , police caught some pretty intense video responding to a fight in progress call .
Video captured by a Westerville police officer 's dash cam shows two deer fighting in the street .
As the officer comes around the corner , the deer can be seen running into the street before raising their hooves in combat .
The two then quickly run into the woods and off screen .
No information was available if either deer was arrested in the incident .
Country music 's power couple is back !
On Friday , Tim McGraw and Faith Hill announced their latest project — a joint album with a romantic single titled The Rest of Our Life .
“ Our first album together is going to be here Nov. 17 ! ” Hill , 50 , tweeted . “ New single & video for ‘ The Rest Of Our Life is out today . ”
McGraw , 50 , echoed the statement in their own tweet , writing , “ Excited to announce our new album and new single … Thanx for being a part of our journey . ”
Along with the announcements , the married singers shared a snippet of the sweet title track along with a new video . The clip showed the couple in romantic poses before cutting to the single 's cover art , which featured Hill and McGraw laying face-to-face .
Our first album together is going to be here Nov. 17th ! New single & video for `` The Rest Of Our Life '' is out today . https : //t.co/T5Iu8ur0oG pic.twitter.com/JQULpqA7SD — Faith Hill ( @ FaithHill ) October 6 , 2017
Although the project marks the couple 's first joint album , Hill and McGraw have made music together before .
Earlier this year , the stars wrote and performed “ Keep Your Eyes on Me , ” for the film The Shack .
RELATED VIDEO : ‘ On the Record : P ! nk — Beautiful Trauma ' Exclusive Clip
Now , the 11-track album is set to be released the same day their concert special Tim & Faith , Soul2Soul will air on Showtime . The title track for the project was co-written by Ed Sheeran , Amy Wadge , Johnny McDaid and Steve Mac .
The song is expected to hit the radio on Friday .
WASHINGTON , April 6 The Trump administration and the Japanese government are in discussions to ensure that the bankruptcy of Toshiba Corp 's U.S. unit Westinghouse Electric Co does not lead to U.S. technology secrets and infrastructure falling into Chinese hands , a U.S. official said on Thursday .
Westinghouse filed for bankruptcy last month hit by billions of dollars of cost overruns at four nuclear reactors under construction in the U.S. Southeast .
The bankruptcy is likely to lead to the eventual sale of Westinghouse 's nuclear business and Chinese interests have been seen as possible buyers , given the chance .
`` It 's is a real concern ; they 've wanted to get their hands on power grid and nuclear infrastructure for a long time , '' an official in the U.S. administration told Reuters as China 's President Xi Jinping arrived in the United States on Thursday for a first summit with President Donald Trump .
`` You go into a situation like the Toshiba situation where there 's financial chaos . There 's a chance that things can happen in a way that 's dangerous . ''
Some nuclear technologies are dual use , meaning they can be used for civilian and military purposes .
The official , who spoke on condition of anonymity , said conversations were going on between the U.S. and Japanese governments `` on ways to mitigate a potential sale . ''
`` There are ways that are being looked at , both formally and informally , to make sure there is no threat to critical infrastructure , '' the official said .
An inter-agency body of the U.S. government known as the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States ( CFIUS ) and its Japanese equivalent review the national security implications of foreign investments in firms .
South Korea 's State-controlled Korea Electric Power Corp ( KEPCO ) has been considered the likeliest potential buyer for Westinghouse .
Like Japan , South Korea is a security ally of the United States , while China is a fast-growing strategic rival . ( Reporting by David Brunnstrom and Matt Spetalnick ; Editing by James Dalgleish )
0 Want to lose weight ? Give your breakfast an energy boost , study says
Changing up your breakfast menu to include more high-energy foods may help you lose weight , improve your diabetes and decrease the need for insulin .
> > Read more trending news
That 's according to new research from Israel recently published in the medical journal the Endocrine Society . Scientists followed 11 women and 18 men with obesity and Type 2 diabetes for three months .
During the study , the participants were randomly assigned to consume one of two weight-loss diets . Each diet contained the same daily calorie intake .
Participants in the first group ( Bdiet ) ate three meals : a large breakfast , medium-sized lunch and small dinner . Those in the second group ( 6Mdiet ) consumed six small meals evenly spaced throughout the day , a diet often recommended for traditional diabetes management and weight loss .
Researchers examined participants ' overall glucose levels for 14 days at baseline , during the first two weeks on a diet and at the end of the study .
After three months , they found that participants in the Bdiet group lost 11 pounds . Those in the 6Mdiet group actually averaged a 3-pound gain after three months .
> > On AJC.com : The truth about the Quick Weight Loss program
Researchers also noted that members of the Bdiet group needed significantly less insulin and had significantly fewer carbohydrate cravings compared to the 6Mdiet group .
Additionally , just two weeks into the study , the scientists noticed a significant reduction of overall glycemia on the Bdiet when participants had nearly the same weight as at baseline . This suggested that “ a diet with adequate meal timing and frequency has a pivotal role in glucose control and weight loss , ” lead study author Daniela Jakubowicz , a professor of medicine at Israel 's Tel Aviv University , said in a news release .
> > Related : These are the best diets for 2018
`` This study shows that , in obese insulin-treated type 2 diabetes patients , a diet with three meals per day , consisting of a big breakfast , average lunch and small dinner , had many rapid and positive effects compared to the traditional diet with six small meals evenly distributed throughout the day : better weight loss , less hunger and better diabetes control while using less insulin , '' Jakubowicz said .
`` The hour of the day — when you eat and how frequently you eat — is more important than what you eat and how many calories you eat , '' they added . `` Our body metabolism changes throughout the day . A slice of bread consumed at breakfast leads to a lower glucose response and is less fattening than an identical slice of bread consumed in the evening . ''
> > On AJC.com : The questions you were too afraid to ask about healthy eating
In 2016 , Jakubowicz and their team of researchers also concluded that a large whey protein breakfast may help people manage Type 2 diabetes .
“ The whey protein diet significantly suppresses the hunger hormone ‘ ghrelin . ' A whey protein drink is easily prepared and provides the advantages of a high-protein breakfast on weight loss , reduction of hunger , glucose spikes and HbA1c , ” Jakubowicz said .
Other items to include in a high-energy breakfast , according to Harvard Health : high-fiber , whole-grain cereals and breads , steel-cut oatmeal , Greek yogurt or salmon .
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
A bride and groom headed to Costa Rica for their wedding got kicked off a United flight set to leave Texas on Saturday afternoon .
The couple , along with their friends , was flying from Salt Lake City and stopped for a layover in Houston , where they were scheduled to board United Airlines Flight 1737 headed from Houston ( IAH ) to Liberia , Costa Rica ( LIR ) , KHOU reported .
Michael Hohl said they and their fiancée , Amber , were the last to board the plane when they noticed a man spread out across their entire assigned row napping .
Hohl said they decided not to wake the man and instead sit three rows up from their assigned seats . They said they did not think it would matter because the flight had multiple empty rows .
“ We thought not a big deal , it 's not like we are trying to jump up into a first-class seat , ” said Hohl. “ We were simply in an economy row a few rows above our economy seat . ”
Once they sat down , a flight attendant approached them and asked if they were in their ticketed seats . The couple said they were not and asked if they could get an upgrade instead .
The flight attendant reportedly told the couple that they needed to return to their assigned seats .
Hohl said after they complied with the flight attendant 's order , a U.S . Marshal came onto the plane and asked them to disembark .
The couple cooperated and left the plane , but they are baffled as to why they were asked to leave in the first place .
“ They said that we were being disorderly and a hazard to the rest of the flight , to the safety of the other customers , ” said Hohl .
United Airlines claims the couple “ repeatedly ” tried to sit in an upgraded seat without paying for it and that the couple failed to “ follow crew instructions . ”
The couple rebooked their flight for the next morning , but Hohl said they will not be flying United again after their experience .
“ I think customer service and the airlines has gone real downhill , ” said Hohl . “ The way United Airlines handled this was really absurd . ”
The couple 's wedding is still planned for Thursday .
United Airlines has made headlines recently after a video showing a doctor violently dragged off a flight by authorities for refusing to give up their seat went viral .
The video generated so much outrage , President Trump denounced the incident , numerous celebrities slammed United Airlines on social media , and nearly 20,000 individuals signed a petition asking United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz to resign as a result .
April 12 Commercial Vehicle Group Inc :
* Commercial Vehicle Group announces the successful refinancing of its senior notes
* Commercial Vehicle Group Inc-entered into third amended and restated loan and security agreement extending and upsizing its revolving credit facility
* Commercial Vehicle Group Inc-agreement upsizing revolving credit facility to $ 65 million from $ 40 million , extends maturity date to April 2022 from April 2018 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Flanked by their wife and daughters , U.S. senator Ted Cruz of Texas three years ago stepped onto the stage of Liberty University and launched what was then a long-shot run for the Republican presidential nomination . Cruz opened their speech with biographical material and a testimony to their Christian faith . Then they recited a litany of conservative ideas for restraining government , not the least of which was “ Instead of a government that seizes your e-mails and your cell phones , imagine a federal government that protected the privacy rights of every American . ”
Now , Cruz may have to face the possibility that their presidential campaign was—at least tangentially—involved in violating the privacy rights of millions of Americans by employing a voter-profiling company that scraped personal information off of Facebook . That firm is Cambridge Analytica , which provided the Cruz campaign with “ psychographic ” profiles that allowed them to target their messaging to individual voters , helping them to win the 2015 Iowa caucuses in 2016 . That victory made Cruz a player in the crowded field of Republican presidential candidates .
This weekend , the New York Times reported that Cambridge Analytica harvested the profiles of 50 million Americans without their permission . Contracting with the firm might have also violated a federal law that prohibits foreign companies from working in U.S. federal elections , the Times reported . While the story concentrated on President Trump 's use of the firm in the second half of the 2016 election , most of the questionable activities by Cambridge Analytica occurred during the 2014–16 time frame , when the firm was employed by the Cruz campaign to provide data .
The primary investor in Cambridge Analytica is computer programmer and hedge fund manager Robert Mercer , who donated $ 11 million to one of Cruz 's super PACs in the presidential contest . After Cruz dropped out of the race in July 2016 , Mercer and Cambridge Analytica shifted to the presidential campaign of eventual winner Donald Trump .
The company uses “ psychographic ” profiling to identify how to target campaign messages to specific voters . By using social media profiles and messaging , Cambridge Analytica could build a psychological profile of voters so campaigns could hone message marketing .
The Times reported that Cambridge Analytica “ was effectively a shell company ” operating in the United States while serviced by London-based SCL Group and overseen by Alexander Nix , a British citizen . In 2014 , an American election lawyer warned company executives that the arrangement could violate laws limiting the involvement of foreign nationals in U.S. elections , according to the Times .
In a speech delivered to a New York audience in September 2016 , Nix took credit for Cruz 's Iowa victory . “ It is easy to forget that only 18 months ago Senator Cruz was one of the less popular candidates and certainly one of the more vilified , ” Nix said . Projected behind them on the stage was the quote from U.S . Senator Lindsey Graham , “ If you killed Ted Cruz on the floor of the Senate , and the trial was in the Senate , nobody would convict you. ” ( Graham has since apologized to Cruz for that statement . )
Cruz 's campaign paid Cambridge Analytica more than $ 5.8 million for its services in 2016 . In the video below , Nix explains to the Concordia Summit how they believed their company turned Cruz into a potential Republican presidential nominee .
Shortly after losing the Republican nomination to Trump , Cruz cut their ties to Cambridge Analytica . But with investigations launched into the company on both sides of the Atlantic and with congressional hearings a possibility , those 2014–16 ties to Cambridge Analytica could haunt Cruz in their campaign for reelection and the challenge brought by Democrat Beto O'Rourke . As of publication , Cruz aides have not responded to our requests for comment .
North Carolina man accused in assault on Uber driver
CHARLOTTE , N.C. ( AP ) — A man identified by police in North Carolina as a registered sex offender has been charged in connection with an assault on an Uber driver .
Charlotte-Mecklenburg police say the female driver told officers they picked up a man last Saturday morning . They said while they were driving to the destination , the man began to sexually assault them
A news release from police said the suspect told the driver to stop at a location , where they were raped .
Police arrested 21-year-old Jonathan Aquante Neal near a street corner in downtown Charlotte Tuesday . Neal is charged with second-degree sexual assault , second-degree sexual offense and sexual battery .
Neal was listed as a registered sex offender on the North Carolina Sex Offender Registry as of April 17 .
LOS ANGELES — James Harden scored 36 points as the Houston Rockets moved to the brink of a Western Conference first round playoff series victory with a 119-100 rout of the Minnesota Timberwolves on Monday .
Harden underscored their status as front-runner for the NBA 's Most Valuable Player award after leading a stunning third quarter performance that saw the Rockets explode for an astonishing 50 points .
That devastating burst of scoring — a franchise record — included 22 points from Harden as the Rockets transformed what had been a one-point contest at half-time into a comfortable victory .
The win gives Houston a 3-1 lead in the best-of-seven series , giving the Western Conference leaders a chance to clinch their place in the second round of the playoffs with a victory at home in game five on Wednesday .
The smart money will be on Houston to wrap up the series quickly after Monday 's demolition job at Minnesota 's Target Center arena .
While Harden 's virtuoso third quarter performance ultimately decided the contest , the Rockets will also take heart from an offensive display that saw five players finish with double-digit points tallies .
Point guard Chris Paul weighed in with 25 points — including 15 in the lop-sided third quarter — while Eric Gordon had 18 and Trevor Ariza 15 .
Center Clint Capela finished with 14 points , and also pulled down 17 rebounds during their 31 minutes on court .
The Timberwolves ' scoring was led by Karl-Anthony Towns with 22 points , while Jimmy Butler ( 19 ) and Derrick Rose ( 17 ) also made significant contributions .
Minnesota had looked capable of snaring a series-leveling victory after a close first half , in which the Rockets take a slender 50-49 lead at the break .
But Houston 's scorching 50-point third quarter saw the Rockets head into the fourth quarter with a 100-69 lead .
While Minnesota closed the gap as Houston eased up , the Rockets never looked like surrendering the initiative , keeping the Timberwolves at arm 's length as they closed out the win . — AFP
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
Every love story is unique , and Nico Tortorella and their new bride Bethany Meyers ' is no different .
After 11 years together , the actor — who is sexually fluid — and fitness and lifestyle entrepreneur — who identifies as gay — wed on March 9 in an intimate courthouse ceremony , the Younger star announced Saturday on Instagram .
“ Just married . For real , ” Tortorella , 29 , wrote alongside a series of photos of their wedding day , adding that the couple had written about their story for LGBTQ publication them .
For their special day , they wore “ genderblending ensembles ” that incorporated both dresses and pants because as the actor wrote in the publication , “ in this relationship , we both wear the pants and the dress . ”
In honor of their non-traditional romance , here 's a look back ( including old photos ! ) at what the couple has said about their polyamorous relationship of 11 years .
During an interview with Access Hollywood Live , the Younger star opened up about what the label — or lack thereof — of sexual fluidity means to him .
“ It means I do whatever I want whenever I want it , ” they said . “ And I do n't really have a problem with it ! ”
Tortorella said he 's always taken this unrestricted approach to sexuality .
“ I think we just kind of have to take the weight off of it a little bit , ” they said . “ Look , it 's 2016 , we live in a beautiful country . There 's a lot of crazy stuff happening , but I still love where we live . And I think that everybody has the right to do what they want and be the person they want to be — as long as it 's effecting positive change in the world . ”
“ It 's an open conversation with people in my life , some who I 've been in relationships with , some who I look up to in a lot of different ways , ” Tortorella said about their podcast , The Love Bomb . “ We 're just having conversations about love , sexuality , relationships , gender identity and how everybody is an individual . ”
“ I think the way I use the word fluidity is like fluid in everything , fluid in train of thought , ” Tortorella said . “ It does n't always have to be one thing . The one thing anybody can talk about , no matter race , religion , sexuality or gender , is love . ”
“ We 're family , ” said Tortorella , who , alongside Meyers , did not use the “ boyfriend ” or “ girlfriend ” labels .
Meyers admitted that navigating their relationship has n't always been easy — especially when trying to figure out how other romantic partners factor in .
“ I think we 're raised with this idea that you 're supposed to go and find ‘ the one , ' especially women , ” Meyers explained . “ You 're looking for your Prince Charming . You need to be proposed to . There 's this one person you 're searching to find , so the idea of finding a stability partner , and having other things on top of that , feels too messy . ”
On the premiere of Personal Space , Bravo 's six-episode digital talk show about romance , relatives and relationships , Tortorella defended their polyamorous sexual identity .
“ I 'm not in an open relationship so I can go out and just f— whoever I want , ” Tortotella explained in a September 2017 Bravo clip . “ For me , it 's more about the ability to emotionally connect with people outside of my primary partner . ”
Meyers , who identifies as a lesbian , has said Tortorella is the only man they could imagine being with , and he 's been linked to actores Sara Paxton and Olesya Rulin in the past .
In the September 2017 issue of The Advocate , Tortorella opened up about the physical aspect of their relationship . “ For me , sex is such an explosive exchange of energy between two people that if you 're not connected , energetically , before you have sex , it can be damaging , ” Tortorella said about popular dating apps that have created a hookup culture .
“ I totally understand people who want to have casual sex , ” they added . “ I think what you have to do in this scenario is stay in your lane . Find people who want similar things — physically , energetically , and emotionally . ”
While Tortorella and Meyers do n't seek to put labels on themselves or each other , they say they understand the world 's need for them .
“ I can be emotionally , physically attracted to men , ” they said . “ I can be emotionally , physically attracted to women . The ‘ B ' in LGBTQ-plus has been fought for , for so long . I 'm not going to be the person that 's like , ‘ No , I need a ‘ P , ' I need another letter ! ' I stand by people that have paved this way for somebody like me . ”
TORONTO , March 30 An Ontario court judge on Thursday approved the sale of a downtown Toronto hotel and condominium high-rise bearing U.S. President Donald Trump 's name to the tower 's main debt holder , according to documents posted on the receiver 's website .
The court-run sale of Trump International Hotel & Tower had received no bids apart from a stalking horse offer of C $ 298 million by JCF Capital ULC , which bought the C $ 301 million ( $ 226.11 million ) owed on the tower 's construction loan last fall .
The court process only indirectly involves Trump , whose sprawling business empire licenses its brand and manages the Toronto property on behalf of the developer , Talon International Inc .
Representatives for JCF and Talon could not be immediately reached for comment .
( $ 1 = 1.3312 Canadian dollars ) ( Reporting by Solarina Ho ; Editing by Richard Chang )
0 A few glasses of wine a day can keep your brain ‘ clean , ' study says
Love mellowing out with a few sips of wine occasionally ? Drinking a couple of glasses can help clean the toxins from your brain , according to a new report .
> > Read more trending news
Researchers from the University of Rochester Medical Center recently conducted an experiment , published in Scientific Reports , to determine how ethanol affects the central nervous system .
To do so , they examined mice and exposed them both to “ acute and chronic alcohol , ” the authors wrote . They first gave the animals high levels of alcohol and studied their brains over a long period of time . After analyzing the results , they found inflammation , particularly in cells that work with the glymphatic system . It 's responsible for clearing out waste sometimes associated with Alzheimer 's disease and other forms of dementia . Additionally , they discovered the mice 's cognitive and motor abilities were impaired .
> > Related : Hard liquor makes you feel differently than wine , study says
Next they served the mice low levels of alcohol , which is the equivalent of two and a half drinks per day . When they observed their brains again , they saw less inflammation and noticed the glymphatic system was more efficient .
`` Prolonged intake of excessive amounts of ethanol is known to have adverse effects on the central nervous system , '' coauthor Maiken Nedergaard said in a statement . `` However , in this study we have shown for the first time that low doses of alcohol are potentially beneficial to brain health , namely it improves the brain 's ability to remove waste . ''
In wine , there 's health : Low levels of alcohol appear to be good for the brain https : //t.co/ExPzDotbCQ via @ medical_xpress @ UofR pic.twitter.com/EZQifmiwNj — SMARTMD ( @ SMART_MD ) February 2 , 2018
They believe their results add to the pool of studies that have already explored the risks and health benefits linked to alcohol , and they hope to further their investigations .
> > Related : Just one drink a day can increase your risk of cancer , study
“ Studies have shown that low-to-moderate alcohol intake is associated with a lesser risk of dementia , while heavy drinking for many years confers an increased risk of cognitive decline , ” said Nedergaard . “ This study may help explain why this occurs . Specifically , low doses of alcohol appear to improve overall brain health . ”
> > Related : How much alcohol is too much ?
A glass of wine after work may be good for your brain , according to science - CNBC https : //t.co/Bks7i7FODT # health — Health News ( @ quantumbiology_ ) February 2 , 2018
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
City ranks with the best in UK 's tech top 10
MILTON Keynes has been ranked eighth in the UK - equal with Oxford - in the latest UK Tech Innovation index .
The index , published by the Open Data Institute and the Digital Catapult , measures current activity and potential for innovation in seven technology sectors in 36 UK cities .
It looks at tech events , scientific publications and data on local skills , business start-up rates , and research and development spending , to show where British innovation is flourishing . The index aims to help business and government in their decision-making around investment and growth .
Milton Keynes ranks even higher in the ‘ data ' category - sixth in the country and ahead of Oxford , Cambridge and other cities well known for their technology excellence .
Miltpn Keynes Council leader Cllr Pete Marland pictured said : “ Yet again Milton Keynes ' potential is recognised at a national level by independent experts . MK 's smart city credentials are enviable , from driverless pods to the Internet of Things , which uses smart data to make everyday tasks easier . ”
The council is a lead partner in the MK : Smart consortium and Cllr Marland recently signed a Memorandum of Understanding with global tech giants Huawei to continue to develop modern , innovative ways of making people 's lives better .
“ It is just one way we will keep Milton Keynes at the forefront of smart thinking and job creation , ” they said .
14-08-2017
Acacia Mining says Tanzania output hit but annual targets unchanged
LONDON , June 15 Acacia Mining 's production of gold from Tanzania has been hit by an export ban but targets for the year remain unchanged at this stage , Chief Executive Brad Gordon said on Thursday .
The Vogtle Unit 3 , being constructed by primary contactor Westinghouse , a business unit of Toshiba , near Waynesboro , Georgia , U.S. is seen in an aerial photo taken March 2017 . Georgia Power/Handout via REUTERS
The Voglte Unit 3 nuclear island and turbine building are seen during their construction by primary contactor Westinghouse , a business unit of Toshiba , near Waynesboro , Georgia , U.S. in an undated handout photo . Georgia Power/Handout via REUTERS
The Vogtle Unit 3 and 4 sites , being constructed by primary contactor Westinghouse , a business unit of Toshiba , near Waynesboro , Georgia , U.S. is seen in an aerial photo taken February 2017 . Georgia Power/Handout via REUTERS
WILMINGTON , DEL./TOKYO Westinghouse Electric Co , a unit of Japanese conglomerate Toshiba Corp ( 6502.T ) , filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday , hit by billions of dollars of cost overruns at four nuclear reactors under construction in the U.S. Southeast .
The bankruptcy casts doubt on the future of the first new U.S. nuclear power plants in three decades , which were scheduled to begin producing power as soon as this week , but are now years behind schedule .
The four reactors are part of two projects known as V.C . Summer in South Carolina , which is majority owned by SCANA Corp ( SCG.N ) , and Vogtle in Georgia , which is owned by a group of utilities led by Southern Co ( SO.N ) .
Costs for the projects have soared due to increased safety demands by U.S. regulators , and also due to significantly higher-than-anticipated costs for labor , equipment and components .
Pittsburgh-based Westinghouse said it hopes to use bankruptcy to isolate and reorganize around its `` very profitable '' nuclear fuel and power plant servicing businesses from its money-losing construction operation .
Westinghouse said in a court filing it has secured $ 800 million in financing from Apollo Investment Corp ( AINV.O ) , an affiliate of Apollo Global Management ( APO.N ) , to fund its core businesses during its reorganization .
For Toshiba , the filing will help keep the crisis-hit parent company afloat as it lines up buyers for its memory chip business , which could fetch $ 18 billion . Toshiba said Westinghouse-related liabilities totalled $ 9.8 billion as of December .
Toshiba said it would guarantee up to $ 200 million of the financing for Westinghouse . Toshiba shares closed up 2.2 percent but have lost half their value since the nuclear problems surfaced late last year .
The Apollo loan needs court approval and is expected to carry Westinghouse for a year , people familiar with the matter said . The funds would support the company 's global operations , including its healthier services and maintenance businesses , and pay for construction workers on site in Georgia and South Carolina , the people said .
However , the money can not be used to repay the liabilities stemming from cost overruns and delays at the projects , the people said .
SCANA told investors on a conference call on Wednesday that 5,000 workers would continue working on its South Carolina site for 30 days while the company weighed options .
`` Our preferred option is to finish the plants . The least preferred option is abandonment , ” said SCANA CEO Kevin Marsh .
Southern Co said in a statement it would hold Westinghouse and Toshiba accountable for its contract .
State regulators have approved costs of around $ 14 billion for each project but Morgan Stanley has estimated the final bill of around $ 22 billion for the South Carolina project and around $ 19 billion for the Georgia plant .
POSSIBLE SALE
Westinghouse 's nuclear services business is expected to continue to perform profitably over the course of the bankruptcy and eventually be sold by Toshiba , people familiar with the matter said . They cautioned that the sale process will likely be highly complex and litigious .
The bankruptcy could embroil the U.S. and Japanese governments , given the scale of the collapse and the $ 8.3 billion in U.S. government loan guarantees that were provided to help finance the reactors .
The U.S. Department of Energy expects the parties to honor their commitments , said spokesperson Lindsey Geisler .
The Nuclear Regulatory Commission said it was inspecting the sites to ensure the facilities met the requirements of the licenses that were issued to units of Southern and SCANA .
Shares of SCANA were down 0.8 percent at $ 65.64 and Southern Co fell 0.4 percent to $ 49.90 in trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
NUCLEAR RENAISSANCE
When regulators in Georgia and South Carolina approved the construction of Westinghouse 's AP1000 reactors in 2009 , it was meant to be the start of renewed push to develop U.S. nuclear power .
However , a flood of cheap natural gas from shale , the lack of U.S. legislation to curb carbon emissions and the 2011 Fukushima nuclear accident in Japan dampened enthusiasm for nuclear power .
Toshiba had acquired Westinghouse in 2006 for $ 5.4 billion . It expected to build dozens of its new AP1000 reactors - which were hailed as safer , quicker to construct and more compact - creating a pipeline of work for its maintenance division .
NUCLEAR FALLOUT
Toshiba has said it expects to book a net loss of 1 trillion yen ( $ 9 billion ) for the fiscal year that ends Friday , one of the biggest annual losses in Japanese corporate history . Toshiba had earlier forecast a loss of 390 billion yen .
Toshiba will close the first round of bids for its chip business - the world 's second-biggest NAND chip producer - on Wednesday .
A source with knowledge of the issue said that about 10 potential bidders had shown interest , including Western Digital Corp ( WDC.O ) which operates a Japanese chip plant with Toshiba , rival Micron Technology Inc ( MU.O ) , South Korean chipmaker SK Hynix Inc ( 000660.KS ) and financial investors .
Toshiba CEO Satoshi Tsunakawa said offers for the unit are likely to allow Toshiba to maintain shareholder equity . Toshiba believes the unit will be worth at least 2 trillion yen ( $ 18 billion ) , they added .
The government-backed Innovation Network Corporation of Japan , and Development Bank of Japan are expected to enter later bidding rounds as part of a consortium , sources said .
A separate source said that Foxconn ( 2317.TW ) , the world 's largest contract electronics manufacturer , is expected to place an offer which is likely to be the highest bid . Other sources have said the Japanese government is likely to block a sale to Foxconn due to its deep ties with China .
( Reporting by Makiko Yamazaki and Tim Kelly in Tokyo and Tom Hals in Wilmington , Delaware ; Additional reporting by Kentaro Hamada , Yoshiyasu Shida , Taiga Uranaka , Hitoshi Ishida and Sam Nussey in Tokyo , Scott DiSavino and Jessica DiNapoli in New York , Tracy Rucinski in Chicago ; Writing by Naomi Tajitsu and Clara Ferreira Marques ; Editing by Noeleen Walder , Edwina Gibbs , Bernard Orr and Lisa Shumaker )
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
By Scott T. Sterling
Pop singer Rachel Platten is set to return with a new album , Waves , which will be released on Oct. 27 .
Related : Rachel Platten Debuts New Single ‘ Broken Glass '
“ I loved making this album , I 've never felt so free creatively , ” Platten revealed in a press statement . “ I wrote all of these songs without getting in the way , and I just let whatever needed to come through me just come . I worked out a lot of heavy stuff on some of the songs and cried on my piano at 3 a.m. some nights , but I also woke up some days and jumped into the ocean and felt amazing and just wanted to write songs I could dance to . This album is raw and it 's emotional , but it 's also fun and sweet and it 's real . It 's honestly just all of me and I am so damn proud of it . ”
Among the producers on Waves include OneRepublic 's Ryan Tedder and Stargate .
Check out the full tracklist for Platen 's new album below .
1 . Perfect For You
2 . Whole Heart
3 . Collide
4 . Keep Up
5 . Broken Glass
6 . Shivers
7 . Loose Ends
8 . Labels
9 . Loveback
10 . Hands
11 . Fooling You
12 . Good Life
13 . Grace
0 Sherra Wright 's bond set at $ 20 million
Sherra Wright 's bond was set at $ 20 million during a court appearance Wednesday morning . They are charged with the murder of their ex-husband , NBA star and Memphis basketball legend Lorenzen Wright .
FOX13 crews were inside and outside the courtroom .
Scroll to the bottom of the story to read up-to-the-minute courtroom updates .
Earlier this month , Sherra Wright and their co-defendant Billy Turner were in court for a bond hearing , but Wright 's appearance was brief . Them attorneys cited issues with character witnesses and their hearing was pushed back .
Turner moved to have their hearing and was eventually given a $ 15M bond .
During Turner 's hearing , the public learned bombshell information regarding the alleged murder plot to kill Lorenzen Wright .
A statement provided by an informant , Jimmie Martin , was read . Martin was convicted in the murder of their girlfriend in 2012 . They are currently serving 20 years in prison . They are also Sherra Wright 's cousin .
PREVIOUS STORIES :
The same statement was read Wednesday during Sherra 's bond hearing .
Jimmie Martin claims to be the third co-conspirator in the murder . Prosecutors said that Martin flipped on Sherra Wright and Billy Turner and told homicide detectives they had information related to Lorenzen 's killing .
In the statement , Martin detailed the alleged murder plot -- including a failed attempt in Atlanta , how Sherra got Lorenzen back to Memphis , clean-up of the crime scene and more .
RELATED : Sherra Wright 's cousin details murder plot in bombshell statement
FOX13 's Zach Crenshaw outlined Jimmy Martin 's entire statement .
Here 's the full `` affidavit '' being read in court right now . pic.twitter.com/YDWtUyiDIv — Zach Crenshaw ( @ ZachCFOX13 ) May 30 , 2018
During Wednesday 's bond hearing , prosecutors asked for a $ 10 million bond .
Sherra 's attorneys asked for a $ 100,000 bond and claimed prosecutor 's case was `` built on sand . '' Lorenzen 's family groaned at the request .
The judge later said there is a `` reasonable likelihood of conviction '' in the case .
They detailed incidents involving Sherra in jail , including an instance earlier this week .
Judge gives details about Sherra Wright issues at jail . “ She took off their clothes , stuffed the toilet to flood it and said I am going swimming y'all. ” Jail staff accuse them of being abusive and cursing at them and other inmates . pic.twitter.com/05IP6cr3P3 — Greg Coy ( @ GCoyFOX13 ) May 30 , 2018
The judge ultimately said Sherra Wright appears to be an ongoing danger to Shelby County , and they set their bond at $ 20 million .
# BREAKING SHERRA WRIGHT 'S BOND SET AT $ 20 MILLION .
Judge said their behavior yesterday - flooding their jail cell and threatening guards - played a big role in their decision to set a high bond . pic.twitter.com/GgiYNB1kUm — Zach Crenshaw ( @ ZachCFOX13 ) May 30 , 2018
Sherra 's attorneys said , based on their financial condition , bond could have been $ 200 million . They did n't think they would have been able to get out on bond today anyway , so it is now time to move on .
We will have team coverage with additional information from today 's hearing on FOX13 News at 5 and 6 .
COURTROOM UPDATES
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
ST. PAUL , Minn. ( CNS ) -- Archbishop Bernard J. Hebda may be a Pittsburgh native , but like a true Minnesotan , they began a welcome video for Super Bowl visitors talking about the weather .
`` The weather here can get a little chilly this time of year , but as a transplant myself , I can tell you firsthand , the people and hospitality here are warm and inviting , '' the archbishop of St. Paul and Minneapolis said in a 76-second video taped in the Cathedral of St. Paul .
The video was posted Jan. 30 to the archdiocese 's website , www.archspm.org . It also can be viewed in the local news section on the site of the archdiocesan newspaper , The Catholic Spirit , thecatholicspirit.com .
Minneapolis will host the 2018 Super Bowl at U.S. Bank Stadium Feb. 4 . A million visitors are expected to visit the Twin Cities for the big game .
`` My prayer for this special weekend is that all of you -- teams , vendors , families , media and all guests -- have a safe and fun visit , '' said Archbishop Hebda , who has headed the archdiocese since 2016 .
They said they also hoped that the Twin Cities ' guests visit one of the archdiocese 's `` more than 180 Catholic parishes , '' naming the Basilica of St. Mary in Minneapolis , the nation 's first basilica , which is located on the west end of Minneapolis a mile-and-a-half from the stadium , and the Cathedral of St. Paul , which overlooks downtown St. Paul .
`` You can explore their beauty , have a few quiet moments or attend Mass in one of a dozen languages , '' they said .
`` Again a warm welcome to all of you , from all of us , '' they said .
The video concluded with welcomes in seven different languages from individuals and groups representing different immigrant communities in the archdiocese .
- - -
Wiering is editor of The Catholic Spirit , newspaper of the Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis .
March 31 Pharmagest Interactive SA :
* FY operating profit 31.4 million euros ( $ 33.6 million ) versus 28.3 million euros year ago
* 2016 net profit : 21.5 million euros , +13 percent
* FY net profit attributable to equity holders of the parent 20.6 million euros versus 18.8 million euros year ago
* Net cash at December 31 , 2016 stood at 63.7 million euros ( including available-for-sale securities and other investments ) , up 16.1 percent
* Will propose a gross dividend of 0.65 euros to general meeting on June 27 , 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9354 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
* U.S. nonfarm payrolls data due 1330 GMT * Palladium on track for biggest weekly drop since Sept * GRAPHIC-2018 asset returns : tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl ( Updates throughout , adds LONDON dateline ) By Jan Harvey LONDON , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Gold edged lower on Friday as the dollar ticked up against the euro ahead of hotly anticipated U.S. non-farm payrolls data later , which will be closely watched for clues on the outlook for U.S. interest rates . The dollar rose 0.2 percent against the single currency in early trade , though it remained on track for a seventh straight weekly loss . Its early signs of strength pressured gold , which is priced in the U.S. unit . Spot gold was down 0.3 percent at $ 1,345.22 an ounce at 1030 GMT , while U.S. gold futures for June delivery were flat at $ 1,353.10 an ounce . The payrolls data due at 1330 GMT is expected to show that the United States added 180,000 jobs in January , an increase from 148,000 the month before . Stronger than expected numbers could shore up expectations for the Federal Reserve to press ahead with interest rates hikes this year , increasing the opportunity cost of holding non-yielding bullion . `` If we have any news that makes it more ( likely ) that we have more and faster rate hikes in the United States , of course it will be negative for the price , '' Frank Schallenberger , head of commodities research at LBBW , said . `` If we have very strong data from the U.S. and signs that the economy is even stronger than everyone thinks , it will be bad for gold in the short term , but what counts is the long term . I think fundamentals are very strong at the moment , and $ 1,350 is not the end . '' The Fed held interest rates unchanged after its latest policy meeting this week but raised its inflation outlook and flagged `` further gradual '' rate increases . Gold is set to end this week little changed , after rising in six out of the last seven weeks and hitting its highest in 17 months last week at $ 1,366.07 . On the wider markets , world stocks were set to post their biggest weekly drop since late 2016 as talk of central bank policy tightening and expectations of higher inflation boosted borrowing costs globally . Holding gold offers a degree of insurance if the broader market suffers a correction , ScotiaMocatta said in a monthly report this week . `` Record-setting global equities may well start to wobble if inflation starts to pick up , or if bond yields/interest rates continue to rise , '' it said . Silver was 0.7 percent lower at $ 17.11 an ounce , while platinum was down 1.4 percent at $ 991.60 and palladium was up 0.6 percent at $ 1,042.72 . After hitting record highs this month , palladium fell to its lowest since Dec. 18 at $ 1,013.72 on Thursday and is on track for its biggest weekly drop since early September , down 4.8 percent . ( Additional reporting by Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru ; Editing by Alison Williams )
( Adds CEO comments , shares , background , detail )
STOCKHOLM May 2 Measurement technology and software firm Hexagon posted first quarter core earnings roughly matching market expectations on Tuesday and said PPM , its division which relies most on the oil industry , had had another weak quarter .
* Hexagon Q1 operating profit , adjusted for non-recurring items , 175 mln euro ( $ 191 million ) , up from 161 mln in the year-ago period , and slightly ahead of a 172 mln euro forecast in a Reuters poll .
* Q1 like-for-like sales up 3 pct , matching analyst forecasts .
* Like-for-like sales up 6 pct excluding oil and gas business , strong growth in industrial sector .
* Hexagon CEO Ola Rollen , in news agency conference call , says `` there is optimism in a lot of the areas where we operate '' , reason to believe demand could continue to strengthen '' .
* Hexagon PPM ( Process , Power & Marine ) , which relies heavily on business from the oil and gas industry , weighed heavily on group growth , with an 11 percent organic sales fall .
* PPM accounts for 15 pct of Hexagon sales , it is the firm 's most profitable business .
* CEO Rollen says counts on PPM returning to growth in H2 .
* CEO Rollen says believes PPM demand has bottomed out , costs to come down in coming quarters .
* CEO Rollen says hopes to sign first contract for Smart Build product in Q2 , currently in negotiations .
* CEO Rollen says acquisition prices at high levels , has acquisition room of around 1.6 bln euros .
* Hexagon shares , which were roughly flat ahead of the results , down 1.6 percent at 1244 GMT .
* Shares up 17 percent YTD , with an 8 pct gain last week on the back of a string of strong earnings in the Swedish industrial sector from companies like AB Volvo and Atlas Copco .
* The company has gone through a turbulent period with main owner Melker Schorling announcing they will step down for health reasons as chairperson and Rollen being charged with insider trading in Norway in a company unrelated to Hexagon . ( $ 1 = 0.9161 euros ) ( Reporting by Johannes Hellstrom ; Editing by Simon Johnson )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
April 5 China Mining Resources Group Ltd :
* On 5 april 2017 , purchaser , vendor and guarantor entered into agreement
* Purchaser agreed to purchase , and vendor agreed to sell sale shares at consideration of HK $ 330 million
* Purchaser is Combined Success , vendor is Fung Wai , an investment holding co Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
LONDON The World Wide Web needs a complete rethink to prevent spying and the spread of `` nasty , mean ideas '' on social media websites , its inventor , Tim Berners-Lee , said on Monday .
Berners-Lee , a London-born computer scientist who invented the Web as a platform on top of the internet in 1989 , said their intention in building it had been for the public to `` do good stuff '' and share ideas among each other , as was the case with websites such as Wikipedia .
Instead , negative ideas were proliferating on social media sites in particular , they said , while privacy was also being compromised by online spying .
`` We need to rethink the way we build society on top of these web pages , '' they told the Innovate Finance global fintech summit in London .
`` How come nasty , mean ideas , seem to have traveled more prevalently than constructive ideas on Twitter sometimes ? Is that the way it has been designed ? Could Twitter be tweaked ? ''
Social media has become active in polarized political campaigns such as the U.S. presidential elections and Britain 's referendum on membership of the European Union last year .
There have also been instances of public figures being abused online , often by robots programmed to send out negative tweets .
The conclusion was that a `` complete change of strategy '' was needed . Facebook and Twitter were already rethinking approaches , they said .
Berners-Lee , who has previously criticized state-sponsored eavesdropping as well as censorship , said they had given humanity `` an open internet to play with '' in the hope that they would use it in a positive manner .
`` We have tried to keep it open , we kept it royalty-free . We have kept it open in the sense of no censorship . On a good day , in a good country , we keep it free of spying . ''
There was a need to analyze the effects networks have on society , Berners-Lee said .
`` We actually have to not leave people to make whatever social networks they like . ''
Last week they told the Guardian newspaper that U.S. President Trump administration 's decision to allow internet service providers to sign away their customers ' privacy and sell customers ' browsing habits was `` disgusting '' , after they won the prestigious Association for Computing Machinery 's AM Turing award .
Despite the web being world-wide , with the possibility of school children from India , China and Syria interacting with each other , Berners-Lee said , people were broadly parochial , choosing to communicate with others like themselves .
( Editing by Pritha Sarkar )
People have called it the dumbest thing ever heard on radio… Which is why we do it every morning at 6:05 am . It 's Shock Collar Question of the Day ! Answer the trivia question correctly , and you do n't get shocked . But if you get it wrong , you WILL suffer the consequences .
By Emily Krolewicz
Sports Writer
The women 's and men 's tennis teams opened their indoor seasons last week , on Wednesday and Thursday respectively . Both teams lost their matches against Spring Arbor University , with the women falling in a 9-0 decision and the men dropping a close 5-4 match .
Winning , however , is n't the main goal for either team during the indoor season .
“ We use the indoor season to get practice with hitting at a faster pace so we 're better prepared for our outdoor matches , ” said Matilda Ennis ( '18 ) . “ We 're focusing on getting better as a team and playing the best we can with continued improvement throughout the indoor season . ”
The men have similar goals .
“ We 're using this time to get back in to the flow of playing tennis , ” said Noah Ackerman ( '18 ) . “ We focus on basic form and technique so that when outdoor season rolls around we can be really competitive in our conference . ”
Both teams are relatively young—the men 's team has 15 on its roster , nine being freshmen , and the women have 10 total with five being freshmen .
“ We are young but hopefully as the season goes on they will become more accustomed to how college tennis is compared to high school , ” said Ackerman , regarding the men 's team . They also said that they believe the team has a lot of potential to improve and win matches this season .
The women 's squad graduated three of their successful players last season and are taking advantage of the indoor matches to make team adjustments and personal improvements across the board .
“ We have some great freshmen and lots of young talent along with all of our returning players , ” said Ennis . “ We definitely have our work cut out for us but I think we 're all looking forward to a great season . ”
Practicing and playing indoors poses a challenge to the players , as the surface causes the ball to slide more and move faster , Ackerman explained . Players have to make adjustments , and learn to play at a much faster pace , which can be a bit challenging .
“ Playing indoors allows us to work on our technique and overall improve our game , ” said Ennis . “ Competing with the different elements adds a whole other dynamic to matches . ”
Although both teams are relatively small , the men 's team has had to make adjustments to it 's practice structure so each player can focus on different aspects of their game each day .
“ We 've had kind of a rotation with players working out and running while others play practice matches and work on their game , ” Ackerman said .
The women are able to alternate between days when they play actual matches , both singles and doubles , which allows them to pinpoint facets of their personal game that need some attention , and the next day they work to improve those individual aspects of their game .
“ Our coaches are awesome about personalizing practices and making our time worthwhile and beneficial , ” said Ennis . “ They remind us before each match that they care about how we play more than the final score . ”
Scotland 's stunning locations include far more than just mountains , lakes and rivers – here 's our pick of 10 of the country 's finest white sand beaches .
When thinking of Scotland 's exquisite natural beauty , we all tend to think of craggy mountains and sweeping forests – and they 're justifiably famous .
But we often forget about the magnificent sandy beaches which dot the coastline , the equal of anything you 'll find in the Seychelles or Maldives – and what they lack in temperature , they make up for in tranquility and unspoilt charm , as we were reminded by an email we received from Premier Inn .
North Coast of Iona
The small island of Iona lies off the southwest coast of Mull in the Inner Hebrides . Just 1.5 miles wide and 3 miles long , it has a population of just 120 permanent residents who , in addition to enjoying the island 's scattering of stunning beaches , also live alongside an array of incredible wildlife including seals , puffins , dolphins , whales and basking sharks .
Luskentyre sands , Isle of Harris
Located on the west coast of South Harris in the Outer Hebrides , Luskentyre is one of the largest and most spectacular beaches on Harris . Boasting miles of white sand and stunning green-blue water , this unique place was named as one of the UK 's best beaches in the TripAdvisor Travellers ' Choice Awards .
Camusdarach beach , Morar
On the West coast of Scotland , north of Fort William and a few miles from Morar , you 'll find Camusdarach . Famous for its stunning silver sands and crystal clear turquoise water – and also the film Local Hero – the beach has shallow water to paddle in and views out to the Isle of Skye .
Langamull beach , Isle of Mull
This beach is one of Mull 's best kept secrets , treating visitors to an expanse of glistening white shell sand and hidden coves to explore . It 's a stunning secluded beach that requires a good 20 minute walk to get there , but the spectacular views out to Rum on a clear day make a trip well worth it .
Eoligarry Beach , Isle of Barra
This white shell sand beach can be found near the most northerly point on the Isle Of Barra . Magnificent sand is backed by dunes , and the sands connect the rocky northern part of Barra to the rocks of Ben Eoligarry Mór .
Traigh Lar , Isle of Harris
The expansive beach provides stunning views across to the Isle of Taransay and towards the Harris Hills . A great spot for bracing walks and at the north end of the beach , you will find the legendary standing stone of Clach MhicLeoid , up a short , steep slope , which is rumoured to have been erected around 5,000 years ago .
Bhatarsaigh Bay , Vatersay
Vatersay is the southernmost inhabited island in the Outer Hebrides , and this beach on its eastern side is absolutely beautiful . The island is just three miles by three , and indeed is almost two separate islands – it 's deeply indented by the sea from the east and west , with only a narrow strip of sandy grassland and dunes at its narrowest point .
Mellon Udrigle , Wester Ross
Backed by dunes , Mellon Udrigle is an incredibly attractive piece of coastline in Wester Ross with unparalleled views of the Highlands . The mixture of clear , turquoise water , clean white sand and the distant mountain vista makes this a truly unique spot .
West Beach , Berneray
Stretching for a massive three miles , this expanse of white sand is ideal for walking – especially in summer , when it 's a haven for wildlife . The grassland is also dotted with an assorted variety of wildflowers , including some rare orchids that make a visit well worth it .
The Monks , Iona
The full name of this incredibly striking landscape is Traigh Ban Nam Monach , Gaelic for ‘ white strand of the monks ' . Iona can get quite busy in the summer months , but this beautiful beach is generally peaceful regardless – a perfect retreat for a more tranquil experience .
People walk past Trump International Hotel and Tower during the Earth Day 'March For Science NYC ' demonstration to coincide with similar marches globally in Manhattan , New York , U.S. , April 22 , 2017 . REUTERS/Andrew Kelly
People walk past Trump International Hotel and Tower during the Earth Day 'March For Science NYC ' demonstration to coincide with similar marches globally in Manhattan , New York , U.S. , April 22 , 2017 . REUTERS/Andrew Kelly
Protesters line Central Park West during the Earth Day 'March For Science NYC ' demonstration to coincide with similar marches globally in Manhattan , New York , U.S. , April 22 , 2017 . REUTERS/Andrew Kelly
People walk past Trump International Hotel and Tower during the Earth Day 'March For Science NYC ' demonstration to coincide with similar marches globally in Manhattan , New York , U.S. , April 22 , 2017 . REUTERS/Andrew Kelly
Mary Devine of Levittown , Long Island looks on during the Earth Day 'March For Science NYC ' demonstration to coincide with similar marches globally in Manhattan , New York , U.S. , April 22 , 2017 . REUTERS/Andrew Kelly
Protesters stand on the stairs in Times Square during the Earth Day 'March For Science NYC ' demonstration to coincide with similar marches globally in Manhattan , New York , U.S. , April 22 , 2017 . REUTERS/Andrew Kelly
Protesters line Central Park West during the Earth Day 'March For Science NYC ' demonstration to coincide with similar marches globally in Manhattan , New York , U.S. , April 22 , 2017 . REUTERS/Andrew Kelly
People walk past Trump International Hotel and Tower during the Earth Day 'March For Science NYC ' demonstration to coincide with similar marches globally in Manhattan , New York , U.S. , April 22 , 2017 . REUTERS/Andrew Kelly
A person dressed as U.S president Donald Trump stands amongst protesters during the Earth Day 'March For Science NYC ' demonstration to coincide with similar marches globally in Manhattan , New York , U.S. , April 22 , 2017 . REUTERS/Andrew Kelly
People line Broadway during the Earth Day 'March For Science NYC ' demonstration to coincide with similar marches globally in Manhattan , New York , U.S. , April 22 , 2017 . REUTERS/Andrew Kelly
WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO Tens of thousands of people turned out in cities across the United States and beyond on Saturday for Earth Day events billed as a `` celebration of science '' to counter what organizers say is a growing disregard for evidence-based knowledge in Washington .
In hundreds of `` March for Science '' events from Boston to Sydney , Australia , engineers , researchers and teachers took a break from the lab to apply their ingenuity to colourful protest placards .
Demonstrators carried signs like `` There Is No Planet B , '' `` No One Is Above Peer Review , '' `` Revenge of the Nerds '' and `` Make Science Great Again , '' a play on U.S. President Donald Trump 's campaign promise to `` Make America Great Again . '' Other signs featured mathematical formulas in a display of geek humour .
While the events were non-partisan according to organizers , many marchers were in effect protesting Trump 's proposal to sharply cut federal science and research budgets and their administration 's scepticism about climate change and the need to slow global warming .
The marches put a new twist on the traditional Earth Day activities , the aim of which was to reaffirm `` the vital role science plays in our democracy , '' according to the march 's website .
Festivities at one of the largest events on Washington 's National Mall included scientific `` teach-ins '' and musical performances .
`` It 's important to show this administration that we care about facts , '' said Chris Taylor , 24 , who was part of an early crowd of about 15,000 who gathered on Washington 's Mall for teach-ins on topics like climate change , water quality and sustainable food .
`` It just seems like they 're not really concerned about economic growth or creating new technologies , just catering to massive corporations , '' said Taylor , who is earning a PhD in robotics at George Mason University in Virginia .
In Los Angeles , at least 12,000 people joined the March for Science , police said . Some demonstrators walked in lab coats while others shaded themselves under umbrellas and signs as temperatures neared 90 Fahrenheit ( 32 Celsius ) .
TRUMP SUPPORTS 'RIGOROUS SCIENCE '
A fervent but good-natured anti-Trump tone was evident on San Francisco 's waterfront , where thousands gathered near The Exploratorium science museum ahead of a march to city hall .
Many carried signs emblazoned with slogans such as `` Pruitt Plus Trump Equals Bad Chemistry , '' a reference to Scott Pruitt , the new head of the Environmental Protection Agency , who has questioned the scientific consensus on global warming .
March for Science is the latest in a series of national demonstrations staged since Trump 's inauguration nearly 100 days ago . Previous marches and protests have focused on a range of partisan issues , from abortion rights to immigration policy .
The White House did not respond to a request for comment on Saturday 's marches , but Trump released a statement on their approach to environmental issues .
`` My administration is reducing unnecessary burdens on American workers and American companies , while being mindful that our actions must also protect the environment , '' Trump said .
`` Rigorous science is critical to my administration 's efforts to achieve the twin goals of economic growth and environmental protection , '' said the president , who passed dozens of protesters as their motorcade made its way to Walter Reed National Military Medical Center outside Washington .
TUSSLE OVER CLIMATE CHANGE
In the past , Trump has said climate change was a hoax that was stifling policies to foster economic growth .
Their administration is considering withdrawing from the Paris Agreement , a global accord aimed at reducing global emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases . Last year the United States , under President Barack Obama , joined more than 190 other countries in signing the pact .
Trump 's proposed 2018 budget calls for deep spending cuts by government science agencies , including a 31 percent reduction for the Environmental Protection Agency .
The scientific community 's direct involvement in a national policy debate has stirred some criticism about whether scientists should get involved in politics . But organizers have defended the march as crucial because of the threat posed by discrediting scientific consensus and restricting research .
`` As scientists , as human beings , our mandate is clear - it 's to stand up for what we know to be true , '' said Kellan Baker , a senior fellow at Johns Hopkins School of Public Health and one of the speakers on the National Mall .
That theme was echoed by many who showed up in Washington for teach-ins , which organizers said were a centrepiece of the initial Earth Day held in 1970 to call attention to the environment .
`` Science is n't respected and it needs to be , '' said Sarah Binkow , 22 , a civil engineer who travelled from Michigan to attend the Washington rally .
`` Being here definitely gives me hope that there 's this overwhelming population that supports science and supports scientific theory , '' they said .
In Washington , speakers included Bill Nye , an educator and television personality known as `` the Science Guy , '' and Mona Hanna-Attisha , a paediatrician and public health advocate who first called attention to the high levels of lead in the drinking water of Flint , Michigan .
`` Flint is what happens when we dismiss science , '' they said , referring to the 2014 crisis .
( Additional reporting by Ian Simpson in Washington , Frank McGurty in New York , Brian Snyder in Boston and Alex Dobuzinskis in Los Angeles ; Writing by Frank McGurty ; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Mary Milliken )
The drama first erupted on the set of Fast 8 when Johnson called out some of their male costars as “ chicken s— ” and “ candy-ass . ”
In their Instagram post , Johnson praised the sequel , its “ hardworking ” crew , Universal Studios and their “ amazing ” female costars . “ My male costars , however , are a different story , ” they wrote . “ Some conduct themselves as stand up men and true professionals , while others do n't , ” Johnson continued . “ The ones that do n't are too chicken s— to do anything about it anyway . Candy asses . ”
Gibson took to Instagram in defense of Diesel at the time – who was reportedly the target of their costar 's rant .
“ Vin has been having problems with The Rock because The Rock keep showing up late for production , ” the insider explained to PEOPLE . “ Sometimes they do n't show up at all and he 's delaying the production . ”
Diesel Reportedly Acts Out
There have also been reports of alleged “ diva ” behavior on Diesel 's part , especially during the filming of Fast 7 . “ Vin spent a whole day in their trailer one day , ” a source told The Hollywood Reporter in October . “ The next day , they waited four hours for him . They called a meeting [ May 28 ] of studio execs to their trailer for two-and-a-half hours to say , ‘ What the f— am I doing here ? ' ”
Another source told Page Six that Diesel “ was constantly late [ when we worked together ] . The source added that Diesel “ acted like a diva and has held up production before ” and that “ it 's not surprising that he 's the one The Rock is calling out . ”
# tbt A post shared by @ ludacris on Aug 11 , 2016 at 1:50pm PDT
A post shared by TYRESE ( @ tyrese ) on Aug 11 , 2016 at 11:58am PDT
Diesel has been with the Fast and the Furious franchise since its first installment and has served as a producer on the series since its fourth sequel . Johnson joined in Fast 5 .
According to TMZ , their conflict stemmed from decisions Diesel has made as a producer .
Diesel and Johnson allegedly met on the Atlanta set to hash out their differences , TMZ reported in 2016 .
“ I think there were some words said yesterday about this and that 's what started this whole thing online but the tension has been going on for months , ” the source shared at the time .
The Rock Tries to Lay Beef to Rest
Johnson seemingly addressed the issue in another August 2016 Instagram post . While the post focused on a video celebrating the completion of a prison scene , a portion of the post 's caption appears to be an attempt to move forward from the on-set drama .
“ You guys reading this know how much I believe in the idea of TEAM EFFORT , ” they wrote . “ That means respecting every person , their time and their value when they step on to my set or partner with our production company . And like with any team – that 's a family – there 's gon na be conflict . ”
They continued , “ Family is gon na have differences of opinion and fundamental core beliefs . To me , conflict can be a good thing , when its followed by great resolution . I was raised on healthy conflict and welcome it . And like any family , we get better from it .
“ At the end of the day me and # F8 co-stars all agree on the most important thing : Delivering an incredible movie to the world . ”
Diesel Makes a Promise to Fans
The next day , Diesel took to Instagram to let their fans know how he 's doing .
The 49-year-old actor explained : “ After being on set since literally Christmas , to finally finally finally come home and to learn that little Pauline learned a new word ? I 'm going to have to share it with you – it 's more important than anything . Them new word kind of describes my spirit and my soul , and most people who stay positive . The new word is ‘ Happy . ' ”
So much has gone on this year . I ca n't believe I wrapped two back to back pictures I both starred in and produced . Now I get to return to my family , my life… To me . A post shared by Vin Diesel ( @ vindiesel ) on Aug 10 , 2016 at 10:27pm PDT
“ When I heard them say happy , I just lit up in ways I ca n't even describe , ” they continued , before laying down a promise to speak out : “ I will tell you everything . Everything . ”
Making Amends
In an April 2017 interview with USA Today , Diesel cleared the air — and appeared the squash the rumored beef with their costar .
“ I do n't think the world really realizes how close we are , in a weird way , ” Diesel said . “ I think some things may be blown out of proportion . I do n't think that was their intention . I know they appreciate how much I work this franchise . In my house , he 's Uncle Dwayne . ”
Diesel , who is a producer of the film , added that protecting the franchise extends to their relationship with Johnson .
“ I protect the franchise . I protect everybody including Dwayne . I protected Dwayne more than he 'll ever know . And it does n't matter . They do n't have to know . But they appreciate it . They know it , ” said Diesel . “ Dwayne has only got one Vin in their life . Dwayne Johnson only has one big brother in this film world and that 's me . ”
Aziz Ansari ‘ s Master of None costar Lena Waithe made their first statements regarding the sexual misconduct allegation against their friend and Emmy-winning collaborator .
“ Here 's the truth — in every situation , it 's not always black-and-white . And I know that 's simple for people , and it 's easy for people to [ ask ] , ‘ Whose side are you on ? ' There are no sides , really , in some of these scenarios . I 'm not on Harvey Weinstein 's side , I 'm not on Kevin Spacey 's side , ” Waithe told KPCC 's The Frame on Thursday .
The Chi creator 's comment about Ansari comes two weeks after an anonymous woman accused them of sexual behavior that they classified as assault but they called consensual .
A 23-year-old Brooklyn photographer recounted their allegations against the actor to Babe.net under the pseudonym “ Grace ” in a story published Jan. 13 . Them account generated much controversy , sparking a public conversation regarding the nuances of the # MeToo movement .
The woman said they decided to come forward after they saw Ansari wearing a Time 's Up pin at the Golden Globe Awards the week before , where they won the best comedy actor in a TV series .
Aziz Ansari and Lena Waithe in September 2017
“ I think you have to take each situation [ individually ] . You ca n't just say , ‘ Well , I 'm on this person 's team , or I 'm on that person 's team . ' It does n't work that way . I think a big thing is , we have to have a dialogue , ” Waithe said . “ I think if we 're unwilling to have a dialogue we 're gon na continue to keep hitting our heads against the wall . We have to start re-educating ourselves about what consent is , what 's appropriate behavior at the workplace . We have to create codes of conduct . Those are things that we need . ”
To donate to the Time 's Up Legal Defense Fund , which will provide subsidized legal support to women and men in all industries who have experienced sexual harassment , assault , or abuse in the workplace , visit its GoFundMe page . Learn more about Time 's Up , an organization of women in entertainment combating sexual harassment and inequality , on its website .
In a statement given to PEOPLE , Ansari said that they and the woman engaged “ in sexual activity , which by all indications was completely consensual . ”
They continued , “ The next day , I got a text from them saying that although ‘ it may have seemed okay , ' upon further reflection , they felt uncomfortable . It was true that everything did seem okay to me , so when I heard that it was not the case for her , I was surprised and concerned . I took their words to heart and responded privately after taking the time to process what they had said . ”
Lena Waithe and Aziz Ansari in Master of None Universal TV/Kobal/REX/Shutterstock
Waithe also voiced their support for the # MeToo and Time 's Up movements to The Frame .
“ It 's about really educating ourselves and not stepping in it and just [ saying ] , ‘ Oh , I 'm sorry . My bad ' — and sort of keep going , ” they shared . “ It 's about really sitting with yourself and educating yourself in terms of what consent is , what it looks like , what it feels like , what it sounds like . And all of us starting to really act accordingly based on this new information that I think we have now . We all got ta start talking to each other , start educating each other . ”
WATCH : Meet the Silence-Breakers Who Are Changing the World with Time 's Up and # MeToo
Ansari 's friend Amy Schumer also shared their statements on the allegations against them recently .
“ He 's been my friend and I really feel for the woman . I identify with all the women in these situations . Even if it 's my friend , I do n't go , ‘ Oh , but he 's a good guy . ' I think , ‘ What would it feel like to have been her ? ' ” Schumer said in a new interview for The Katie Couric Podcast .
“ I do n't think anyone wants to see Aziz 's career ruined or their life ruined or anything like that , but that 's where people 's minds go , ” Schumer told Couric . “ They go ‘ Do they deserve this ? ' And it 's really not about that . I think it 's about expressing and showing women that that behavior is not okay and not only can you leave , but you need to leave . Because then the women who come after you , you 're leaving a mark for them too . ”
How 's this for a first-time Grammy experience : Sitting across the aisle from Bruno Mars . Shooting the breeze with Donald Glover ( aka Childish Gambino ) and Jamie Foxx . Hanging out in the beverage line with blues master Taj Mahal .
So who cares that Cameron Duddy , Mark Wystrach , and Jess Carson lost in both of their nominated categories ? The band known as Midland definitely had a night to treasure at January 's Grammy Awards .
Cameron Duddy , Mark Wystrach , and Jess Carson of Midland at the Grammys Jamie McCarthy/Getty Images
And if you 're wondering where Donnie Wahlberg and Hailee Steinfeld got those groovy cowboy hats they were wearing on stage , look no further than the sartorially resplendent trio .
Their trademark western hat wear was on temporary loan to the two presenters , who handed out the best country album trophy to Chris Stapleton .
“ I gave mine to Hailee Steinfield , who 's also an old friend , ” said Duddy , 33 , who is also an accomplished music videographer . “ I shot their first music video when they first wanted to be a singer . My family and their family are old friends . It was weird . It was like ‘ six degrees ' [ of separation ] of Midland being at the Grammys . ”
Midland Brian Ach/Getty
RELATED : Midland 's Jess Carson Welcomes Son Parker Emmanuel – After Their Wife Delivers in the Hospital Parking Lot
Duddy 's video career also tightly connects them to Mars , the evening 's big winner with six Grammys ; Duddy was co-director of Mars ' video for Grammy-winning record of the year “ 24K Magic , ” among many others . Of course , that meant the two colleagues were doing double takes when they discovered their seat assignments put them across the aisle from each other .
“ We kept looking at each other like , ‘ How are you in the front row because I 'm in the front row over here ? ” Duddy told PEOPLE . “ I think they were kind of tickled … I went up to them and talked to them a couple of times between the breaks … They were just , ‘ I ca n't believe you 're here already . Man , it 's really wild . ' ”
Midland 's breakout hit “ Drinkin ' Problem ” was what got them to the Grammys this year : It was nominated for best country song ( losing out to Stapleton 's “ Broken Halos ” ) and for best country duo/group performance . That Grammy went to “ Better Man ” by Little Big Town , the group that just happens to be taking Midland out on tour now .
So did the band feel some consolation that their headliners snagged the trophy ?
“ No , it made us furious , ” Duddy deadpanned .
“ Yeah , ” Jess Carson , 38 , said , piling on the drollery . “ We 're actually trying to get off tour . ”
Midland Kevin Mazur/Getty Images
( Hey , what do you expect from three guys who sing , “ People say I got a drinkin ' problem , but I got no problem drinkin ' at all ” ? )
Wystrach , 38 , finally pulled their bandmates out of their doggerel dive . “ No , they 're great , ” they said of LBT . “ They deserve it . ”
In fact , Duddy said , the band did n't even bring up the win – or the loss – after the show when they partied with the quartet . “ I ended up spending most of the night with Jimi [ Westbrook ] and Philip [ Sweet ] , ” they said .
“ They 're totally like our brothers , ” Carson added .
RELATED : Meet Midland : Five Things to Know About the Texas Country Trio
Though Midland went home empty-handed this year , Wystrach said the Grammy experience offered an important moment to “ reflect back on how far we 've come on our entire journey ” and to relish that “ you 're going through this experience with two of your best friends . ”
And though an award is “ not what we live for , ” they said , the nominations still “ put fuel in the tank to go back and keep trying. ” They 'll have additional chances at April 's ACM Awards , where they 're nominated for vocal group of the year , new vocal duo or group of the year and single record of the year .
For more coverage , follow our country magazine on Flipboard .
The night also gave the three artists the thrill of being among some of their idols . Just after Carson met rock icon Sting at an after-party , they ended up in conversation with Grammy- and Oscar-winning singer/songwriter Paul Williams , who reminded him , “ The great part about being a musician is that you do n't have to give up your fan card . ' ”
The Texas-based band will continue to tour with Little Big Town , along with Kacey Musgraves , through the spring , and they 're set to join Thomas Rhett on their tour this fall .
BRIEF-Newriver Reit to raise not less than 200 mln stg via placing
* ‍Proposed firm placing and placing and open offer to raise not less than 200 million stg at an offer price in range of 330 pence to 340 pence per share​ Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Turkey Valley homecoming King and Queen Cale Reicks and Ashton Kout are flanked by the 2016 king and queen , Garrison Kruse and Brooke Herold , following the coronation ceremony that was held at the school Thursday night in between the junior varsity and varsity matches of the Trojans ' volleyball date with Postville . Although the queen is usually crowned at halftime of the homecoming football game , Turkey Valley had to come up with a “ Plan B ” after Central Elkader forfeited the contest to the Trojans because it did not have enough healthy players .
For more of Turkey Valley 's Homecoming , see Tuesday 's New Hampton Tribune .
Nicole “ Snooki ” Polizzi : mom first , meatball second .
The Jersey Shore family is back to its 2009 shenanigans on MTV 's upcoming revival — except this time , they also have real families of their own back home . In PEOPLE 's exclusive first look at the latest Family Vacation promo , Snooki , 30 , pauses their fist-pumping sesh to call up their hubby Jionni LaValle and catch up with their son Lorenzo , 5 , and daughter Giovanna , 3 . ( And yes , she 's using the duck phone . )
“ Hello ? Put on the nightlight ! ” they instruct .
But rest assured : Once the mommy duties are taken care of , this crew wastes no time cracking open the Ron-Ron juice . And from the looks of it , devoted fans are just as excited about the reunion : As of Monday , the official trailer for the reboot had accumulated over 21 millions views across platforms , making it the most viewed trailer of an MTV series — ever . ( The trailer is one of more than 500 pieces of original social content created for the revival 's marketing campaign . )
RELATED VIDEO : JWoww Talks Jersey Shore Family Vacation & the Real Reason They Wanted the Cast Back Together
When PEOPLE recently caught up with Jenni “ JWoww ” Farley , they revealed the real reason they wanted to bring back the series : to show fans that Mike “ The Situation ” Sorrentino , who is facing up to five years in prison after pleading guilty in their tax evasion case , is a “ different human being ” than they were during the show 's initial 2009 to 2012 run .
“ Mike was ‘ The Situation ' on the show , and they were arrogant and they were cocky and they were very full of himself , ” they said . “ And it was very hard to accept that person as a friend . ”
“ I wanted this show to come back together for them because he 's sober , he 's clean , he 's a different human being now , ” they continued . “ And he 's so positive , he 's so supportive of all of us — if there 's anyone who deserves this show to come back , it 's them because I want everyone to see this side of Mike . ”
Jersey Shore Family Vacation premieres April 5 at 8 p.m . ET on MTV .
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division , part of the second-largest U.S. bank 's plan to cut costs .
PARIS , March 31 Below are company-related news and stories from French and Benelux media which could have an impact on the region 's markets or individual stocks .
CAC-40 April futures down 0.21 percent at 0606 GMT
DANONE
French food group Danone said on Friday it had decided to sell its U.S. subsidiary Stonyfield to facilitate the rapid closing of its acquisition of U.S. organic food producer WhiteWave foods Co .
PERNOD RICARD
The drinks group said it had completed the sale of its Domecq Brandies & Wines business to Emperador Group and Gonzalez Byass .
GROUPE FLO
Groupe Flo said it has received an offer from Groupe Bertrand , terms and conditions are currently being examined .
TELEPERFORMANCE
The telemarketing services provider announced plans to expand its operations in China with new sites in Kunming and Foshan .
REXEL
Rexel said Laurent Delabarre had been appointed as group finance director and member of the executive committee .
EDF
French utility EDF is making progress with plans to export nuclear reactors to India and South Africa and says it is in talks with several other countries about nuclear projects .
Pan-European market data : European Equities speed guide ................... FTSE Eurotop 300 index .............................. DJ STOXX index ...................................... Top 10 STOXX sectors ........................... Top 10 EUROSTOXX sectors ...................... Top 10 Eurotop 300 sectors ..................... Top 25 European pct gainers ....................... Top 25 European pct losers ........................ Main stock markets : Dow Jones ............... Wall Street report ..... Nikkei 225 ............. Tokyo report ............ FTSE 100 ............... London report ........... Xetra DAX ............. Frankfurt items ......... CAC-40 ................. Paris items ............ World Indices ..................................... Reuters survey of world bourse outlook ......... European Asset Allocation ........................ Reuters News at a glance : Top News ............. Equities .............. Main oil report ........... Main currency report .....
April 28 Tompkins Financial Corp
* Tompkins financial corporation reports record first quarter earnings
* Q1 earnings per share $ 1.03
* Qtrly net interest income was up 9.1 % compared to same period last year
* Qtrly net interest income of $ 48.0 million Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Tabletop role-playing game Pathfinder recently announced its second edition ten years after Paizo published its first . “ We can do a much better job now than we did 10 years ago , ” Paizo said . Paizo hopes to make the Core Rulebook more approachable , streamline combat and include more art . Playtesting begins August 2nd .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Turkish gov't omits investigating explosion that killed 5-years-old Umut Kozay
Cemil Kozay , father of 5-year-old Umut Kozay who was killed by explosion of an object on their playing ground on September 30 in Yüksekova district of Hakkari province , said that even an investigation has not been launched into the incident . Speaking to local news outlet Yüksekova News on the explosion that killed their 5-year-old son Umut and heavily injured 7-year-old son Erhan Kozay , Father Kozay said that no state officials called the family after the incident .
Addressing the Hakkari Governor Office 's statement that “ the cause of the explosion was an unexploded ammunition left from an operation , ” Cemil Kozay stated that “ However , the place where explosion occurred was 15 meters away from a police station . Even the rubbles were taken away . A great number of people pass by that area every day . The children play in that area . They said they cleared everywhere during the curfew that lasted 79 days but they did n't even clean in front of their houses , or they intentionally threw it there . ”
Stating that “ There are as many as 20 city surveillance cameras around the police station , ” Cemil Kozay has added that “ The truth is in those cameras . If they claim that it was an ammunition left from the time of curfew , then they shall reveal the camera footage . The thing is , even an investigation has n't been launched . Even the testimony of eyewitnesses has n't been received . We also have n't received the autopsy report . ”
Meanwhile , Turkey 's main opposition Republican People 's Party ( CHP ) deputy Sezgin Tanrıkulu has submitted a parliamentary inquiry about the killing of Umut Kozay , according to a report by Bianet on Thursday .
Addressing the statement issued by Hakkari Governor Office concerning the incident , Tanrıkulu said that in the statement it was stated that the object was “ an unexploded ammunition left from an operation . ”
Stating that at least 95 people lost their lives , 6,770 houses were destroyed during the curfew that was declared by Hakkari Governor Office on March 13 , 2016 and lasted 78 days , Tanrıkulu added that at least 22 children lost their lives and 45 others were injured due to the explosions around within the last two years , according to the studies made by the NGOs .
Tanrıkulu has posed number of questions to Prime Minister Binali Yıldırım to reply . Tanrıkulu asked that “ What is the type of explosion that killed Umut Kozay and injured Erhan Kozay ? Is there any work towards clearing the mines and explosive devices in the settlements in the Eastern and Southeastern Region ? If there is any investigation going on , when did it start and at what stage is it ? If not , what is the justification ? ”
“ What are the names of those who died or were injured in the explosions resulted by landmines in Turkey over the last 10 years ? What sort of compensations is being applied in casualties caused by landmines ? If there is any , what is the cast of these compensations ? What verdicts have the European Court of Human Rights rendered in the suits brought by those who died , suffered material loss or got injured ? ” added Tanrıkulu .
Related
April 6 Tata Motors Ltd
* Says Tata Motors receives order for 500 buses from Ivory Coast
* Says buses are being financed under Exim Bank of India for operation by SOTRA
* Says recently handed over first lot of 117 buses to SOTRA in Côte D'ivoire 's economic capital , Abidjan Source text - ( After having bagged an order for 500 new next-generation low-floor Urban city buses from the Ivory Coast , Tata Motors recently handed over the first lot of 117 buses to SOTRA in Côte d'Ivoire 's economic capital , Abidjan . The buses are being financed under the EXIM Bank of India for operation by SOTRA – Abidjan Transport Company . ) Further company coverage :
VANCOUVER — The Vancouver Canucks say Sven Baertschi has suffered a fractured jaw and will be out four-to-six weeks .
The Swiss forward was hurt when they were hit in the face by a puck in Vancouver 's 4-2 loss at Calgary on Saturday .
The Canucks said on Twitter that Baertschi will not need to have surgery .
Baertschi has eight goals and 10 assists in 30 games this season .
Turkish foreign minister heads to Kuwait in Qatar crisis - sources
ISTANBUL , June 14 Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu was to travel to Kuwait on Wednesday evening after completing a visit to Qatar , foreign ministry sources said , in their quest to broker an end to a dispute betweeen the Gulf state and other Arab countries .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
After multiple public statements from the White House , there are still numerous unanswered questions surrounding Michael Flynn 's Monday-night resignation from their position as national security adviser .
Flynn is under fire for a discussion they had with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak on the day that the U.S. announced sanctions for cyber hacking that took place during the U.S. election .
White House press secretary Sean Spicer characterized the resignation as being about `` eroding trust '' between President Trump and Flynn , rather than a legal issue , and they said it was Trump 's decision to have Flynn step down . House Speaker Paul Ryan also said the resignation was Trump 's call . Those accounts contradict earlier remarks from White House adviser Kellyanne Conway , who said the move was Flynn 's .
Here are six the questions we still have about the events :
1 . What exactly did Flynn say about U.S. sanctions in their call with Kislyak ?
Spicer maintained Tuesday that Flynn being asked to step down was about `` trust '' and that there was `` nothing wrong or inappropriate '' about Flynn 's call with the ambassador . There is a transcript of the call produced by the intelligence community , NPR has confirmed . It shows there was discussion about the sanctions . `` Still , current and former administration officials familiar with the call said the transcript was ambiguous enough that Mr. Trump could have justified either firing or retaining Mr. Flynn , '' the New York Times reported .
Flynn briefed Vice President Pence before Pence made a round of TV appearances Jan. 15 in which they denied Flynn discussed the sanctions in the call . White House press secretary Sean Spicer said on Jan. 13 that Flynn told them the call was to convey Christmas greetings , condolences for a plane crash that killed members of a Russian Military choir , Russian talks about the war in Syria and logistics for a post-inauguration call between Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin .
In their resignation letter , Flynn apologized for giving the vice president and others `` incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador . ''
2 . Did Flynn 's conversation influence Russia 's decision not to retaliate with sanctions of its own ?
The Obama administration announced sanctions on Dec. 29 in response to findings that Russia used cyberattacks during the presidential campaign in an effort to assist Trump . The administration expected Russia to retaliate , but it never did . At the time , Trump tweeted glowingly about Putin 's decision not to react .
3 . Why wait until now to ask for a resignation ?
NPR 's Carrie Johnson reports that the White House knew Flynn 's public statements did n't match what occurred .
Johnson reports that former acting Attorney General Sally Yates , since fired over their stance to not enforce Trump 's travel ban , told White House Counsel Donald McGahn about the call 's actual contents . Spicer said Tuesday that the Justice Department notified White House counsel on Jan. 26 and that the president was notified immediately .
Spicer said that the White House has been `` reviewing and evaluating this issue on a daily basis '' for a few weeks and that Flynn has been questioned on multiple occasions .
As the Washington Post notes , though , on Friday Trump gave reporters the impression that they `` was not familiar with a Washington Post report that revealed that Flynn had not told the truth about the calls . ''
4. Who was behind the initial leak ?
Who was the first person to share that Flynn had spoken to the Russian ambassador ? Trump themselves asked Tuesday morning in a tweet , `` Why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington ? '' Spicer echoed concerns about the leak in their briefing .
The Washington Post 's Callum Borchers has three theories on `` why the Trump White House keeps leaking '' :
They ca n't help but gossip ,
It 's all distraction , getting media to pay attention to `` who has power , rather than what the people in power are actually doing , '' or
Bait for negative coverage so that it can continue to `` cast the media as a political opponent . ''
But it 's also possible , if not likely , that the leaks on this issue came from the intelligence community or Justice Department . That could mean that there are people in the government and national-security infrastructure who had genuine concerns about Flynn and how Trump 's White House is being run .
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes , R-Calif. , blasted the leaks in a hallway interview on Tuesday , NPR 's Susan Davis reports .
`` Here 's what I know : Gen. Flynn did not break the law talking to the Russia ambassador , in fact that 's their job , '' Nunes said . `` Who did break the law is whoever recorded this , unmasked it and leaked it , that is clearly multiple violations . ''
5. Who will replace Flynn ?
Spicer said in a briefing Tuesday afternoon the president is `` currently evaluating a group of strong candidates . ''
Three are thought to be the leading contenders :
Ret . Lt. Gen. Joseph Kellogg , the acting national security adviser , named with Flynn 's resignation ;
, the acting national security adviser , named with Flynn 's resignation ; Ret . Vice Adm. Robert Harward , the former deputy director of CENTCOM during the Obama administration . He 's a former Navy SEAL who grew up in Iran ; and
, the former deputy director of CENTCOM during the Obama administration . He 's a former Navy SEAL who grew up in Iran ; and Ret . Gen. David Petraeus , the former CIA director in the Obama administration who was sentenced to two years probation and had to pay a $ 100,000 fine for sharing classified information with a woman they were having an affair with . Their probation expires in April .
Also in the running is John Kelly , who was recently confirmed as Trump 's homeland security secretary , NPR 's Tom Bowman reports .
But , Bowman reports , the smart money is on Harward for now .
6 . Will Trump continue to speak with Flynn anyway ?
Trump is known to pick up their cell phone . And Flynn is someone who was one of Trump 's closest and most trusted national-security advisers during the campaign .
Flynn surely has that number . And there 's some precedent for it . Trump has continued communication with other former aides and adviser , including Corey Lewandowski , who was was fired as Trump 's campaign manager in June .
GARFIELD , N.J. -- A boy riding a bicycle was struck and killed by a box truck ( in photo ) Tuesday afternoon in Garfield , authorities confirmed .
A witness said the youngster was on the ground , covered in a blanket , outside the Golden Eagle Deli on Lanza Avenue near Pleasant Avenue when the ambulance arrived .
CHECK BACK FOR MORE DETAILS
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice 's free daily emails and news alerts .
A sign is displayed in an unmarked Serious Fraud Office vehicle parked outside a building , in Mayfair , central London March 9 , 2011 . REUTERS/Andrew Winning
LONDON The UK division of German logistics and freight company Bertling and five people have been charged with conspiracy to pay or accept bribes in a UK Serious Fraud Office ( SFO ) inquiry into a North Sea oil exploration project .
The SFO alleged on Tuesday that Robert McNally , Georgina Ayres , Giuseppe Morreale , Stephen Emler and F.H . Bertling Ltd conspired together and with others to win or retain freight forwarding contracts in a project called Jasmine between January 2010 and May 2013 .
The four each face one charge of conspiracy to give or accept corrupt payments . The SFO added that a fifth person , Christopher Lane , had also been charged with a separate count of conspiracy to give or accept corrupt payments .
The individuals and representatives for the company have been told to appear at Westminster Magistrates ' Court on May 19 .
It is the second time the SFO , which investigates and prosecutes high-level fraud , bribery and corruption , has filed charges against the Bertling division .
Seven individuals and F.H . Bertling Ltd were charged last July with making corrupt payments to an agent of Angolan state oil group Sonangol between January 2005 and December 2006 in an investigation that began in September 2014 .
Hamburg-headquartered Bertling Group is a 150-year-old private company that specialises in shipping and chartering , logistics and freight forwarding and related IT services . It has a presence in 35 countries around the world .
Freight forwarders coordinate and ship goods using single or multiple air , marine , rail or highway carriers .
( Reporting by Kirstin Ridley ; editing by David Clarke )
Nadine bentang-benta ang mala-diyosang kaseksihan sa perfume promo video By DJan Magbanua Bandera
Viral ngayon ang pinost na video ni Nadine Lustre kung saan nagpropromote siya ng perfume na named after them Sa video , sexy lingerie ang suot ni Nadine and pose kung pose ang real life girlfriend ni James Reid . Talagang ang sosyal ng dating ad na talagang kinaloka ng mga fans ni Nadine . Maganda ang kuha ng video , it shows the full sexiness of Nadine in a very fashionable and elegant way . @ hellobangsie Super ganda ! The still is a work of art , just like everything you do ! Congratulations ! ” sey ni # LusterByNadine ” sey ni @ ouiji1431 @ hellobangsie kapag ba inispray ko ang perfume mo , magiging kasing ganda kita ? ” tanong ni @ _iamrhina @ hellobangsie wow ! ! Hindi Ka tlga boring nadz .. ur different ! ” observation naman ni @ kitty_chiu3
Recent Stories :
Complete stories on our Digital Edition newsstand for tablets , netbooks and mobile phones ; 14-issue free trial . About to step out ? Get breaking alerts on your mobile.phone . Text ON INQ BREAKING to 4467 , for Globe , Smart and Sun subscribers in the Philippines .
Disclaimer : The comments uploaded on this site do not necessarily represent or reflect the views of management and owner of Bandera . We reserve the right to exclude comments that we deem to be inconsistent with our editorial standards .
To subscribe to the Philippine Daily Inquirer newspaper in the Philippines , call +63 2 896-6000 for Metro Manila and Metro Cebu or email your subscription request here .
It 's not every day that one gets to experience a solar eclipse . On the morning of August 21st , there will be rare one . While partial solar eclipses happen roughly every 12 to 18 months , this will be the first time a total eclipse will be visible in the U.S. since 1979 . What is a solar eclipse ? It is when the moon positions itself between our own Earth and the sun . Due to Los Angeles being further south , Angelenos will only get to experience around 70 % of the sun being blocked compared to those in the northern states . Experience this rare occurrence on August 21st at these locations .
Griffith Observatory
2800 E Observatory Rd
Los Angeles , CA 90027
www.griffithobservatory.org 2800 E Observatory RdLos Angeles , CA 90027 Los Angeles ' famed Observatory , which offers spectacular views of the city , will be welcoming people for a free viewing event on the morning of August 21 , 2017 from 9 a.m. to 12 p.m. View the skies from a telescope on the lawn , or head into the Hall of the Sky and look up using their solar telescope . Given the popularity of this spot , expect it to be crowded .
L.A. State Historic Park
1245 N Spring St
Los Angeles , CA 90012
( 323 ) 441-8819
www.lashp.com 1245 N Spring StLos Angeles , CA 90012 ( 323 ) 441-8819 Experience this natural phenomenon at one of the National Park Service 's locales . At L.A. State Historic Park , park rangers will lead people on a hike from the Gateway to Nature Center in El Pueblo at 8:30 a.m. You can also skip the ranger led hike and go to the park yourself .
Rancho Sierra Vista
4121 Potrero Road
Newbury Park , CA 91320
( 805 ) 370-2301
www.nps.gov 4121 Potrero RoadNewbury Park , CA 91320 ( 805 ) 370-2301 On the morning of the eclipse , visit Rancho Sierra Vista , where there will be children 's activities , and more . This is a National Park Service event , and it begins at 9:30 a.m . There will be a limited supply of solar glasses so make sure to get there early !
Mount Wilson Observatory
Use Angeles Crest Highway
( 626 ) 440-9016
www.mtwilson.edu Use Angeles Crest Highway ( 626 ) 440-9016 Starting at 9:05 a.m. , there will be solar telescopes available for viewing this spectacular event . Or , make sure to bring your own solar glasses .
King Gillette Ranch
26800 Mulholland Hwy
Calabasas , CA 91302
( 818 ) 878-0866
www.lamountains.com 26800 Mulholland HwyCalabasas , CA 91302 ( 818 ) 878-0866 Head to this beautiful ranch off Mulholland Hwy in Calabasas where State park rangers will help you experience this phenomenon . The event starts at 9:30 a.m .
Woodland Hills Branch Library
22200 Ventura Blvd
Woodland Hills , CA 91364
( 818 ) 226-0017
www.lapl.org 22200 Ventura BlvdWoodland Hills , CA 91364 ( 818 ) 226-0017 Come from 10 a.m. to 10:45 a.m. and bring your own glasses for a viewing event hosted at this library branch .
Studio City Library
12511 Moorpark St
Studio City , CA 91604
( 818 ) 755-7873
www.lapl.org 12511 Moorpark StStudio City , CA 91604 ( 818 ) 755-7873 From 10 a.m. to 11:30 a.m. , join this library branch for an outdoor eclipse viewing party . Free solar eclipse glasses from the Space Science Institute will be provided , and there will be stories , music , crafts , and yoga . It 's the perfect event for children , teens and families .
Sylmar Branch Library
14561 Polk St
Sylmar , CA 91342
( 818 ) 367-6102
www.lapl.org 14561 Polk StSylmar , CA 91342 ( 818 ) 367-6102 From 10 a.m. to 11:45 a.m. , join Sylmar 's Library for a Solar Eclipse Viewing Party . Great for adults , kids , seniors , teens and others , see the sun safely through a homemade solar telescope and get a pair of free sun-viewing glasses to watch this eclipse .
Sunland-Tujunga Branch Library
7771 Foothill Blvd
Tujunga , CA 91042
( 818 ) 352-4481
www.lapl.org 7771 Foothill BlvdTujunga , CA 91042 ( 818 ) 352-4481 From 10 a.m. to 10:15 a.m. , this library branch will be hosting a Solar Eclipse 2017 event where visitors can watch the eclipse with Solar System Ambassador Elena Semer . Free solar-viewing glasses will be provided .
Pacoima Branch Library
13605 Van Nuys Blvd
Pacoima , CA 91331
( 818 ) 899-5203
www.lapl.org 13605 Van Nuys BlvdPacoima , CA 91331 ( 818 ) 899-5203 At 10 a.m. , join the Pacoima Library for a Solar Eclipse Program . They will be offering glasses , information and a live-feed from NASA where you can watch the eclipse .
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Following the release of footage of a Russian-made robot firing handguns at targets , Russian officials have stated that they are not making a “ terminator ” robot .
The Mirror reports that the robot , known as FEDOR – Final Experimental Demonstration Object Research – is part of Russias current developments in space exploration . The robot is being developed by Android Technics and the Advanced Research Fund , initially with the aim to aid during rescue operations , however , now the robot is being considered to replace human engineers on the International Space Station .
A video of the robot released recently has made many question the application of these new machines as the android can be seen dual-wielding pistols and firing them at metal targets in the distance . This caused many people to assume that the robot was some sort of new military hardware designed to replace soldiers in the field .
Russian officials have denied this claim . “ We are not creating a Terminator , but artificial intelligence that will be of great practical significance in various fields. ” said Russian Deputy PM Dmitryi Rogozin . FEDOR is currently scheduled to travel into space in 2021 and could act as a permanent replacement to the cosmonauts onboard the ISS . “ This thing can work without a space suit , live not only in a crew vehicle , but even outside it . Its name is Fedor. ” said Deputy PM Rogozin .
Vladimir Solntsev , general director of Russian rocket-making corporation Energia , said : “ Our involvement in the Fedor-based space robot project will bring us to the next level in the development of robotic technologies. ” Director of the TSNIImash laboratory of space robotic Alexander Grebenshchikov said : “ Every hour of work of cosmonauts on space walks costs from $ 2 million to $ 4 million ( USD ) . ”
“ The use of robots for routine operations in the future will also spare additional time of the crew for leisure or for the fulfillment of other important tasks. ” said Grebenshchikov .
BERLIN , March 29 The International Ice Hockey Federation ( IIHF ) has agreed to pay NHL players ' travel and insurance costs to try to lure them to the 2018 Winter Olympics , Games chiefs said on Wednesday . The contribution , which could cost up to $ 20 million , is designed to soften the financial blow to owners frustrated at having the NHL season shut down during the Games .
The gesture may not be enough to secure NHL players ' presence in South Korea 's Pyeonchang , however , as club owners have other commercial demands yet to be settled . ( Reporting by Karolos Grohmann , editing by : Mitch Phillips )
A group of boys and their football coach are set to be rescued from a flooded Thailand cave in stages .
Thai divers have warned that the group will have to swim underwater for a distance of nearly 2km to get out .
Each of the boys will be accompanied by two expert divers as they battle through strong currents before walking 200m to the cave 's exit .
Rescuers are aiming to get the group out as soon as possible before waters rise further .
The group has now got food and medical treatment - after being trapped for nearly two weeks .
A new video has been released - showing the children huddled together - and apparently in good health .
Commercial diver Thorston Lechler is volunteering with the rescue mission - they say it 's full of complexities .
The training we recommend is a full face mask – an AGA mask – with positive pressure , ” they said .
“ The problem we have right now would be [ finding ] the size that fits children 's heads . ”
The group may be brought out at different times , depending on the health of each person , a Thai official said .
`` All 13 may not come out at the same time . If the condition is right and if that person is ready 100 % , they can come out , '' said Narongsak Osatanakorn , the Chiang Rai provincial governor .
Mr Osatanakorn said the group are still recuperating and a daily evaluation is being made of their fitness .
There will be no evacuation if there is any risk , they said .
However , some officials fear that forecasted heavy rains this weekend could force them to bring the boys out earlier .
Thai boys are treated by a Thai Navy Seal medic , 03-07-2018 . Image : Royal Thai Navy/Facebook
Authorities are still exploring other options , such as scouring the mountainside for other ways into the cave and finding faster ways to pump water from it .
Offering a glimmer of hope for the families of the trapped boys , Mr Osatanakorn said that a new cave , suspected to be connected to the complex the group are situated in , has been discovered .
Two main routes of water flowing into the cave have also been identified and blocked .
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
The Islamic State has formally taken responsibility for the slaughter at the Reina nightclub in Istanbul , issuing an unusually direct official statement that hailed the still-at-large gunman as a “ heroic soldier of the caliphate . ”
“ In continuation of the blessed operations that Islamic State is conducting against the protector of the cross , Turkey , a heroic soldier of the caliphate struck one of the most famous nightclubs where the Christians celebrate their apostate holiday . They used hand grenades and a machine gun and transformed their celebration to mourning , ” read the statement from the terror state , as translated by Al-Jazeera and the New York Times .
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
“ The apostate Turkish government should know that the blood of Muslims shed with airplanes and artillery fire will , with God 's permission , ignite a fire in their own land , ” ISIS added , in an apparent reference to Turkey 's military operations in Syria .
Although several terrorist attacks in Turkey have been blamed on the Islamic State , the New York Times notes it is rare for ISIS to formally claim responsibility for attacks in Turkey , possibly because it did not want to provoke the Turkish government into taking more severe actions against it .
Turkey is now fighting both Kurdish militias and ISIS in Syria , announcing airstrikes on Monday that killed at least 22 ISIS fighters on Syrian soil .
Leaders of the Kurdish separatists in Turkey , the PKK , condemned the nightclub attack , and insisted they had nothing to do with it .
The attack on the Reina nightclub in Istanbul killed 39 and wounded 70 at last count . The Times reports 27 of slain victims were foreigners : “ Seven victims came from Saudi Arabia ; Iraq and Lebanon each had three citizens among the dead ; India , Jordan , Morocco and Tunisia each had two ; and Canada , Israel , Kuwait , Russia and Syria each had one . ”
Heavy.com notes that ISIS began circulating a message on social media in December warning Muslims that “ to celebrate New Year 's Eve with the kuffar is to embrace their idolatry and paganism and to shun the rulings of our Lord. ” Kuffar is a derogatory term for those who do not believe in Islam .
“ There is nothing to celebrate . The Gregorian calendar is rooted in kufr and blatantly ignores the lunar calendar and that introduced to follow the Hijrah of our honorable Prophet , ” the Islamic State 's theologians insisted .
Man gets prison for selling drugs that led to fatal overdose
WHEATON , Ill. ( AP ) — A suburban Chicago man has been sentenced to 18 years in prison for selling the heroin that led to a 26-year-old 's fatal overdose .
Thirty-four-year-old Kevin Liszka of Melrose Park was convicted in March on one count of drug-induced homicide for the 2015 death of Naperville resident Marcus Penton .
Prosecutors say Penton overdosed from heroin they received from a friend , who bought it from Liszka . The friend , Skyler Sabala , pleaded guilty in 2016 to one count of manufacture or delivery of a controlled substance and was sentenced to seven years in prison .
DuPage County State 's Attorney Robert Berlin said Tuesday the case is `` yet another very sad reminder '' of the opioid epidemic facing the country and the Chicago area . They say as of Tuesday , DuPage County has seen 31 overdose deaths .
April 28 NextEra Energy Inc :
* Co 's unit sold $ 1.25 billion principal amounts of its 3.55 % Debentures , Series due May 1 , 2027 - SEC filing
* NEECH will add net proceeds from sale of Debentures to its general funds
* NEECH expects to use its general funds to repay , at maturity , $ 600 million principal amount of Series E Debentures due June 1 , 2017
* Co 's unit NEECH expects to use its general funds to repay , at maturity , $ 650 million principal amount of Series F Debentures due Sept 1 Source text : ( bit.ly/2pddhcq ) Further company coverage :
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
April 6 Unisys Corp-
* Unisys announces proposed $ 440 million private offering of senior secured notes
* Says intends to use net proceeds from offering of notes to redeem its outstanding 6.25 % senior notes due 2017 in full
* Unisys corp- intention to offer , subject to market and other conditions , $ 440 million aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes due 2022 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Ten men graduated from the Delaware Area Career Center Ohio Basic Peace Officer Academy on May 23 and now qualify to be law enforcement officers in the state of Ohio .
Lt. Molly Harris , Ohio State Highway Patrol Marysville Post commander and an instructor in the course , served as the master of ceremonies for the event . They congratulated the graduates and praised their hard work .
DACC Superintendent Mary Beth Freeman also congratulated the class .
“ We 're here to recognize the commitment and hard work you 've demonstrated , ” Freeman said . “ I ca n't think of a more honorable profession than becoming a law enforcement officer . You chose to become a law enforcement officer because you wanted to be a person of value in our society . ”
Kyle Schneider , a member of the class , also gave a speech at the ceremony and said the class has been through an “ adventurous journey ” together and have grown close .
“ If there 's any doubt of how long this journey has been , look at me ! ” Schneider said , joking that they had a full head of dark hair before the class .
Schneider told the crowd at the ceremony about every member of the class and shared the memories they had made together .
“ Call me anytime . I will be your backup , ” Schneider told theirs classmates .
Schneider also thanked their family , and they added the students ' families deserve appreciation for allowing them to go through the eight-month course , which included long nights and studying over weekends .
“ Our families went through this with us , ” Schneider said .
The keynote speaker at the ceremony was Westerville Police Chief Joe Morbitzer , who said , “ This job will always be here , but family is number one . ”
“ If you do n't have the support and understanding of your family , you are not going to do well in this position , ” Morbitzer added . “ We preach ‘ true north ' at our police department , meaning your private life and professional life have to match up . If your morals and ideals are n't the same in both lives , you will crash and burn . ”
Morbitzer said by becoming police officers , they 've committed themselves to a life of service and urged them to serve the right way .
“ Make sure we are the thin blue line , not the thick blue wall , ” Morbitzer said . “ We are here to protect and serve . Tomorrow 's police officer is not a highly tactical , knock-down-the-door person that you see on some of these ridiculous TV shows that we watch . Tomorrow 's police officer understands the commitment to helping people . We want people who are going to serve . ”
Delaware County Sheriff Russell Martin echoed Morbitzer 's sentiments by adding when they hire officers , they hire based on character .
“ We hire for character and teach competence , ” Martin said . “ Keep your head on a swivel , keep your powder dry , and serve with integrity . ”
Martin said the most significant part of being in law enforcement is the social contract with the public . Martin asked the graduates to stand up and face their friends and family in attendance .
“ Make a commitment . Do not let these people down , ” Martin said . “ This is an honorable calling . This nation needs fine men and women in law enforcement . ”
By Glenn Battishill gbattishill @ aimmediamidwest.com
Glenn Battishill can be reached at 740-413-0903 or on Twitter @ BattishillDG .
Glenn Battishill can be reached at 740-413-0903 or on Twitter @ BattishillDG .
This week the state senate passing a measure approving firearm training for educators , and both houses pass one of the most restrictive abortion laws in the country . Here to talk about all this State Senators Philip Moran and Joel Carter .
Everence takes a different approach . Customers are asked to mail their DNA samples to Endeavor 's laboratory in Quonset , R.I. , where the material is milled , sterilized and enclosed in microscopic capsules of PMMA — you know it as Plexiglas — which is often used in medical applications like dentures , bone cement and cosmetic surgery .
Thanks to its little envelope , instead of the DNA disappearing into the body , it is captured permanently in the ink of the tattoo . Duffy and their partners believe this creates an even more palpable , resonant bonding experience .
The pitch is a curious , emotionally poignant one coming from Duffy , a gruff , plain-spoken New Yorker with a background in real estate and a degree in political science . But after starting the nonprofit therapeutic scuba diving program for veterans with their father nearly a decade ago , Duffy , 40 , said they were inspired to find new ways of connecting people while honouring those they may have lost .
A rube to the worlds of both tattoo artistry and biomedical engineering , Duffy spent the past four years seeking out experts in both fields , eventually finding advisers including Dr. Bruce Klitzman , an associate professor of surgery at Duke University , who endorses the practice : They say it 's as safe as traditional tattoo inks .
Duffy and Edith Mathiowitz , a professor at the Center for Biomedical Engineering at Brown University , have patented the technology . Mathiowitz 's work has focused on what applications polymers like PMMA can have in the human body , and they previously worked on removable tattoo ink projects .
Under the U.S. Food and Drug Administration , tattoo inks are viewed as cosmetics , a designation that Everence will also adopt . Historically , the agency has not regulated them , though it continues to warn consumers of the inherent risks of tattooing , including infection , allergic reactions or developing granulomas from foreign particles in the body .
Duffy insists that they have done their homework on safety . And , in an interview , Mathiowitz noted that the company will follow the strict regulations around how cosmetics must be created , as outlined by the FDA .
Duffy also found a partner in Virginia Elwood , a 37-year-old tattoo artist in Brooklyn who was taken by the idea almost immediately after Duffy pitched it to them over email . Their meeting was a stroke of fate : Duffy 's email was sent to their spam folder , and they opened it only because they thought they were the actor who played the father on the 1990s sitcom `` Step by Step . ''
Alas , it was a different Duffy , though Elwood took them up on their idea . They share a matching tattoo with their partner , Stephanie Tamez , each with the other 's Everence inked in . Elwood also plans to get a tattoo with Everence containing DNA from their mother , who died years ago from cancer .
`` We 're connected to so many things in this world right now , be it through social media or sticking photos in the cloud , and I find that personally to be a bit hollow sometimes , '' Elwood said . `` So instead of taking something precious to me and uploading a picture of it to a server , I 'm actually carrying it on my body , in my skin . ''
New York Times News Service
Almost 48 hours after racist violence engulfed Charlottesville , Va. , President Trump called out white nationalist groups by name . Trump 's remarks on Monday following criticism that their initial statement about the clash of protesters did not condemn racist groups specifically .
`` Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs , including the KKK , neo-Nazis and white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans , '' the president from the White House .
Trump began their remarks talking about their economic accomplishments and plans for trade negotiations before turning their attention to the events over the weekend in Virginia and expressing sympathy for the three people who were killed . Heather Heyer , 32 , died after a car rammed into a group of counterprotesters . Two Virginia State Troopers , Pilot Lt. H. Jay Cullen and Trooper-Pilot Berke M.M . Bates , died when their helicopter that was patrolling the event crashed .
Trump said that the Department of Justice had opened a civil rights investigation into the car attack .
`` To anyone who acted criminally at this weekend 's racist violence , you will be held fully accountable . Justice will be delivered , '' the president said .
But for many , the president 's condemnations may be too little too late . Their initial statement on Saturday , claiming that the clashes were a result of `` hatred , bigotry and violence on many sides '' was quickly criticized by many top Republicans for not calling out the white supremacists , alt-right , Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups who began the protests against the removal of a statute of the Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee .
The White House put out an unsigned statement on Sunday morning , saying that , `` The President said very strongly in their statement yesterday that they condemn all forms of violence , bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists , KKK , neo-nazi and all extremist groups . They called for national unity and bringing all Americans together . ''
Vice President Pence went further than the president , telling reporters Sunday night while traveling in Colombia , `` We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists , neo-Nazis or the KKK . These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate , and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms . ''
HELSINKI , March 31 A surge of energy coursing through their bodies helped Tessa Virtue and Scott Moir produce an electrifying short dance as the Canadians made a winning comeback with a record score at the world figure skating championships on Friday .
Back at the global meet for the first time since 2013 , the 2010 Olympic champions proved they had lost none of the sultry moves or dazzling footwork that had earned them two world titles during Act I of their career .
On Friday , they broke their own world record by earning 82.43 points for their hip-swinging routine performed to a medley of Prince songs .
A slight loss of synchronisation on their side-by-side twizzles was the only flaw but even that blip could not prevent them from opening up an almost unbeatable lead of 5.54 points over twice-world champions and French training partners Gabriella Papadakis and Guillaume Cizeron .
To the delight of the crowd at Helsinki 's Hartwell Arena , they finished their display to `` Kiss '' and `` Purple Rain '' with the latest reincarnation of their show-stopping 'goose lift ' .
As Moir glided sideways in a crouched spread-eagle position , Virtue , clad in a shimmering purple and black catsuit , climbed onto their thighs before arching backwards with outstretched arms .
It was a performance that left the fans cheering and stamping their feet in approval .
`` I felt really electrocuted , there was so much energy going through my body , '' a beaming Moir , who took a two-year break from the sport following their silver-medal performance at the 2014 Sochi Olympics , told reporters .
Virtue added : `` Part of this comeback was to skate artistically in a way that we feel represents the place we are in right now as artists . The best part of that performance knew that we could n't have done more on the ice . ''
That was not a sentiment shared by their closest challengers , whose twizzles were downgraded to a level three after Cizeron missed a rotation .
To add to their woes , Cizeron suffered a cut to their hand which could hinder their medal chances on Saturday if they struggle to pull off the lifts in their free dance cleanly .
With only 0.64 of a point separating Papadakis and Cizeron from fourth-placed Americans Madison Chock and Evan Bates , one false move could leave the French out of the top three .
Madison Hubbell and Zachary Donahue completed a promising day for the Americans by finishing third with 76.53 . ( Reporting by Pritha Sarkar ; editing by Mark Heinrich )
The prosecutor recommends no bail for the offense of illegal possession of explosives , and a P120,000 bail bonds for the offense of illegal possession of firearms
Published 8:47 PM , February 02 , 2018
MANILA , Philippines – The inquest prosecutor in charge of the case of Rafael Baylosis and Guillermo Roque on Friday , February 2 , resolved that the two were lawfully arrested for illegally possessing firearms and explosives .
An advisory from the Criminal Investigation and Detection Group of the National Capital Region said the prosecutor found the evidence presented was sufficient to bring the suspects to trial .
The prosecutor recommended no bail for the offense of illegal possession of explosives , and a P120,000 bail bonds for the offense of illegal possession of firearms .
Baylosis , a National Democratic Front consultant , and Roque were arrested on Wednesday , January 31 . Leftist groups earlier slammed the rearrest of Baylosis due to what they called `` false or trumped-up charges . ''
Another case will be filed against the two for refusing to have their fingerprints and mugshots taken , an alleged violation of Article 151 of the Revised Penal Code . – Rappler.com
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
( Adds Joffe comment )
JOHANNESBURG , March 31 Brian Joffe , the founder of South Africa 's Bidvest , will list a 2 billion rand ( $ 150 million ) investment firm , Long4Life , on the Johannesburg Securities Exchange next week , the firm said in a pre-listing statement on Friday .
Joffe will provide 100 million rand of the capital themselves and institutional investors will subscribe for the rest before listing the firm on April 7 . The firm will not raise any more capital on its listing date .
Long4Life aims to be more nimble than traditional private equity funds and will build up a diversified portfolio of listed and unlisted assets .
The firm will initially focus on South Africa as it needs more scale to invest abroad , Joffe told Reuters .
`` It 's an opportunistic , entrepreneurial play , '' they said .
The firm will most likely not invest in industries such as deposit-taking banks , mining and resources companies , they added .
Joffe will be Long4Life 's chief executive and only employee to start with , and the firm will aim for returns of in excess of 15 percent per annum in the medium to long term .
`` Long4Life will pursue investments predominantly with a lifestyle focus . These could include businesses in the beauty , outdoor , sport , retirement villages , and restaurants , among other sectors , '' the firm said .
Long4Life will have the share code L4L on the JSE .
( $ 1 = 13.3270 rand ) ( Reporting by TJ Strydom ; Editing by Mark Potter )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Socket Mobile Inc :
* SOCKET MOBILE SAYS ON JAN 31 , CO ENTERED INTO THIRD BUSINESS FINANCING MODIFICATION AGREEMENT WITH WESTERN ALLIANCE BANK - SEC FILING
* SOCKET MOBILE - AGREEMENT PROVIDES FOR $ 2.5 MILLION FORMULA BASED REVOLVING LINE OF CREDIT , $ 4 MILLION TERM LOAN THAT CO MAY USE TO REPURCHASE CO 'S STOCK Source text : ( bit.ly/2E7ctOy ) Further company coverage :
Chou Bun Eng ( left ) at the meeting on surrogacy organised by the Ministry of Interior yesterday in Phnom Penh . Photo supplied
Surrogacy options to PM
Members of the inter-ministerial committee charged with drafting a law to regulate commercial surrogacy met yesterday to discuss potential penalties for people involved in the industry , officials said .
“ We proposed two choices : one by civil law . . . and the other would be a strict application of the penal code , ” said Ministry of Interior official Chou Bun Eng .
Ministers will now send the options to the prime minister , Eng said . The decision will regulate how cases are treated prior to the passage of a law regulating surrogacy .
There is currently no law pertaining to commercial surrogacy in Cambodia , but several articles of the penal code originally drafted to combat human trafficking have been used to prosecute people involved in the industry .
Representatives from the ministries of women 's affairs , health , justice and foreign affairs , will meet over the coming months to draft legislation . But so far , officials are unable to confirm whether the industry will be criminalised .
“ Commercial surrogacy should not be legalised , that 's my personal opinion , ” said Ministry of Women 's Affairs official Pon Putborei . “ But the law is not finished , so I can not say [ whether it will be made legal ] . We will discuss everything in the next meeting . ”
Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson Chum Sounry said that surrogacy will remain banned in Cambodia until the law is finalised . “ If the law allows surrogacy , then it will become legal ; now we can not say , ” Sunry said .
Research by Cambodia-based gender expert Kasumi Nakagowa showed that a little over 50 percent of female respondents think surrogacy should be made illegal , while 30 percent were in favour of legalisation , and the remainder unsure .
The skyline of the banking district is pictured in Frankfurt , October 21 , 2014 . EUTERS/Ralph Orlowski
LONDON , Euro zone businesses enjoyed their best quarter in six years at the start of 2017 as soaring demand allowed them to raise prices at the fastest rate since mid-2011 , a survey suggested on Wednesday .
Although growth was not as fast as earlier predicted , the upturn was broad-based , and survey compiler IHS Markit said the data pointed to first-quarter economic growth of 0.6 percent . A Reuters poll last month predicted 0.5 percent [ ECILT/EU ] .
`` The expansion recorded by the final PMI numbers was not quite the growth spurt indicated by the flash release , but still points to an impressive rate of economic growth , '' said Chris Williamson , chief business economist at IHS Markit . `` This is a broad-based upturn among the euro zone 's largest members . The latest numbers round off the strongest quarter since the spring of 2011 . ''
The final Markit Composite Purchasing Managers ' Index , regarded as a good guide to growth , rose to a near-six year high of 56.4 in March from February 's 56.0 . An earlier flash reading had suggested a sharper rise to 56.7 .
The output price sub-index jumped to a near six-year high of 53.1 from 52.2 . That was lower than the flash 53.3 reading but will still be welcomed by the European Central Bank , which has been trying to stimulate inflation for years .
Inflation in the 19-member currency union plunged to 1.5 percent in March , official data showed on Friday , apparently vindicating ECB President Mario Draghi 's cautious policy stance and proving the bloc may be years away from a sustained rise in consumer prices . The Bank would like inflation just below 2 percent .
A PMI covering the bloc 's dominant services industry came in below a flash estimate of 56.5 , registering 56.0 . Still , that was above the 55.5 February final number and was the highest since May 2011 .
To meet growing demand - which accelerated at the fastest rate in almost six years in March - service firms ramped up hiring . The employment index was 54.4 , up from 53.6 and marking the fastest rate since the end of 2007 .
`` Most welcome for a region still suffering near-double digit unemployment is a rise in the survey 's employment index , '' Williamson said .
Detailed PMI data are only available under licence from Markit and customers need to apply to Markit for a licence .
For a graphic on Euro zone snapshot , click - tmsnrt.rs/2bkCt7Q
( Editing by Larry King )
Brooks Pinney , 7 , and their 4-year-old brother Bridger love learning about the bull terrier Patsy Ann . They love listening to their mom , Amy Pinney , read them the children 's book “ Patsy Ann of Alaska : the true story of a dog ” by Tricia Brown .
“ The kids got super into it . They read it over and over and over , and we took a pedi cab around downtown this summer and learned a little bit more about the sculpture and then it just made it even more fascinating , ” Pinney said .
On one page the book reads :
“ She walked the aisles of the theater while string musicians played Beethoven . They warmed themselves by the hotel 's wood stove as gold miners swapped tall tales . They pressed their paw prints in the fresh cement of a new sidewalk . ”
Where are those paw prints ? Pinney and their kids wanted to know .
Curious Juneau stars you and your questions . Every episode we help you find an answer . Catch up on past episodes , or ask your own question on the Curious Juneau page . https : //s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/ktoo/2017/12/11PATSYANNnpr1.mp3
Born in 1929 in Portland , Oregon , Patsy Ann moved to Juneau with their owners as a puppy .
Several authors have written that they hated staying indoors , and often wandered around downtown . They would wait on the docks for the ships to come in .
Despite being deaf , they became famous for knowing exactly when the ships would arrive . By 1934 , the mayor named them the “ Official Greeter of Juneau . ”
So those paw prints would 've been set about 80 years ago .
“ Who knows where they would have been downtown , because downtown was so different when Patsy Ann was alive … so maybe nobody even knows where they are . Other than the author , and maybe the author does n't even know , ” Pinney wondered .
That seemed like a good place to start . So I called up Tricia Brown , author of “ Patsy Ann of Alaska . ”
“ What I remember is when I read about it , I wish I knew when it was because it did n't say and that was , you know , it sparked my interest as well , so I 'm not surprised it 's also inviting somebody else 's curiosity . I just did n't , I do n't know , ” Brown said .
Brown thought they read about the paw prints in a short book by Carl Burrows published in 1939 .
I found it in the Alaska State Library 's historical collections . Burrows ' book is actually a red , 8-page booklet . A sketch of Patsy Ann is on the cover , but there was n't a word about paw prints in cement .
But Historical Collection library assistant Jacki Swearingen had a lead .
“ It 's the Kinky Bayers collection , and they wrote down a lot of newspaper articles , ” they said . “ I 'm going to look and see if maybe they have specific references to Patsy Ann . ”
Swearingen came back with list of dates and brief descriptions of newspaper articles .
At the bottom of the page one description began , “ Patsy Ann leaves their footprints for posterity … ”
“ I think this probably says ‘ July 20 , 1939 ' and maybe that , the seven might mean seventh page of the newspaper , ” Swearingen added .
Soon I was scrolling through copies of old Daily Alaska Empires on microfilm .
Page seven of the July 20 , 1939 , edition of The Daily Alaska Empire on microfilm . ( Photo by Julia Caulfield/KTOO )
An article on page seven of the July 20 , 1939 , edition of The Daily Alaska Empire describes how the bull terrier Patsy Ann ran through wet cement on South Seward Street . Old copies of the newspaper are on microfilm at the Alaska State Library . ( Photo by Julia Caulfield/KTOO )
July 20 , 1939 : Below a crossword puzzle and comic strips , I spotted the article : “ Patsy Ann Leaves Marks For Posterity . ”
The article reads :
“ Patsy Ann , Juneau 's canine boat greeter , many years a ‘ landmark ' on the waterfront , left their footprints for posterity today . “ Workmen had just completed paving the South Seward Street sidewalk and it lay smooth and clean in the light of high noon — until Patsy Ann came along . “ Without concert , Patsy Ann trotted down the middle of the new cement . Workmen chased them and they increased their speed , but they kept to the middle of the fresh sidewalk and assured coming generations to some memory of Patsy Ann , the dog that all Juneau knows . ”
So that 's that . Patsy Ann left their paw prints on a South Seward Street sidewalk .
Someone from City and Borough of Juneau Public Works told me that the sidewalk had probably been through two to four iterations since then .
I met with Amy Pinney and their kids on a snowy , windy day on South Seward , to share with them what I had found .
But seven-year-old Brooks still had a question .
“ Why did they have to rip apart Patsy Ann 's track ? ” they asked .
Their mom chimed in .
“ I guess back then when they tore up the first sidewalk they would n't have known what kind of mascot they would have been for the town , ” Pinney said . “ But it should have been known since the mayor named their 'official ship greeter ' … and it just seems so romantic . If we get a dog we 'll have to get one just like Patsy Ann . ”
Patsy Ann passed away in 1942 , but you can still see their statue on the downtown Juneau waterfront . Even though their paw prints are gone , their story is still capturing Juneau kids ' imaginations .
JENNIFER LAWRENCE
Starred In : House at the End of the Street ( 2012 )
Sure , Lawrence took home an Oscar for Silver Linings Playbook in 2013 , but the year was also memorable thanks to their MTV Movie Award nomination for Best Scared-As-S -- - Performance . The award recognized their turn as a teen who becomes wrapped up in a thrilling mystery after discovering a gruesome neighborhood secret .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
× No one hurt after fire at homeless encampment
SEATTLE- A homeless encampment caught fire early Saturday morning .
Fire crews responded to the camp between I-5 North and I-90 Eastbound .
The Seattle Fire Department says three to four tents were destroyed by the fire .
The fire was more intense because of woody pallets and propane tanks that had vented .
It took firefighters about an hour to extinguish the flames .
No one was hurt .
OLATHE , Kan. ( AP ) — A former Johnson County corrections employee was sentenced to six months in prison for lewd behavior and trafficking in contraband .
The Kansas City Star reports 25-year-old Alyssa Jo Staats was sentenced Monday to six months of “ shock time ” in jail as a condition for a two-year probation sentence .
Staats was originally charged last year with having unlawful sexual relations with an adult offender in the county 's Therapeutic Community , an intensive drug treatment program .
They pleaded no contest and was found guilty in December on amended charges of trafficking contraband in a correctional facility , obstructing a law enforcement officer and lewd and lascivious behavior .
Ryan Gosling wears their dog 's identity tags in tribute to their late canine companion .
The 'Blade Runner 2049 ' actor was left devastated when their `` good friend '' George passed away in December and currently has no interest in getting another pet .
Asked about their unusual necklace , they said : `` Yeah , that 's George . ''
And when talk show host Ellen DeGeneres asked if he 'd get another dog , they looked downcast as they shook their head and said : `` We 'll see . ''
Ryan , 36 , admitted George had been their constant companion over the years , no matter where they were in the world .
They said : `` Almost every film , [ he came ] everywhere . ''
The 'Notebook ' actor admitted they find it hard to think of George as a dog because the pooch acted like other canines were `` beneath '' him .
They said : `` He was 17 , they passed away in December and they were a good friend to me .
`` It 's funny to say 'dog ' because I feel like , there was something about George where I think they felt like being a dog was beneath him . They would not do tricks . If you wanted them to sit down you had to sort of convince them it was in their best interests .
`` One time we were at an outdoor restaurant and they were sitting on the pavement looking forlorn down the street .
The dust has now settled following the $ 450 million sale of Leonardo Da Vinci 's Salvator Mundi . But there are still a few rather difficult questions about the sale to be tackled , according to our art expert Huon Mallalieu .
One of the many weird things about the sale of the Salvator Mundi for $ 450 million ( £337 million ) was the repeated claim of Christie 's that it was ‘ the last Leonardo painting left in private hands ' .
It 's the business of auctioneers to know who owns anything important that might come onto the market and , even when the statement was qualified to ‘ fewer than 20 paintings by Leonardo are known to exist and all save for Salvator Mundi are in museum collections ' , it will have puzzled at least two owners .
Two versions of the Madonna of the Yarnwinder are now accepted as prime versions from the hand of the master ; the Duke of Buccleuch 's is only on loan to the National Galleries of Scotland and the second is in an anonymous American private collection .
The decision to offer the painting , ‘ circa 1500 ' , in a Post-War and Contemporary auction in New York also seemed weird at first sight , but was , in fact , logical and justified by the result .
The clue to that logic is revealed in part of the description : ‘ Both of Christ 's hands , the exquisitely rendered curls of their hair , the orb , and much of their drapery are in fact remarkably well preserved and close to their original state ' . The implication is that a good deal of it was indeed contemporary , and turns out to be the work of a well-respected New York restorer .
The right hand is convincing , but it 's surprising that the left with the orb should be accepted so uncritically . After all , a scientist of Leonardo 's standing would surely have noticed that images seen through a glass sphere are reversed .
So what did Salvator Mundi look like before conservation ? The answer was given on this Instagram post by Tom Campbell , former director of the Metropolitan Museum in New York .
450 million dollars ? ! Hope the buyer understands conservation issues… @ christiesinc # leonardodavinci # salvatormundi # readthesmallprint A post shared by Tom Campbell ( @ thomaspcampbell ) on Nov 15 , 2017 at 5:52pm PST
Not a pretty sight , and the Art Newspaper has run a long analysis discussing what has been done .
Bidders in contemporary sales are perhaps thought to be less concerned about such matters than traditional Old Master buyers . They may also be less concerned with provenance – patchy in this case – or the fact that the 25¾in by 17¾in painting had been offered around the market for the past decade or so .
A further irreverent thought : Christie 's had found a guaranteed buyer at £95 million . As that was very comfortably exceeded , and given the history of defaulting buyers during the Oriental art boom , it must be hoped that the auction house has also laid off against the unnamed buyer , widely suspected to be ‘ Chinese or other Asian ' .
In the wake of the sale , the bookie Paddy Power was offering 8/1 that the ‘ piece is confirmed to be a fake ; 16/1 Sale falls through ; 25/1 Some-one else comes forward with the “ real ” painting ; 66/1 The piece is damaged in transit to the home of the buyer ' .
Actually , I would think that the first of these should have attracted by far the longest odds .
April 28 Toscana Energy Income Corp
* TOSCANA ENERGY ANNOUNCES NEW $ 36 MILLION SENIOR SECURED REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY
* TOSCANA ENERGY ANNOUNCES NEW $ 36 MILLION SENIOR SECURED REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY
* TOSCANA ENERGY INCOME - HAS ENTERED COMMITMENT LETTER WITH RESPECT TO NEW SENIOR SECURED DEMAND REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY WITH ALBERTA TREASURY BRANCHES Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - NE Neungyule Inc :
* Says it will issue 1st series unregistered and unsecured private convertible bonds , to raise 5 billion won in proceeds for operations
* Maturity date is Feb. 7 , 2023 , coupon rate is 0 percent and yield to maturity is 1 percent for the bonds
* Conversion price is 4,716 won/share and conversion ratio is 100 percent
Source text in Korean : goo.gl/q2qUPq
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
April 13 Komputronik SA :
* Said on Wednesday that its majority shareholders plans to announce tender offer for 100 pct stakes in the company
* The tender offer is to be announced by Marinera Invest Sp . z o.o . ( tenderer ) on the basis of agreement with EKB Sp . z o.o . ( EKB ) and WB iTOTAL Sp . z o.o . ( WB iTOTAL ) signed on April 12
* A condition of tender offer was that tenderer receives a loan to finance the tender and the bank granted a loan to a tenderer
* The tender offer to be announced in terms of 3 days after signing the agreement by tenderer and EKB and WB iTOTAL
Source text for Eikon :
Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
ATHENS , March 30 Greece 's OPAP , Europe 's fourth-biggest betting firm , will conclude the roll-out of a new business of video lottery terminals ( VLTs ) next year , it said on Thursday .
OPAP revived in November its plans to launch 16,500 terminals , a catalyst for its future growth , after Greece 's gaming commission approved new , less rigid rules . The company launched the new business in January and already operates 1,274 machines .
In a conference call presenting 2016 results , Chief Executive Officer Damian Cope said that OPAP will continue the rollout of the machines until the middle of next year and that 2019 will be the first full year of operation .
OPAP , which was fully privatised in 2013 , currently offers sports betting and lotteries through a network of about 5,750 outlets in Greece and Cyprus via a revenue-sharing scheme with agents .
On Wednesday , it posted a 19.2 percent drop in fourth-quarter core profit , hurt by an austerity tax .
The company has been investing in new products and the upgrade of its outlets and issued a 200 million euro bonds this month to help cover the cost .
Cope said that the majority of its agents have agreed to a new commission scheme for 2017-2021 which will enable OPAP to offer `` a more flexible and competitive sports offering '' . ( Reporting by Angeliki Koutantou , editing by David Evans )
MADRID — Former Chelsea and Real Madrid defender Ricardo Carvalho has been convicted of tax fraud in Spain .
Although they will not have to spend any time in jail , the 39-year-old Carvalho was sentenced to seven months in prison and fined almost 143,000 euros ( $ 168,000 ) for irregularities committed against tax authorities in the fiscal years of 2011 and 2012 .
The Spanish court says Carvalho admitted to the irregularities during the trial . They will not have to go to prison because sentences of less than two years for first-time offenders can be suspended .
The veteran Portugal defender moved from Chelsea to Real Madrid in 2010 . They played with the Spanish club until 2013 .
Transportation , teachers retirement funds topics at GOP town hall meeting
NORWALK — Highway tolls , the Merritt 7 train station and teacher retirement funds were among the topics raised during a town hall style meeting held several Republican lawmakers at the South Norwalk Branch Library this week .
Bobbie Kinn , a retired teacher who lives in Norwalk , said they paid into teachers ' retirement pension fund while working .
“ I 'm forced to into the pension , I 'm forced to pay into the insurance fund and then I retire and find out the state has not been funding their share of either of those , ” Kinn said . “ Now I get hit with a bill that if I want to keep the insurance I have , it 's going to cost me $ 110 more a month . And so I want to know this rainy fund — the money that went into the rainy day fund — why was n't some of it put into paying those obligations ? ”
Kinn was among more than a dozen Norwalk and Wilton residents to attend the town hall type meeting held by state Reps. Fred Wilms , R-142 , Terrie Wood , R-141 , and Gail Lavielle , R-143 , at the branch library Tuesday evening . The lawmakers provided an overview of the recent legislative session in Hartford before fielding questions .
All three lawmakers welcomed the state receiving more than $ 1 billion in unexpected , albeit one-time revenue , through the repatriation of offshore profits by financial firms , and noted partisan differences over how much of the windfall to place into the state 's rainy day fund .
Republicans proposed that a third of the windfall be placed in the state employees ' pension fund , a third into the teachers ' pension fund , and a third into the rainy day fund . In the final compromise budget adjustment package , the entire windfall went into the rainy day fund .
Lavielle , of Wilton , told Kinn that additional money was found elsewhere to bolster the teachers ' post-retirement health care fund . They elaborated Wednesday , saying the budget adjustment agreed upon by Republicans and Democrats restored the state 's annual contribution to the fund to 33 percent .
“ The budget restored the full amount of the state 's share of the teachers ' post-retirement health care contributions , but we still have a very large backlog , ” Lavielle said . “ This was one pressing problem and one that all of us heard a great deal about and justifiably so . But there are still others that remain unsolved , and addressing these unfunded post-retirement liabilities remains probably the biggest hurdle that the next legislative assembly and governor must overcome . ”
A controversial proposal to bring back highway tolls to fund needed transportation projects also generated discussion at the meeting .
On May 2 , House Speaker Joe Aresimowicz , D-Berlin , conceded their Democratic majority did n't have the votes to move a bill through the House and begin the process of implementing tolls . Republicans have opposed the proposal as it stands .
“ We have been asked for many , many years to approve the concept of tolls as an aspect concept , as an abstract idea , ” Lavielle said Tuesday evening .
They said lawmakers have n't been told how much it cost to install tolls , how much it would cost to administer them and how much motorists would pay . They said she 's awaiting a formal proposal .
Wilms , of Norwalk , suggested that the state instead consider building along Interstate 95 and additional traffic lane whose direction would shift , as do major highway lanes in Chicago near where they grew up .
“ That really does help manage traffic flow , ” Wilms said . “ I guess the equivalent that we would have here would be let 's say on 95 that we construct a middle lane between the regular lanes , and in the morning it flows from Bridgeport to Greenwich , and in the evening it flows the other way . ”
In another transportation issue , Kinn asked if the state still intends to build a new Merritt 7 train station . Citing the nearly depleted State Transportation Fund , Gov . Dannel P. Malloy and Connecticut Department of Transportation Commissioner James Redeker in January year hit the brakes on $ 4.3 billion worth of planned transportation projects , including improvements to the Merritt 7 station .
“ It was on the list of the things they were scheduled to cancel , ” Lavielle said . “ We averted that . So I believe that since it was one the list it should be going forward , but I 'm not sure of the timing . ”
Added Wilms , “ We can follow up on that . ”
DOT spokesperson Judd Everhart said in January that design for the project is complete so that it can move into construction quickly once dollars are available .
— Reporter Bill Cummings contributed to this story
Ed Sheeran and Sir Elton John look like the mirror images of each other at the Argento Ball for the Elton John AIDS Foundation on Wednesday .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Brussels ' insistence on ordering European Union ( EU ) nations to accept third world migrants could lead to the bloc 's break-up , Poland 's president Andrzej Duda has warned .
The EU principle of unity , Duda told a press conference Thursday , “ must come down to the fact that we work together … we do not try to force other states to act against their own interests and against the interests of their people . ”
advertisement
“ Therefore , we do n't agree to being dictated to , with regards to the quota system and forcing migrants to move to Poland , against our people 's will , ” they stressed , speaking after talks with Bulgarian president Rumen Radev .
Duda added that Poland and Bulgaria share the “ same and unequivocal ” position on how Europe should deal with the migrant crisis , stating both countries believe the bloc should protect its borders , and provide aid to refugees close to their homelands .
Bulgaria Seeks Allies To Defend Against Turkish Invasion of Europe https : //t.co/Xxd1AyHnHp pic.twitter.com/mhnNF4oHe6 — Breitbart London ( @ BreitbartLondon ) July 22 , 2016
Unity , equality , and solidarity are “ the basic principles of the EU ” , said Duda , who hails from Poland 's conservative Law and Justice ( PiS ) Party .
“ If these principles are broken , then , in my opinion , it will mean the end of the bloc as we know it — or certainly its decline , which will lead to the disintegration of the Union . ”
Solidarity with regards to the migrant crisis means giving mutual support in dealing with the problems , according to Poland 's president , who pointed out that the nation sent guards to Bulgaria to help protect the Union 's external border .
“ Both for Bulgaria and ourselves , preventing illegal immigration by maintaining an efficient , tightly guarded EU border , that can not be easily crossed is one of the most important tasks to be undertaken , ” they said .
In 2015 , against Central European nations ' wishes , EU interior ministers approved a plan to force member states to welcome a share of third world migrants who arrived on the continent since German Chancellor Angela Merkel opened the borders .
Poland : EU Will Not ‘ Impose a Social Catastrophe ' with Migrant Quotas https : //t.co/dAlcrPH05O — Breitbart London ( @ BreitbartLondon ) July 3 , 2017
Threatened with sanctions over their refusal to take the share of “ refugees ” dictated by Brussels , Polish interior minister Mariusz Błaszczak insisted that financial penalties would do less damage to the nation than being made to take in migrants .
Radio Poland has reported that , with a €50 million contribution announced last month , Warsaw is the largest donor so far to the European Investment Bank 's Economic Resilience Initiative , which aids refugees living in nations including Algeria , Egypt , Lebanon , Tunisia , Syria , Albania , and Serbia .
According to the bank , the initiative “ aims at rapidly mobilising additional financing in support of the capacity of economies in the Southern Neighbourhood and Western Balkans regions to absorb and respond to crises and shocks , such as the Syrian refugee crisis , while maintaining strong growth ” .
As one of the best-selling singers in history , with one stiletto in country and the other in pop , it 's easy to forget Twain 's childhood in Timmins was punctuated by poverty and familial dysfunction . In fact , had they not been blessed with real musical chops , it 's possible she 'd now be clearing dishes in a waffle house .
That 's not a shot at them personally , or even a put-down of anyone who lives in a place where opportunities are scarce and prosperity is unlikely . Twain broke free . They shattered the socioeconomic trajectory of most others in similar childhood predicaments . They started life behind the proverbial 8-ball and then cleared the pool table with one magical shot that continues to bank off the edges of good fortune .
But despite their rise to the top of an industry that is harder to conquer than politics , it is their response in the Guardian — not their subsequent apology — that 's fascinating . In 2016 , when they listened to Trump speak , they heard a straight shooter who was only offensive because they were telling the truth . They heard an anti-establishment saviour commence hostilities on political correctness . They heard honesty .
In other words , they heard exactly what Trump fans still hear .
That alone is worth investigating because it suggests , once again , that Trump 's appeal is and always will be psychological . Given their progressive stand on issues , Twain should 've seen Trump 's platform as destructive . Given their hardscrabble past , they should 've realized their policies are sure to hurt the very people who support them most . Given their own painful experience with deceit — their first husband cheated on them with their best friend — Twain should 've detected Trump 's endless barrage of lies . Trump is honest in the same way Justin Trudeau is serious .
But instead of seeing Trump for what they are — a narcissist plagued with insecurity and a lack of empathy who is propped up by bootlicking enablers with no moral and intellectual courage — Twain saw an antidote to political BS .
Now that they have apologized , maybe they can expand on why they felt this way , why they believed the good in Trump outweighed the bad . Maybe they can help give voice to those who believe the U.S. president is misunderstood and wrongly maligned .
Maybe they can give us some insights before the next Trump comes along .
That would be far more useful than any hasty apology .
A HONG KONG delegation said businesses based in the Special Administrative Region want a better idea of how the government plans to develop Metro Manila to guide their investment plans .
Jonathan K.S . Choi , deputy chairperson of the Hong Kong-based Chinese General Chamber of Commerce , said the group has asked the Department of Trade and Industry ( DTI ) for a 10-year master plan for developing Metro Manila .
“ We proposed to them that there should be a master design for the whole of Metro Manila . What are you going to do in the coming 10 years ? You should have a master plan for that , ” Mr. Choi said in a Tuesday briefing in Makati City .
“ If we have the master plan and also the timetable we know what will happen in the future . Therefore we can plan ahead… we can target these projects… we can invest ourselves , ” they said , adding that investors have “ to cherry-pick ” the best opportunities .
For their part , Trade Secretary Ramon M. Lopez noted the government 's efforts to liberalize trade and boost economic growth .
“ It is really in our interest to continue to generate a positive business environment — to generate jobs and more business , especially for MSMEs , ” Mr. Lopez said in their speech at the Hong Kong Trade Development Council event .
Mr. Lopez also highlighted the Philippines ' improving relationship with China .
“ It is through President Rodrigo R. Dutere and President Xi Jinping that two countries ' relationship has prospered — not only in infrastructure but also in trade and investment . We are beginning to see a lot of improvements especially on the trade and investment side , ” they added . — Janina C. Lim
March 28 Turners Ltd :
* FY17 net profit before tax expected to be between $ 24.0 million and $ 24.5 million
* Q3 dividend declared at 4 cents per share , taking total of 3 interim year-to-date dividends to 10 cents per share
* All figures in NZ $ Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
The logo of state-owned Israel Aerospace Industries ( IAI ) , the country 's biggest defence contractor , is seen at their offices next to Ben Gurion International airport , near Or Yehuda , Israel February 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Baz Ratner
JERUSALEM State-owned Israel Aerospace Industries ( IAI ) has struck a deal worth almost $ 2 billion to supply India 's army and navy with missile defense systems , the company said on Thursday , describing it as Israel 's largest ever defense deal .
IAI [ ISRAI.UL ] said in a statement it would supply an advanced air defense system , including medium-range surface-to-air missiles , launchers and communications and control technology , to the Indian army for around $ 1.6 billion .
An additional naval defense system , including long-range surface-to-air missiles , would be deployed on India 's first aircraft carrier , which is still being built , the statement said . The value of that deal was not disclosed , but IAI said the total package was worth nearly $ 2 billion .
Israel is one of the top three arms suppliers to India , which shares borders with nuclear-armed China and Pakistan . Between 2008-2015 , India was the world 's second largest developing-world arms purchaser , according to the U.S. Congress .
Until recently , India kept its defense ties with Israel under wraps , largely out of fear of upsetting Arab countries and its own large Muslim population .
But Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi , whose nationalist party sees Israel as an ally against Islamist militancy , has openly cultivated warmer ties , and is due to visit Israel later this year .
( Reporting by Jeffrey Heller and Maayan Lubell ; Editing by Jon Boyle )
RICHMOND , Va – Jimmy Budd and Jameson Deloatch from RVA Fashion week stopped by with 2 models showing off local fashions . The week-long event includes networking events , blogger socials and a big runway show happens Saturday , April 28th that benefits Neighborhood Housing Services of Richmond , Inc .
The show is from 8-10pm at The Jefferson Hotel in the Grand Ballroom followed by a reception with hors d'oeuvres , cocktails and live music . For more information go towww.rvafashionweek.com
Forest Service agrees to study sheep grazing near bighorns
BOISE , Idaho ( AP ) — Federal officials have agreed to settle a lawsuit with environmental groups that prevents domestic sheep from grazing in eastern Idaho until a scientific study addressing how they might threaten bighorn sheep with deadly diseases is completed .
The U.S. Forest Service last week agreed with the Western Watersheds Project and WildEarth Guardians to prohibit domestic sheep owned by the University of Idaho from grazing via permits issued to the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's Sheep Experiment Station .
`` It 's a significant step forward for bighorn sheep to have these allotments remain unused by domestic sheep until the agency does a thorough environmental analysis , '' said Laurie Rule , an attorney for Advocates For The West representing the groups .
Court documents say the lawsuit will be dismissed unless the American Sheep Industry Association , which intervened in the case , files an objection by July 27 . Chase Adams , senior policy and information director for the association , said Tuesday the association is consulting with its attorneys .
The lawsuit filed in October challenges the Forest Service 's authorization of the grazing allotments in the Caribou-Targhee National Forest , an area also used by a herd of about 36 South Beaverhead Rocky Mountain bighorns . The federal court in November issued a temporary injunction preventing domestic sheep from being released into the area last fall and winter .
U.S. Forest Service officials did not return a phone message seeking comment on Tuesday . University of Idaho officials had no immediate comment on the lawsuit , said spokesperson Brad Gary .
The domesticated sheep have grazed in the area cited by environmentalists for years . The sheep station conducts agricultural research and operates on about 75 square miles ( 195 square kilometers ) in Idaho . It also grazes sheep on federal public land in Idaho and Montana .
That public land includes the Snakey Canyon and Kelley Canyon grazing allotments on the southern end of the Beaverhead Mountains west of Dubois , Idaho , where 2,200 sheep are permitted to graze .
The sheep station has operated for about a century . Environmentalists have filed previous lawsuits over the grazing areas in the region that are in a key east-west wildlife corridor in the Centennial Mountains between Yellowstone National Park and rugged central Idaho lands .
A 392-pound ( 178-kilogram ) male grizzly bear being tracked by researchers disappeared in September 2012 from sheep station property . Its collar was later found hidden under a rock in a creek . The body of the bear was never found .
( Corrects dividend to T $ 127.5 million from T $ 94.6 million in third summary point after company corrects statement )
March 27 Copartner Technology Corp :
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T $ 1.11 per share to shareholders for 2016
* To use additional paid-in capital to distribute T $ 0.39 per share
* To pay cash dividend of T $ 127.5 million in total
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/9t8yRp
Further company coverage :
( Beijing Headline News )
They were convicted after almost four and a half years of trial . They pleaded guilty to lesser charges and got off lightly with time served . They are Mr. AB , an American convicted in an Olongapo Court recently of child trafficking and child sexual abuse . They may yet be tried in the United States on other charges for violating the extraterritorial jurisdiction law . This law targets US nationals suspected of being in any way involved in human trafficking , or the sexual abuse of minors in countries outside of the USA . They ran a sex bar in Subic town , named the Crow Bar , then changed to Avila 's , where minors as young as 14 years old were sexually assaulted . They admitted in a TV interview acts considered crimes against children . See “ The Raid ” on https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=7xRCk8Ni-cs .
Undercover retired foreign police agents did surveillance work in the bars around Subic and Olongapo City , gathered evidence and discovered their sex bar operation sexually exploiting minors . Preda social workers confirmed that there were minors in the sex bar . They contacted the children and prepared them to be rescued and protected in a therapeutic home for abused girls . It was a resounding success . Agents from the National Bureau of Investigation ( NBI ) from Manila conducted the rescue with Preda and government social workers .
During the trial , their supporters and customers tried to blacken the name of the Preda Foundation for protecting the child witness and enabling them to testify . Their supporter got a witness to retract their testimony for money but they thought better of it later and realized that they had been manipulated . Mr. DK committed an act that qualified as an obstruction of justice . These men and their sex mafia supporters were soundly defeated with the conviction of Mr. AB .
They are infuriated and angry with the Preda Foundation ( www.preda.org ) , a charity for saving the children , protecting them and empowering them to testify in court , which had led to Mr. AB 's conviction . They had to pay a big fine and compensation . The conviction was a resounding statement that the sex bar operators , their supporters and customers are part of a criminal conspiracy to abuse children . Their opposition to the conviction and support for the convicted mean they approve of their crime .
The foreign suspects in the Philippines , some permanent residents whose names have been given to the authorities , are under surveillance and watched and will be arrested once evidence is found against them . There are some foreign retired police still doing the surveillance .
They target the foreigners operating sex bars and their supporters and customers . The sex mafia has launched another black propaganda attack on the Preda children 's charity and against the author of this article . They are angry and frustrated at being challenged by children 's charities for their sex crimes against minors , which some of the pedophiles and sex tourists consider it their right to do .
They hate being called to account and exposed for their crimes against Filipino children . The public can know these foreigners because they falsely accuse the charity workers and spread over the internet false allegations against those brave people who are defending the abused children .
That 's the biggest mistake they could make . Being under attack by the sex mafia is a badge of courage and bravery for the charities protecting children and fighting for their rights . The charities receive international humanitarian awards and greater support as a result . It shows just how much success has been achieved against the sex mafia .
It is poverty that makes so many children vulnerable to the foreign sex pedophiles . Jessica , seven years old , is one of 5.2 million suffering extreme poverty in the Philippines . Out of a dangerously large population of 103.2 million people , they were just one of the millions of unlucky children who missed out escaping the total abject poverty of yet so many poor children and adults in a country that is growing richer .
Jessica missed out , and while 3.7 million Filipinos were lifted into a less extreme form of poverty , yet 9.5 percent still suffer hunger and deprivation . We do n't forget 5.2 million are still living in poverty . Jessica is among them . It is this poverty that drives children on to the streets and encourages sex tourists , bar operators and their customers and defenders to roam freely with impunity and abuse these children .
They were an abused child and was in grave danger of being sold into a cybersex den . It turned out that Jessica 's mother and female partner had no love or respect for Jessica . They were repeatedly scolded and cursed and beaten . This caused psychological hurt and trauma . They were brought to the Preda Home for Girls and immediately given care and medical attention . Jessica has been saved from life on the streets and from traffickers and sex bars and has a positive life ahead . They are just one of almost 70 children in the care homes of Preda and many more are being helped in the community . Jessica is now relaxed and comfortable at the Preda children 's home and has recovered over the past five months . They have gained weight , is healthy and playful . They have made friends in the Preda home and is part of the family . A great success on top of the victory over the traffickers .
www.preda.org
By Abby Hassler
The wait for new music will “ soon ” be over for 30 Seconds to Mars fans . The band released a humorous teaser video to announce their upcoming single “ Walk on Water , ” which will arrive in Aug. 22 .
Related : Muse , 30 Seconds to Mars , PVRIS Announce Summer Tour
In the video , a label executive chastises the band for not putting out a new album in four years and that they keep telling their fans they will put out new music sometime “ soon . ”
“ People are sick and tired of soon , ” the executive says . “ Soon does n't mean s— . F— soon . We need to go now . ”
Watch the explicit announce now on Radio.com .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
INDIANAPOLIS – A woman who was badly burned in an accident is receiving international attention after an interaction they had with a curious orangutan at the Indianapolis Zoo , according to WXIN .
Darci Miller was working in their backyard on May 5 , 2015 when they tried to clear out some garbage by burning it , accidentally igniting some gas fumes in the process .
They were hospitalized for three weeks and underwent multiple surgeries .
`` I was in a coma for nine days , '' Miller said .
The majority of the burns were on their upper arms , chest and face . They recovered well , and they were eventually allowed to go home as long as they were under 24-hour care .
She 's had numerous surgeries since then in order to get more range of motion in their neck and arms .
On June 14 , 2017 , they traveled to Indianapolis with their fiancé Jason Costello for an appointment at the burn center . They had some free time , so they decided to go to the Indianapolis Zoo . Miller told WXIN it had been years since they last visited the zoo , so they wanted to check out the new orangutan exhibit .
That 's where Miller met Rocky . The orangutan appeared to be fascinated with Miller and their injuries .
`` He immediately spotted me and came over to the window and was very engulfed in everything I had going on , '' said Miller . `` It was kind of a guessing game . They were just pointing to everything so I was just showing them the bandages on my neck , and my tattoos and the burns on my arms . ''
One of the zookeepers told Miller that Rocky is very inquisitive , and he 's very interested by tattoos or anything out of the ordinary .
Miller told WXIN they were thinking , “ There is no way this is possible . Is this real ? ”
Miller says they spent 20 minutes in the exhibit interacting with Rocky . They left with Costello to explore other areas of the zoo , but they stopped by the orangutan exhibit one last time before leaving . They said Rocky immediately came to the window to greet them , and it was clear they recognized them
Miller says the past few years have definitely been filled with ups and downs , and this interaction was definitely one of the ups .
“ This day made me feel really good about myself , ” Miller said .
Zoo officials have also seen the video . A spokesperson issued the following statement about the interaction between Rocky and Miller :
`` Like all orangutans , Rocky is observant and curious . Our orangutans eagerly interact and communicate with people they know well , such as their caregivers . Rocky is a bit different . They regularly interact with people they may not know . The exchange in the video is a great example of this . Rocky is communicating with the woman in the video , and shows a clear sense of urgency when they gesture towards their injury . We ca n't say what was going through their mind at the time , but their behavior demonstrates strong interest and concern . There is no doubt that this was an important interaction for him , and their gestures to the woman clearly communicate that . ''
The attention is nothing new for Rocky . The 12-year-old orangutan has gotten national attention for mimicking human sounds , the first known orangutan to do so . He 's also had a photo shoot where they were paired up with the singer Fergie .
Miller said they have offered to help firefighters show young students the dangers of fire . She 's also looking forward to meeting Rocky again and seeing if they get a similar reaction .
VANCOUVER , British Columbia ( AP ) — A female stunt driver has died after a motorcycle crash on a set for the movie “ Deadpool 2 ” in downtown Vancouver , police said Monday .
The driver 's name was not immediately released .
Witness Sharmina Kermalli said they had just walked into a Starbucks next door to where the accident happened when they heard a loud crash . They ran out of the coffee shop and saw glass still falling on the body of the woman .
A crumpled motorcycle was seen lying on its side at the location of the accident near Vancouver 's waterfront .
Police said officers were at the scene and investigators with WorkSafeBC , the provincial workplace safety agency , were also looking into the crash .
“ We are deeply saddened by the accident that occurred on the set of ‘ Deadpool 2 ' this morning . Our hearts and prayers are with the family , friends and colleagues of our crew member during this difficult time , ” said a spokesperson for 20th Century Fox .
Deadpool , a Marvel Comics superhero , is played by Vancouver-born actor Ryan Reynolds .
Another stuntman was fatally injured last month during production of “ The Walking Dead ” when they fell head-first onto concrete about 22 feet ( 7 meters ) below after appearing to try to grab a railing to stop their fall .
It 's been a good day on the markets as we are seeing green right across the board .
The Canadian dollar strengthened today on word the Bank of Canada will hold interest rates steady at 1.25 – percent but Governor Stephen Poloz did raise expectations a boost would be likely in July .
The dollar is trading at 0.7765 cents against the American greenback .
The TSX clawed back some ground on the strength of the energy sector up 126 points to 16,048 .
Oil also a big winner today gaining $ 1.62 to $ 68.35 a barrel .
On Wall Street , both the Dow and Nasdaq posted gains after a weak day yesterday . T
The Dow at 24,672 and the Nasdaq up 65 points to 7,462 .
Gold is also up $ 3.40 to $ 1,305 an ounce .
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON , June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year , the Premier League club said on Wednesday .
AUGUSTA , Georgia , April 8 Rory McIlroy said on Saturday they need to play the round of their life to complete the career grand slam but the world number two does not plan to take too many risks on a notoriously demanding Augusta National layout .
The 27-year-old Northern Irishman will start the final round on Sunday six strokes behind the leaders , their European Ryder Cup teammates Justin Rose and Sergio Garcia .
McIlroy looked as though a sizzling score might be in the cards when they made a hot start to their third round , but they ultimately ended the day further back than where they started after a one-under-par 71 that they thought could have been a 67 if not for some wasted opportunities .
However , they still think they can clinch the Green Jacket and become the sixth man to complete the career modern grand slam .
`` I can , yeah , but I need to play the round of my life tomorrow , '' said McIlroy . `` But again you ca n't start going for shots that are n't there . You still need to play smart when you have to . ''
The four-times major champion was itching to start the third round given the piece of bad luck they endured on Friday when their approach to the 18th slammed into the pin and rebounded 20 yards from the hole leading to a bogey .
And they wasted no time making their move on Saturday , using their prodigious power at the par-five second , where they smashed a fairway-metal second shot from 280 yards to set up a two-putt tap-in birdie .
They also birdied the par-four third after almost driving the green , but their charge started to peter out when they three-putted from long range for bogey at the par-four fifth after misclubbing with their approach shot .
`` It 's as simple as hitting the wrong club on the fifth hole , '' McIlroy , who switched to a nine-iron from an eight-iron , said when asked about their inability to build on their hot start .
`` The margins are so fine around this golf course . And I was just on the wrong side of it sometimes today . ''
McIlroy stumbled further with a double-bogey at the seventh , before repairing the damage with birdies at the eighth and 12th holes .
McIlroy , who took a four-shot lead into the final round of the 2011 Masters before unraveling with a closing 80 , is hoping their experience will help them to make up ground .
`` Even if you 're not playing that well , if your head is in the right place you 'll always have a chance ... especially around this place . It 's heightened even more , just because you can hear what 's going on around you , '' McIlroy said about the roars and groans of Augusta 's massive galleries .
`` So you really have to focus on yourself and not worry too much about what everyone else is doing . ''
( Editing by Andrew Both )
U.S. forward Rubio Rubin has signed with the Mexican club Tijuana .
The 21-year-old from Beaverton , Oregon , was with Utrecht in the Netherlands from 2014-17 and split last year between Denmark 's Silkeborg and Norway 's Stabaek .
They scored twice for the U.S. at the 2015 Under-20 World Cup and made their national team debut in November 2014 against Colombia . They have five international appearances .
Tijuana announced their agreement Thursday .
CALGARY — Analysts at CIBC have cut their target share price for Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd. and say its future is cloudy in the wake of its deal to sell its biggest current and growth asset — the Trans Mountain pipeline system — to the federal government .
They say , in a research report , the company will be left cash-rich but prospect-poor after it agreed to sell its existing 300,000-barrel-per-day pipeline and the delayed 590,000-bpd expansion project for $ 4.5 billion .
Kinder Morgan Canada stock fell again Wednesday , continuing the post-deal trend that saw it close nearly three per cent lower at $ 16.10 on Tuesday . It dipped as low as $ 15.89 in late Wednesday morning trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange .
CIBC slashed its 12-month price target to $ 17 from $ 22 because of its lower expectations of future growth in revenue and dividends for Kinder Morgan shareholders .
It says the company has a great deal of capital available , given Ottawa 's cash deal and the plan of its 70 per cent owner , Houston-based Kinder Morgan , Inc. , to spend more than $ 15 billion in overall growth capital over the next five years .
But the note adds that it 's unlikely that an acquisition would allow it to offset the benefit from the $ 7.4-billion expansion of its Trans Mountain pipeline .
`` While accretive options may be surfaced , we do not see a potential transaction as sufficient to offset the potential upside from the Trans Mountain expansion project , '' the note says .
`` Indeed , we question Kinder Morgan Inc. 's willingness to retain Kinder Morgan Canada longer term as it only contributes about two per cent of EBITDA ( earnings before interest , taxes , depreciation and amortization ) and has reduced growth prospects . ''
Kinder Morgan Inc. created its Canadian subsidiary in a $ 1.7-billion initial public offering last year . But the deal means investors will no longer be able to share in the financial upside of the expansion project .
Kinder Morgan Canada estimates the pipeline deal is worth about $ 12 per restricted voting share , after capital gains tax — about three-quarters of its total share price .
Tumbok Karera Tips , April 18 , 2017 ( @ SAN LAZARO PARK ) By Dodie Gonzalez Bandera
Race 1 : PATOK – ( 3 ) Temecula ; TUMBOK – ( 7 ) More Or Less ; LONGSHOT – ( 5 ) Mr . Bourbon
Race 2 : PATOK – ( 4 ) Batang Arrastre ; TUMBOK – ( 1 ) Radian Talisman ; LONGSHOT – ( 5 ) Archer Queen
Race 3 : PATOK – ( 4 ) Indianpana ; TUMBOK – ( 11 ) Piskante ; LONGSHOT – ( 9 ) Breaking Bad
Race 4 : PATOK – ( 1 ) Razzle Dazzle ; TUMBOK – ( 5 ) Toe The Mark ; LONGSHOT – ( 9 ) Storm Goddess
Race 5 : PATOK – ( 2 ) Quick Hunter ; TUMBOK – ( 4 ) Moon Laser ; LONGSHOT - ( 7 ) Summer Applause
Race 6 : PATOK – ( 12 ) War Hawk ; TUMBOK – ( 10 ) Mahayana Budur ; LONGSHOT – ( 5 ) Kisskissbangbang
Race 7 : PATOK – ( 6 ) Pamilican Island ; TUMBOK – ( 13 ) Premiere Danseur ; LONGSHOT – ( 5 ) Amulet
Race 8 : PATOK – ( 14 ) Bite My Dust ; TUMBOK – ( 1 ) Reigning Jewel ; LONGSHOT – ( 9 ) Homonhon Island
Recent Stories :
Complete stories on our Digital Edition newsstand for tablets , netbooks and mobile phones ; 14-issue free trial . About to step out ? Get breaking alerts on your mobile.phone . Text ON INQ BREAKING to 4467 , for Globe , Smart and Sun subscribers in the Philippines .
Disclaimer : The comments uploaded on this site do not necessarily represent or reflect the views of management and owner of Bandera . We reserve the right to exclude comments that we deem to be inconsistent with our editorial standards .
To subscribe to the Philippine Daily Inquirer newspaper in the Philippines , call +63 2 896-6000 for Metro Manila and Metro Cebu or email your subscription request here .
Make informed decisions .
Become an FT subscriber .
Keep abreast of significant corporate , financial and political developments around the world . Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting , expert commentary and analysis you can trust .
At Digg we try to give you the most interesting stories from around the web . But there 's too much interesting and important news from the Trump Administration to fit on our front page . So , instead , we 're providing a daily updating list of the most important Trump news you should know about during the administration 's first 100 days .
Wednesday , February 15th , 2017 . Day 27 .
Top Stories
+ Intercepted Phone Calls Show Trump Aides Maintained Contact With Russian Intelligence Throughout Campaign The New York Times
-- Trump Responds To Allegations Of Russian Connection With Early-Morning Tweetstorm Politico
Other Stories
+ Republicans Fight Over Obamacare Repeal , Question Path Forward Without Presidential Leadership Politico
+ ICE Detains Mexican Immigrant Covered By DACA Dreamer Program Reuters
+ Republicans Ask For Investigation Into EPA Members Using Encrypted Communication BuzzFeed News
Trump 's Tweets
Early this morning , Trump composed a tweetstorm responding to last night 's New York Times article accusing members of their campaign of communicating with Russian Intelligence .
The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by `` intelligence '' like candy . Very un-American ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) February 15 , 2017
Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration . Was Obama too soft on Russia ? — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) February 15 , 2017
Thank you to Eli Lake of The Bloomberg View - `` The NSA & FBI ... should not interfere in our politics ... and is '' Very serious situation for the USA — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) February 15 , 2017
Information is being illegally given to the failing @ nytimes & @ washingtonpost by the intelligence community ( NSA and FBI ? ) .Just like Russia — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) February 15 , 2017
This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton 's losing campaign . — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) February 15 , 2017
The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred . @ MSNBC & @ CNN are unwatchable . @ foxandfriends is great ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) February 15 , 2017
Here 's what happened on Tuesday .
More
Need more Trump news and analysis ? Check out our Trump channel .
​
Wednesday , President Trump wished the nation a happy Fourth of July via Twitter .
Happy Fourth of July….Our Country is doing GREAT ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) July 4 , 2018
The President then posted a second Fourth of July message via Twitter where they are featured .
“ We are and will always be one people , one family , and one glorious nation under God . Happy Fourth of July and God bless America ! ”
Happy Fourth of July , Mr. President !
The post President Trump wishes U.S. a happy Fourth of July appeared first on 850 WFTL .
KNOXVILLE , Tenn. — Former Tennessee athletic director John Currie and Greg Schiano signed a memorandum of understanding making the Ohio State defensive co-ordinator the new Volunteers football coach before the deal fell apart amid a public backlash .
The memorandum of understanding , obtained through a public records request , states Schiano would have received a six-year , $ 27 million contract . Tennessee officials say they believe the document is n't legally binding because it was never signed by Tennessee 's chief financial officer .
Currie was suspended and replaced by Phillip Fulmer five days after the Schiano deal fell through .
Tennessee Chancellor Beverly Davenport also did n't sign the document with Schiano . The memorandum that accompanied Jeremy Pruitt 's hiring as football coach last week included signatures from Pruitt , Davenport , Fulmer and chief financial officer David L. Miller .
BIG PICTURE
Clemson : The Tigers did enough to sidestep a letdown that could have come following their victory over No . 19 North Carolina five nights earlier . The result was a leg up on the rest of the conference in the race for second in the ACC behind No . 2 Virginia , which has at least a three-game lead on everyone else .
Wake Forest : This one will go on the lengthy list of ones that got away for the Demon Deacons — who also struggled down the stretch in losses to Tennessee , North Carolina and N.C. State . They missed nine of their final 10 shots in this one — including all five 3s they took in that stretch — after making 11 of their first 24 attempts of the second half .
STAR WATCH
DeVoe , a North Carolina native , was 8 of 11 from the field and made five 3-pointers for the third consecutive game . They finished one point shy of the career high they set a week earlier against Georgia Tech . `` I feel like every shot I take is going in , and fortunately , they 've been going down lately , '' they said .
FOUL TROUBLE
Reed picked up their fourth foul with 7:08 to play , necessitating Brownell 's switch to the zone , and forward Elijah Thomas also finished with four fouls for the Tigers . Reed and Thomas shared the team lead with six defensive rebounds apiece . `` Obviously , some of that ( zone defence ) was to protect our players , '' Brownell said .
TRENDING
The Demon Deacons fell to 0-6 this season against Top 25 opponents . This was just the second time they 've finished within single digits of a ranked team . North Carolina beat them 73-69 in January .
UP NEXT
Clemson : Plays host to Pittsburgh on Thursday night .
Wake Forest : Visits Miami on Wednesday night .
___
More AP college basketball : http : //collegebasketball.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
By Joedy McCreary , The Associated Press
NEW YORK Diet Coke 's makeover , which put the sugar-free drink in skinny colourful cans , helped the low-calorie brand sell more soda in North America for the first time in nearly eight years .
Coca-Cola Co. introduced four new flavours of Diet Coke in February , including mango and ginger lime , to try and lure back customers who switched to other flavoured fizzy water and other low-calorie drinks . The Atlanta-based company also redesigned the 35-year-old drink 's logo .
CEO James Quincey said the relaunch was able to bring back people who stopped drinking Diet Coke , as well as attract new drinkers , such as millennials .
Its other diet drink , Coca-Cola Zero Sugar , also posted growth after a relaunch last year that replaced Coca-Cola Zero .
Justin Bieber reportedly wants to prove to Selena Gomez that they are a `` better boyfriend '' now .
The 23-year-old singer recently rekindled their romance with the 'Bad Liar ' hitmaker after their tumultuous five-year on and off relationship ended in 2015 , and now that they 're back on track , the star is said to be keen to show their beau that he 's changed their bad boy ways .
A source said : `` Justin and Selena are great . They still spend a lot of time together , but are being low-key about it . They attend church service together , have dinner and just hang out . [ Justin ] is set on proving that they are a better boyfriend . ''
However , despite their new romance going from strength to strength , the pair wo n't be in a rush to spend the holiday season together , as Selena 's family are said to still be wary of the 'Sorry ' singer .
The insider added to People magazine : `` Justin 's family always loved Selena , but Selena 's family is still not happy about them seeing Justin . Selena does n't bring Justin to any family events . Selena is spending Christmas with their family . As of now , Justin is not invited . ''
It comes after Justin 's mother Pattie Mallette admitted they have a `` special bond '' with 25-year-old Selena .
They said : `` I do n't know so much about their personal relationship because they do n't share a whole lot , but I love them I support anything [ he does ] , if they love them I love her , and I 've met them and we have a special bond so I think she 's precious . I ca n't really speak on their relationship , that 's between them . ''
And Pattie also insisted that being in a serious relationship keeps Justin more `` grounded '' in Hollywood .
They explained : `` I think anyone with real love in their life is more grounded . I think there 's so much confusion sometimes and facade in this Hollywood world , and so it 's important for us to find the ones that truly care and stick with them . ''
( Adds quotes , context )
By William James and Guy Faulconbridge
LONDON , April 29 North Korea 's decision to test-fire a ballistic missile represents a grave threat to Japan , Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said in London on Saturday , calling on the United States and China to keep up pressure on Pyongyang .
North Korea test-fired a missile shortly after U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned that failure to curb Pyongyang 's nuclear and ballistic missile programmes could lead to `` catastrophic consequences '' .
`` Despite strong warnings by the international community , North Korea today went through its ballistic missile launch . It is a grave threat to our country . This is absolutely not acceptable . We strongly condemn such acts , '' Abe told reporters , speaking through a translator in London .
U.S. President Donald Trump has said a major conflict with North Korea was possible and that military options remain on the table .
Russia and China have warned against the use of military force .
Abe said further provocation by North Korea was `` fully conceivable '' , calling for solidarity from the international community .
`` We 'd like to maintain a close coordination with the United States , our ally , to maintain a high state of alert . We 'd like to be water-tight to ensure safety for our citizens , '' they said .
Trump has praised Chinese President Xi Jinping for their role in trying to calm the situation in North Korea . Abe welcomed Trump 's engagement with Xi and said the role of China was extremely important .
`` As prime minister I am focusing on China 's response , '' they said . `` China , I hope , will play a constructive role ... it is my high expectations that China will perform its role properly . '' ( Additional reporting by Alistair Smout ; Editing by Janet Lawrence )
DOH Secretary Paulyn Ubial also says once President Rodrigo Duterte signs the proposed Executive Order , authorities would be able to regulate the use of firecrackers and reduce injuries
MANILA , Philippines – Health Secretary Paulyn Ubial said on Sunday , January 1 , that the proposed nationwide ban on firecrackers would help deter indiscriminate firing that often claim lives on New Year 's Eve .
Ubial made the statement in a news briefing on firecracker-related injuries as the country welcomed the new year which , they said , dropped to a 10-year low in 2016 .
“ We can actually monitor better the stray bullets if we do n't have the corresponding firecrackers firing up . Mapipinpoint kung sino nagpapaputok ( Those who are firing guns can be pinpointed ) during this season if we eliminate the firecrackers , ” they said .
During the press conference , Ubial cited the case of a 15-year-old girl in Malabon City who , they said , was hit by a `` stray bullet '' on New Year 's Eve . The Philippine National Police clarified the case was actually caused by a shooting .
The health chief said she 's hoping that President Rodrigo Duterte will finally sign the proposed executive order ( EO ) imposing a nationwide firecracker ban early this year .
“ Tapos na ang complete staff work ng DOH and Presidential Management Staff so inaasahan ko po within this month ( The complete staff work of the DOH and the Presidential Management Staff us complete so I 'm hoping it will be passed this month ) and I will be pushing for Malacañang 's issuance as early as possible so that we can avoid all these unnecessary injuries , ” Ubial said .
Duterte had deferred signing the EO after several industry groups lobbied against it , citing loss of profit and livelihood as reasons . The DOH and the Depatment of Environment and Natural Resources are supporting the proposed EO .
On Sunday , Ubial explained that the EO would help authorities monitor and regulate the use of firecrackers . The DOH noted a total of 350 fireworks-related injuries as the country welcomed 2017 , 60 % lower than the 5-year average from 2011 to 2015 . – Rappler.com
Four police officers have been suspended after a video surfaced that appears to show the victim of a fiery car crash being kicked by police as they lie on the ground , Jersey City Mayor Steven Fulop announced Monday .
The video shows the aftermath of an accident that happened during a police chase in Jersey City , New Jersey , on June 4 . Miguel Feliz was driving home from work when a vehicle being chased by police crashed into their car and a utility pole . Both vehicles and the pole caught fire .
In a video captured by witnesses , Feliz exits their vehicle and rolls on the ground attempting to remove their burning clothing . Moments later , several police officers approach Feliz while pointing their guns . Two officers appear to kick him , then drag them into the street .
“ Taking swift action is n't always elegant , but this video clearly shows that the officers acted quickly to extinguish the flames , and pull this man out of harm 's way , ” Carmine Disbrow , president of the Jersey City Police Officers Benevolent Association , said in a statement issued after the video surfaced . The incident left Feliz in critical but stable condition , with severe burns to 30 % of their body , their family told Univision .
The disciplinary measures announced by Fulop relate to violations during the car chase that do not include what is seen in the video .
The Hudson County Prosecutor 's Office is also investigating the police chase .
Officers suspended without pay
Lt. Keith Ludwig , and Officers M.D . Khan , Erik Kosinski and Francisco Rodriguez have been suspended without pay , according to the mayor 's statement . Two deputy chiefs were transferred to different roles .
Fulop said that these steps were taken after a preliminary investigation by the Jersey City Police Department revealed “ multiple indications of our officers and supervisors acting outside of their guidelines and training . ”
Ludwig was suspended for not stopping the car chase at any point . Khan and Kosinski were suspended for setting up an unauthorized roadblock during the chase and Rodriguez was suspended for firing shots at a moving vehicle , according to a city official .
“ We view the actions on June 4 as a breakdown of multiple levels of leadership , ” Fulop said in their statement . “ This is the first step as all of the officers involved will be held accountable for their actions or inactions that night . ”
April 28 Moody 's :
* Says Argentina 's sub-sovereigns on track to record modest gross operating surpluses in next 2 years , as stronger economy helps support their revenue
* Says expects a pick-up in real GDP growth of 3 percent in Argentina for 2017 and 3.5 percent in 2018
* Moody 's says although expects Argentina 's economy to return to growth , only anticipate modest improvement in fiscal results for sub sovereign issuers Source text for Eikon :
March 29 Airline Flybe Group Plc has reduced flying capacity and cut costs as weak demand , pricing pressures and poor weather conditions dented fourth-quarter revenue , it said on Wednesday .
The British airline said it expects to report an adjusted loss before tax for the year ended 31 March 2017 due to a charge of 5-10 million pounds ( $ 6.2- $ 12.4 million ) for a systems upgrade .
Estimated passenger revenue rose by 9.8 percent in the final quarter , compared with 13.5 percent in third quarter , Flybe said .
`` The period has been characterised by weak demand in an uncertain consumer environment , together with price competition arising from overcapacity amongst airlines and sharpened price activity from rail operators , '' Flybe said .
Operational cancellations and industrial action mainly by French air traffic controllers also hit revenue , the company said .
Flybe estimated slower year-on-year seat capacity growth of 10 percent for the fourth quarter from 12.7 percent in the third quarter .
Load factor is estimated to fall by around 1.4 percentage points in the three months to March 31 , an improvement on the 1.7 percentage point fall in the previous quarter . ( $ 1 = 0.8073 pounds ) ( Reporting by Arathy S Nair in Bengaluru , editing by Louise Heavens )
'Ang Maestra ' works because it rejects being lofty even in the moments when it can attempt to go for more profound emotions
Published 9:35 PM , December 11 , 2017
Lemuel Lorca 's Ang Maestra is fueled primarily by sincere spirit , which leaves most of the film lacking even the slightest tension to make it anything more than an amiable advocacy film .
That is n't necessarily a problem since the film seems to be very aware of its humble limits . It works well enough and the emotions it gently triggers are mostly earned despite the relentless melodrama .
A tale of two teachers
The film centers on two women who are about to take their board exams .
Aya ( Anna Luna ) is an aspiring teacher who comes from a poor family from the province . A scholar who still has to do part-time tutoring just to be able to graduate from college , they make do with the very little they have .
They meet and befriends Gennie ( Angeli Bayani ) at a review center . Gennie is an Aeta educator who , despite repeatedly failing to pass the board exams , insists on still making their way to their tribe 's remote village to teach and inspire the children to be more than what their parents tell them to be .
The film pits the selfless ambitions of the characters with overt societal problems , creating a rather obvious but unquestionably affecting subtext to the film 's advocacy .
The film is most powerful when it carefully details the little hardships the two women have to face to achieve their goal , such as when Aya is forced to ask for extra strips of tape to be able to continue their presentation or when Gennie , while selling snacks , scolds their son for suggesting that they stop schooling while pointing out that they are still blessed compared to the beggars who just passed by .
Beautifully acted
Ang Maestra works because it rejects being lofty even in the moments when it can attempt to go for more profound emotions .
Its simplicity is complemented by the beautiful performances of Luna and Bayani who dignify their characters with grace and nuance . It is easy to turn their characters into mere objects of pity considering how Lorca has the propensity to assemble scenes that rely heavily on the magnification of the characters ' sacrifices , but Luna and Bayani seamlessly quell all the needless color and emphasis .
Gloria Sevilla , who plays a teacher nearing their retirement , adds a lovely touch to the film 's straightforward design .
In a way , their character 's thread feels slightly disconnected , considering how focused the film is on seeing its two main characters triumph amid all the challenges . Yet the old teacher 's tale , which is somewhat truncated but intriguingly sorrowful , contributes a bittersweet flavor to the tale 's predictable happy ending .
Nobility of teachers
A mellow ode to the nobility of teachers , Ang Maestra definitely has its heart in the right place . – Rappler.com
Francis Joseph Cruz litigates for a living and writes about cinema for fun . The first Filipino movie they saw in the theaters was Carlo J. Caparas ' 'Tirad Pass . ' Since then , he 's been on a mission to find better memories with Philippine cinema .
BRUSSELS Brussels prosecutors are investigating a deal between Belgian company Semlex and the Democratic Republic of Congo to supply biometric passports , a spokesperson for the prosecutors ' office said on Thursday .
They said the investigation had started in early 2017 but declined to give any further details .
A Reuters special report last week showed that $ 60 of the price of every $ 185 DRC passport is channelled to a company registered in the United Arab Emirates , believed to be owned by a close relative of DRC President Joseph Kabila .
Brussels-based Semlex , which has become a leader in providing identity and travel documents for African nations over the past 20 years , was not immediately available for comment .
( Reporting by Robert-Jan Bartunek ; Editing by Louise Ireland )
Friday during a speech to teachers at the Kennedy Center , former first lady Michelle Obama said teaching was a harder profession due to “ the kind of behavior being modeled in public life , ” an apparent reference to President Donald Trump .
Obama said , “ Trust me , I know this work is n't easy . Especially right now . I know there 's a lot of anxiety out there . And there 's no denying our kids , what they see on TV , the kind of behavior being modeled in public life , that , yes impacts their behavior and their character . ”
They added , ” But at times like this , the work that you all are doing is even more urgent . Even more critically important . You all have the power to teach kids what it means to go high when others go low . ”
( h/t The Hill )
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @ pamkeyNEN
May 2 Halcon Resources Corp
* Halcon Resources files for offer and sale of up to 55.2 million shares of co 's common stock by selling stockholders - sec filing
* Halcon Resources says the shares being offered by selling stockholders issued upon conversion of co 's 8 % automatically convertible preferred stock Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
A A
Let 's get one thing clear .
The way high school sports are run in the state of Washington is goofy . It has always been goofy . And unless something dramatic happens , it will continue to be goofy .
It 's not one person 's fault , or one body 's fault . It 's a systemic problem that has grown out for years and years . That makes fixing it difficult .
So this week , when the Washington Interscholastic Activities Association releases its first rankings that will be used to seed teams into its state basketball tournaments , it 's important to remember this is just the first step to fix a broken system .
But there is a long way to go and many more steps to take .
We 'll start with the ranking system that will be used — Rating Percentage Index or RPI . It 's a ranking system that has been used for years by the NCAA to seed teams into its national tournaments .
It is compiled by three components — a team 's winning percentage , the winning percentage of its opponents , and the winning percentage of its opponents ' opponents .
The big question is whether a system that has been used in college — and has had its critics — will work when applied to high school sports , and more specifically , when applied to high school sports in the state of Washington .
No one really knows the answer to that . And that 's why limitations have been placed on the ranking system in this first year .
The first factor is the WIAA 's hands-off approach to how teams qualify for its state tournaments . The WIAA allocates berths to the different districts around the state , then lets those districts determine how teams will qualify for those berths .
It 's kind of like a parent of six kids who has three tickets to Disneyland saying “ You kids figure out who gets to go . I 'll be waiting out in the car . ”
Because of that , teams in some districts may play only two postseason games between the end of the regular season and the start of state , while teams in other districts may play six or more .
The WIAA has a rule that limits basketball teams to 20 games in the regular season . If a team inadvertently schedules a 21st game — even if that game is an exhibition against its alumni team — it could be a violation that prevents a team from going to state .
But in the postseason — when games are heightened and more impactful — you can have some teams play two games while other teams get to play six ? What sense does that make ?
Like I said — goofy .
It was this inequity that led the WIAA to omit these league and district playoffs from its RPI formula . So every team will be graded on its r ? sum ? in the regular season only , even though those postseason games often tell us the most about a team than any game it plays all season .
Secondly , because the WIAA was not confident that out-of-state teams would accurately post results to MaxPreps — the idea that all in-state teams would post all results to the preps website contracted by the WIAA to collect all results is an iffy proposition at best — it was decided that all out-of-state opponents would be given a default winning percentage of .500 .
So the game the Prairie girls played last week against the second-ranked team in the nation will count the same to the Falcons ' RPI than if they had played a winless team from Winnemucca , Nev . So that 's hardly ideal .
And finally , classification is not a factor when figuring out a team 's RPI . So a game against a 4A team with a .750 win percentage counts the same as a game against a 1A team with a .750 win percentage . And , of course , they are not the same .
So a team could artificially amplify its RPI by scheduling games against teams from lower classifications .
Now , we would n't expect a team to purposefully do that . But remember , I told you this state is goofy .
In this state , we have several split-classification leagues — leagues made up of 3A teams , 2A teams and 1A teams .
If a 3A team plays in a league comprised of 2A and 1A teams , that 3A team could have an amplified RPI . Conversely , a 3A team in a league with 4A teams could have a reduced RPI .
Even with these flaws , using this RPI system to seed teams into the state tournament is better than the previous system that depended upon random chance in an attempt to keep things fair for all .
It 's like finding the most buoyant rock on the seashore .
Here 's how bad the previous system was . The WIAA has this practice of shielding the state tournament bracket from participating teams , because of a worry that teams might be tempted to get a better draw by losing a seeding game .
When you have a system that might encourage teams to lose , you 've got a bad system .
So this seeding system that uses RPI will fix some of the problems in this state , but not all . We can only hope new improvements come every year .
Change does n't happen overnight when it comes to preps in Washington . It comes in baby steps .
This is just the first step .
Tim Martinez is the assistant sports editor/prep coordinator for The Columbian . They can be reached at 360-735-4538 , tim.martinez @ columbian.com or follow their Twitter handle @ 360TMart .
Howard Ave. is one of the primary streets running through downtown Biloxi . ( Photo source : WLOX )
The Biloxi City Council will consider hiring the South Mississippi Development District to conduct a $ 50,000 study on downtown restoration . A key component will be a big change at Vieux Marche .
Howard Ave. is one of the primary streets running through downtown Biloxi . Once eastbound traffic gets to Reynoir St. , Howard becomes a one-way into Vieux Marche .
The city will decide whether to hire the South Mississippi Planning and Development District to study making Howard a two-way street through the historic area . Some businesses , like After the Proposal Wedding and Events , think the idea would create opportunities .
`` We have a booming tourism business here , and many of our patrons our tourists . I think opening up this to a two-way street will allow more people who are not familiar with the area to be able to travel back and forth more easily , '' said Brandy Ibos .
Biloxi is committed to bringing more people downtown as a means of sparking economic development .
`` With additional crowds coming back , we can take advantage of authentic old Biloxi . That 's the mayor 's vision , '' according to Gerald Blessey , who serves as attorney for development in Biloxi .
The thinking is two-way traffic could spur interest in Vieux Marche where right now for sale and for lease signs hang on many buildings .
If the city decides to go with two-way traffic on Howard Ave. through the Vieux Marche , it would obviously require widening the road .
There is already nice landscaping , curbing , brickwork , and lamp posts in place that could factor into the decision . The inconvenience produced by road construction would be unappealing to some businesses .
Over at Sand Bar and Grill , the thought is access equals an improved business climate . They point to activity generated by baseball at MGM Park and other events around Biloxi .
`` I think it would be a fabulous idea to entertain . With big events like Mardi Gras , spring break , we had the Oyster Fest this weekend , it would be a real convenience to people to be able to go both ways through here , '' Mathew Freydl said .
The city council is expected to vote on whether to commission the study at Tuesday 's meeting .
Copyright 2017 WLOX . All rights reserved .
Independent magazine for creative inspiration , free portfolios for creatives and worldwide collective of curated artists , designers and photographers .
All images on our website and magazines are copyrighted by their respective owners .
PARIS — The Canadian contingent in the men 's singles draw at the French Open is down to one .
Peter Polansky of Thornhill , Ont. , dropped a 6-3 , 4-6 , 6-2 , 6-2 decision to Pierre-Hughes Herbert of France in a first-round match that concluded Wednesday . Rain suspended the match after two sets on Tuesday .
The loss leaves No . 24 seed Denis Shapovalov of Richmond Hill , Ont. , as the lone remaining Canadian in singles . Vancouver 's Vasek Pospisil lost their first-round match Tuesday .
Shapovalov , 19 , will play Germany 's Maximilian Marterer in the second round . The match will likely be played Thursday .
WATERLOO , Iowa ( WATE ) — When a depressed teen walked in to a hair salon and told stylist Kayley Olsson to just cut off their matted , uncombed hair for picture day , Olsson knew what to do instead .
Olsson said the 16-year-old told them they felt so down and so worthless they could n't even brush their hair . They said the teen said they only got up to use the restroom .
“ When they walked in they told us , ‘ just cut it all off . I ca n't deal with the pain of combing it out , ' they called themselves ‘ worthless ' for it , ” said Olsson . “ It honestly broke my heart ”
The girl did n't start school for a few weeks , but had their school pictures . Olsson said they tried everything to keep the girl 's hair .
“ After being here eight hours yesterday and five hours today , we finally made this beautiful girl smile and feel like they are worth something , ” said Olson . “ Her last words to me was ‘ I will actually smile for my schools pictures today , you made me feel like me again . ' ”
The stylist shared the story with the hopes that it will be a lesson to others . They say people should recognize that mental health can impact people of all ages .
“ Parents , take it seriously . Do n't just push your kids off and tell them to get over something they legitimately ca n't , ” says Olson . “ A child should never feel so worthless to not even want to brush their hair . ”
'Sooner or later these unsubstantiated allegations will have to be answered for : either backed up with the appropriate evidence or apologized for , ' says Vladimir Putin 's spokesperson Dmitry Peskov
Published 1:21 PM , March 20 , 2018
LONDON , United Kingdom – Russia hit back at Britain in the spy poisoning row , demanding proof of its alleged involvement in a nerve agent attack , as international weapons experts arrived to take samples of the toxic substance .
The March 4 poisoning of former double agent Sergei Skripal , which took place just two weeks ahead of Russia 's presidential poll in which Vladimir Putin was re-elected , has plunged relations between London and Moscow into crisis .
As the European Union offered Britain its `` unqualified solidarity '' on Monday , March 19 , the Kremlin demanded London either come up with proof of Russia 's involvement – or apologize .
`` Sooner or later these unsubstantiated allegations will have to be answered for : either backed up with the appropriate evidence or apologized for , '' said Putin 's spokesperson Dmitry Peskov .
Putin themselves on Sunday , March 18 , rejected as `` complete drivel , rubbish , nonsense '' the allegations by London and its allies that Russia was behind the attack on Skripal and their daughter Yulia in the English city of Salisbury .
Speaking in Brussels alongside British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson on Monday , NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said Russia 's response had so far `` demonstrated a clear disregard for international peace and security '' .
'Pattern of behavior '
British Prime Minister Theresa May on Monday repeated their belief that Russia was responsible .
`` They have the capability . This nerve agent was one from a group of Novichoks that were developed by the Soviets , '' they said while visiting Birmingham .
`` Russia has the capability and , I believe , the motive and intent and this is part of a pattern of behavior we see from Russia across Europe , '' they said .
Britain has pointed to the 2006 radiation poisoning of former spy and Kremlin critic Alexander Litvinenko in London – blamed on Moscow – and Russian activity in Crimea and Ukraine .
Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki and German Chancellor Angela Merkel , meeting in Warsaw Monday , agreed that `` the European Union needs to provide a strong response , and not just a symbolic one '' , Morawiecki said .
The comment came after Britain , France , Germany and the United States issued a joint statement last week blaming Russia for the attack , the first offensive use of chemical weapons in Europe since World War II .
EU foreign ministers on Monday offered Britain their full support , although sources say some states have been reluctant to put pressure on Moscow over the incident .
`` The European Union takes extremely seriously the UK government 's assessment that it is highly likely that the Russian Federation is responsible , '' they said .
The nerve agent attack is expected to be discussed at an EU summit in Brussels starting on Thursday , March 22 .
Russia 's foreign ministry issued a statement Monday saying it was `` perplexed by the extreme haste EU members have considered ... the British inventions over Russia 's involvement in the tragic incident in Salisbury .
`` We regret that the EU , by omitting obvious facts and considerations , has once again fallen victim to 'European solidarity ' and accumulated anti-Russian reflexes . ''
Putin defiant
Skripal , a former Russian officer who sold secrets to Britain and moved there in a 2010 spy swap , remains in critical condition along with their daughter after they were found unconscious on a park bench .
Investigators from the international Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons ( OPCW ) arrived in Britain on Monday to collect samples of the nerve agent used .
They will meet officials from the Defense Science and Technology Laboratory at Porton Down , where the chemical was identified as the Soviet-designed Novichok .
They will also meet police before sending samples to international laboratories for testing , with results expected to take at least two weeks , according to British officials .
Britain last week announced the expulsion of 23 Russian diplomats , prompting a tit-for-tat response from Moscow . Britain also announced a boycott by members of the royal family and ministers of this summer 's World Cup football tournament in Russia .
The US , France and Germany have also called for Russia to fully disclose details of its Novichok program to the OPCW , a demand also backed by the EU foreign ministers .
French President Emmanuel Macron repeated Monday that Moscow should `` shed light on the responsibilities for the unacceptable attack in Salisbury , and to firmly regain control of any programs that have not been declared '' to the OPCW .
But their first direct comments on the incident , after winning a 4th term in Russia 's election on Sunday , Putin was defiant .
`` We have destroyed all chemical weapons , '' they said , pledging that Russia was ready to cooperate in the investigation .
On Sunday , Britain 's Johnson accused Moscow of stockpiling the nerve agent over the last ten years in violation of the international Chemical Weapons Convention .
But Moscow has suggested that Britain itself may have been the source of the chemical , along with Slovakia , the Czech Republic and Sweden – who strongly denied it . – Rappler.com
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
RUSSELLVILLE , Tenn. ( WATE ) –The Morristown Police Department arrested a homeless man after an armed robbery at a pharmacy in Russellville .
Ben Brooks , 39 , was arrested Friday , according to officers . Police said Brooks is a homeless man from Morristown and charges are pending .
Police said they responded to a report of an armed robbery at East End Pharmacy , located at 5630 E. Andrew Johnson Highway at 12:40 p.m. Friday . Witnesses said a man entered the pharmacy with a handgun and demanded medicine .
Witnesses told officers that the man was wearing a hoodie with a white bandanna covering their face . After getting narcotics , a witness said the man ran west on railroad tracks near the pharmacy .
Officers said they located the suspect 's hoodie and a K-9 officer was able to pick up the suspect 's track . While tracking the suspect , officers said they heard movement in bushes . They found Brooks in the bushes with a handgun and evidence . Brook was taken into custody .
MELBOURNE , April 12 London copper eased on Wednesday amid heightening geopolitical tensions with North Korea , but held above two-week lows hit in the previous session on a healthy demand outlook . FUNDAMENTALS * LME COPPER : London Metal Exchange copper traded down 0.1 percent at $ 5,763 a tonne by 0200 GMT , after ending a tad firmer on Tuesday having previously slumped to $ 5,710 a tonne during the session , a two-week low . * SHFE COPPER : Shanghai Futures Exchange copper traded flat at 46,840 yuan ( $ 6,799 ) a tonne . ShFE zinc and nickel remained under pressure but cut losses to 0.9 percent and 2.5 percent respectively , due to weakness in China 's steel sector . * NORTH KOREA : North Korean state media warned on Tuesday of a nuclear attack on the United States at any sign of American aggression , as a U.S. Navy strike group steamed toward the western Pacific - a force President Donald Trump described as an `` armada '' . * U.S. RATES : San Francisco Federal Reserve Bank President John Williams said on Tuesday the U.S. central bank should raise interest rates three or four times this year , and begin to trim the Fed 's multitrillion-dollar balance sheet in late 2017 . * CHINA PROPERTY : At least 12 major Chinese cities are requiring newly bought homes to be held for at least two to three years before they can be sold , the first time that cities in the country are taking such measures and suggesting intensified government efforts to cool the red-hot property market . * China 's producer price inflation cooled for the first time in seven months in March as iron ore and coal prices tumbled , pressured by fears that domestic demand is not strong enough to absorb surging supplies of steel . * SOUTHERN COPPER : Union representatives and executives from miner Southern Copper in Peru failed to reach an agreement to end an indefinite strike after a long meeting on Monday night , the union said on Tuesday . * ZINC : Expected shortages of zinc , a metal often favoured by speculators , may not materialise this year because recent price gains have spurred miners around the world to increase output . * For the top stories in metals and other news , click or MARKETS NEWS * Investors ducked for cover on Wednesday as news of geopolitical tensions sent the safe-haven yen and gold to five-month highs and yields on top-rated sovereign bonds to their lowest for the year so far . DATA/EVENTS 0600 Germany Wholesale prices March 0830 U.K. ILO unemployment rate Feb 1230 U.S . Import prices March BASE METALS PRICES 0153 GMT Three month LME copper 5765.5 Most active ShFE copper 46860 Three month LME aluminium 1927 Most active ShFE aluminium 30 Three month LME zinc 2594.5 Most active ShFE zinc 21440 Three month LME lead 2256 Most active ShFE lead 4 Three month LME nickel 9880 Most active ShFE nickel 5 Three month LME tin 20000 Most active ShFE tin 1 BASE METALS ARBITRAGE LME/SHFE COPPER LMESHFCUc3 482.3 LME/SHFE ALUMINIUM LMESHFALc3 -1365.6 LME/SHFE ZINC LMESHFZNc3 253.65 LME/SHFE LEAD LMESHFPBc3 -2187.35 LME/SHFE NICKEL LMESHFNIc3 1120 ( $ 1 = 6.8893 Chinese yuan renminbi ) ( Reporting by Melanie Burton ; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell )
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
The Jerusalem Post reports : The father of the Israeli killed in the New Year 's Eve attack in Istanbul said on Sunday that they had tried to stop their 18-year-old daughter from traveling to Turkey .
“ I had a feeling , ” Lian Nasser 's father , Zahar , said . “ I told them not to go there , but… youthful stubbornness . I told them it was n't worth it with the current security situation . ”
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
“ It 's very hard , I do n't understand what happened , ” they told Channel 2 . “ It does n't make sense , just yesterday they contacted the family and told us about the trip and the fun they were having . ”
Read more here .
U.S. service members in Kabul took a moment 's respite from the wave of terrorist bombings in Afghanistan in recent months to enjoy a lunchtime ceremony in honor of America 's 242nd Independence Day on the Fourth of July .
“ It 's an important holiday because we fight for it , ” U.S. Army Cpl . Ruby Cruz of the 191st Regional Support Group Forward from Fort Allen , Puerto Rico , told Stars and Stripes in Kabul .
Acknowledging that they missed the celebrations back home , they added , “ But we have fun here , too , so it 's not too bad . ”
A barbecue dinner in the evening is expected to follow the Fourth of July ceremony at the headquarters of the U.S.-NATO mission known as Resolute Support ( RS ) .
“ American flags could be seen in all corners of NATO 's Resolute Support headquarters in Kabul on Wednesday as U.S. service-members celebrated Independence Day , ” Stars and Stripes reports .
Honoring the birth of the United States at the ceremony in Kabul , U.S. Gen. John Nicholson , the top commander of American and NATO forces in Afghanistan , declared :
For American servicemen and women who are deployed overseas , this day holds a very special significance , and it reminds us of the tremendous sacrifices made by previous generations of patriots in all of America 's wars in defense of liberty at home and abroad . …We hope Afghans will remember this , that reconciliation is possible between rivals .
Reconciliation between Kabul and the Taliban is the primary goal of U.S. President Donald Trump 's strategy to end the nearly 17-year-old war .
In recent months , both the Afghan Taliban and its alleged rival , the Islamic State ( ISIS/ISIL ) , have heavily targeted the Afghan capital of Kabul , including a meeting of the top Islamic scholars in the country last month .
The U.S. military has deployed a brigade that consists of about 800 military advisers and a few hundred additional soldiers to tackle the wave of bombings that have been targeting Kabul , the Washington Post reported on July 1 .
In March , Gen. Nicholson expanded the American mission to prevent massive bombings in Kabul :
LONDON , March 31 British workers at BMW 's Mini and Rolls-Royce car plants have backed strike action over plans by the German automaker to close the firm 's final salary pensions , Britain 's biggest trade union said on Friday .
The firm wants to close its two final salary pension schemes from June and move all staff to a less generous scheme which new starters have been part of since 2014 .
A total of 93 percent of employees who are members of the Unite union and voted in the ballot backed striking and representatives said they would now discuss possible walkout dates involving up to 3,500 workers at four sites .
`` BMW needs to reflect on this extraordinary vote in favour of industrial action and the real possibility that its UK workforce will strike for the first time under its ownership in the coming weeks , '' Unite General Secretary Len McCluskey said .
BMW has previously said that like many employers it needs to cut its pension costs in order to protect its long-term viability .
In Britain , the firm builds over 210,000 Minis a year at its central England plant in Oxford , nearly 4,000 luxury Rolls-Royce models at Goodwood in the south and around 200,000 engines at Hams Hall near Birmingham . ( Reporting by Costas Pitas ; editing by Stephen Addison )
Today in History
Today in History
Today is Wednesday , July 4 , the 185th day of 2018 . There are 180 days left in the year . This is Independence Day .
Today 's Highlight in History :
On July 4 , 1776 , the Declaration of Independence was adopted by delegates to the Second Continental Congress in Philadelphia .
On this date :
In 1802 , the United States Military Academy officially opened at West Point , New York .
In 1817 , ground was broken for the Erie Canal in Rome , New York . The middle section of the waterway took three years to complete ; the entire canal was finished in 1825 .
In 1826 , 50 years to the day after the Declaration of Independence was adopted , former presidents John Adams and Thomas Jefferson both died .
In 1831 , the fifth president of the United States , James Monroe , died in New York City at age 73 .
In 1872 , the 30th president of the United States , Calvin Coolidge , was born in Plymouth , Vermont .
In 1917 , during a ceremony in Paris honoring the French hero of the American Revolution , U.S. Army Lt. Col. Charles E. Stanton , an aide to Maj. Gen. John J. Pershing , declared : `` Lafayette , we are here ! ''
In 1939 , Lou Gehrig of the New York Yankees delivered their famous farewell speech in which they called themselves `` the luckiest man on the face of the earth . ''
In 1942 , Irving Berlin 's musical revue `` This Is the Army '' opened at the Broadway Theater in New York .
In 1947 , the small central California town of Hollister was overrun by thousands of motorcycling enthusiasts , dozens of whom ended up being arrested , most for drunkenness , in what came to be called the `` Hollister Riot . ''
In 1966 , President Lyndon B. Johnson signed the Freedom of Information Act , which went into effect the following year .
In 1987 , Klaus Barbie , the former Gestapo chief known as the `` Butcher of Lyon ( lee-OHN ' ) , '' was convicted by a French court of crimes against humanity and sentenced to life in prison ( he died in September 1991 ) .
In 1997 , NASA 's Pathfinder spacecraft landed on Mars , inaugurating a new era in the search for life on the red planet . CBS newsman Charles Kuralt died in New York at age 62 .
Ten years ago : Former Sen. Jesse Helms , an unyielding champion of the conservative movement who 'd spent three combative and sometimes caustic decades in Congress , died in Raleigh , North Carolina , at age 86 . Dara Torres completed their improbable Olympic comeback at age 41 , making the U.S. team for the fifth time by winning the 100 freestyle at the trials in Omaha , Neb . Actress Evelyn Keyes died in Montecito , California , at age 91 .
Five years ago : Egypt 's interim president , Adly Mansour , was sworn in following the ouster of Mohammed Morsi , the Islamist leader overthrown by the military after just one year in office . The Statue of Liberty reopened on the Fourth of July , eight months after Superstorm Sandy shuttered the national symbol of freedom . Bernadette Nolan , 52 , a member of the singing sister act the Nolans who had a worldwide hit in 1979 with `` I 'm In The Mood For Dancing , '' died in Surrey , England .
One year ago : The United States confirmed that North Korea had launched an intercontinental ballistic missile , as the North had boasted and the U.S. and South Korea had feared . Secretary of State Rex Tillerson called it a `` new escalation of the threat '' to the U.S. Joey Chestnut gulped down 72 dogs and buns in 10 minutes to beat their own record and hoist the Mustard Belt for a 10th time at the annual Nathan 's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest .
Today 's Birthdays : Actress Eva Marie Saint is 94 . Actress Gina Lollobrigida is 91 . Playwright Neil Simon is 91 . Country singer Ray Pillow is 81 . Singer Bill Withers is 80 . Actor Ed Bernard is 79 . Actress Karolyn Grimes is 78 . Rhythm and blues singer Annette Beard ( Martha and the Vandellas ) is 75 . Broadcast journalist Geraldo Rivera is 75 . Vietnam War veteran and peace activist Ron Kovic is 72 . Rhythm and blues musician Ralph Johnson ( Earth , Wind and Fire ) is 67 . Rock musician Domingo Ortiz ( Widespread Panic ) is 66 . Singer John Waite is 66 . Rock musician Kirk Pengilly ( INXS ) is 60 . Country musician Teddy Carr is 58 . Rock DJ Zonka is 56. International Tennis Hall of Famer Pam Shriver is 56 . Rock musician Matt Malley is 55 . Christian rock singer Michael Sweet is 55 . Actor-playwright-screenwriter Tracy Letts is 53 . Actor Al Madrigal is 47 . Actress Jenica Bergere is 44 . Actor-singer John Lloyd Young is 43 . Singer Stephen `` Ste '' McNally ( BBMak ) is 40 . Actress Becki Newton is 40 . Actor Mo McRae is 36 . TV personality Mike `` The Situation '' Sorrentino is 36 . Rhythm and blues singer Melanie Fiona is 35 . Malia Obama is 20 .
Thought for Today : `` Intellectually , I know that America is no better than any other country ; emotionally I know they are better than every other country . '' — Sinclair Lewis , American author ( 1885-1951 ) .
× ‘ We are inching towards a constitutional crisis : ' Local lawmakers react to Nunes Memo
SEATTLE — A number of local lawmakers were blunt in their assessment of the Nunes Memo , a partisan missive that some Republicans say show abuses in the early stages of the FBI 's investigation into the Trump campaign and Russia .
“ We should call this memo for what it is , ” said Rep. Denny Heck , D-Wash. , “ which is a propaganda piece of information or misinformation , designed to do nothing but discredit our federal law enforcement agencies . Period . Full stop . ”
Heck is a member of the House Intelligence Committee , the panel that released the formerly classified memo early Friday . The release of the memo is nothing more than an intimidation tactic used by Trump , Heck said , and the committee chairperson Devin Nunes to intimidate the special counsel into the Russian investigation , Robert Mueller .
But Mueller will not be intimidated , Heck said .
“ It 's not going to work , Bob Mueller 's not going to blink , Mr. President , ” Heck told Q13 News .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Q13 News reached out to Washington Republican Reps. Dave Reichert and Cathy McMorris-Rodgers for an interview regarding the content of the memo . Neither responded to an interview request . Congressman Dan Newhouse , R-Wash. , released the following statement regarding the memo :
“ When I read the memo , I was alarmed by methods and information used to conduct surveillance of an American citizen , ” said Rep. Newhouse . “ I support President Trump 's decision to make the memo available to the public so that the American people can read this information themselves . Americans must be able to trust that the FISA process is above reproach . Today 's release is not about the Special Counsel 's investigation , but it is about ensuring trust that the FBI and DOJ – whose professionals conduct critical work every day to protect our country – are acting at all times with the highest level of discretion when vetting information used to conduct domestic surveillance . ”
Newhouse was one of 65 members of Congress who sent a letter to the House intelligence committee , urging them to release the letter . Reichert , who is set to retire from Congress later this year , tweeted about the memo :
Today , the House Intelligence Committee released a previously classified memo written by the Committee 's staff about the use of surveillance by the Department of Justice and Federal Bureau of Investigation . You can read the memo here : https : //t.co/skU4Rukyld — Dave Reichert ( @ davereichert ) February 2 , 2018
Heck said the timeline portrayed in the Nunes Memo is `` full of inaccuracies and omissions . '' They hoped the House Intelligence Committee would allow the Democrat 's response to the memo to be released , but did n't know if it would happen . The politics of painting the Department of Justice and FBI as partisan , Heck said , is without recent precedent .
`` The release of this memo means we are inching towards a constitutional crisis , '' Heck said .
Rep. Adam Smith , D-Wash. , the ranking member on the House Armed Services Committee , also criticized the release of the memo .
`` The content of the memo is ridiculous , '' Smith told Q13 News . `` It alludes to conclusions that are not supported by the fact . ''
Smith said the release is due , in part , to Republicans not liking where the Russian investigation is going . They said former Trump campaign officials Michael Flynn and others have entered pleas , and the president is desperate for a win . Smith said some Republicans are willing to trash the Department of Justice and the FBI in order to further their political interests .
`` They ca n't change the facts , but they 're trying to attack the investigators , '' Smith said . `` And they 're doing it all to protect President Trump . ''
The president has told allies that they believe the memo bolsters their claim that accusations of collusion between their campaign and Russian officials are false and part of a conspiracy to discredit their election .
Sen. Patty Murray was among several Democrats who sent a letter to President Trump , warning them against using the memo as a pretext to fire either Mueller or Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein .
Murray said the investigation into Trump 's election should n't be about politics .
This investigation is n't about politics—this is about the integrity of our elections , our national security , and our standing around the world . No one should stand in the way of a thorough investigation . — Senator Patty Murray ( @ PattyMurray ) February 2 , 2018
According to multiple reports , Trump ordered special counsel Mueller to be fired last year .
May 3 Semafo Inc :
* Semafo delivers cash flow from operations of $ 23.1 million in first quarter 2017
* Q1 adjusted loss per share $ 0.01
* Q1 earnings per share view $ 0.02 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Qtrly gold production of 55,400 ounces compared to 61,300 ounces
* Qtrly gold sales of $ 66.9 million compared to $ 74.6 million
* Says adjusted 2017 guidance to between 190,000 and 205,000 ounces of gold at a total cash cost of between $ 685 and $ 715 per ounce Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
When you break up with someone you can not be their friend .
As much as you wish to rescue something from the ashes of a relationship you have put so much of your life and energy into , it wo n't happen , according to UK philosopher Alain De Botton .
In four days their video Can Exes be Friends ? has already been watched more than a million times .
The video looks at exes through the eyes of an animated monster ( the dumper ) and balloon ( the dumped ) .
They explain it from both points of view . How the dumper wants to appear 'nice ' and not appear as a monster by being friendly with their ex . Constantly seeing your ex would be a continuous reminder of your guilt , then again they get to hang out with them and not have to 'reject all sexual possibilities in their name ' .
They also look at it from the 'rejected ' party . Which they see as being constantly reminded of a 'humiliating demotion ' ignites hope . One is n't acquiring a friend , a more unwitting torturer , '' De Botton remarks in the video .
They also called trying to be friends with your ex a 'catastrophe for both sides ' .
The best and most poignant point De Botton makes is how friendship after a failed relationship is used as a way to memorialise the former relationship , when what should be done is to maintain a 'far more honest state of civil distance ' .
- news.com.au
April 28 Lar Espana Real Estate SOCIMI SA :
* Secures financing of 78 million euros ( $ 85.35 million ) from Banco Santander for the Lagasca99 development
* The deal also includes a further 40 million euros to refinance already existing debt taken on to acquire plot of land Source text : bit.ly/2oPALkh
Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9139 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday , June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season . ( SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout )
In Jackson County , community members networked with school district leaders , current teachers and university representatives to learn more about becoming a teacher in the Moss Point school district .
On Monday , Senator Bernie Sanders backed out of an interview with Vermont newspaper , Seven Days , after the paper refused to accept conditions set by their staff .
Sanders backed out of the interview after Daniel McLean , the Senator 's spokesperson , called the reporter Sunday night and attempted to set the conditions that any questions about “ political gossip ” or Sanders ' family were not to be discussed .
Jane Sanders , Bernie 's wife , has notably been under federal scrutiny due to possible bank fraud following a land deal negotiated when they were president of Burlington College in Vermont in 2010 .
Although Sanders reneged on the interview which was originally set after an airport press conference on Monday , Seven Days still attended and had a quick exchange of words with the Senator :
…The senator walked away from the podium , gathered their belongings and walked toward the airport 's security screening area . “ Hey , Senator , do you have time for that interview ? ” Seven Days called after him . “ Pardon me ? ” Sanders asked . “ Do you have time for that interview that we 've been talking about ? ” Seven Days repeated . “ No , ” the senator said as they handed their ticket and identification to a Transportation Security Administration officer . “ Not right now. ” “ You think you could make time at some point in the coming weeks ? ” Seven Days pressed . “ Well , as I think Dan indicated , we talk about issues . We do n't talk about gossip , ” Sanders said . “ And anybody who wants to talk to me about real issues , I 'm happy to— ” “ That 's precisely what I want to talk with you about , ” Seven Days interjected . “ So will you make time , then , to talk about real issues ? ” “ What 'd I just say ? ” the senator asked . “ Well , we 've been asking for almost three years now for an interview , ” Seven Days responded . “ I do n't talk to gossip columnists , ” the senator shot back . “ I talk about issues. ” “ I have lots of questions for you about the issues , ” Seven Days called out to Sanders as the senator walked away . “ But we do n't accept conditions from politicians in exchange for interviews . Not a policy at Seven Days . ”
The final quote , which concludes Seven Days ' stellar article , perfectly encapsulates the sheer insanity of Senator Sanders ' pompous and holier-than-thou attitude…
For some reason , Bernie Sanders thinks they can still masquerade as against the Establishment…
…after being totally bought out by them !
They were cheated out of the “ Democratic ” primaries… but endorsed Crooked Hillary by the end of it . Since the election , he 's become nothing but a mouthpiece to obstruct and impede Trump on behalf of the same “ billionaire class ” they posit the President sold us out to .
Instead of facing the reality that Trump 's proposed tax reform helps families across the board , Sanders attempts to mislead and spread false information . Instead of behaving as the tolerant and intelligent left ; it seems all Sanders is capable of anymore is projection .
Bernie Sanders is steeped in sin and ignores reality in lieu of emotive pandering . We may have dodged a bullet in avoiding Clinton as President , but Sanders could have been even worse…
For most of the last year , ESPN in particular and the liberal sports media in general have jumped through hoops to deny that the cable sports network has a liberal bias problem . But now that the obvious has grown too hard to deny , their tactics are changing . Now , all of a sudden , ESPN 's liberal bias is a good thing .
Until now , ESPN and its hosts have repeatedly denied that it has a liberal bias problem . Last year ESPN ombudsman Jim Brady published an investigation into the claim of liberal bias that ran thousands of words only to reach the conclusion that there was no liberal bias .
But that was n't all ; the question so vexed the network that it hired a polling firm to find out if there is any liberal bias and , if so , has it hurt the network 's ratings . Unsurprisingly , the survey bought and paid for by ESPN miraculously showed that there was no liberal bias at the network .
ESPN 's survey , though , flies in the face of three other surveys that did find that the network has a liberal bias problem and that the constant left-wing content is driving viewers away .
Many liberal members of the sports media , such as Awful Announcing 's Andrew Bucholtz , joined ESPN to pish-tosh any notion that the network has a liberal bias problem .
But there seems to be a changeup in the discussion as at least one liberal sportsman is now saying ESPN 's dive into liberalism is a good thing for the network that is losing 10,000 subscribers a month .
According to Ty Duffy of Awful Announcing , ESPN 's liberal bias is a good thing because it will bring in young , liberal fans .
“ There is truth in the liberal claim . ESPN has tilted leftward under John Skipper , ” Duffy initially observed .
Despite that admission , Duffy goes on to claim there is “ no proof ” that conservative fans have abandoned ESPN over its constant left-wing content . Naturally Duffy ignored the three surveys that serve as proof of conservative discontent and relied only on ESPN 's bought and paid for survey to “ prove ” their contention .
But even as they offer no statistical proof to buttress their own claim , Duffy insists that ESPN 's drive leftward is a shrewd move because it will bring young , “ woke ” viewers to replace the fleeing conservative audience .
Major brands , such as ESPN , are now expected to exhibit a political and social consciousness . They pay a cost when they are tone deaf . If there are now two Americas , ESPN ( and sports leagues ) will move with the one advertiser want to reach : young people , people with disposable income , and growing minority populations .
Of course , Duffy indulges gross generalizations . Only far left-wing liberals “ expect ” major brands to “ exhibit a political and social consciousness. ” Even if that is the case , they also seem to simply assume that even liberals do n't want a place to escape politics and instead want politics to invade and conquer the sports world .
Time will tell , of course , but it is interesting to see how this argument is morphing from staunch proclamations that ESPN is n't liberal to the admission that , yes , some hosts are liberal , and finally to the obdurate notion that “ yeah , we 're liberal . What of it ? ”
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @ warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel @ hotmail.com .
April 3 Singapore Exchange Limited-
* Sgx And World Bank Launch Education Partnership On Bonds Investment
* Under partnership , SGX and world bank will offer a series of events through SGX academy Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Report claims PKK militant captured alive , tortured and executed by Turkish soldiers
Pro-Kurdish media outlets have claimed that a militant from the ranks of the outlawed armed Peoples ' Defence Forces ( HPG ) , which is an offspring of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party ( PKK ) , was captured alive , tortured and executed extrajudicially by Turkish security forces .
According to the claims Turkish soldiers killed Cuma İmen after they were captured just because they refused to repeat what soldiers want them to say during a video shooting . A 33-second video obtained by pro-PKK Fırat news agency ( ANF ) shows that a PKK militant captured alive by Turkish soldiers .
The militant , Cuma İmen , on the video , was allegedly executed moments after . It was reported that militant İmen was captured alive by Turkish soldiers on July 24 , 2017 in Beytüşşebbap district of Şırnak province . It was claimed they were executed on the same day .
It was seen in a 33-second video that two Turkish soldiers keep İmen . A Turkish commander orders them to say that Turkish soldiers treated them well . İmen refuses to do so and says “ They beat me whole day… they beat me… ” After İmen insists that they were beaten , the Turkish commander gives the order to stop filming .
HPG has released a statement and claimed that they were captured alive then executed by Turkish soldiers . HPG has claimed that Turkish soldiers murdered them because “ he refused to play a role according to the scenario written by Turkish soldiers ” .
It was also reported that Cuma İmen 's family has appealed to the Turkey 's Human Rights Association ( İHD ) in Batman province , claiming that they have n't been given any information since the incident on July 24 , 2016 and demanded the body of their son .
Mother Saliha İmen said to a pro-Kurdish news outlet that they watched the footage where their son is seen alive at the hands of the soldiers and continued : “ They had my son alive . Two soldiers were holding them by the arms . They were trying to make them say they repent , but they did n't agree . They tortured him . They tortured and murdered a man they captured alive . My son was killed because they did n't say what they wanted them to . A prisoner ca n't be executed , this goes against all laws and all faiths . They should have put them in prison . They have no right to execute such atrocity . ”
Father Süleyman İmen stated that their son has been in the HPG for 4,5 years . İmen stressed that a captured militant can not be killed , and continued that “ They could arrest him , put them in prison , they would serve whatever sentence they would be given . I will never accept what they did even if worlds collide . I will pursue . Their torture ca n't fit in any law , any order , any faith , anything . ”
Stating that they have n't been given any information on the incident , Father İmen continued to say that “ They did n't give us the body either . I want my son 's body . At least if they have a grave , I would have a place to go and pray . My children and grandchildren came here from İzmir and Mardin . They are asking about the body . There is no body , what am I to tell my children ? Did they hide it ? Did they throw it away ? I do not know . ”
There has been no statement or explanation from Turkish authorities about the claims yet .
Turkish authorities had conducted direct talks with the jailed PKK chief Abdullah Öcalan for several years until a truce in effect collapsed in the summer of 2015 . Since then , there have been heavy clashes between the PKK and Turkish security forces .
More than 40,000 people , including 5,500 security force members , have been killed in four decades of fighting between the Turkish state and the PKK , which is listed as a terrorist organization by Turkey , the US and the EU .
Related
Friday on CNN 's “ Wolf , ” host Wolf Blitzer harangued Rep. Chris Stewart ( R-UT ) , a member of the House Intelligence Committee , for releasing the much-anticipated FISA memo and doing so not at the same time as the Democratic Party minority memo , so that a side-by-side comparison could be made .
Stewart dismissed the criticism , but later in the segment , Blitzer accused Stewart and the GOP of allowing Russian President Vladimir Putin to succeed given the member created doubt in U.S. government agencies .
“ So , Putin has succeeded because that 's what 's happening right now , ” they said . “ The whole nature of the support for the intelligence community , the law enforcement community , the fighting that 's going on here in Washington , he 's sitting back and he 's smiling , saying , guys , good work . We succeeded . ”
( h/t Newsbusters )
Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @ jeff_poor
April 12 Tutor Perini Corp :
* Tutor Perini prices $ 500 million of senior notes
* Tutor Perini Corp says has priced an offering of $ 500 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.875 pct senior notes due 2025 in a private offering Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK , June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world .
* Weekly jobless claims falls the most in two years-data
* Fed officials call out lofty stock market valuations
* Constellation jumps on results , strong forecast
* Indexes up : Dow 0.01 pct , S & P 0.01 pct , Nasdaq 0.09 pct ( Updates to open )
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
April 6 U.S. stocks were little changed in choppy trading on Thursday as investors reassessed their bets ahead of a potentially tense meeting between the presidents of U.S. and China and as the chances of quick fiscal stimulus ebbed .
U.S. President Donald Trump and their Chinese counterpart , Xi Jinping , start their two-day meeting on Thursday and top of the agenda is the possibility of Trump using U.S.-China trade ties to pressure Beijing to do more to rein in North Korea 's arms program .
`` The Trump Xi meeting is in focus and we do n't expect any material changes , other than tough talk and a good talking point for tomorrow 's newspaper headlines , '' Peter Cardillo , chief market economist at First Standard Financial wrote in a note .
The meeting comes as some investors question Trump 's ability to deliver on their pro-growth promises , such as tax cuts , following recent setbacks in pushing reforms through Congress .
The Federal Reserve indicated changes to its bond investment policy this year as it aims to trim its balance sheet . Another dent came after U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said there was no consensus on tax reform and that it would take longer to accomplish than healthcare .
At 9:44 a.m . ET the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 3.09 points , or 0.01 percent , at 20,651.24 , the S & P 500 was up 0.46 points , or 0.01 percent , at 2,353.41 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 5.54 points , or 0.09 percent , at 5,870.01 .
Five of the 11 major S & P sectors were lower . The S & P 500 financial index was down 0.3 percent . Financial stocks have largely outperformed in a post-election rally , sparked by Trump 's pro-growth plans .
However , the minutes of the Fed 's latest meeting showed officials `` viewed equity prices as quite high relative to standard valuation measures , '' adding to jitters over lofty valuations as the first-quarter earnings season approaches .
Earnings of S & P 500 companies are expected to have risen 10.1 percent . The index is trading at about 18 times forward earnings estimates , above its long-term average of 15 .
Earlier , stock index futures got a boost from a U.S. Labor Department report that showed new applications for unemployment benefits recorded their biggest drop in nearly two years last week .
In stocks , Advanced Micro Devices dropped 6.8 percent to $ 13.22 after Goldman Sachs initiated overage with a `` sell '' rating .
Among retailers , Costco gained 2 percent to $ 170.33 after reporting March sales , while Bed Bath & Beyond rose 6 percent to $ 39.98 after reporting quarterly results .
Constellation Brands jumped 7.4 percent to $ 173.97 fter the Corona beer maker 's better-than-expected quarterly results and upbeat full-year forecast .
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,501 to 1,011 . On the Nasdaq , 1,248 issues rose and 996 fell .
The S & P 500 index showed one 52-week high and two lows , while the Nasdaq recorded nine highs and 26 new lows . ( Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru ; Editing by Savio D'Souza )
TORONTO Anne Hathaway has ventured back into independent cinema to star in one of the quirkiest films of the year , `` Colossal '' , which they refuse to categorize .
`` I think it 's all genres and none '' , they said , in a viewpoint similar to how they see their role in the movie .
`` The thing I loved about Gloria was she 's just a mess , she 's human , she 's lost , and smart , and sweet , and compassionate and foolish , and just really , really alive and figuring it out '' , Hathaway said .
In `` Colossal '' , Hathaway stars as Gloria , whose life is spiraling out of control after their drinking gets too much for their boyfriend , played by Dan Stevens , and they find themselves having to return to their hometown from New York .
There , they reconnect with an old friend of hers , Oscar , played by Sudeikis . However , when a monster begins a rampage through Seoul , Gloria begins to believe that the monster 's life is connected to hers .
The film is directed by Spanish writer , director and actor Nacho Vigalondo and has been a film festival favorite , showing at Toronto , Sundance and San Sebastian .
`` Colossal '' is on limited release in the United States from April 7 .
( Reporting and Writing by Reuters Television , Editing by Karishma Singh )
FILE PHOTO : A section of the BP Eastern Trough Area Project ( ETAP ) oil platform is seen in the North Sea , around 100 miles east of Aberdeen in Scotland , Britain , February 24 , 2014 . REUTERS/Andy Buchanan/Pool/File Photo
LONDON/SINGAPORE OPEC production cuts have created record Asian demand for European oil and made China the second biggest consumer of North Sea crude as flows from its usual Middle East suppliers dip .
Rising Asian appetite for North Sea crude has largely been fuelled by the falling premium charged for North Sea crude over rival Middle East oil and this demand could last beyond OPEC 's supply cuts if that favourable pricing persists .
Thomson Reuters Eikon data shows China imported almost 38 million barrels of North Sea crude from the start of the year until late April , compared with about 8 million barrels by the same point in 2016 .
China now lies second to Britain , the biggest consumer of North Sea crude , which had bought 49.7 million barrels by late April this year . In January to April 2016 , China ranked seventh .
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries , Russia and other non-OPEC producers agreed to cut output by 1.8 million barrels per day ( bpd ) in the first half of 2017 to lift prices and reduce global inventories .
With stockpiles still bulging , Gulf producers and other producers say cuts could be extended to December , adding a further incentive for Asian buyers to look beyond their usual suppliers .
`` East of Suez , crude balances look like they will get progressively tighter year-on-year all the way through to the end of 2017 , '' FGE analyst James Davis said .
`` We suspect there will be , from a supply perspective , a need for crude to move across to Asia from the North Sea , '' they said .
Reluctant to relinquish market share to U.S. oil shale producers , OPEC states have kept their official selling prices low and used their crude stockpiles to keep clients supplied .
But they have tended to cut output of medium , more sulphurous crudes that are cheaper , and maintained flows of lighter , less sulphur-rich oil , which usually sell for more .
With less of those medium crudes on the market prices for that oil have climbed , sending the premium that is usually paid for North Sea oil to its lowest since 2010 DUB-EFS-1M .
CRUDE DIET
The premium for North Sea Brent , the peg for many of world 's lighter crudes , over the Dubai benchmark , which underpins medium and heavier grades common in the Middle East , has fallen below 50 cents a barrel from $ 2.50 in late November , when OPEC announced its cuts .
`` North Sea crude keeps coming to Asia and now there should be more given the price structure , '' a trader at a North Asian refinery said .
China customs data shows the cost of importing North Sea oil was even more favourable in March , showing importing a barrel of British crude cost $ 56.70 , compared with $ 57.80 for a barrel from the United Arab Emirates , even when the UAE lies 8,000 miles closer to China than Scotland 's North Sea coast .
`` North Sea oil suits the Korean diet and the Chinese can still take it if the price is right , ” a Singapore-based trader said .
Other factors are also encouraging Asian consumers to seek out new suppliers . Chinese domestic oil production has been eroded because of weak oil prices , while refineries in the world 's biggest car market have been expanding .
Overall , Asian refining capacity will expand by a net 450,000 bpd in 2017 , a rise of 1.5 percent over Asia 's total installed capacity now of nearly 29 million bpd , Thomson Reuters Eikon data shows .
`` We expect imports to continue registering year-on-year gains as a narrow Brent-Dubai spread ... encourages the purchasing of Atlantic Basin crudes in Asia , '' Energy Aspects said in a note , even though it said China had `` clearly overbought '' crude in the first quarter of the year .
For a graphic on North Sea crude oil flows to Asia , click - reut.rs/2q6pDo4
For a graphic on Biggest buyers of North Sea crude oil , click - reut.rs/2q6pDo4
For a graphic on North Sea crude flows to China vs Brent/Dubai premium , click - reut.rs/2q7g3B2
( Additional reporting by Henning Gloystein in Singapore ; Editing by Edmund Blair )
April 13 PZ Cussons Plc :
* Trading update in respect of period 25 January 2017 to 12 April 2017 .
* Overall performance of group has been in line with expectations .
* Cash generation for period also in line with expectations .
* In UK , performance in washing and bathing division robust ; impact of margin improvement initiatives offset higher costs due to weaker pound
* Europe - in beauty division , performance has been good across Sanctuary , St Tropez , Charles Worthington and Fudge
* Performance in smaller markets of Thailand and Middle East has been in line with expectations
* Performance in smaller markets of Ghana And Kenya has been in line with expectations .
* Outlook for financial year ending 31 may remain in line with expectations .
* In Nigeria , there has been some improvement in liquidity in both interbank and secondary markets
* All business units across personal care , home care , electricals and food & nutrition have traded relatively well
* Performance in smaller markets of Ghana and Kenya has been in line with expectations .
* Group 's balance sheet remains strong and well placed to pursue new opportunities as they arise . Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Bengaluru Newsroom )
A Quickie with Ivika Jürgenson
If it seems like this site is turning European , never fear . It just happens that most of the Americans we know are still camping or skating or surfing or pimping out their travel trailers , etc right now . But in Euroland – to stoke is real and the content is flowing and when Ivika 's edit hit the netwaves this week , we decided another quickie was in order . So read on to learn more about this Estonian estrogen factory .
All photos : Tim Schirphorst
Who are you , how long have you been snowboarding and how did you get into it , who gives you gear ?
I 'm Ivika Jürgenson . I 'm originally from Estonia but I live in the Netherlands at the moment . I got into snowboarding at age of 12 because of my dad . We used to go skiing a couple of times a winter at our local ski resort , which by the way is only 900 feet high . One time my dad suggested that we should try snowboarding instead of skiing . Nobody ever skied in my family after that ! I only got to start snowboarding more after graduating from high school .
I get my gear from Dinosaurs Will Die , Union and Vans .
Tell me more about your part- which was the hardest shot to get , which was the easiest ?
What was the hardest to get was finding a filmer haha . I was constantly struggling with that ! ! ! If any filmers read this , DM me on IG ! But to answer your question… I think the hardest one was a clip that I ended up not using . It was a rail to wall spot close to SLC . You could see it in the teaser tho ! We put so much effort into building the spot ! Huge thanks to Alexa , Jake , Kaleah and Jess for that ! ! ! The snow was melting and heavy . We had to make a pretty long run in , which was in a tunnel . So getting all the snow there was really complicated . The landing was pretty much on the rocks as well , so we had to fill it in with a lot of snow . In the end I did get a shot there but I decided not to use it . I left out a bunch of shots from the edit . I do n't think that people wan na see every single spot that was done . I wanted to keep it short and make people watch the whole part , 1:46 is already too long for our IG short attention span era .
The easiest one… I do n't really know , probably the 5-O .
Is “ dome ” a sexual innuendo in Holland too , and if so , how annoying are the jokes about it for you ?
I do n't think so . I mean they speak Dutch here , even if they make some jokes about it I would n't be able to understand them .
How did you come to be part of Jess 's project ?
I was uninvited .
I saw Tim “ Shithorse ” filmed some of your clips- got any good stories about him ? Can we expect any other secret bangers in the new Postland movie , Loose ?
Yeah , they helped me a lot with filming ! We went to Finland for a week in January and to Quebec in the beginning of April . I filmed some of the clips that I 'm the most stoked about with him , including my ender . I like filming with him , they always have some good ideas about the spots or tricks that I should do . They definitely push me to do better . No secret bangers in their movie tho .
What are your plans for this season ?
I 'm planning on continuing filming for The Uninvited . Getting really excited about it actually !
Follow Ivika on IG @ ivikajuergenson and the Uninvited project @ the__uninvited
Mate is an author and international speaker on repressed trauma and the emotional and physical effects of hidden stress . They said many of the illicit drug users they treated in Vancouver 's Downtown Eastside became addicted in response to unresolved traumatic experiences in childhood .
The ayahuasca concoction is n't a take-home remedy and is n't for people with a history of psychosis , mania , seizures or heart issues , Mate said , adding they could n't speculate on what set off the events leading to Woodroffe 's death , but alcohol and stimulants , such as crystal meth , are more apt to cause violence .
`` I 've participated in multiple ceremonies and I 've seen the occasional person freak out , but rarely . I know people who 've done or led hundreds , maybe thousands of ceremonies and never had any acts of violence . ''
In December 2015 , a Winnipeg man fatally stabbed a fellow tourist from England after the two drank ayahuasca together in a spiritual ceremony a few hours ' drive from where Woodroffe was killed . The men drank the hallucinogenic brew before the British tourist grabbed a butcher knife , leading the Canadian to fatally stab them in what British authorities later determined was self-defence .
Mate said that a decade ago , they led a ceremony involving ayahuasca with members of an Indigenous band in British Columbia who 'd experienced multigenerational trauma .
Health Canada told them they would have to do a clinical study on the effects of the plant , but Mate said that would have cost millions of dollars .
`` It 's a completely different entity , '' they said of the plant . `` What I wish they would do is look at it realistically and objectively based on international experience . ''
Health Canada did provide an exemption to the drug several years ago for a Montreal chapter of a Brazilian religion for sacramental use of the plant .
Rhonda Nelson of Athabasca , Alta. , said they went on a life-changing retreat led by Mate in 2015 to deal with anxiety and depression related to childhood trauma before attending similar ceremonies in Peru in January 2017 where they again drank ayahuasca .
`` It would be akin to 10 years of psychotherapy . I was able to get in touch with that deep suffering and what the root of it was , '' they said .
Nelson , 45 , said they also experienced physical healing and no longer has symptoms of congenital myasthemic syndrome , a neuromuscular disorder .
`` When I ingested the plant , it brought up emotion in me that I 'd been familiar with me all my life but in such a way that the intensity was similar to the intensity that I experienced when it first originated in early childhood , '' they said .
— Follow @ CamilleBains1 on Twitter
By Camille Bains , The Canadian Press
In the last 105 years only five people have held Senate seats in Mississippi . An open seat is rare . Joining us to talk about this Political Science Professor at Gulf Coast Community College , Brian Carriere .
New Jersey sets aside $ 5M for pilot local news program
TRENTON , N.J. ( AP ) — The state has set aside $ 5 million for a trailblazing nonprofit group seeking to boost coverage of local news in New Jersey .
Advocates see the pilot project as an important and innovative way to use public money to encourage more local news reporting following a sharp decline in such coverage industrywide in recent years .
Detractors worry the model could lead to government interference .
Lawmakers say the funding , which was included in the state budget signed Sunday by Democratic Gov . Phil Murphy , will help focus more reporting on local issues in a state dominated by the New York and Philadelphia media markets .
The idea for the initiative sprang from the efforts of the nonpartisan , nonprofit Free Press Action Fund , which held community forums on residents ' concerns about dwindling local news coverage , leading to legislation creating the Civic Information Consortium .
The bill , which awaits the governor 's signature , sets up a charitable and education organization with a 15-member board . The governor , the Democratic Assembly speaker , the Democratic Senate president and the Republican leaders in both chambers would all make appointments . The board would also include representatives from five state colleges , the news media , and the public .
Mike Rispoli , news director for Free Press , sketched a potential scenario for how the consortium might work : Suppose you live in a small New Jersey town whose local paper does n't cover council meetings any more because of cutbacks . Under the legislation , you could apply for a grant to set up a one-person newsroom , and one of the universities could provide office space .
It 's an idea that resonated with lawmakers .
`` When it comes to state news coverage and civic information , New Jersey is one of the most underserved states in the nation , '' Democratic Assemblywoman Carol Murphy said . `` This lack of information makes it difficult for New Jersey residents to know what 's happening in their communities . ''
The grant money comes from a fund supported by the sale of the public broadcast spectrum last year , which netted more than $ 300 million , most of which is going toward general state expenses .
Rispoli pointed to public radio and television as an already-established model that shows publicly funded journalism can work free from political bias .
They also noted requirements under the bill that the consortium issue a public report to the Legislature and hold meetings across the state with the aim of being responsive to the public .
`` What we wanted to do is insulate ( the consortium ) as much as possible from undue government influence , '' they said . `` We also wanted it to be accountable to the public . ''
Those assurances have not put everyone 's concerns to rest .
Al Tompkins , a faculty member at The Poynter Institute , a journalism think tank and school in St. Petersburg , Florida , said they realize public radio and TV rely on taxpayer dollars but that they had questions about how the planned consortium would be insulated from political pressure .
`` When media does things that government does n't like then government uses that as a sword , '' they said . `` When you start taking public money you have to start with the suspicion that at some point the system will be corrupted by power . ''
Rispoli said it 's worth engaging on that question . They said `` doing nothing '' in the face of news media consolidation was n't a good option .
`` I really want all the media industry watchers to watch this and hold it accountable , '' Rispoli said . `` The stakes are too high for the consortium to fail . ''
Murphy 's office declined to say whether the governor would sign the bill but Rispoli said he 's optimistic they will . The budget money has already been allocated .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Greece set to get cash to pay bills , but debt relief elusive
LUXEMBOURG , June 15 Greece 's international lenders are expected to agree on Thursday to unblock as much as 8 billion euros in loans that Athens desperately needs to next month to pay its bills , but to leave the contentious issue of debt relief for later .
April 13 Soribada Inc :
* Says it will issue 13th series unregistered and unsecured private convertible bonds , to raise 2.6 billion won in proceeds for operations
* Maturity date is April 13 , 2020 , coupon rate is 2 percent and yield to maturity is 3 percent for the bonds
* Conversion price is 1,438 won/share and conversion ratio is 100 percent
Source text in Korean : goo.gl/c167i5
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Law enforcement authorities have announced a $ 50,000 reward for Facebook killer Steve Stephens after the Easter Sunday slaying of 74-year-old Robert Godwin .
Stephens allegedly selected and shot Godwin at point-blank range on Sunday around 2 p.m. Godwin was walking home after eating an Easter meal with their children .
According to WHNT , the $ 50,000 reward announced during a Monday morning press conference at which Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams spoke and referenced the involvement of federal agencies in the manhunt . They said , “ We 're still asking Steve to turn themselves in , but if they do n't , we 'll find him . We 're not going to stop until we find him . ”
Williams said the manhunt is now “ a national search . ”
Stephens has no criminal record . They talked to their mother after Sunday 's murder and said they were “ shooting people ” because they were angry with their girlfriend .
Police believe Stephens is traveling in a white Ford Fusion with temporary plates . Stephens is a black man who is 6-foot-1 and weighs 244 pounds .
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins , a Breitbart News podcast . They are also the political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow them on Twitter : @ AWRHawkins . Reach them directly at awrhawkins @ breitbart.com
( Repeats April 19 column . The opinions expressed here are those of the author , a columnist for Reuters )
* tmsnrt.rs/2pAGO0P
* tmsnrt.rs/2pBzQby
By Andy Home
LONDON , April 19 Copper 's bull momentum from the start of the year is fading as the disruption premium from supply hits at the world 's two largest mines unwinds and broader risk-off turbulence also joins the mix .
Three-month copper on the London Metal Exchange ( LME ) slid through $ 5,600 on Tuesday to hit $ 5,568.50 a tonne , its lowest level since January . And though it staged a small bounce on Wednesday morning , at $ 5,630 copper 's year-to-date gain stands at a little more than 2 percent , having been up almost 11 percent in February .
On the supply side , a strike at Escondida in Chile has ended , albeit after a longer than expected 43 days , while a temporary compromise on export shipments should allow the Grasberg mine in Indonesia to ramp up towards more normal operating rates .
There is no shortage of potential further flashpoints in the supply chain , but for now copper is drifting .
Unsurprisingly , the weaker tone in pricing has seen a significant tempering of fund long positioning in the market . What 's curious , though , is that funds remain as committed as they are , particularly on the CME 's copper contract .
Has CME tapped a whole new source of managed money ? Or is it part of a bigger rotation of funds into the commodity sector ? Or maybe a bit of both ?
Graphic on money manager positioning on the CME copper contract : tmsnrt.rs/2pAGO0P
Graphic on money manager positioning on the LME copper contract : tmsnrt.rs/2pBzQby
STILL COMMITTED
The latest Commitments of Traders Report ( COTR ) , covering trading to April 11 , showed funds holding a net long position of 55,512 lots on the CME 's copper contract .
That 's a sharp reduction from the peak of 101,139 contracts registered in the last week of January . Expressed in terms of open interest , funds have trimmed net long positioning from almost 35 percent to 19 percent over the same time frame .
In broad terms the same unwinding of speculative length has played out in the London market .
The LME 's own COTR shows funds net long at 58,593 contracts as of April 7 , down from a peak of 80,478 contracts in mid-December .
None of which is surprising , given that the money manager category in both reports captures the Commodities Trading Advisor ( CTA ) community , large parts of which use trend-following algorithms .
This means that positioning often tends to follow price evolution . A period of price drift , such as seen over the past few weeks , will tend to translate into fewer longs and more shorts .
What is surprising , though , is that funds are still as long as they are in both markets .
Strip out the past six months and that LME long position would be the largest since the exchange started publishing its reports in 2014 .
The historical comparison is even more telling when it comes to the CME because the U.S. COTR has a much longer history . Ignoring the past few months , the current net length of 55,512 lots dwarfs anything seen in the past .
Prior to the fourth quarter of 2016 the highest collective net long position had been 48,994 lots in July 2014 , when copper was trading either side of the $ 7,000 level .
NEW CYCLE ?
To an extent , funds ' commitment to copper is part of a broader pattern of re-engagement with the commodities sector .
LME aluminium , for example , is a current favourite of money managers , with net length higher than copper in both outright size ( 197,857 contracts ) and relative to open interest ( 21 percent ) , as of April 7 .
As with copper , there is an evolving story to buy into as the market tries to work out the impact on aluminium production of China 's increasingly draconian environmental controls .
But beyond specific narratives , there does seem to be a broader rotation of fund money into commodities as correlations with other asset classes break down and benchmark commodity indices return to positive territory after several years of underperformance .
Goldman Sachs , for example , notes that its `` 2017 top trading recommendation '' , being long the GSCI commodity index , is showing a return of about 7 percent . The bank retains its overweight commodities stance on a three-month and 12-month time horizon . ( `` Commodity Watch : Patience is working but reflation requires time '' , April 12 , 2017 ) .
Source UK Services , meanwhile , claims that its exchange-traded fund ( ETF ) tracking the Bloomberg Commodity Index has taken in $ 1 billion since its launch in January , making it the `` most successful ETF launch in the past five years '' .
Analysts at Citi estimate that cumulative inflows to the commodities sector totalled about $ 8 billion in the first quarter , albeit with a significant part of that flowing into precious metals .
NEW PLAYERS ?
But if funds are indeed returning to commodity markets , either they are doing so with a degree of enthusiasm not hitherto seen in the CME copper contract or there are simply more of them .
It 's noticeable that rising money manager positioning on the CME has coincided with a steady increase in activity .
CME copper volumes , futures and options combined , surged by 27 percent last year and a further 25 percent in the first quarter of 2017 .
Futures open interest surpassed 300,000 contracts for the first time on Feb. 13 and has been running above 200,000 contracts since October last year .
It is evident the exchange has been winning more copper business and , by inference , a lot of it has come from the fund community .
But which fund community ?
Only the CME itself will know the answer to that question , but the general perception is that its copper contract is drawing in new Asian players , including an element of Chinese investment .
Which itself is interesting since the one market not to show any signs of speculative length is the Shanghai Futures Exchange . Copper volumes and open interest were down 41 percent and 32 percent respectively in the first quarter and recent patterns suggest , if anything , that speculative players are increasing short positions .
Copper is in a state of flux right now , with prices caught between competing bear and bull drivers .
But it seems that fund participation in the copper market is also in a state of flux , with the rise in length on the CME suggesting something more than just cyclical rotation of investment money .
Whether the new money obeys the same rules as the old money remains to be seen , but it injects a whole new layer of uncertainty into an already highly uncertain pricing outlook .
( Editing by David Goodman )
Feb 1 ( Reuters ) - Cumulus Media Inc :
* CUMULUS MEDIA INC - HAS REACHED AN AGREEMENT WITH MERLIN MEDIA REGARDING OPERATION AND SALE OF WKQX-FM AND WLUP-FM IN CHICAGO​
* CUMULUS MEDIA INC - ‍UNDER TERMS OF AGREEMENT , CUMULUS WILL NO LONGER BE REQUIRED TO ACQUIRE CHICAGO STATIONS FOR APPROXIMATELY $ 50 MILLION​ Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
US President Donald Trump says yesterday 's attack in New York highlights the `` urgent need '' to bring in immigration reform .
A 27-year-old Bangladeshi man has been arrested after an explosion on the city 's subway system - which injured three commuters .
He 's believed to have lived in the US for seven years .
Consul general of Bangladesh in New York , Shameem Ahsan , said they lived with their mother , sister and two brothers in Brooklyn and was a green card holder .
Police think the bomb went off prematurely between Seventh and Eighth Avenues on 42nd Street , and could have been intended for a busier destination .
White House press secretary is Sarah Huckabee Sanders : `` We know that the president 's policy calls for an end to chain migration - which is what this individual came to the United States through .
`` And if their policy had been in place , then that attacker would not have been allowed to come in the country '' .
Mr Trump has emphasised the need for immigration reforms , criticising the visa programme .
`` America must fix its lax immigration system , which allows far too many dangerous , inadequately vetted people to access our country , '' they said .
× Gunman who shot member of congress had history of anti-GOP activity
BELLEVILLE , Ill. ( AP ) — The gunman who shot a top GOP member of congress and several other people Wednesday at a baseball practice outside the nation 's capital had a long history of lashing out at Republicans and recently frightened a neighbor by firing a rifle into a field behind their Illinois home .
James T. Hodgkinson , 66 , wounded House Rep. Steve Scalise before they were fatally shot by police who had been guarding the House majority whip .
In the hours after the attack in Alexandria , Virginia , a picture began to emerge of a shooter with a mostly minor arrest record who worked as a home inspector and despised the Republican Party .
On Facebook , Hodgkinson was a member of a group called “ Terminate the Republican Party , ” a fact that seemed to take on chilling new meaning in light of an account from South Carolina Rep. Jeff Duncan . They said they were preparing to leave the baseball field when a man politely asked them whether it was a Democratic or Republican team before quietly walking off .
Until recently , Hodgkinson ran a home-inspection business out of their house in southern Illinois . Their Facebook page shows that they were a fan of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders , who last year made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic presidential nomination . Sanders acknowledged Wednesday that Hodgkinson had apparently been among many volunteers on their 2016 campaign .
Authorities believe Hodgkinson had been in the Alexandria area since March , living out of a cargo van and not working , FBI agent Tim Slater said .
An online search of newspapers shows that they frequently wrote letters to their local newspaper , the Belleville News-Democrat , which published nearly two dozen of them between 2010 and 2012 . Many included complaints about the same theme : income inequality .
Hodgkinson , who spent most of their life in the community of 42,000 just across the Mississippi River from St. Louis , compared the economic conditions of the time to those that preceded the Great Depression and excoriated Congress for not increasing the number of tax brackets and adopting other tax-reform measures .
On May 14 , 2010 , they wrote : “ I do n't envy the rich ; I despise the way they have bought our politicians and twisted our laws to their benefit . ”
Less than a year later , on March 4 , 2011 , they wrote that Congress should rewrite tax codes to ease the tax burdens of the middle class .
“ Let 's get back to the good ol ' days , when our representatives had a backbone and a conscience , ” they wrote .
Later that year , in October 2011 , they applauded the Occupy Wall Street protesters in New York and Boston , writing that the demonstrators “ are tired of our do-nothing Congress doing nothing while our country is going down the tubes . ”
Hodgkinson had arrests in their background for a series of minor offenses and at least one more serious matter . Court records show that their legal trouble started in the 1990s with arrests for resisting police and drunken driving .
In April 2006 , Hodgkinson was charged with misdemeanor battery after they stormed into a neighbor 's house in an attempt to force home a teenage girl who , according to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch , was under guardianship of Hodgkinson and their wife .
Witnesses told deputies that Hodgkinson burst into the home and told their daughter “ to get your stuff . It 's time to come home , ” the report said . The daughter refused and locked themselves in a bedroom before Hodgkinson again forced their way in and “ became violent , ” grabbing them by their hair and throwing them on the floor , according to the report .
The confrontation spilled outside as the daughter and a friend tried to flee in a car . Hodgkinson used a pocket knife to cut the friend 's seat belt and punched that woman in the face .
The teenager 's mother entered the fray , hitting their daughter , pulling their hair to get them out of the car and threatening to put them back into foster care , the report said .
After Hodgkinson retreated to their home , they were confronted by the boyfriend of the woman they punched . According to the report , Hodgkinson struck that man in the head with the wooden stock of a 12-gauge shotgun before firing off a round as that man fled .
A judge later returned the teen to the custody of Illinois welfare officials and awarded guardianship to the Hodgkinsons ' neighbor , the Post-Dispatch reported . Battery charges against Hodgkinson and their wife were later dismissed .
Three years earlier , Hodgkinson served as an independent contractor on a county weatherization program . They were banned from the program after they were apparently caught rummaging through someone 's desk in search of a check , according to Mark Kern , the St. Clair County board chairperson .
Though no other legal problems are listed in St. Clair County , which includes Belleville , since 2011 , Hodgkinson did come to the attention of local law enforcement as recently as late March .
That 's when Bill Schaumleffel recalled hearing shots being fired outside their house , which stands about 500 feet behind Hodgkinson 's home . When they went outside , they saw Hodgkinson shooting a rifle into a cornfield . They were squeezing off five or six rounds at a time and , according to the report , fired about 50 shots in all .
“ I yelled , ‘ Quit shooting toward the houses , ' ” Schaumleffel said .
When Hodgkinson refused to stop , Schaumleffel called the sheriff 's department .
St. Clair County Sheriff Rick Watson said Wednesday that Hodgkinson showed the deputy all required firearms licenses and documentation for the high-powered hunting rifle , which they said they were simply using for target practice .
The deputy cautioned Hodgkinson about shooting around homes , given that the rounds can travel up to a mile . No charges were filed .
“ He said , ‘ I understand , ' and said they needed to take the gun to a range to shoot it , Watson said . “ There was nothing we could arrest them for , and there was no indication they were mentally ill or going to harm anyone .
“ The only thing I was concerned about was that it was such a high-powered gun , and that somebody could possibly get hurt . ”
Watson said the deputy on Wednesday recalled Hodgkinson being “ very cordial . ”
The incident happened March 24 , according to sheriff 's officials . If the FBI is correct that Hodgkinson had been in Virginia since March , they must have left Illinois shortly after they were seen with the rifle at their home .
Over the last several weeks , Hodgkinson spent time at a YMCA near the site of the shooting , sitting with a computer in the lobby or at a table in an exercise area that overlooked the baseball field .
Stephen Brennwald , an attorney who said they saw the man every time they visited the facility recently , said they never recalled them talking to anyone .
“ I would try to chat them up and say stuff , but they never looked back at me , ” Brennwald said .
Brennwald thought it was odd that Hodgkinson was never exercising or wearing workout clothes . They thought about asking a staffer about the man but never did , they said .
“ Looking back with 20/20 hindsight , I can see how the guy was troubled , but at the time I thought they were working , ” Brennwald said .
The office of Republican Rep. Mike Bost , whose district includes Belleville , said it had a record of 10 contacts with Hodgkinson between June 2016 and last month . The contacts were made via phone calls and emails . Spokesman George O'Connor described them as “ negative in nature on a variety of legislative issues , but not threatening . ”
Bost in 2014 became the first Republican since World War II to hold southern Illinois ' 12th District seat .
Dale Walsh , 65 , of Belleville , said they were a lifelong friend of Hodgkinson 's . They said Hodgkinson never talked politics with him , but they were a passionate person who occasionally got into fights .
“ He was the type of person that if you challenged him , they would n't back off . ”
BRIEF-Skanska says sells buildings at university in Kalmar , Sweden
* Skanska divests three buildings at linnaeus university in kalmar , sweden , for about sek 1.1 billion Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
DETROIT — Kameron Chatman had 21 points with eight rebounds to lead all five Detroit Mercy starters in double-figure scoring in a 74-60 victory over IUPUI on Friday night .
Chatman , who had four assists and three steals , scored 12 points in the first half when Detroit took a 38-28 lead after shooting 52 per cent and leading by as many at 18 .
The Titans led the entire game and made 8 of 19 3-point tries . Roschon Prince and Josh McFolley added 14 points with McFolley making four of the Titans ' 11 steals . DeShawndre Black scored 13 points and Cole Long 12 with seven assists for the Titans ( 7-17 , 3-8 Horizon ) .
Jaylen Minnett led the Jaguars ( 7-15 , 4-7 ) , who have lost four straight , with four 3-pointers for their 12 points . IUPUI did n't get closer than seven in the second half .
NEW YORK Japan has less room to compromise with the United States under a bilateral trade deal than under a multilateral agreement like the Trans-Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) , its deputy prime minister said , taking a swipe at U.S. attempts to directly pressure Tokyo into opening up heavily-protected markets like agriculture .
Taro Aso , who heads Japan for a newly-created bilateral economic dialogue with the United States , said that under TPP , Japan was able to accede to more U.S. demands as it could make up for the losses through agreements with other countries .
`` In a bilateral deal , you ca n't do that . You ca n't get back what you lose from a compromise with the United States , '' Aso said in a seminar at Columbia University on Wednesday .
Aso 's comments underscore Japan 's hopes of avoiding a bilateral free-trade agreement ( FTA ) with the United States after U.S. President Donald Trump abandoned the 12-nation TPP backed by their predecessor Barack Obama and Japanese premier Shinzo Abe .
Tokyo fears a two-way agreement would expose it to stronger U.S. pressure to open up politically-sensitive markets like agriculture and beef .
After the first round of talks in Tokyo on Tuesday , Japan and the United States remained at logger-heads on how to frame the bilateral economic dialogue .
The Trump administration has signalled its intention to use the dialogue to push for a two-way trade deal , while Japan wants to broaden the agenda to add less-thorny issues like infrastructure investment .
Vice President Mike Pence , who headed the U.S. delegation , said their administration hopes the bilateral dialogue could lead to future negotiations on a FTA .
TAX HIKE UNDER WAY
On domestic policy , Aso , who is also Japan 's finance minister , said budding signs of recovery in the economy and private consumption are paving the way for Japan to proceed with a twice-delayed sales tax hike now scheduled for October 2019 .
They also warned that there was no quick fix for the country 's tattered finances , shrugging off the chance the central bank would resort to `` helicopter money '' - or direct underwriting of public debt to fund government spending .
Aso said they were aware of proposals by some academics for radical steps to spur growth , such as having the Bank of Japan directly underwrite government spending or intentionally creating sharp inflation to pay off public debt without raising tax .
`` In reality , there are various problems to such ideas . For one , it would undermine the BOJ 's independence and market confidence over monetary policy , '' Aso said .
Given Japan 's huge public debt , any signs the government is abandoning efforts on fiscal discipline could also invite a bust in the country 's finances or runaway inflation that would have a detrimental effect on the public .
`` We ca n't allow that to happen .... There 's no quick fix , '' Aso said . The only way to solve the problem would be to raise tax , cut spending and take steps to revive the economy , they added .
`` The economy is likely to do well ahead of the Tokyo Olympic Games in 2020 , so it will be easier to raise the sales tax , '' said Aso , who visited New York ahead of this week 's meeting of the Group of 20 finance leaders ' gathering in Washington , D.C .
Japan has twice delayed the second promised tax hike after the first increase in April 2014 tipped the world 's third-biggest economy into a recession .
( Reporting by Leika Kihara ; Editing by Leslie Adler )
The German Olympic Sports Confederation ( DOSB ) has said the world of cycling is `` holding their breath '' after 11-time world champion Kristina Vogel suffered a serious spinal injury in a crash during training last week .
Twenty-seven year old Vogel , a double Olympic champion , was at the Cottbus Veledrome when they collided with another cyclist at high speed .
It is said they hit tthe other rider after they pulled out onto the track in front of them
The condition of the other cyclist has not been announced .
Vogel was taken to hospital in Berlin for an operation and later placed in intensive care .
Kristina Vogel , who won Olympic sprint gold at the Rio 2016 Games , suffered a `` serious spinal injury '' in training last week and is now in intensive care ©Getty Images
In a statement , the DOSB said they are `` not only a world class athlete , but has a cheerful soul , is a real friend , a role model , a hero , and a fighter '' .
`` The world of cycling and Kristina 's world will never be the same again , '' the organisation said .
`` Now we have to stand together and support them and their family in any way we can . ''
No formal update on Vogel 's condition has been given since the crash .
It is not the first time they have been involved in a serious accident .
In 2009 they were knocked off their bike by a vehicle and was placed in an induced coma for two days .
They recovered from that incident to win team sprint gold for Germany at the London 2012 Olympics three years later .
'We will practice what we preach . Stricter even , ' Cebu City Mayor Tommy Osmeña says about the ban , which will begin on August 1
Published 4:54 PM , July 04 , 2018
MANILA , Philippines – Single-use plastics and styrofoam will be banned from the Cebu City Hall starting August 1 , as the city government implements more measures for environmental protection .
Cebu City Mayor Tommy Osmeña announced the ban in a memorandum dated July 3 .
`` The Cebu City Government , mindful of its role to protect the environment and promote sustainable development , hereby declares as a policy that it will gradually minimize the use of plastics in all city government offices and endeavors to be plastic-free in the coming years , '' Osmeña said .
Single-use plastics include straws , cups , plates , spoons , and forks . City government employees are advised to bring their own reusable utensils instead .
The ban also covers food vendors handling single-use plastic containers or packaging materials for dine-in or take-out meals . People are encouraged to place take-out food in paper-based , plant-based , or reusable plastic containers . ( READ : Plastic Battle 's plea : Ditch single-use bottles , go for refills )
`` It also would n't be good to demand something of others if we were n't willing to do it ourselves . So , we will practice what we preach . Stricter even , '' Osmeña added .
Osmeña 's memorandum cited a 2017 Greenpeace study that ranked the Philippines as `` the 3rd worst plastic polluter of oceans . ''
The mayor also pointed out how plastics , along with poor waste management and littering , contribute to flooding in Cebu City . Floods mean health risks and threats to the safety of residents . ( READ : How the fight vs plastic pollution can begin in the classroom )
This is n't Cebu City 's first step to becoming a plastic-free city . For two days each week , all plastic bags and similar products are banned , too . – with reports from Samantha Bagayas/Rappler.com
The Solomon Islands Government have secured the land required to construct a national stadium for the 2023 Pacific Games .
Negotiations for the land in capital Honiara , located on the island of Guadalcanal , have been delayed for nearly a year .
An agreement has now been reached for a site , however , which is located near the King George VI Secondary School and the University of the South Pacific .
Pacific Games Council ( PGC ) chief executive Andrew Minogue praised the progress made on securing the land .
They expressed their hope the breakthrough would boost preparations for the Games .
`` On those two facilities , the school and the university , is going to be the Athletes ' Villages for the Games , where all the teams and delegations will stay , '' Minogue told Radio New Zealand .
`` So it 's always made a lot of sense to have the main hub of the Games - your main stadium , your athletics track and so on - in those grounds but we 've been made aware the last year or so that there are some land issues around getting full access to that site .
`` It appears through the Prime Minister 's department they 've intervened and basically brought all the stakeholders together and got an agreement which is really quite helpful . ''
PGC chief executive Andrew Minogue hopes the agreement leads to further progress ©PGC
A location for the Games ' swimming venue is expected to be the next major challenge for organisers .
Solomon Islands were awarded the Games back in 2016 , having seen off the challenge of rivals Tahiti .
They are poised to become the seventh nation to host the Games , which take place every four years .
The PGC are hoping to avoid a similar scenario to what affected the 2019 Games , which saw Tonga 's Government withdraw as hosts due to financial reasons .
Samoa were named as replacement hosts in December .
Minogue has stated a revised host city agreement has been signed with the Solomon Islands .
The agreement will see several milestones set to ensure preparations remain on track .
0 Woman 's $ 12,000 bee sting bill shows how high emergency room costs have climbed
How can a two-hour treatment for a bee sting end up costing a patient $ 12,000 ? Prices can soar when the patient goes through a barrage of tests and insurance does n't cover the bill , but Sylvia Rosas ' case is shining a light on the cost of health care in the country .
It all started with a simple bee sting in their yard in Florida . Rosas had allergic reactions to stings in the past , but did n't have an EpiPen , so they went to the emergency room , CNN Money reported . Several doctors looked at their sting and ordered blood tests and an EKG to ensure they would n't have a reaction . The visit , which took less than two hours , happened to be at an out-of-network hospital , so their insurance would n't cover it . Rosas had to pay the bill out of pocket .
Now , she 's second-guessing when they need to see a doctor so they wo n't wind up with the bill later .
> > Read more trending news
Rick Brown found themselves in a similar financial situation , CNN Money reported .
They twisted their ankle . After trying to treat it at home to no avail , they went to their local emergency room , on their own crutches , and was seen by a physician assistant . Brown had an X-ray done on them and was given a splint and a prescription , with a suggestion to see a specialist for the fracture .
They were billed $ 2,600 for the ER visit . Then , they received a separate bill for $ 5,700 from the doctor 's office . Insurance paid half of the ER bill , but denied the doctor 's charges because the person who saw them was out-of-network .
Brown said that if they had known that the bill would n't be covered , they would have waited a few days longer to see someone else .
Officials with the Health Care Cost Institute say ER visits cost an average of $ 1,917 in 2016 . That 's more than 31 percent higher than it did four years before .
The amount billed by the hospital usually covers the facility fee and some tests and services , CNN Money reported . But it usually does n't include the cost patients incur for actually seeing a doctor , which is usually billed separately .
The big question is : Why does it cost so much ?
Emergency rooms are seeing more patients , and those patients have severe medical problems .
People with cuts and fevers will more likely go to urgent care locations . Patients with chest pain and those suffering from asthma attacks are seen in emergency rooms , and those conditions are more expensive to treat , CNN Money reported .
Emergency rooms also have access to expensive equipment , like CT scans and MRIs .
So where does that leave patients who need care , but do n't want to gamble with their finances ?
First , experts told CNN Money that patients do n't need to sign paperwork with the ER that promises to pay in full just to be seen . Federal law says ERs have to screen and stabilize anyone who comes in .
Second , if you 're stuck with a bill , speak with the health care providers . Prices can be negotiable , CNN Money reported . A professor of surgery and health policy at Johns Hopkins University found that hospitals mark up some services as much as 340 percent more than Medicare allowances .
“ Prices are highly fluctuant and often negotiable , ” Martin Makary told CNN Money . “ As with new cars , people are not expected to pay the sticker price . ”
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
EU Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier attends a debate on Brexit priorities and the upcomming talks on the UK 's withdrawal from the EU at the European Parliament in Strasbourg , France , April 5 , 2017 . REUTERS/Vincent Kessler
BRUSSELS Britain will be paying off obligations to Brussels for years after Brexit , remain subject to EU courts and go on letting relatives of European immigrants settle in the UK , draft EU negotiating documents show .
The demands are contained in a paper , seen by Reuters on Thursday , that outlines `` key elements '' of directives for Michel Barnier , the EU 's chief negotiator , who will launch talks on a Brexit treaty after Britain holds a general election on June 8 .
Prime Minister Theresa May has put ending `` free movement '' of workers from other EU states , budget contributions to Brussels and oversight by the European Court of Justice ( ECJ ) among central planks of their plans for leaving the European Union , due to happen in March 2019 after a two-year negotiating period .
READ MORE : UK risks 22 percent tariff on EU food imports if no Brexit deal - retailers
But in language that echoes a tough line taken by the 27 other EU leaders who will endorse a common position at a summit on April 29 , the paper spells out Brussels ' aim to protect the rights of 3 million EU citizens living in Britain , extract cash from London to cover a wide range of existing commitments and ensure EU judges can hold Britain to the treaty after Brexit .
It does not put a figure on what Britain might owe -- May 's ministers dismiss an estimate of 60 billion euros ( $ 64 billion ) floated by the EU -- but said the exit treaty should both set a `` global amount '' to honour financial obligations , subject to later adjustments . It will be fixed in euros , not pounds .
And there would also be `` a schedule of annual payments '' .
READ MORE : Brexit makes campsites cool again as Britons tighten belts
That would reflect the fact that loans and guarantees made by the EU while Britain is a member extend well beyond 2019 .
During this transition period , rules would be enforced by the ECJ , the paper states , in one of numerous references to the Luxembourg judges ' continuing role in Britain . It said the EU might consider an `` alternative dispute settlement '' system for the treaty , but only if that was `` equivalent '' to the ECJ .
In a particularly pungent demand in a week where Brussels has slapped down London 's claim that it might hang on to two EU agencies based in the capital , the paper says Britain should `` fully cover ... costs '' related to moving them and any other EU bodies to member states staying in the bloc .
IMMIGRANTS ' RIGHTS
The paper , which echoes with additional detail a draft of the negotiating guidelines to be agreed by leaders next week , says the EU 's first priority is to safeguard the rights forever under EU law of Europeans living in Britain on Brexit Day -- as well as pension and other rights of any who have already left .
It spells out that this includes rights , such as taking up a job or access to public housing , that those residents may choose to exercise only after Brexit , as well as the ability of family members to join them after Brexit and enjoy those same rights .
May said on Thursday they would stick to a pledge to cut net immigration by some two thirds to below 100,000 a year . The EU approach , given that some 3 million EU citizens are already in Britain , could affect their ability to meet such targets .
The EU has already voiced concern that British red tape is making it hard to claim rights to permanent residence after five years and the paper said it must have a `` simple and swift '' procedure in place that should be free or at worst no more expensive than Britons paid for similar public documents .
In a reflection of some of the complexities that divorce will entail , the paper said goods placed on the market on either side of the new EU-UK frontier before Brexit would continue to be covered by EU rules even if only sold afterwards -- a measure to address uncertainties about guarantees , labelling and so on .
The paper covered only negotiations on Britain 's withdrawal and not plans to discuss a future free trade agreement .
( editing by Ralph Boulton )
UPDATE 2-Soccer-Bolivian championship adecuacion results and standings
June 15 ( Gracenote ) - Results and standings from the Bolivian championship Adecuacion matches on Thursday Wednesday , June 14 Club Petrolero 2 Bolivar 2 Oriente Petrolero 4 San Jose 1 Universitario de Sucre 0 Blooming 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Bolivar 19 13 2 4 53 16 41 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 2 Oriente Petrolero 19 10 4 5 35 24 34 3 The Strongest 17 10 1 6 38 26 31 4 Nacional Potosi 17 9 2
Apr 22 , 2017 ; Nassau , Bahamas ; Justin Gatlin runs the anchor leg on the United States 4 x 100m relay that won in 38.43 during the IAAF World Relays at Thomas A. Robinson Stadium . Mandatory Credit : Kirby Lee-USA TODAY Sports
Apr 22 , 2017 ; Nassau , Bahamas ; Members of the United States 4 x 100m relay ( from mleft ) : Ronnie Backer and Michael Rodgers and Leshon Collins and Justin Gatlin pose after winning in 38.43 during the IAAF World Relays at Thomas A. Robinson Stadium . Mandatory Credit : Kirby Lee-USA TODAY Sports
Apr 22 , 2017 ; Nassau , Bahamas ; Justin Gatlin runs the anchor leg on the United States 4 x 100m relay that won in 38.43 during the IAAF World Relays at Thomas A. Robinson Stadium . Mandatory Credit : Kirby Lee-USA TODAY Sports
Justin Gatlin and the United States roared to victory in the men 's 4x100m relay as rivals Canada and Jamaica dropped batons at the IAAF World Relays in the Bahamas on Saturday .
Run down by Canadian Olympic medallist Andre De Grasse in the earlier heats , Gatlin romped home in the final , leading the U.S. team of Leshon Collins , Mike Rodgers and Ronnie Baker to victory in 38.43 seconds .
`` It 's all about execution , not about superior speed , '' the 35-year old Olympic 100 metres silver medallist told reporters .
`` Britain and Canada did n't get the stick off ( in the final ) so I am running with 20 metres to the finish line wondering 'Hey , where is everybody at . ''
Barbados claimed the silver and China surprised by taking the bronze .
Australia finished fourth ahead of France as both joined the medallists in qualifying for the IAAF world championships in August .
DeGrasse , who many have labelled as retiring Jamaican record holder Usain Bolt 's likely successor , never had a chance to replicate their first-round showing .
teammate Aaron Brown briefly got the baton to Brendan Rodney on the second exchange before the stick slipped away .
Britain , who ran well until problems on the last exchange , and the Netherlands also failed to finish the race .
Olympic champions Jamaica were not even in the final .
A botched baton exchange in the heats sent packing the Jamaicans , who were running without both Bolt and former 100m world record holder Asafa Powell .
Only once before since 2008 had Jamaica failed to claim gold in a global 4x100m race .
Their women made up some of the disappointment in the women 's 4x200m with double Olympic champion Elaine Thompson leading them home in a championship record 1:29.04 .
Germany beat out the United States for second .
The Americans were first in the women 's 4x800m , dominating in 8:16.36 . That was more than three seconds ahead of Belarus with Australia third .
In qualifying , Trinidad and Tobago 's men ( 3:02.51 ) and the U.S. women ( 3:29.27 ) led advancers in the 4x400m .
The relays conclude on Sunday with the top eight finishers in the 4x100m and 4x400m for men and women automatically qualifying for the IAAF world championships .
( Reporting by Gene Cherry in Salvo , North Carolina ; editing by Amlan Chakraborty )
Solnick & Associates , LLC identifies the most commonly traveled roads prone to accidents and fatalities
FILE BY PIXABAY IMAGES
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags :
• Crashes
• Accidents
• Wrecks Industry :
• Legal Location :
• Jenkintown - Pennsylvania - US
End
-- n Pennsylvania , 1 out of every 43 people was involved in a traffic accident last year , according to PennDOT . In an effort to promote safe driving and bring awareness to streets notorious for accidents and fatalities in their community , Solnick & Associates , LLC has released a new interactive traffic report . `` We believe that when drivers know better , they can do better , '' stated attorney Jay Solnick . `` By identifying the streets most prone to accidents , it 's our hope that it will encourage drivers to be more vigilant behind the wheel and mindful of their surroundings . `` According to the data , North Gulph Road in King of Prussia ranks # 1 for having the most accidents—28 total . Of that number , 11 resulted in injuries . Fortunately , there were no fatalities . Coming in 10place for having the fewest accidents is Easton Road in Horsham . Out of the 18 accidents reported , four resulted in injuries . There were no fatalities . `` The majority of accidents that occur behind the wheel are a result of human area . Even if you think you 're the greatest driver in the world , it 's critical to be cautious of other drivers around you who may be less experienced or even reckless . Defensive driving is key to safety . `` In 2016 , there were 129,395 reportable traffic crashes in Pennsylvania , according to PennDOT . These crashes claimed the lives of 1,188 people and injured another 82,971 people . To add some perspective , the 2016 total of reportable traffic crashes is the thirteenth lowest total since 1950 when 113,748 crashes were reported . `` We are happy to see that traffic accidents appear to be on the decline wcj throughout our state . Thankfully , the vast majority of crashes on our roadways are not fatal , '' stated Solnick . `` Stay clear of distractions , pay attention to your surroundings , do n't drive too fast for conditions—these are just a few of the things we can all do to reduce the chance of an accident and keep our roads safe . `` To view the interactive map , click here ( https : //www.solnicklawyers.com/ jenkintown-accident- map/ ) .The longtime law firm serves workers compensation , personal injury and disability clients across PA , NJ and in the Greater Philadelphia area . At Philadelphia 's Solnick & Associates , LLC , client satisfaction is their top priority.To learn more , visit : www.solnicklawyers.com
Toronto police resume dig at home where Bruce McArthur worked as landscaper
The investigation into alleged serial killer Bruce McArthur has triggered an internal police probe . ( Photo by THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Toronto police say they will resume digging at a property where accused serial killer Bruce McArthur worked as a landscaper .
Police have already found the remains of seven men buried in planters at the property in midtown Toronto .
McArthur , 66 , has been charged with first-degree murder in the deaths of eight men with ties to Toronto 's gay village .
“ We originally did a dig at the property over the winter and nothing was found , ” police spokesperson Meaghan Gray said .
“ Then we decided to go back and revisit all the properties ( where McArthur worked ) again when the springtime hit and the thaw was done . ”
Canine units found “ a number of different spots ” of interest on the property when they returned in the spring , Gray said .
Police dogs also searched about 100 other properties with links to McArthur 's landscaping business but found nothing , they said .
The excavation began Wednesday and is expected to last multiple weeks , Gray said .
McArthur , currently in custody at a west Toronto jail , is alleged to have killed Selim Esen , Skandaraj Navaratnam , Andrew Kinsman , Majeed Kayhan , Dean Lisowick , Soroush Mahmudi , Abdulbasir Faizi and Kirushna Kanagaratnam .
Their case is scheduled to return to court on July 23 .
Related : Alleged Toronto serial killer buried dismembered victims ' remains in planter boxes : Cops
Related : Alleged Toronto serial killer charged with 8th count of first-degree murder
Related : Alleged Toronto serial killer previously questioned , released by police
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
( Reuters ) - Liverpool 's Adam Lallana is a doubt for Sunday 's Premier League game against Tottenham Hotspur with the club not willing to risk aggravating the midfielder 's muscle injury , manager Juergen Klopp said .
England international Lallana sustained a serious thigh injury in pre-season and has struggled for fitness , featuring only seven times for the club in all competitions this season .
The latest setback has kept Lallana out of Liverpool 's last two matches , against West Bromwich Albion in the FA Cup and Huddersfield Town in the league .
” It 's really unlucky , “ Klopp told the club 's website ( www.liverpoolfc.com ) . ” It was a serious injury in the summer . Because of Adam 's quality in training , it looks immediately like we can put them in , but physical-wise he 's not fit .
” The two things that happened after their big injury were in the 10 or 15 minutes after they came on . From nil to 100 in a second , and that 's maybe what caused the problem .
” We really tried to be sensible with it , to do the right thing . But it did n't work , twice . It 's really not a big thing , three games is like not being injured .
Klopp did not completely rule out Lallana 's participation against fifth-placed Tottenham though .
“ He 's maybe available for Tottenham , and if not then he 'll have missed three games , ” Klopp added .
“ That 's really OK but of course it 's not cool . The body needs to adapt again to the intensity . ”
Liverpool is third in the league with 50 points from 25 games , 18 points behind runaway league leaders Manchester City .
A day after the New York Times published a revelatory report about allegations of sexual harassment made against Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein , another woman has stepped forward to accuse them of misconduct .
Lauren Sivan told the Huffington Post on Friday that Weinstein allegedly masturbated in front of them at Cafe Socialista , a Cuban-themed club and restaurant that Weinstein was an investor of about a decade ago .
Following the Times ‘ report Thursday , Weinstein 's attorney , Lisa Bloom , said in a statement that “ he denies many of the accusations as patently false. ” Another attorney for Weinstein , Charles Harder , said the mogul is preparing a lawsuit against the Times for “ false and defamatory ” statements .
PEOPLE has reached out to Bloom and Harder regarding Sivan 's claims .
Sivan , a TV anchor at the time , claims Weinstein took them to the restaurant 's kitchen , where the Hollywood producer proceeded to dismiss two staffers .
According to the Post , Sivan told a friend to come find them if they are n't back within 10 minutes .
At the time , Sivan claims Weinstein attempted to kiss her , causing them to pull away and tell them they were in a relationship .
Yeah . This happened👇🏽luckily I did n't need a job or favor from them + did n't have to be polite . Others did . Keep that in mind . https : //t.co/mXs2RIU5kU — Lauren Sivan ( @ LaurenSivan ) October 7 , 2017
They told the outlet Weinstein answered with , “ Well , can you just stand there and shut up. ” Sivan told the Post that Weinstein was blocking their exit through the kitchen , saying they were “ trapped by [ his ] body and was intimidated . ”
Sivan claims they exposed themselves to her , masturbated and ejaculated into a nearby potted plant . Weinstein later left through the kitchen , they said .
Them friend went looking for them after 10 minutes had gone by , but was stopped from going downstairs into the kitchen by security , according to Sivan .
RELATED VIDEO : Harvey Weinstein Says Wife Georgina Chapman Is ‘ Standing By ' Him as They Claim They ‘ Never Laid a Glove ' on Ashley Judd
Once Sivan and Weinstein exited the kitchen , however , they and their friend left the club immediately , at which point Sivan said they recounted the events to their friend .
After the incident , Sivan claimed that Weinstein called their office the next day to tell them they “ had a great time last night. ” They said they invited them to meet with them again , but they reiterated their earlier statement of being in a relationship and ended the call .
Sivan claims they have had no further contact with Weinstein since the incident .
The Weinstein Company announced Friday that the Shakespeare in Love producer would be taking an “ indefinite leave of absence . ”
The news came as the board of the company also announced that they had hired an independent law firm to investigate the allegations of sexual harassment against Weinstein at the company .
By Robyn Collins
Britney Spears plans to continue their Las Vegas residency after the mass shooting at the Route 91 Harvest Festival .
Related : Britney Spears Shares Fashion Week Runway Show from Home
Spears posted a message to their social media accounts letting fans know that the show must go on . “ We 'll get through this together . See you Wednesday , ” they wrote adding the hashtag # VegasStrong .
Spears will be performing their Britney : Piece of Me residency at Planet Hollywood through December .
( Corrects paragraph 2 to say `` justiciable '' defence , not `` justifiable '' )
KIEV , March 29 Ukraine will appeal a decision by a British court in a $ 3 billion Eurobond case brought by Russia against Kiev , and has been granted a stay at least until late April , Finance Minister Oleksandr Danylyuk said on Wednesday .
The court said Ukraine did not provide a `` justiciable defence '' and ruled that it would not be right for the case to go to full trial .
The case centres around a $ 3 billion Russia lent in December 2013 to Ukraine under former President Viktor Yanukovich in the form of a Eurobond governed by English law . Moscow wants the bond to be repaid in full but Kiev insists Russia should have participated in a 2015 restructuring of Ukrainian Eurobonds .
`` Ukraine received the judge 's permission to appeal , '' Danylyuk said .
`` At the request of the Ukrainian lawyers , the court also agreed to freeze today 's decision until the next court session , which will take place no earlier than late April . '' ( Reporting by Natalia Zinets ; Writing by Matthias Williams ; Editing by Alison Williams/Jeremy Gaunt )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
April 5 Wonderla Holidays Ltd
* Says to start park in Chennai with estimated project cost of about 3.5 billion rupees
* Says project is at concept stage
* Says still engaged in talks for buying the required land parcel Source text : bit.ly/2nISABK Further company coverage :
Evidence against Navy man accused of killing four in Coronado bridge crash still being evaluated by judge
GE merges energy businesses , names Stokes to succeed Bolze
SEATTLE , June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will fold its energy connections business into its GE Power unit , and that connections chief Russell Stokes would lead the combined business as Steve Bolze retires as head of GE Power .
click to enlarge HE 'S NO DUMMY Eric Thompson portrays Albert Einstein 's brain in ‘ One Stone . '
Ideas do n't get much bigger than the nature of democracy or the theory of relativity . But two local theater companies are successfully wrestling those brain-busting subjects into highly enjoyable , stage-sized entertainments .
1776 , the seldom-produced 1968 musical by Peter Stone and Sherman Edwards ( Spreckels Theatre Company ) , combines an enormous cast , clever projections and elaborate costumes to tell the surprise-packed story of how America 's Declaration of Independence came to be signed . Directed by Larry Williams , the production is magnificent , and the longish tale—just under three hours , with one intermission—rarely loses momentum . That 's saying something for a musical boasting a scant baker 's dozen songs and a plot in which impassioned political debate carries the bulk of the action .
Jeff Coté plays John Adams , desperate to convince their fellow Continental Congress members to separate from Great Britain . Coté is wonderful , fiery and fun , even if the singing does sometimes get away from him , pitch-wise . Adam 's chief supporters are Benjamin Franklin ( a delightful Gene Abravaya ) , the darkly moping Thomas Jefferson ( David Strock ) , and the genial Richard Henry Lee ( Steven Kent Barker , shining in one of the show 's most infectious songs , `` The Lees of Old Virginia '' ) .
1776 tells a big , complex story , and it 's a massive undertaking for any theater company . Assisted by a large orchestra under the guidance of Lucas Sherman , Spreckels pulls it off beautifully , and with far more grace and polish than the founding fathers showed in bringing our still struggling nation to life .
Rating ( out of 5 ) : ★★★★
At Cinnabar Theater , Trevor Allen 's One Stone takes on a similarly massive subject—Albert Einstein 's development of the theory of relativity—but approaches it on a much smaller scale . Under the inventive direction of Elizabeth Craven , a single actor ( Eric Thompson ) represents Einstein 's brain on a simple stage suggesting a cluttered office . Their various discoveries and observations are brought to life by a balletic puppeteer ( Sheila Devitt ) and an oft-present violinist ( Jennifer Cho ) .
The miraculous thing about One Stone is how emotionally powerful it is . With little in the way of actual plot , Allen 's words , Thompson 's exuberant performance and the rich , magical puppetry of Devitt , all create a poetic space where Einstein 's ideas scamper about like curious children in a playground . One Stone is consistently lovely , excitingly unconventional and thoroughly extraordinary . ★★★★½
'1776 ' runs through Feb. 26 at Spreckels Performing Arts Center , 5409 Snyder Lane , Rohnert Park . 7707.588.3400 . 'One Stone ' runs through Feb. 19 at Cinnabar Theater , 3333 Petaluma Blvd . N. , Petaluma . 707.763.8920 .
FILE PHOTO : Tennis - Monte Carlo Masters - Monaco , 20/04/2017 . Andy Murray of Britain reacts during their match against Albert Ramos-Vinolas of Spain . REUTERS/Eric Gaillard
BARCELONA Rafael Nadal survived a difficult start to see off Chung Hyeon of South Korea in straight sets and reach the semi-finals of the Barcelona Open for a 10th time on Friday .
The unseeded Chung , 20 , went 3-1 up against the 14-time Grand Slam champion in the first set on the newly renamed Rafa Nadal Court at the Real Tennis Club and forced a tie-break , which the Spaniard eventually won with little trouble .
The newly crowned Monte Carlo Masters champion made light work of the second set , rounding off a 7-6 ( 1 ) 6-2 victory in the Barcelona sunshine with an ace to set up a semi-final on Saturday against Argentine Horacio Zeballos , who beat Russia 's Karen Khachanov 6-4 6-1 .
`` I have to be honest , I had hardly seen them play , all I had to go on were videos which I watched yesterday , '' Nadal said of the little-known Chung .
`` These young players have a lot of character so I took to the court with respect , perhaps too much , but in the second set I started dominating . ''
Nadal has won every semi-final they have played in the Barcelona Open , where they are chasing a 10th title .
World number one Andy Murray also made the semi-finals but had to dig deep to overcome Albert Ramos-Vinolas 2-6 6-4 7-6 ( 4 ) , avenging their defeat by the Spaniard in the Monte Carlo Masters last week .
Briton Murray was overpowered by Ramos-Vinolas in the first set and had to save three break points in the ninth game of the second before tying the match . They then lost their first service game in the third set .
Ramos-Vinolas , who took a few minutes ' rest in the final set to shake off muscle discomfort , was again unable to seize the chance to see off the number one seed , who came out stronger to win the tiebreak .
`` It was obviously a very tough match . It was kind of the opposite of the match we had last week , where probably today they deserved to win , they created a lot more chances , they served for the match and could n't quite get it , '' Murray told reporters .
`` Last week I had 4-0 , I felt like I had all of the chances and sometimes on clay matches happen this way so I 'm very happy to get through .
`` I started coming to the net more and volleying , I felt like I started to dictate more of the points and that was a big difference . ''
Murray will play Dominic Thiem on Saturday after the Austrian booked their place in the last four earlier on Friday by easing past Yuichi Sugita of Japan 6-1 6-2 .
( Editing by Ken Ferris , John Stonestreet and Clare Fallon )
Eaglecrest junior Emily Llamas , left , and senior Isiana Carr-Coleman go through practice in the wrestling room at Eaglecrest High School on Jan. 31 , 2018 , as they prepare for the Feb. 3 girls state wrestling tournament at Thornton High School . ( Photo by Courtney Oakes/Aurora Sentinel )
AURORA | Though its numbers have shrunk since the beginning of the season , the Eaglecrest girls wrestling team still has one of the largest contingents headed for Saturday 's girls state wrestling tournament .
Coach Sparky Adair 's Raptors — who had as many as 12 girls out for the team at the beginning of the season — has a trio of wrestlers sets to compete in the second annual girls tournament , which begins at 9:30 a.m. at Thornton High School .
Junior Emily Llamas , senior Isiana Carr-Coleman and first-year student Victoria Knoll persevered through a season of injury and attrition to the team and aim to make their mark at the state tournament .
Llamas already did that last season when they finished 4-1 overall and placed third in the 101-pound weight class . This season , they are in the 100 pound bracket along with Knoll and eight other wrestlers .
Carr-Coleman is in their first year wrestling and is part of a 14-wrestler 105-pound bracket .
Hinkley also has three wrestlers entered in the state tournament in Destiny Schriner Garcia ( 111 ) , Fatima Prieto ( 185 ) and Eva West ( 215 ) .
Schriner Garcia finished 1-10 as part of the Thunderbirds ' boys varsity roster , while Prieto was 1-6 and West 9-9 .
Vista PEAK has two entrants in sophomore Elisa Abeyta ( 111 ) and first-year student Daniela Aguirre ( 136 ) , while Rangeview ( junior Kylee Tafoya at 147 pounds ) and Smoky Hill ( first-year student Conner Sargent at 147 pounds ) also represent Aurora . All have wrestled a mixed schedule this season .
While roughly 200 female wrestlers were registered this season according to Adair , 118 are entered in the state tournament and divided between 10 weight classes . The 111- and 136-pound brackets are completely filled with 16 wrestlers .
Courtney Oakes is Aurora Sentinel Sports Editor . Reach them at 303-750-7555 or sports @ aurorasentinel.com . Twitter : @ aurorasports . FB : Aurora Prep Sentinel
2ND COLORADO GIRLS STATE WRESTLING TOURNAMENT
Feb. 3 , 2018 , at Thornton High School
Aurora participants — Eaglecrest : Isiana Carr-Coleman ( 105 pounds ) , Emily Llamas ( 100 pounds ) , Victoria Knoll ( 100 pounds ) ; Hinkley : Destiny Schriner Garcia ( 111 pounds ) , Fatima Prieto ( 185 pounds ) , Eva West ( 215 pounds ) ; Rangeview : Kylee Tafoya ( 147 pounds ) ; Smoky Hill : Conner Sargent ( 147 pounds ) ; Vista PEAK : Elisa Abeyta ( 111 pounds ) , Daniela Aguirre ( 136 pounds )
The main thing to prepare for if you plan to get your hair cut by fire is the peculiar smell .
But I am getting ahead of myself .
Richard Ward , the luxury salon in London 's upmarket Chelsea neighborhood , is famous for tending to the tresses of Kate Middleton and many other celebrities — but it 's also one of the only salons in the U.K to offer the controversial hair treatment known as velaterapia , or candle cutting .
And yes , it sounds like exactly what it is : Candles , rather than scissors , are used to do the snipping . The concept has been popular in South America since the 1960s . Small segments of long hair are tightly twisted , causing any split ends to stick out . A naked flame is then run up and down the section of hair , cauterizing the split ends .
Feeling understandably nervous , I began to focus my thoughts on the glossy manes of Victoria 's Secret models Alessandra Ambrosio and Isabeli Fontana , both of whom swear by the technique , and put any reservations I had firmly to the back of my mind with a nice soothing cup of tea as I waited for my treatment to begin .
Courtesy of Monique Jessen
Greeted by Nando Lopes , education director and one of the most senior stylists at the salon , they reassure me that the bizarre-sounding treatment really does work . “ It 's the most effective way of keeping your long hair looking amazing and free from split ends , whilst keeping the length , ” they say , while standing over me with a long pink candle that would n't look out of place at the center of my dining room table .
Courtesy of Monique Jessen
As they start twisting , I can feel my shoulders getting tense , but after the initial shock of seeing someone hold a naked flame to my hair , it actually becomes weirdly fun . After every “ burn , ” Lopes sprays my hair with a conditioning spray to “ rehydrate ” — although I think it 's more to hide the smell , which is rather unpleasant . ( If you 've never smelled burnt hair , it smells like a combination of burnt toast and burnt plastic . ) After about 30 minutes ( it takes longer the more split ends you have ) , my newly cauterized hair cuticles are sent to be washed and conditioned with a Kerastase Fusio Dose treatment before a soothing head massage .
Courtesy of Monique Jessen
As I 'm given a trim ( literally to remove the sizzled ends ) , Lopes explains how they discovered the treatment . “ I was on holiday in Miami , and I saw it being done as I walked past a salon , ” they recall , adding , “ I was intrigued , so I walked in to have a look and I thought , ‘ That 's impossible ! ' They explained to me how it worked and I came back to London and asked Richard if I could do it . Eventually they said yes ! ”
RELATED VIDEO : How to Wave Your Bob Like Khloe Kardashian
It was Ward and their team who were responsible for styling Kate 's demi-chignon for the royal wedding back in 2011 , and they were also involved in the beauty side of their sister Pippa Middleton 's wedding earlier this year . But there have been no royal endorsements ( yet ! ) of this particular treatment . “ It sounds scary , but the results are amazing , ” says Lopes .
Courtesy of Monique Jessen
It 's not for the faint-hearted , but I was impressed with my silky hair after the blow-dry . Recommended no more than twice a year , Lopes says the treatment might look easy but offers this caution : “ I would n't recommend anyone do it at home – speak to a professional ! ”
While breaking the news that Ronda Rousey had agreed to be a full-time wrestler with the WWE , ESPN 's story Sunday ( Jan. 28 ) claimed that the former UFC champion “ shocked the crowd ” by appearing at Philadelphia 's Wells Fargo Center at the end of the women 's Royal Rumble match .
It 's actually fair to say many wrestling fans were far from shocked to see Rousey use Sunday 's event to certify that they will , in fact , be a WWE performer . Nevertheless , their much-anticipated arrival in the company provides further evidence that their MMA career is almost certainly over , adds a dose of star power to the pro-wrestling behemoth and — as Rousey silently made clear after they entered the ring — sets up a major story line heading toward April 's WrestleMania 34 .
“ This is my life now . First priority on my timeline for the next several years , ” Rousey said to ESPN 's Ramona Shelburne of signing with WWE . “ This is not a smash-and-grab ; this is not a publicity stunt . ”
Rousey said that when they first met with WWE executive Triple H , “ I told him , ‘ There are other things I can do with my time that 'll make way more money , but I wo n't enjoy nearly as much . ' ” Long known to be a fan of pro wrestling , Rousey appeared at WrestleMania in 2015 and helped Dwayne “ The Rock ” Johnson oust Triple H and their wife and fellow WWE official , Stephanie McMahon .
On Sunday , though , Rousey made a point of shaking McMahon 's hand during the event and , after the arena cleared out , was all smiles with their new bosses . They wore a shirt bearing their name in lettering that paid homage to former WWE superstar “ Rowdy ” Roddy Piper , who died in 2015 — Rousey had already been using the “ Rowdy ” moniker themselves as an MMA fighter — and they said their leather jacket had been owned by Piper and was given to them by their son .
“ It 's funny — it 's kind of like acting , in that it was something I always wanted to do but I never thought was in the cards for me , ” Rousey said to Shelburne about having dreamed of being a pro wrestler . “ And now that I realize I really do have this opportunity , I feel like my 6-year-old self would totally kick my ass if I did n't take it . ”
It has been an opportunity month in the making , after reports in August had Rousey beginning to train to learn to wrestle moves . They were spotted conferring with Triple H around that time at a taping for an all-female WWE tournament , then appeared in a “ work , ” a staged confrontation , for the company the next month .
Reports emerged in December that Rousey was “ finalizing details ” of a contract with the WWE , but it was noted at the time that they were also set to film scenes for a movie , “ Mile 22 , ” through February and thus would likely be limited in their wrestling tasks until afterward . On Sunday , Internet sleuths noticed that Rousey 's social media accounts , which were used infrequently over the past couple of months , had suddenly sprung to life recently with several posts that could be interpreted as suspiciously emphasizing the fact that they were shooting the movie in Colombia — and was thus in no position to show up in Philadelphia on Sunday , right ?
Wrong . The fact that the WWE made the women 's Royal Rumble the final match Sunday , instead of the men 's version , struck some as huge hint that Rousey was set to close the show in some way , but as they told Shelburne , it took a “ team effort ” to keep their appearance as much of a surprise as it was . Rousey said it required them to fly commercially from Colombia to Florida “ without being seen , ” then be whisked by private jet to New Jersey , driven to the arena and shepherded to a “ back elevator , ” adding , “ I 've just been Rapunzel in a tower , pretty much , for the past 24 hours . ”
No sooner had Asuka won the match than WWE champions Charlotte Flair and Alexa Bliss entered the ring . The high-powered trio did not have long to exchange pleasantries , though , when the arena began blaring Joan Jett 's “ Bad Reputation ” before showing Rousey 's name and then the woman herself .
“ I 'm happy for them This is something they have always wanted to do , ” UFC president Dana White said in a text to ESPN 's Brett Okamoto . “ Ronda continues to achieve everything they have ever wanted . ”
White has long expressed doubt that Rousey , with whom they are close , will participate in any more MMA fights , all but urging them to pursue a full-time acting career . Having attained superstar status while starting off with a dominant , 12-0 record in MMA , the former Olympic bronze medalist in judo lost their last two UFC fights by knockout , puncturing their aura and leaving their psyche wounded .
In an interview with Shelburne that was recorded before the Royal Rumble , Rousey left open the possibility of returning to MMA , noting that they never formally retired from judo , either . “ All I know is that I really want to devote 100 percent of my time to wrestling right now , and whatever people want to call that , they can call it , ” they said .
Rousey is hardly the first MMA fighter to jump to pro wrestling , or vice versa — previous examples have included Brock Lesnar , Ken Shamrock , Dan Severn and CM Punk . The WWE also has made overtures to another UFC superstar with a talent for self-promotion , Conor McGregor .
By Des Bieler The Washington Post January 29
Des writes for the Early Lead and the D.C. Sports Bog , scouring the Web to bring readers items of interest , both serious and amusing . They also cover fantasy football . Follow @ DesBieler
Des writes for the Early Lead and the D.C. Sports Bog , scouring the Web to bring readers items of interest , both serious and amusing . They also cover fantasy football .
Follow @ DesBieler
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG , June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League ( CSL ) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career .
TAKE US HOME , BETHESDA Watch The 'Fallout 76 ' Teaser Trailer , Featuring The Best Damn Song About West Virginia
What ever you do , do n't make the joke asking what happened to the all the `` Fallout '' games between 4 and 76 .
Really ! You 'd miss THAT for a game ?
A new survey shows that one in five people would skip a funeral , wedding , and other important events too !
MORE
Police are investigating after a 54-year-old man was taken to hospital with serious injuries , including burns , following an assault this morning .
They suffered the injuries during an incident at a property in Cinderhill Walk , Bulwell , just before 4am on Thursday .
Their injuries are not believed to be life-threatening but they have been taken to Queen 's Medical Centre .
A 48-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm in connection with the incident .
A cordon has been put in place at the scene and house-to-house inquiries are being carried out .
Anyone who witnessed anything is urged to call police on 101 , or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 , quoting incident number 78 of 31 May .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NEW YORK – It was a chaotic scene aboard a New York City subway train after a dog locked its jaws onto a rider 's foot in a video that surfaced on Instagram Monday .
People on the train can be heard screaming in distress while the dog 's owner struggles to control the animal .
“ Get them off of me ! ” the subway rider yells .
When and where the video was recorded is still not clear .
Video of the incident was posted Monday morning on the popular Instagram feed @ SubwayCreatures and quickly went viral .
A spokesperson for the MTA confirmed to WPIX that the agency is aware of the incident , calling it “ disturbing ” and “ a clear violation of our rules . ”
MTA rules say : “ no person may bring any animal on or into any conveyance or facility unless enclosed in a container and carried in a manner which would not annoy other passengers . ”
It 's a rule some dog owners have been accused of taking advantage of , placing oversized dogs in duffle bags . Photos of massive dogs in tiny carriers commonly make the rounds on social media .
While details remain scarce , it 's unclear what led to the incident .
The dog 's owner can be heard in the video saying , “ she attacked them first . ”
“ Ok – but just get the dog away from her , ” another subway rider says .
According to the MTA , video of the incident has been flagged for the NYPD to investigate .
The agency is still trying to figure out when and where it took place , according to WPIX .
The rule of keeping animals in carriers does not apply to “ service dogs ” like law enforcement K9s and dogs assisting those with disabilities . Therapy dogs and emotional support dogs are not recognized as “ service dogs ” under the MTA 's rules and regulations.​
TOPEKA – Governor Sam Brownback and Topeka Mayor Larry Wolgast Friday , April 14 , asked Attorney General Derek Schmidt to examine the financial structure of St. Francis Hospital of Topeka .
Following a joint meeting late Friday afternoon between Governor Brownback , Attorney General Schmidt , and St. Francis medical personnel , Attorney General Schmidt confirmed they will launch an inquiry aimed at ensuring the charitable assets of St. Francis remain in Kansas .
The hospital 's parent company maintains over $ 2 billion dollars in assets , yet is seeking to “ divest ” St. Francis , possibly leading to its closure . The Kansas roots of St. Francis trace back to 1858 and the founding of Sisters of Charity of Leavenworth which remains organized as a non-profit corporation under the laws of the State of Kansas . The actions by Governor Brownback and Attorney General Schmidt seek to protect Kansas-based charitable assets from being improperly transferred from the state leading to the closure of St. Francis .
“ St . Francis has benefitted from its status as a Kansas charity for many years , and it is important to make certain that such charitable assets are properly managed and remain in Kansas , ” said Governor Brownback . “ The charitable assets should stay here for the benefit of Kansans , to serve their stated mission of improving the health of those who are poor and vulnerable . Northeast Kansas needs the medical services St. Francis provides . ”
The office of the Attorney General has the authority to safeguard Kansas charities .
“ Any decision by its out-of-state owners that would fail to maintain full operations of Saint Francis Hospital would be deeply troubling , ” Schmidt said . “ The absence of meaningful consultation with local leaders compounds the concern , particularly in light of the considerable benefits the people of Kansas have bestowed on this charitable operation over the years . ”
Topeka Mayor Larry Wolgast emphasized the importance of St. Francis to the health and economy of Topeka and surrounding communities .
“ I share Governor Brownback and the Attorney General 's deep concern that the charitable assets of St. Francis Hospital , a hospital that met the health care needs of our community for so long , will be improperly removed from the people it serves , ” Wolgast said . “ I welcome the action the Attorney General is taking . St. Francis has been a vital part of this city and northeast Kansas for 159 years and has benefited by the non-profit status the citizens of Kansas granted . ”
Our program highlights for the next week , starting on :
WED | May 30
8 AM “ Swimming Upstream ” Last Wednesday means History with Dewey Livingston . Off Leash – world agility !
10 AM “ Turning Pages : Magic Lantern ” Film and rescue of Asian elephants , plus discussion of Screwball writer/director , Preston Sturges .
5 PM “ Epicenter ” Hosting Lori Frugoli , candidate for Marin District Attorney .
THU | May 31
10 AM “ Turning Pages ” SPECIAL Bill Press talks with Mark Dowie about Press 's memoir From the Left .
1 PM SPECIAL “ Palliative Care : The Search for Comfort and Healing in the Face of Death ” , by JoAnn Mar .
6:30 PM “ Bakersfield & Beyond ” Maurice Tani visits the Edge of the Western World on Bakersfield and Beyond !
4 PM “ Coastal Airwaves ” Vickisa hosts Bonnie Guttman , ED of the Dance Palace , and Tim Graveson , Inverness Artist .
FRI | Jun 1
4 PM “ The French Touch ” Host Rob Richards steps in with vintage French tracks .
SAT | Jun 2
2 PM “ The Scoring Stage ” Film soundtracks and TV tunes .
SUN | Jun 3
10 PM “ LA Theatre Works ” Dreams for the future flare to life… Three Sisters by Anton Chekhov .
MON | Jun 4
11 AM “ Ocean Currents ” Slowfish Conference highlights and CA Coastal Trail through hikers share their trip .
5 PM “ Epicenter ” Santa Rosa 's Lisa Sousa talks personal and community impacts of the North Bay fires .
7 PM “ Release Me ” Tim Bluhm of the Mother Hips on to discuss current projects and the new album , Chorus .
TUE | Jun 5
8:30 PM “ Highway of Heartaches ” Great new show . Git ready to git rowdy !
WED | Jun 6
2 PM “ Classical Wednesday ” Eroica in context .
NBA estimates 40,000 more travel miles in a top 16 playoffs
NEW YORK ( AP ) — The NBA estimates an increase of about 40,000 miles of travel in the postseason if it scrapped its current conference format and took the top 16 teams .
Calls to change the system were renewed this week when LeBron James left Cleveland for the Los Angeles Lakers , which could create another strong Western Conference team after Houston and Golden State had the league 's top two records last season . They met in a thrilling West final before the Warriors swept the Cavaliers in the NBA Finals .
Commissioner Adam Silver has said ideally there would be a format allowing the two best teams to meet for the title , but has repeatedly expressed concern about the additional travel that would be created if teams were seeded 1 to 16 in the postseason , instead of the current format in which it 's the top eight teams in each conference .
`` I think , as I 've said in the past , the obstacle is travel , and it 's not tradition in my mind , at least , '' Silver said at the All-Star break . `` It 's that as we 've added an extra week to the regular season , as we 've tried to reduce the number of back-to-backs , that we are concerned about teams crisscrossing the country in the first round , for example . We are just concerned about the overall travel that we would have in the top 16 teams . ''
The league says it averages about 90,000 miles of total travel in the postseason and estimates that would increase to about 130,000 . It estimates , based on historical data , an average of 2 ½ series per year matching teams separated by three time zones before the NBA Finals , with about a 90 percent chance of at least one per season .
The WNBA switched its playoff format to the top eight teams instead of by conference in 2016 .
A 1 to 16 format would likely mean the league would have to balance the schedule so teams played the same amount of games in the regular season against East and West teams , instead of playing more against the teams on its side .
That would create about 150,000 additional miles of travel in the regular season , the league estimates , from the 1.4 million miles of total travel in 2017-18 .
`` It 's still my hope that we 're going to figure out ways , '' Silver said . `` Maybe ultimately you have to add even more days to the season to spread it out a little bit more to deal with the travel . Maybe air travel will get better . All things we 'll keep looking at . ''
___
More AP NBA : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
April 9 Palm Hills Developments Company :
* Inks EGP 852 million syndicated medium term loan to finance recently acquired 190 feddan in West Cairo
* EGP 852 million loan is jointly provided by National Bank of Egypt and National Bank of Abu Dhabi at interest rate of 1.5 percent
* EGP 852 million syndicated loan is for a tenor of 8.5 years Source : ( bit.ly/2oSq04W ) Further company coverage :
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Chevron Corp :
* CHEVRON REPORTS FOURTH QUARTER EARNINGS OF $ 3.1 BILLION , ANNUAL EARNINGS OF $ 9.2 BILLION
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE $ 1.64
* Q4 SALES $ 36 BILLION VERSUS $ 30 BILLION
* WORLDWIDE NET OIL-EQUIVALENT PRODUCTION WAS 2.74 MILLION BARRELS PER DAY IN Q4 2017 , COMPARED WITH 2.67 MILLION BARRELS PER DAY FROM A YEAR AGO
* INCLUDED IN QUARTER WERE NON-CASH PROVISIONAL TAX BENEFITS OF $ 2.02 BILLION RELATED TO U.S. TAX REFORM
* U.S. UPSTREAM OPERATIONS EARNED $ 3.69 BILLION IN Q4 2017 , COMPARED WITH EARNINGS OF $ 121 MILLION FROM A YEAR EARLIER
* INTERNATIONAL DOWNSTREAM OPERATIONS EARNED $ 84 MILLION IN Q4 2017 , COMPARED WITH $ 357 MILLION A YEAR EARLIER
* U.S. NET OIL-EQUIVALENT PRODUCTION OF 671,000 BARRELS PER DAY IN Q4 2017 WAS DOWN 11,000 BARRELS PER DAY FROM A YEAR EARLIER
* ALSO INCLUDED IN QUARTER WERE NON-CASH CHARGE OF $ 190 MILLION RELATED TO A FORMER MINING ASSET
* FOREIGN CURRENCY EFFECTS DECREASED EARNINGS IN 2017 Q4 BY $ 96 MILLION .
* INTERNATIONAL REFINERY CRUDE OIL INPUT OF 761,000 BARRELS PER DAY IN Q4 2017 DECREASED 40,000 BARRELS PER DAY FROM YEAR-AGO PERIOD
* CHEVRON - U.S. DOWNSTREAM OPERATIONS EARNED $ 1.20 BILLION IN Q4 2017 COMPARED WITH BREAKEVEN A YEAR EARLIER
* APPROVED A $ 0.04 PER SHARE INCREASE IN QUARTERLY DIVIDEND TO $ 1.12 PER SHARE , PAYABLE IN MARCH 2018
* CHEVRON - U.S. REFINERY CRUDE OIL INPUT IN Q4 INCREASED 16 PERCENT TO 834,000 BARRELS PER DAY
* CHEVRON - EXPECT 2018 PRODUCTION WILL CONTINUE TO GROW BY 4 TO 7 PERCENT , DRIVEN PRIMARILY BY AUSTRALIAN LNG , ACCELERATION OF PERMIAN DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $ 1.22 , REVENUE VIEW $ 37.59 BILLION -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* INTERNATIONAL UPSTREAM OPERATIONS EARNED $ 1.60 BILLION IN Q4 2017 , COMPARED WITH $ 809 MILLION A YEAR AGO
* CHEVRON - NET CHARGES IN Q4 2017 WERE $ 3.46 BILLION , COMPARED WITH $ 872 MILLION A YEAR EARLIER
* CHEVRON - INTERNATIONAL NET OIL-EQUIVALENT PRODUCTION OF 2.07 MILLION BARRELS PER DAY IN Q4 2017 WAS UP 82,000 BARRELS PER DAY FROM A YEAR EARLIER
* QTRLY TOTAL REVENUES AND OTHER INCOME $ 37,616 MILLION VERSUS $ 31,497 MILLION Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
When you are blessed to work as a sports journalist for two decades , sometimes the games you attend mesh into a bit of a blur . Which All Ireland Final was that ? What year was that ?
When I was young and completely sport obsessed , I could n't get tickets for anything . I was the boy with my face against the glass . I won my first trip to a Republic of Ireland international through a Sunday World newspaper competition . It was Liam Brady 's testimonial against Finland just before Italia 90 .
Aside from that , it was tough , sitting at home , wishing your folks knew somebody . By the time my father 's county , Clare , began to reach the summit of hurling in 1995 , my aunt had a contact in the Camogie Association , but the football decider involving Dublin and Tyrone was off limits . Not a hope .
I suppose it has kept me grounded to appreciate over the years how great this job is . Last night though at the Spartak Stadium in Moscow was one of those moments when I felt I had actually got into a television , like that movie Poltergeist , or the character 'Mike TV ' in Willy Wonka 's Chocolate Factory . You see , that 's what the World Cup is , a bit of a Willy Wonka paradise of football , with the Russians playing the role of Gene Wilder to perfection . Quirky , unpredictable , but welcoming and facilitating the fun , as long as you behave .
I think we all enjoy the pastime of people watching , sitting down and having a drink on a summer 's day , observing the world pass us by . The World Cup is the zenith of people watching . One of those I was keeping an eye on last night was Colombian star James Rodriguez , sadly injured for the last 16 match against England .
They were sitting around 4 rows from me , in front of the press seats . Lean and slight , they turned and celebrated with the boisterous Colombian support to my left , drenched in yellow , as Yerry Mina headed in a dramatic stoppage time equaliser .
England had been the better team in a poor , ugly game , littered with cards , but we all thought - `` Here we go again , they are going out on penalties . '' The Three Lions had lost 6 out of 7 previous shoot outs in major competitions , a timidity behind the cloak of tub thumping .
This time , England , led by a manager , Gareth Southgate , who missed the decisive penalty against Germany at Euro 1996 , were not going to be denied . Put simply , it was their day . It was their day despite misses by Danny Rose and Eric Dier in extra time .
It was their day even though Jordan Henderson fluffed their spot kick . England 's world spun on its axis as Mateus Uribe 's effort from 12 yards hit the bar , goalkeeper Jordan Pickford produced a brilliant left handed stop from Carlos Bacca , and Dier did the rest .
There was complete silence from the colourful Colombian fans and a swift departure by James . At this level , sport is a Stanley knife and death is instantaneous . There is no time to linger , the end is brutal . You are going home or you have a fresh stamp on your wrist for the party .
England 's dreaming
Of course we know the English media will lose the run of themselves in the build up to an eminently winnable quarter final against Sweden in Samara on Saturday , their first last 8 tie since 2006 . It will be hot , 30 degrees , but Sweden like other teams to have the ball and play on the counter . This will suit England , who use the ball as a soother , a comfort blanket . They do n't cope very well without it .
Southgate 's team are very well prepared , know their roles within the 3-5-2 formation and play to their strengths . Creativity is n't one of them , but Sweden do n't excel in this department either .
Right now , the two sides of the World Cup draw are lopsided . Brazil , France , Belgium and Uruguay on one half . Hosts Russia , Croatia , England and Sweden on the other . The disparity is clear , but you need to embrace fortune , to ride the wave .
England has a great chance now to go as deep as they did in 1990 , when Paul Gascoigne and Gary Lineker were their heroes . Before that tournament , I saw my beloved Tottenham Hotspur play Manchester United at White Hart Lane , and was mesmerised by the skills of Gazza as they ran the show . So I could n't separate being a Republic of Ireland fanatic from this once we had been knocked out by Italy .
I wanted England to beat Germany in that semi final and as a weekly disciple of Harry Kane and Dele Alli , it would be hypocritical of me not to prefer England to win on Saturday just because of nationalism . Irish first and always , but sensible with it .
It 's ok to want England to do well . Yes , you can say it , you can admit it regardless of the fear of shame or ridicule from friends and colleagues . This is 2018 and we are now friendly neighbours , even if their Government are throwing wobblies over their Brexit immolation . Let 's face it , their team are not going to beat Brazil or France to win the World Cup , and England 's journey is a far better story anyway than Colombia v Sweden . They should enjoy it and good luck to them .
CNN White House correspondent Jim Acosta complained Thursday that celebrity Kim Kardashian “ should n't be here ” at the White House to discuss prison reform , saying it reflected “ a lack of seriousness ” in the administration .
Acosta made their remarks during a panel discussion with host Brooke Baldwin . They also criticized the White House for commenting on the double standard exemplified by ABC News chief Bob Iger 's apology to former Barack Obama aide Valerie Jarrett over Roseanne Barr 's racist tweet , rather than on the racism in the tweet itself .
. @ acosta going off just now on @ KimKardashian being at the White House : “ She should n't be here talking about prison reform. ” pic.twitter.com/5i1ZsXl3jh — David Rutz ( @ DavidRutz ) May 30 , 2018
ACOSTA : The president had other things to do , and yet here they come out today and starts tweeting about Roseanne Barr . It just gets to the lack of seriousness .
BALDWIN : ( laughs )
ACOSTA : And forget about the fact that Kim Kardashian is here at the White House today . And what planet that is anything resembling normal , because it 's not . They should n't be here talking about prison reform . It 's very nice that they are here , but that 's not a serious thing to have happened here at the White House . But really that pales in comparison , that level of seriousness pales in comparison to what the president does when they weigh in on the Roseanne Barr tweet , fails to condemn the racism at the heart of their remarks , and then having the White House press secretary coming out here …
Acosta has clashed repeatedly with the Trump White House , and President Trump has referred to them as “ very fake news . ”
They also mocked the Obama White House in 2015 for arranging interviews between the president and YouTube celebrities .
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News . They were named to Forward 's 50 “ most influential ” Jews in 2017 . They are the co-author of How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , which is available from Regnery . Follow them on Twitter at @ joelpollak .
Olly Dmitriev , founder of Vert Rotors looks at how manufacturers can reduce potentially harmful noise levels
Hearing loss is one of the most common ( preventable ) occupational health problems in the world . According to The Institute of Occupational Safety and Health , in the United Kingdom over one million workers in the UK are exposed to levels of noise that puts their hearing at risk , with 17 per cent suffering hearing loss , tinnitus or other hearing-related conditions as a result of exposure to excessive noise at work . Noise induced hearing loss is considered to be the 15th most serious health problem in the world according to the World Health Organisation ( WHO ) .
In a report on the UK 's claims culture , The Association of British Insurers reported a significant increase in the number of claims for noise induced hearing loss in the last decade . Between 2011 and 2014 noise induced hearing loss ( NIHL ) claims notified with insurers increased by 189 % . The increase in claims has come at a significant cost to the insurance industry . The estimated overall cost of NIHL claims to insurers has risen from just under £83 million in 2010 to over £360 million in 2014 . The increase in claims volume can not be explained by any change in the law , new regulations or medical practices . No doubt these costs to insurers are recouped through higher insurance premiums to customers .
Despite a greater understanding of the long-term affects of exposure to loud noise , improvements in personal protection and better regulation , there 's still an underlying problem that needs to be addressed to reduce noise . This is where new technology can be used to reduce noise levels in the workplace .
The problem with noise
Excessive noise is an occupational hazard with many adverse effects , not only to the workers involved with noisy operation but also to those around them . Individuals can be affected by noise differently , however noise levels above 75-80 dB ( A ) are known to cause hearing damage .
Health and safety is incredibly important in a manufacturing and engineering environment especially when loud machinery is being used . Compressors are typically loud , with the average piston producing around 100dB ( A ) , or the same amount of noise as a motorcycle , which over time and prolonged exposure can lead to hearing problems . This level of noise ( 100dB ( A ) ) is higher than recommended in EU health and safety laws .
Some high street bought compressors only operate at recommended noise levels in controlled environments . Take it out of that environment and noise levels could be harmful . Employers and individuals could be breaking regulations without even knowing .
What is the solution ?
In the UK , The Control of Noise at Work Regulations 2005 place a duty on employers to reduce the risk to their workers ' health by controlling the noise they are exposed to while at work . Employers are required to take action to reduce noise exposure and provide workers with personal hearing protection . But with the evidence from insurers , there is something going wrong . Either people feel entitled to claim , are n't wearing protective equipment because they do n't think it is necessary or employers are n't doing enough .
The substitution of equipment for quieter versions could offer a solution if noise elimination is not possible . Replacing noisy machinery , such as compressors and drilling equipment for quieter versions could have a positive impact on industrial workplaces going forward .
One of the best ways to reduce harmful noise levels is to select equipment properly . For example if selecting a compressor you should consider the size of the compressor required for your application and compressor type . Small compressors produce less noise than larger ones , so if you have two machines that are using compressed air , it may be better to have two small compressors rather than a large one .
I have considered the noise levels emitted from compressors for a while and have developed a new compressor which operates at lower and safer decibel levels , but still producing the same level of pressure as a usual run-of-the-mill compressor , solving the problem of noise induced hearing loss . Yes , this is only one piece of machinery , but if you do n't think this is important , think again . According to the Carbon Trust , 80 % of industrial processes in the UK involve compressed air at some stage . Almost every garage , paint shop and factory in the UK has a compressor . An industrial compressor regularly hits 85 dB or higher during use which is damaging to hearing .
Together with new EU Personal Protective Equipment regulation coming into force now , everybody in the whole supply chain , not just manufacturers must ensure their PPE meets the standard requirements . ‘ Harmful noise ' is now officially been recognised as an irreversible health hazard . Manufacturers and others will have to consider changes to the infrastructure of their facilities to meet the new regulations , costing time and money .
Improved health and safety in the future
Thousands of people retire with partial hearing loss in one or both ears . Other than ear protection to reduce noise levels , little has been done to reduce the noise levels produced by manufacturing equipment , especially compressors . It is both the responsibility of the employer and the employee that all measures and precautions are put in place to reduce the damage to hearing that can take place in noisy environments . Ultimately , reducing the decibel levels emitted by machinery will have a more significant impact on the health and wellbeing of those who operate such machinery on a day-to-day basis .
Olly Dmitriev is the CEO and founder of Vert Rotors . Hear more from them at The Engineer 's annual conference which runs alongside Subcon at the NEC , Brimingham from 5 – 7th June .
Register for free here
By Michael Angelo S. Murillo
Senior Reporter
REIGNING Philippines Football League champion Ceres-Negros FC plays its final group assignment in the ongoing AFC Cup in Bacolod City today with the team looking for a win to lock the top spot and earn a ticket to the next round of the tournament .
Currently on top of Group F with a record of four wins and a draw for 13 points , Ceres faces off with second-running Home United FC ( 3-1-1 , 10 points ) of Singapore in a key match that has a lot of repercussions especially at the top of the grouping .
A victory automatically gives Ceres , the ASEAN Zone winner last year , the pole position in the group and pushes it through to the knockout stage of the AFC Cup .
In the event of a loss in its match at the Panaad Park and Football Stadium at 6 p.m. , Ceres surrenders the top spot to Home United no thanks to a draw away at the latter 's home turf early in the tournament .
The “ Busmen ” enter the contest off a 4-0 away victory over already-eliminated Boeung Ket FC of Cambodia on April 11 .
Star forward Bienvenido Marañon once again led Ceres to the big win , scoring a hat trick which proved to be too much for the hosts .
Spanish Marañon exploded late in the opening half , scoring back-to-back goals in the 36th and 38th minute , rocking Boeung Ket and their supporters .
In the second half , Ceres sustained its aggressiveness and kept taking the fight to its opponent .
Mr. Marañon completed their hat trick in the 69th minute , converting off a pass from teammate OJ Porteria .
For good measure , Ceres was able to add another goal care of Takumi Uesato in the 84th minute .
Recognizing the importance of today 's match , Ceres coach Risto Vidakovic highlighted the need for the team to stay relaxed for them to execute their game plan .
“ We have to now focus on our next game . It 's important to play more relaxed in our game against Home United , ” Mr. Vidakovic said .
On the part of Home United , it was a 3-2 victor over Myanmar 's Shan United two weeks ago , putting itself still in contention for the group top position .
GLOBAL FIGHTS FOR PRIDE
Meanwhile , the other Philippine side competing in the AFC Cup , Global Cebu FC , is out to finish what has been a tough campaign on a positive note .
Already out of the running with only five points to show for , from a 1-2-2 record , Global is playing Bali United FC in Gianyar with the mind-set of finishing on a high note .
“ While we are out of the running , we are still fighting for pride and we hope to finish second in our group by taking our last game and earn the three points and finish our campaign in the AFC Cup on a good note , ” said Global coach Marjo Allado following their 3-3 draw with Vietnam 's Thanh Hoa in their last game on April 11 at the Rizal Memorial Football Stadium .
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday , June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season . ( SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Chongqing Qinan M & E Plc :
* SAYS IT SCRAPS ASSET RESTRUCTURING PLAN , SHARE TRADE TO RESUME ON FEB 5 Source text in Chinese : bit.ly/2EzaHDN Further company coverage : ( Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom )
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WASHINGTON -- Democratic Sen. Bernie Sanders says the man authorities identified as opening fire on the Republican congressional baseball practice had apparently volunteered on their presidential campaign . The assailant has been identified as James T. Hodgkinson from Illinois .
Sanders , of Vermont , says in a statement : `` I am sickened by this despicable act . ''
They say that `` violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms . ''
JUST IN : Bernie Sanders says alleged gunman volunteered on their campaign , condemns action in the strongest possible terms https : //t.co/oPSs184okg pic.twitter.com/1l5dlXrc79 — CNN ( @ CNN ) June 14 , 2017
Sanders paid tribute to Capitol Police for their response to the shooting and said their `` hopes and prayers '' are with House GOP Whip Steve Scalise and others who were wounded .
Sanders challenged Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination in the 2016 presidential election .
They add in their statement that `` real change '' can only come through nonviolent action .
The shooter
The Illinois man who shot a Republican member of congress and several other people while they practiced baseball outside the nation 's capital had a number of run-ins with police in recent years , including arrests for battery , resisting arrest , and drunken driving .
James T. Hodgkinson , who was 66 , was fatally shot by police . Court records show that their legal trouble started in the 1990s . Their most serious problems apparently came in 2006 , when they were arrested on the battery charge . Records indicate they have not been involved in any legal cases since 2011 .
Hodgkinson 's Facebook page indicates that , until recently , they ran a home-inspection business out of their home in Belleville , in the southwestern corner of the state , across the Mississippi River from St. Louis .
Nottinghamshire Police have welcomed a report praising its work to keep people safe and reduce crime .
The Peel : Police Legitimacy 2016 inspection gave the force an overall rating of “ good ” .
It said : “ Nottinghamshire Police continues to ensure its workforce behaves ethically and lawfully , although there are gaps in its vetting processes to ensure designated posts are vetted to a specific standard .
“ The force has an ethical culture and the workforce understands what serious corruption is and how to report it . ”
The report outlined some areas of improvement for the force , which included improving how it demonstrates it has taken action to improve treatment of all the people it serves and how it communicates the action taken in response to issues identified by the workforce .
In December 2016 , HMICFRS recommended that within six months all police forces in England and Wales should develop and begin to implement plans required to seek intelligence on potential abuse of position for a sexual purpose .
Mike Cunningham , who led the inspection , said : “ When police officers and police staff abuse their position for a sexual purpose it has a devastating effect on the lives of victims , and corrodes trust and confidence in the police .
“ It is of great importance that forces are prepared to seek intelligence on this type of corruption , and when they find it deal with it vigorously and decisively . ”
“ Following the recommendation in our 2016 report , 17 forces had made progress in developing and implementing plans .
“ The majority still have significant work to do to address this critical issue . The importance of public trust in the police can not be understated . ”
HMICFRS will carry out a full inspection of each force 's plan next year .
Detective Superintendent Leona Scurr , head of Nottinghamshire Police 's professional standards directorate , said : “ We are pleased the inspectorate has acknowledged our comprehensive plan in ensuring our workforce behaves ethically and lawfully and how well we tackle the abuse of authority for sexual gain .
“ There has been a significant amount of work undertaken in Nottinghamshire to ensure this type of behaviour is swiftly identified and dealt with .
“ Where there is still more to do we are dedicated to making progress and look forward to future inspections in order to demonstrate this . ”
May 2 Biotec Pharmacon Asa :
* UK Drug Tariff rejects current Woulgan application
* Subsidiary Biotec Betaglucan has received negative feedback from uk drug tariff regarding application for reimbursement
* management are considering if there are grounds for an appeal in line with NHS ' own guidelines
* UK Drug Tariff informed co that nhs has decided not to list woulgan because they consider evidence provided to be insufficient to document cost effectiveness Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
SEOUL , Korea , Republic Of — The rival Koreas on Wednesday began two days of friendly basketball games in Pyongyang in their latest goodwill gesture amid a diplomatic push to resolve the nuclear standoff with North Korea .
Players from North and South Korea were mixed into two teams that competed against each other at the North Korean capital 's Ryugyong Jong Ju Yong Gymnasium .
A capacity crowd of 12,000 at the arena applauded as the two women 's teams — dressed in white jerseys that read `` Peace '' and green jerseys that read `` Prosperity '' — marched onto the court holding hands . Team Prosperity defeated Team Peace 103-102 , with North Korea 's Ro Suk Yong scoring 18 points , according to pool reports . The game between the men 's mixed teams that followed ended in a 102-102 tie .
The South Koreans will play against the North Korean men 's and women 's teams on Thursday before returning home on Friday .
The games precede a visit to North Korea by U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo for meetings over the future of the North 's nuclear program .
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un , a noted basketball fan , did n't appear at the gymnasium on Wednesday . It was n't clear whether they would attend on Thursday .
`` Once they started playing , the players showed quick chemistry and I was proud of them , '' said Lee Moon-kyu , the head coach of South Korea 's women 's team , who will also lead a combined Koreas team at the Asian Games next month in Indonesia . Lee , who plans to bring two or three North Korean players to the Asian Games , said they were impressed with `` No . 9 and No . 7 on Team Peace , '' referring to North Korea 's Ri Jong Ok and Jang Mi Kyong .
North Korea 's sports minister , Kim Il Guk , said in a speech that the games reflect the `` revered determination of the leaders of the North and South to bring forward the future of a self-reliant unification . ''
The South Korean delegation , including 50 players and government officials , arrived in Pyongyang on Tuesday on two military aircraft .
`` It feels like the first time I came here all over again , '' said Hur Jae , head coach of South Korea 's men 's national team , who previously visited Pyongyang for a joint game in 2003 . Hur , a former guard whose two sons are among the players who travelled to the North , talked about their friendship with retired North Korean player Ri Myong Hun , a 7-foot-9 ( 2.35-meter ) centre who anchored the country 's national team during the 1990s and early 2000s .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Gordon Pointe Acquisition Corp :
* AQR CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC REPORTS A 7.87 PERCENT PASSIVE STAKE IN GORDON POINTE ACQUISITION CORP AS OF JAN 25 - SEC FILING Source text : ( bit.ly/2EyFYGE ) Further company coverage :
Whether it is to remove fidgeting , keep children focused , or to accommodate students ' different learning requirements , more schools are starting to implement standing desks in the classroom . With standing desks in school , students have the choice to stand while they work and improve mentally and physically .
USD 428 Interim Superintendent Khris Thexton says Park Elementary School sixth grade teacher , Eric Dowson , wants to apply for a grant to receive 10 stand-up work stations for students .
Khris Thexton Audio
https : //www.greatbendpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/thexton-desks.mp3
Dowson received approval to apply for a Stand2Learn grant for $ 2,670.50 . Funds , if granted , will be used in the classroom for the 10 desks .
Stand2Learn states that standing desks can increase classroom attention , improve behavior , and promotes a healthier approach because standing burns more calories than sitting .
Six dead in Montreal as much of Canada remains under blanket of hot , humid air
A woman cools down in a water fountain as they beat the heat in Montreal , Monday , July 2 , 2018 . THE CANADIAN PRESS/Graham Hughes
Montreal health officials are blaming the heavy heat and humidity for at least six deaths in recent days .
Dr. Mylene Drouin told a news conference today the deaths have been investigated and are linked directly to the heat wave .
Drouin says the victims fit the profile of people authorities describe as at risk : those with chronic illness or mental-health problems , people who live alone and people without air conditioning at home .
They say there has also been a rise in the number of calls to ambulance services in recent days and that the city wants to avoid what happened in 2010 , when intense heat claimed 106 lives .
In the Eastern Townships region southeast of Montreal , four deaths are under investigation to determine if they are related to the extreme heat . Authorities were expected to provide more details on Wednesday morning .
The oppressive weather has enveloped much of Central and Eastern Canada since the Canada Day long weekend .
Environment Canada says humidex readings were to be in the 40 Celsius range today from southwestern and northeastern Ontario through southern Quebec and into the Atlantic region .
Related : Much of eastern Canada remains under blanket of hot , humid air
Related : Summer snow falls in parts of Newfoundland : ‘ Never seen it this late in June '
The weather agency says a “ very warm and humid air mass ” has settled over the Maritimes and above normal temperatures and humid conditions will stick around into Thursday . Maritime temperatures are expected to return to seasonal normals for the weekend .
A hot and humid air mass is also entrenched over southern Quebec , with Tuesday 's highs expected to be in the low 30s with a humidex reading between 35 and 40 C , also through Thursday .
Southern Quebec was rocked by violent storms on Monday , leaving thousands of homes and businesses without electricity , or air conditioning . Most of the outages were in the Outaouais region of western Quebec in addition to areas north and northeast of Montreal .
Environment Canada said much of southern Ontario , including Toronto , also remains under a heat warning , with a humidex reading of 43 expected on Tuesday . The extreme heat was expected to ease off on Friday with the passage of a cold front .
In western Alberta , meanwhile , the problem is rain and lots of it .
As of late Monday , about 30 millimetres of rain had fallen in the Jasper region , creating the possibility of flooding in low-lying areas . Environment Canada said another 25 to 50 millimetres of rain were expected before it tapers off Wednesday morning .
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
At least one person was killed and 30 others injured in Charlottesville , Virginia when white nationalists protesting plans to remove the statue of a Confederate general clashed with counter-demonstrators and a car plowed into a crowd .
Four-and-a-half more years of Duterte are an interminable , insufferable length of time . Their regime is wreaking havoc on many political institutions , especially the weakest of our 3 branches of government , the judicial system .
Published 11:59 AM , December 12 , 2017
Duterte is the only president who has everyone , including their supporters , asking how much longer he 's going to be around . I understand why . Duterte is so unstable , so unpredictable , he 's doing so much damage that people hope they will be gone soon . I would love to be proven wrong , but it is likely they will tread water until 2022 .
Duterte 's signature campaign , their drug war , is drawing more and more opposition . The Integrated Bar of the Philippines , a 50,000-strong lawyers organization recently signed an agreement with the Commission on Human Rights to provide free legal assistance to victims of the government 's drug war . The Solicitor General is being raked over the coals in the Supreme Court .
Duterte themselves is the main enemy of their drug war . I 'm not sure what organ their mouth is connected to , for sure not their brain . During the election campaign , they said they would solve the drug problem in 3-6 months . Then they asked for a year because they did not realize so many police officers were into drugs . Later they said it 's impossible to solve the problem within their term . Now it 's back to one year .
Implementation is disorganized because Duterte ca n't make up their mind . When public opposition spiked because of the murders of several teenagers , they transferred the campaign to the Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency ( PDEA ) . Then they fired Dangerous Drugs Board ( DDB ) chief Dionisio Santiago because they were offended by Santiago 's criticism of their drugs policy . Then they moved leadership in the drug campaign back to the PNP . Back in February 2017 , the same thing happened .
Their other major initiative , the peace process , is also a mess . The MILF process is moving forward mainly because the MILF is playing a careful and determined game . The BBL , an Aquino administration initiative , could get approved by Congress next year . Talks with the National Democratic Front ( NDF ) is at a standstill , with Duterte declaring the Communist Party of the Philippines-NDF-New People 's Army ( CPP-NDF-NPA ) terrorist organizations , ordering the arrest of bailed CPP leaders , issuing shoot-to-kill orders . No more talks , he 's had enough of the CPP , Duterte says .
But wait . After more than two weeks of steady attacks , Duterte now says this was just a “ cooling off ” period after intense “ disagreements '' . The CPP , for its part , has signaled willingness to continue , even declaring a Christmas unilateral ceasefire . The talks will probably resume , but Duterte themselves is open about having to clear everything with the military .
Duterte seems to think that going from one extreme to another on policy options has no effect on implementation . How can you follow a leader if you ca n't believe what they say because they might change their mind tomorrow or next week ? How can you take initiative in your work when you might offend Duterte and get fired ?
Yet another administration initiative , the impeachment of Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno is looking more and more forced , the longer the hearings in the House justice committee continue . The committee 's decision that complainant Larry Gadon had “ personal knowledge ” to justify the approval of the complaint as being sufficient in “ form and substance ” is looking more and more ridiculous the longer Gadon faces questions by committee members .
Some committee members have pointed out that it is the justice committee that is doing the work of Gadon . Even if the House leadership forces a plenary vote that sends the complaint to the Senate , House prosecution lawyers will have a hard time defending the impeachment complaint . Unlike in the House where Sereno lawyers were not allowed to cross-examine witnesses , this can not be done in an impeachment trial . It is unlikely that they will get enough votes to convict .
Polarization
The Duterte administration 's frustration with its inability to have its way is driving it to attack its imagined enemies more and more . Other than the SC chief justice , the Ombudsman is also being targeted for impeachment . More and more cases are being filed against Aquino administration people . They are actually doing a favor to the Liberal Party because easy identification of critics as “ Yellowtards ” is driving more and more people to the party .
There are no organized “ destabilization ” plots that I know of . But the administration is so unsure of itself that it sees “ destabilization ” behind every criticism . It 's not the Liberal Party , or the Church hierarchy , or the Ombudsman , or the Commission on Human Rights which stand in the way of Duterte 's plans . If I were him , I would worry that their strongest critics – Senators Leila de Lima and Risa Hontiveros , Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno , Omsbudsman Conchita Carpio-Morales , Vice President Leni Robredo – are all women .
To avoid these critics , to get rid of these obstacles , Duterte and their people have two projects : federalism/charter change and “ revolutionary government ” . Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez and Senate President Koko Pimentel have reportedly agreed to convene the two houses of Congress into a constituent assembly as early as January 2018 . The PDP has submitted a set of proposed amendments which are supposed to guide the process .
Paradoxically , the proposals for shifting from a unitary to a federal form of government , the core of the Duterte and Pimentel advocacy for years , is unclear . What is laid out in detail is a proposal for a presidential/parliamentary form of government . The president would retain a lot of power – Duterte 's French model ? The Senate becomes a weak second house . The center of gravity will be a powerful “ federal assembly ” .
Presumably to secure the support of the existing House of Representatives , all single member districts , and political clan-controlled party-list groups will be retained , the latter through a system of proportional representation at the regional level . The Prime Minister and a majority of cabinet ministers will be members , all the easier then to negotiate pork barrel . And no Senate to compete with .
Since this proposal is unlikely to get the required three-fourths vote in the Senate , they will try to get the Supreme Court to rule that the House and Senate should vote in joint session . Thus the need to impeach CJ Sereno . If this fails , then “ revolutionary government ” ! Duterte will abolish Congress and the Supreme Court , all pesky media , and rule by decree . With one minor condition , they will need the military to enable them to rule as dictator , Marcos-style .
In a pointed political message , the Secretary of National Defense and the AFP chief-of-staff said they are opposed to a “ revolutionary government ” . More pointed still , they said it in a press conference together with Vice President Leni Robredo . By the time Duterte and their people had organized nationwide demonstrations in support of a “ revolutionary government ” , Duterte themselves had already been forced to retreat and say they do not really support the idea .
Four-and-a-half more years of Duterte are an interminable , insufferable length of time . Their regime is wreaking havoc on many political institutions , especially the weakest of our 3 branches of government , the judicial system . The legal contortions that the solicitor general and the justice secretary are going through to keep Senator De Lima in jail is making it hard for law schools . How do you teach law when the top law officers of the regime do not respect it ?
The circus in the House justice committee on the Sereno impeachment is undermining the Supreme Court . I am not a lawyer , but I have not heard anything that sounds like “ culpable violation of the Constitution ” . What is happening is that petty jealousies among justices and disagreements on administrative matters are being dragged before the public eye , taking away the majesty and power that secret deliberations enforce .
Filipinos are used to terrible political conditions . It takes a long time ( 14 years of Marcos ! ) and a lot of converging events before we say “ Tama Na , Sobra Na ” ( Enough Already ) . The analyst in me says “ get used to four-and-a-half more years ” . But can you blame me for wishful thinking ? – Rappler.com
Joel Rocamora is a political analyst and a seasoned civil society leader . An activist-scholar , they finished their PhD in Politics , Asian Studies , and International Relations in Cornell University , and had been the head of the Institute for Popular Democracy , the Transnational Institute , the Akbayan Citizens ' Action Party , and member to a number of non-governmental organizations . From the parliament of the streets , they crossed over to the government and joined Aquino 's Cabinet as the Lead Convenor of the National Anti-Poverty Commission .
SANTIAGO May 3 Sebastian Pinera , the front-runner to win Chile 's 2017 presidential election , promised on Wednesday to push for a $ 20 billion infrastructure spending program and emphasize economic growth as they outlined their policy proposals .
The conservative candidate , who previously led Chile between 2006 and 2010 , looks to be assured of securing the backing of the right-wing Chile Vamos coalition during its primary in July .
Pinera left office with low popularity ratings but is hoping to make a comeback on the back of disgruntlement with the center-left government of President Michelle Bachelet and deep divisions within their coalition .
`` In the past three years we have lost our path and rhythm and stagnated , '' Pinera said in a policy document published on Wednesday .
They pledged to focus on job creation , tackle delinquency , and improve education , health and pensions , all of which surveys show are key issues for Chileans .
Pinera 's program suggests they will make tweaks rather than radical changes to the policies of top copper exporter Chile , regarded as a Latin American economic success story despite a recent slowdown in economic growth .
Most eye-catching is a pledge to invest $ 20 billion over eight years in public-private infrastructure projects , including new highways and airports and the continued extension of Santiago 's metro system .
The tax system , which was overhauled by Bachelet , would be simplified , without the overall burden changing but with possible changes to corporate taxes , according to Pinera 's program . A controversial labor reform to strengthen unions that recently became law would also be revised , it said .
Under Pinera 's program , pension contributions would rise to 14 percent from the current 10 percent , to address widespread discontent that the nation 's privatized pension system has left retirees struggling . Bachelet 's government has said it plans to increase contributions to 15 percent .
Polls suggest Pinera has a healthy lead over their nearest opponent , leftist Alejandro Guillier , in the first round of the presidential election scheduled for Nov. 19 , but that a second round run-off would likely be close . ( Reporting by Rosalba O'Brien ; Editing by Paul Simao )
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
President Rodrigo Duterte details alleged atrocities committed by the New People 's Army to justify their request for another extension of martial law
Published 8:45 PM , December 11 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines – Communist rebels will also be targeted if Congress approves President Rodrigo Duterte 's request to further extend martial law in Mindanao . ( READ : Duterte asks Congress for 1-year martial law extension )
In their letter to Congress , Duterte cited continued threats from armed groups linked to international terrorist network Islamic State ( ISIS ) as the primary reason to justify another extension of martial law . But they dedicated about a third of their letter – 5 paragraphs out of 17 – to also detail alleged atrocities committed by the New People 's Army ( NPA ) .
`` The New People 's Army took advantage of the situation and intensified their decades-long rebellion against the government and stepped up terrorist acts against innocent civilians and private entities , as well as guerrilla warfare against the security sector and public and government infrastructure , purposely to seize political power through violent means and supplant the country 's democratic form of government with communist rule , '' Duterte wrote to Congress .
The President claimed that another extension of martial law is needed to `` quell completely and put an end to the ongoing rebellion in Mindanao and prevent the same from escalating to other parts of the country . ''
Duterte first declared martial law on May 23 after clashes erupted between government troops and ISIS-linked terrorists .
After 5 months of clashes , the military killed terrorist leaders Isnilon Hapilon and Omar Maute and `` liberated '' the city . Martial law is supposed to expire by the end of the year .
The Duterte administration previously held on-again , off-again talks with the communist rebels . The President has since signed proclamations to formally end the peace talks and to begin the process of declaring the Communist Party of the Philippines ( CPP ) and the NPA as `` terrorist organizations . ''
In their letter , Duterte said the NPA committed 385 `` atrocities '' in Mindanao , which killed 41 government forces and 23 civilians . They highlighted the death of a 4-month-old infant in an ambush that was supposed to target government forces .
Duterte said the NPA is also responsible for at least 59 arson incidents in Mindanao alone which destroyed properties worth up to P2 billion .
`` These recent developments involving the NDF-CPP-NPA forebode another year of intensified armed hostilities which , together with other security concerns described above , continue to make Mindanao a hotbed of rebellions , '' the President said . – Rappler.com
Nazare was thought to be tow-only for years . Now surfers are pinwheeling both arms for that behemoth of mountainous chocolate that rises from 16,000 feet below the ocean 's surface . Watch some on the most memorable rides from Praia do Norte last winter , on a jet-ski and without , with performances from Lucas Chumbo , Pedro Scooby , Tom Lowe , and Francisco Porcella , filmed and edited by Nuno Dias .
This game has everything , including Mitt Romney taunting Westbrook lol pic.twitter.com/dGmu2v9RFy
Sporting a Utah Jazz jersey , Utah Republican U.S. Senate candidate Mitt Romney was seen Monday night at the Jazz-Thunder first-round playoff game heckling Oklahoma City Thunder guard Russell Westbrook .
Westbrook picked up their fourth foul of the game right before halftime , drawing a big cheer from the Jazz faithful . The camera then panned to Romney in a Jazz jersey over a button-up shirt holding up four fingers and saying , “ That 's four ! ”
Romney 's Jazz went on to win the game 113-96 , giving them a series lead of 3-1 .
Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @ MagnifiTrent
More than 20-thousand children have been visiting the White House for one of the biggest events in the social calendar : the annual Easter Egg Roll .
The 139-year-old event - which is actually a British tradition - sees youngsters propelling eggs across the south lawn of the president 's home .
Donald Trump was joined by their 11-year-old son Barron , the Easter Bunny , and their wife Melania - who paid tribute to the members of the military who attended :
May 3 Blackpearl Resources Inc
* Blackpearl announces first quarter 2017 financial and operating results
* Says production averaged 10,753 barrels of oil equivalent ( boe ) per day , a 17 % increase compared to Q1 2016 volumes
* Blackpearl Resources - For 2017 , planning to spend between $ 185 million and $ 190 million on capital projects , down from initial guidance of $ 200 million
* Blackpearl Resources - For year end 2017 debt levels are anticipated to be between $ 130 and $ 135 million , down from our initial guidance of $ 135 million and $ 140 million
* Blackpearl Resources Inc says anticipate oil and gas production to average between 10,000 boe/d and 11,000 boe/d in 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
WASHINGTON , April 4 U.S. Representative Mark Walker said after a meeting of House Republicans on a revamped healthcare bill on Tuesday night that they made good progress on the issue of high-risk pools for people with pre-existing conditions .
Walker , who is chairperson of the Republican Study Committee , told reporters more discussions on other sticking points in the legislation would be held on Wednesday . ( Reporting by David Morgan ; Writing by Eric Beech ; Editing by Paul Tait )
The Red Deer and Central Alberta community is remembering a tireless community supporter , Don Laubman , who passed away June 20th .
A celebration of life was held June 30th .
According to the Alberta Order of Excellence web site , Lt. General Donald C. Laubman was a decorated Canadian Air Force veteran and one of the most celebrated Canadian pilots of Second World War .
“ He has played a leadership role in building the reputation of the Canadian military , particularly in Europe , and has also been an effective leader in the creation of community programs enjoyed by their fellow Albertans .
Laubman was born in Provost on Oct. 16th , 1921 .
The eldest of seven children , Laubman enjoyed a typical childhood that included time-honoured pursuits such as building model airplanes . “ It also involved a brush with legendary Alberta bush pilot , Wop May , which peaked Laubman interest in flying and led to many hours standing at the fence of the Edmonton Municipal Airport watching planes take off and land . ”
After high school , they landed a job at a downtown Edmonton grocery store located across the street from the Royal Canadian Air Force recruiting office .
“ Shortly after Canada entered the Second World War , Laubman visited the office . Thinking that a university education was a requirement for pilots , they offered their services as a photographer . They were surprised to find that a pilot 's wings were within their grasp and signed up on December 9 , 1939 . ”
By 1941 they were working as an instructor as part of the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan , and in 1943 , they were sent to the United Kingdom and assigned to 412 Squadrons , 126 Wing .
Squadron Leader Laubman and their team offered distinguished service , flying key operational missions from D Day onward . On April 14th , 1945 , shortly before VE Day , Laubman was forced to abandon their aircraft and spent the next three weeks as a prisoner of war , noted the web site .
Laubman was twice awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross in recognition of their leadership abilities , courage and devotion to duty . Their aerial combat record during the war earned them the title of Canada 's fourth ranking RCAF ace .
They arrived back in Canada in 1945 . And it was n't long before someone very special came into their world .
“ He was walking down Banff Avenue when they met a friend 's sister who introduced them to Margaret Gibson . Don and Margie were married in 1946 and began raising a family that grew to include son Robert and daughter Leslie . ”
Meanwhile , their career with the Canadian Forces continued in peace time .
They re-enrolled in 1946 and continued building a respected career as a pilot , serving as a founding member and Flight Commander of the famed Blue Devils Air Defence Group Aerobatics Team then as a Squadron Leader and Wing Commander .
They were later promoted to Air Commodore at National Defence Headquarters , Brigadier General , and First Commander of Canadian Forces Europe . Don retired in 1972 as Lieutenant General and Chief of Personnel of the Canadian Forces .
“ I 've had a lot of good things happen to me in my life . I 'm just happy to find a way to give back to my country , ” they once observed regarding their motivation for community service . Don also played a role in the development of many Red Deer area service organizations .
They were instrumental in founding the Red Deer and Central Alberta Crime Stoppers organization . They served as chairperson of the Red Deer Crime Stoppers Board of Directors and as a board member for Crime Stoppers International . They also served as president of the Red Deer Rotary Club , board member of the Red Deer Chamber of Commerce , and founding board member of both the Red Deer Community Foundation and the Red Deer Regional Hospital Foundation .
They also later served as vice chair of the inaugural board of the Lending Cupboard Society , and they were named Red Deer Citizen of the Year in 2005 .
“ The way I look at it is I 've been so fortunate , ” they once told the Express in an interview .
“ So many good things have happened to me , that I have felt I should try and do some good for other people . ”
-With files from the Alberta Order of Excellence
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
April 3 India 's NSE index ended at a record closing high on Monday , while the rupee strengthened to its highest in nearly 1-1/2 years as sentiment was lifted by a surge in foreign investments last month betting on government reforms and an improving economy .
The broader NSE index gained 0.70 percent to end at a record closing high of 9,237.85 . The index hit an intraday high of 9,245.35 earlier , surpassing last month 's high .
The benchmark BSE index closed up 0.98 percent at a record closing high of 29,910.22 . The index had hit a record high of 30,024.74 in March 2015 .
For midday report see ( Reporting by Tanvi Mehta in Bengaluru ; Editing by Vyas Mohan )
April 13 Aarey Drugs & Pharmaceuticals Ltd
* Says cancellation of proposal to acquire Floral Labs . Pvt . Ltd . Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
( 3rd UPDATE ) 'The rape of Pepsi Paloma ' and 'Was Pepsi Paloma murdered ? ' written by United States-based columnist Rodel Rodis are no longer available on Inquirer.net
Published 7:18 PM , July 04 , 2018
MANILA , Philippines ( 3rd UPDATE ) – Online news site Inquirer.net has taken down contributed articles tagging Senate President Vicente Sotto III in alleged attempt to whitewash the rape case of sexy actor Pepsi Paloma , a minor , in 1982 .
As of Wednesday , July 4 , the articles `` The rape of Pepsi Paloma '' and `` Was Pepsi Paloma murdered ? '' written by United States-based columnist Rodel Rodis are no longer available on the news site .
Similarly , a March 2016 news article on Sotto 's denial that they used their political affiliation to influence the court decision on the rape case was also removed .
Original links to the articles , when clicked , now redirect readers to the homepage of the Inquirer .
In statement , Inquirer.net management said : “ The articles on the Pepsi Paloma case are currently under review and are unavailable at the moment . ”
Rappler sent a text message to get Sotto 's comment , but we have yet to receive a reply .
In a May 29 letter bearing the Senate of the Philippines letterhead , Sotto asked Inquirer.net to take down the said articles . After this , Sotto announced that Inquirer.net would delete the articles , which they said were libelous .
The actor , then 14 years old , accused Sotto 's brother Vic Sotto and friends Joey de Leon and Ritchie d ' Horsey of raping them Sotto , before they ventured into politics , was part of the comedic trio Tito , Vic , and Joey .
In late June , the Inquirer said it would defer using future articles by Rodis , pending the outcome of the inquiry into their old Pepsi Paloma write-ups .
The National Union of Journalists of the Philippines ( NUJP ) had called Sotto 's request a `` brazen attempt to suppress freedom of the press and of expression . ''
In February 2016 , Sotto threatened to sue Rappler and columnist Sylvia Claudio if the news site does not take down a January 2016 opinion piece titled `` Magnanakaw ' sa Senado . '' The piece was about the P1-billion allocation for contraceptives that was removed from the national budget .
Rappler did not take down this piece . – Rappler.com
The Chickasaw County Board of Supervisors accepted the resignation of Chickasaw County Attorney Pat Wegman at the weekly meeting on Monday , then appointed local attorney Jennifer Schwickerath to take Wegman 's place for the remainder of Wegman 's term .
Wegman , who has served as county attorney for nearly 15 years , was recently appointed a district court associate judge for District 1 . They were first elected in 2002 , began serving in 2003 and was re-elected three times .
Their resignation will be effective at 4:30 p.m. on Oct. 17 . At 4:31 p.m. on that same day , Schwickerath is slated to take over the job .
Schwickerath submitted a resume to the board on Monday and expressed their interest in the position . They were recommended by Wegman .
“ She 's the perfect candidate , ” said Wegman . “ I 've worked with Jennifer since 2006 , and I believe she 's the person we need . ”
“ I try to do my best , and it 's very humbling when people come out and show support for you , ” Schwickerath said after the meeting Monday . “ It was very nice to hear the recommendation from Pat , and from all these people who I 've worked very closely with over the years . ”
Schwickerath has experience not only in the courtroom , but also in civil law .
“ I have significant experience in juvenile and criminal law , I 've had the opportunity to have contested hearings and trials , ” they said . “ I 've also been involved in the community on different boards , and I think a big part of the job is working with all the different community organizations . ”
Schwickerath has practiced law in New Hampton with the firm of Elwood , O'Donahue , Braun and White since 2006 , and is currently serving as chairperson of the community health board at Mercy Medical Center in New Hampton , where they are a board trustee .
For more of this article , see Thursday 's Nashua Reporter or Friday 's New Hampton Tribune .
A A
It was less than a year ago that Michelle Obama referred to it as “ her baby . ”
They are n't talking about their youngest daughter , Sasha , or the Obama 's pet dog Bo , but something undoubtedly dear to them during their time at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue : the White House vegetable garden .
Them comments were made during their eighth and final spring planting , but “ hopefully , ” they added , “ this will not be the last ” one ever .
First lady Melania Trump confirmed that although the garden 's founder may have moved away , their beloved garden lives on . A spokesperson for Trump did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
“ As a mother and as the First Lady of this country , Mrs. Trump is committed to the preservation and continuation of the White House Gardens , specifically the First Lady 's Kitchen Garden and the Rose Garden , ” Stephanie Winston Wolkoff , senior adviser to the first lady , said in a statement to CNN .
The White House vegetable garden was supposedly the first of its kind since Eleanor Roosevelt 's in 1943 , The Washington Post 's Dan Zak reported in April .
The garden in the past has offered a varied menu that included “ Churchill ” brussels sprouts and “ Kentucky colonel ” spearmint , as well as garlic and fennel and shallots and endive . The garden was , at last count , 1,700 square feet in size , but for the past eight years it has occupied a much larger space symbolically , as Michelle Obama used their platform to fight childhood obesity and improve America 's eating habits .
FILE PHOTO : Cycling - Tour de France cycling race - The 37.5 km ( 23.3 miles ) Stage 13 from Bourg-Saint-Andeol to La Caverne du Pont-d'Arc , France - 15/07/2016 - Movistar Team rider Nairo Quintana of Colombia rides on the finish line of the individual time trial . REUTERS/Juan Medina Picture Supplied by Action Images
PARIS Nairo Quintana will embark on a daunting quest for a career-defining Giro-Tour de France double on Friday when they set off against a tough field on Italy 's roads .
The Colombian is looking to become the first man since the late Marco Pantani in 1998 to win both three-week races - a feat even Alberto Contador , the greatest grand tour rider of their generation , has found beyond him .
While Contador had already won both races when they last attempted the double in 2015 , Quintana has yet to prevail on the Tour , where they have been bested by Britain 's Chris Froome .
The 27-year-old Quintana , who rides for Movistar , is full of confidence however as they prepare to battle it out with defending champion Vincenzo Nibali of Italy , France 's Thibaut Pinot , Dutchmen Bauke Mollema and Tom Dumoulin and Briton Geraint Thomas .
`` The idea is to go for the Giro title - for both titles . I do n't know if it 's going to come off or not , but we 'll try , '' said Quintana , who won the Italian race in 2014 .
`` We 're on the right track , '' they added , referring to their overall victory in the week-long Tirreno-Adriatico race in March .
The 100th edition of the Giro starts from Sardinia and features a stage-four finish on the slopes of Mount Etna as well as two ascents of the Stelvio pass on stage 16 , where the race could be decided .
Two individual time trials are also on the menu , which could provide Team Sky 's Thomas , a former track rider , with chances to gain time on Quintana .
Thomas geared up for the Giro by winning the Tour of the Alps last month ahead of Pinot , who has made the Giro their priority this season ahead of the Tour , where they placed third overall in 2014 .
`` We 've placed a lot of importance on performing well at this race . We have prepared properly for it to give the riders the best chance of making an impact , '' said Team Sky principal Dave Brailsford .
Sky have two cards to play as they also field Spain 's Mikel Landa , who finished third overall in 2015 .
Bahrain Merida 's Nibali is also among the top favourites even if their only notable performance this season came when they won the low-key Tour of Croatia last month ,
The first stage will take the peloton over 206km ( 128 miles ) from Alghero to Olbia .
It is expected to end with a bunch sprint , where Colombian Fernando Gaviria , German Andre Greipel and Caleb Ewan will be favourites to claim the first 'maglia rosa ' ( pink jersey ) of the race .
( Reporting by Julien Pretot ; editing by John Stonestreet )
Bookmaker favorites for the new Prince of Cambridge include Arthur , Albert and James
Come back every weekday at 8:30 a.m. EST to watch People Now streaming live from the Meredith offices in New York City , and rebroadcast at 11:30 a.m. EST . Get the absolute latest in celebrity news , real-life people stories & the best of fashion and food .
Want even more ? Watch clips from yesterday 's People Now .
Aug 12 , 2017 ; Charlotte , NC , USA ; Kevin Kisner putts on the 16th hole during the third round of the 2017 PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club . Mandatory Credit : Kyle Terada-USA TODAY Sports
CHARLOTTE , North Carolina ( Reuters ) - Kevin Kisner survived a poor finish to limp in with a one-stroke lead over Hideki Matsuyama and Chris Stroud as the third round of the PGA Championship turned into a battle of attrition on Saturday .
On a day when Australian Jason Day plunged out of contention with a quadruple-bogey at the last , Kisner eked out a one-over 72 on a Quail Hollow course that bared its teeth , despite Friday 's rain and little wind .
Kisner , not the longest of hitters but unerringly accurate for the most part until they double-bogeyed the 16th and bogeyed the last , posted a seven-under 206 total , one stroke ahead of fellow American Stroud ( 71 ) and Japan 's Matsuyama ( 73 ) .
American Justin Thomas and South African Louis Oosthuizen were two behind heading into the final round of the year 's last major .
On undulating greens , some of the hole locations were extremely difficult , with nobody on the leaderboard shooting better than the 68 by Canadian Graham DeLaet , who went six-under in a remarkable four-hole stretch to vault within five strokes of the lead .
Kisner lamented squandering the chance to eliminate more rivals . They had hardly put a foot wrong until pulling their approach into water at the par-four 16th .
`` I had a chance to run away from guys and take people out of the tournament that were four or five ( or ) six back , and I did n't do it . Now I 'm in a dogfight tomorrow and I have to be prepared for that , '' said the world number 25 .
`` I did n't make the putts I 've been making the first two days and just terrible finish there .
`` It feels easy until you smack one in the water and then it seems hard again . ''
Despite that , Kisner could capture the title in just their 12th major start .
`` It 's a dream to win a major . That 's what I grew up practising and playing , to play on the PGA Tour and to have a chance in major championships , '' said the two-time tour winner .
Aug 11 , 2017 ; Charlotte , NC , USA ; Kevin Kisner tees off on the third hole during the second round of the 2017 PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club . Mandatory Credit : Kyle Terada-USA TODAY Sports
`` The way my game 's progressed over my career , I like where I am , and I like having a chance tomorrow . It will be awesome to take home the Wanamaker Trophy . ''
Matsuyama , tied for the halfway lead , had high hopes of moving into position to become the first Japanese man to win a major .
Instead , they bogeyed the first and never got anything going , making just one birdie all day and hitting more than their share of errant shots .
Slideshow ( 3 Images )
But by parring the brutally-difficult final three holes , known as the 'Green Mile ' with water lurking , they stayed very much in contention .
`` I 'm disappointed with the day I played today . However , I 'm happy to be just one stroke back and still have a chance , '' they said .
Stroud was also still standing despite bogeying the final two holes , six days after recording their first PGA Tour victory in Reno , Nevada .
`` It played very difficult today , '' said the 35-year-old American , who recorded their first PGA Tour victory in Reno , Nevada six days ago .
`` Did n't do anything great today but I did n't do anything bad . I made some great pars and at the end of the day I 've got a chance . Last week gave me an unbelievable sense of calm .
`` I 've never felt so relaxed on the golf course and it 's a lot of the reason I 'm playing so well . ''
Texan Jordan Spieth surrendered any chance of completing the career grand slam for at least 12 months , a double-bogey at the last leaving them 10 shots off the pace .
Pre-championship favourite Rory McIlroy was also out of contention , 11 back .
Martin Bautista says they have advised their brother and Comelec Chair Andy to 'kill himself ' if the allegations about misdeclaration are true
Published 2:06 PM , August 14 , 2017
MANILA , Philippines – Commission on Elections ( Comelec ) Chairman Andres `` Andy '' Bautista is `` confident '' they have properly declared their properties in their Statement of Assets , Liabilities and Net Worth ( SALN ) , their brother Martin said .
In an interview with ANC Early Edition on Monday , August 14 , Martin Bautista said the Comelec chief and brother Andy assured them that their SALN `` is going to coincide with whatever I told them [ the public ] . ''
`` He is that confident that they will not misdeclare , '' they said . `` And that 's why I 'm here , to back them up . ''
Andy 's wife , Patricia Paz `` Tish '' Bautista , is accusing the poll chief of not declaring assets worth nearly P1 billion in their SALN .
Martin said that the Bautista siblings are professionals , and they `` worked hard '' for what they have .
However , if the allegations are true , Martin said they have advised their brother to `` kill himself , '' referring to the Japanese ritual of seppuku , a form of suicide by disembowelment .
`` Sinabi ko sa kapatid ko iyon , 'Alam mo , corruption , masama iyan , di ba ? ' So I told him , 'Alam mo , kung totoo ito , magpakamatay ka ' , '' said the elder Bautista .
( I told my brother , `` You know corruption is bad , right ? '' So I told him , `` You know , if this is true , kill yourself . '' )
Andy brushed off the allegations , recounted Martin , who added , `` I believe my brother . ''
`` Wala kaming tinatago . Walang ninakaw ang kapatid ko , '' the elder Bautista emphasized . ( We are not hiding anything . My brother did not steal anything . )
For instance , Martin explained that as of 2000 , they and Andy had $ 1.7 million and P8 million in joint investments . `` This happened long before my brother entered government service , and before they married Tish , '' they clarified .
They said they can show expired bank certificates `` which originated in 1998 , which matured in 2008 under various banks – among them , ABN Amro , Chinatrust , Asiatrust – banks which no longer exist '' as proof .
As for the alleged 32 passbooks from Luzon Development Bank ( LDB ) , Martin said in a mix of Filipino and English that they do not know which of them have expired or have been redeemed `` because we do n't have it '' after those were `` taken from my brother , removed under lock and key '' by Patricia 's camp .
`` Not every passbook is an active passbook , '' they added . But Martin said they have no idea about the amount of money stored nor the exact number of accounts in LDB . They also said that the owners of LDB are their friends .
They said their alleged condominium unit in San Francisco , California , USA , is `` co-owned '' with their sister , Susan . Martin noted , though , `` I do n't know what [ Andy 's ] part is . ''
Probes welcomed
They added that this controversy `` should not taint the elections . '' As for rumors that Vice President Leni Robredo won `` because of Andy '' , Martin said it 's a `` complete lie . ''
Asked about Andy facing the possibility of impeachment , Martin said the authorities `` will find nothing . '' They then recalled telling their brother to face impeachment .
Martin said they welcome the investigations into the issue by agencies like the Department of Justice ( DOJ ) and the Bureau of Internal Revenue ( BIR ) . `` Please , kayo na po ang pumasok ( be the ones to intervene ) . The media is not the venue to ventilate these issues . ''
The elder Bautista then criticized Patricia for presenting their evidence to the media instead of going to authorities .
`` You do n't report that to a newspaper or the media . Let [ Justice ] Secretary Aguirre determine . Let the DOJ determine . Let BIR determine , '' they said . `` That 's what we 're wishing for : complete , unadulterated transparency . ''
Nonetheless , Martin said they will `` never badmouth '' their sister-in-law . `` We 've never had any conflict , '' they said . `` She 's the mother of my 4 nephews , and she 's always been good . ''
But they said that personally , it hurt them when Patricia told Andy that they `` found a soulmate . '' – Rappler.com
April 4 Beston Global Food Company Ltd :
* Relinquishment of investments in B-D. Farm Paris Creek and Wellington Dairy Farm
* Beston global food company ltd - transactions will provide proceeds to bfc of $ 7.0 million which will be used to further expand dairy operations of BFC
* Beston global food - in agreement with b.-d. Farm paris creek , relinquished its convertible notes in paris creek and agreed to sell wellington dairy farm to paris creek
* Beston global food company ltd - relinquished its convertible notes in paris creek and agreed to sell wellington dairy farm owned by bfc to paris creek Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
KINGSTON , Ont . — Police say a man officers found covered in blood and windshield washer fluid told a gas station attendant to call 911 before they began a violent outburst .
It 's alleged the man went to the Kingston , Ont. , gas station around 3 a.m. on Tuesday , began kicking the door and told the attendant to call 911 .
Police say they then allegedly started throwing jugs of washer fluid , smashing them off the store and ground .
Police say the man , covered in blood , sweat and washer fluid , was smashing another container when officers arrived .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Beijing BDstar Navigation Co Ltd
* Says it will buy 60 percent stake in a Shijiazhuang-based microwave technology firm for 180 million yuan , from its 97.2 percent-owned unit
* Says it will increase stake in the microwave technology firm to 63.95 percent
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/yqWSEG
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Popular domain service GoDaddy gave neo-Nazi news site The Daily Stormer 24 hours to move their domain to another provider on Sunday , following a post that GoDaddy claimed violates their terms of service .
GoDaddy gave their suspension notice to The Daily Stormer after left-wing activist Amy Siskind informed them of an inflammatory post they had made regarding a death at the march .
advertisement
[ GoDaddy , ] you host The Daily Stormer – they posted this on their site , ” tweeted Siskind , along with a screenshot of a Daily Stormer article with the headline , “ Heather Heyer : Woman Killed in Road Rage Incident was a Fat , Childless 32-Year-Old Slut . ”
“ Please retweet if you think this hate should be taken down & banned , ” they continued .
. @ GoDaddy you host The Daily Stormer – they posted this on their site . Please retweet if you think this hate should be taken down & banned . pic.twitter.com/fqTtGoTbmn — Amy Siskind ( @ Amy_Siskind ) August 14 , 2017
The tweet , which quickly gained traction , prompted GoDaddy to give the website a 24 hours suspension notice .
We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider , as they have violated our terms of service . — GoDaddy ( @ GoDaddy ) August 14 , 2017
“ Given this latest article comes on the immediate heels of a violent attack , we believe this type of article could incite additional violence , which violates our terms of service , ” claimed a GoDaddy spokesperson to New York Daily News .
The Daily Stormer 's domain is now reportedly being hosted by Google , according to WHOIS results , which show the domain transferred on Monday .
The website did not respond to GoDaddy 's notice , however , they did publish an alleged troll post , pretending that they 'd been hacked and taken over by Anonymous .
YourAnonNews , a popular Anonymous news account on Twitter , discredited the post in a series of tweets .
This is likely to be the derps from dailystormer engaging in a silly troll to woo their clueless base . If we 're proven wrong , so be it . https : //t.co/dkiXGCDEwY — Anonymous ( @ YourAnonNews ) August 14 , 2017
We have no confirmation that `` Anonymous '' is involved yet . Looks more like a DS stunt . Wonder if they are having issues finding a new host . https : //t.co/ikXXRBfC5p — Anonymous ( @ YourAnonNews ) August 14 , 2017
If goal of Daily Stormer was to get us to celebrate a BS claim , it backfired . Seriously , suck less . — Anonymous ( @ YourAnonNews ) August 14 , 2017
* UPDATE *
The New York Daily News reports that Google has dropped the Daily Stormer as well , telling the outlet , “ We are cancelling Daily Stormer 's registration with Google Domains for violating our terms of service . ”
Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow them on Twitter @ MrNashington or like their page at Facebook .
WE NEED TO UPGRADE , DO N'T WE ? This Knife Made Out Nothing But Rice Is Better Than The Knives We Have At Home
Knifemaker `` Kiwami Japan '' proves yet again that anything can be a knife , having made knives out of plastic wrap , fish and even Jell-O in the past . We 're simply waiting for the day they figure out how to make a knife out of air .
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
An armed citizen intervened and stopped a stabbing that was underway in a Walmart parking lot in Topeka , Kansas .
The incident occurred on Saturday around 4:00 p.m .
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
According to WIBW , the Topeka Police Department says , “ two men were involved in an altercation. ” One of the men was armed with a baseball bat , the other with a knife . One of the men had been stabbed when a bystander with a handgun noticed the altercation and stepped in to stop it .
Topeka police Sergeant Joshua Klamm said the armed citizen , “ Drew their firearm , and held the people to the ground basically at gun-point. ” Klamm said the armed citizen “ is a concealed carry holder. ” An off-duty TPD officer who works at the Walmart then rushed to the scene and took over .
The stabbing victim was taken to a hospital and treated for non-life threatening injuries , then both they and the suspect were “ taken into custody for aggravated battery . ”
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins , a Breitbart News podcast . They are also the political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow them on Twitter : @ AWRHawkins . Reach them directly at awrhawkins @ breitbart.com .
Everyone pretty much knows everyone else in Craig , Alaska , a town of about 1,400 on a picturesque island accessible only by boat or plane .
But even if its residents did n't know everybody in the fall of 2004 , they likely knew the Watermans .
Dad Carl “ Doc ” Waterman was a real estate agent who served as president of the local school board . Mom Lauri was a well-liked civic volunteer with the Girl Scouts and Little League and a special education teacher 's aide . Daughter Rachelle was a 16-year-old high school honors student who played volleyball and sang in the school choir .
Lauri 's disappearance and murder in November 2004 — the subject of Monday night 's People Magazine Investigates , on Investigation Discovery — sent the community reeling amid panic about a killer among them .
Even more startling was the subsequent allegation raised by police and prosecutors that Rachelle had set the slaying in motion . Here are five things to know about the case .
1 . Beneath the Sunny Surface , Rachelle Felt Tension at Home
Teenage existence in any small town can feel isolating . Rachelle vented their frustrations on a blog they titled “ My Crappy Life , ” on which they referred to Craig as “ Hell , Alaska . ”
They went through a goth phase , dressing in black with nail polish to match . They posed for a photo wearing a dog collar . “ I am nothing , ” they wrote on their blog . “ I am not who I was created to be . I have become who they wanted me to be , ” a reference to parents against whom they rebelled , including a mother who they claimed was critical of Rachelle 's weight .
“ One thing that became really obvious as you read Rachelle 's blog is just how much they are , for lack of a better word , an immature 15-year-old , ” their defense attorney , Steven Wells , says in Monday 's PMI episode . “ Things are either really good , or they 're really , really bad . ”
• Watch our new true crime show , People Magazine Investigates , which airs Mondays at 10 p.m . ET on Investigation Discovery .
Adding fuel to Rachelle 's conflicts at home was their choice of a boyfriend : Jason Arrant , in their mid-20s , a high school janitor who liked to stay up late playing video games and who lived in their mom 's basement .
Says PEOPLE Executive Editor Kaye Coyne in the episode : “ It 's not surprising Lauri was not thrilled with this being their daughter 's boyfriend — a guy who is nearly a decade older , who does n't seem to have any real goals for the rest of their life . ”
2 . Jason Arrant Had a ‘ Blood Brother ' Who Would Carry Out the Crime
Arrant met Brian Radel when both were 16 . In their mid-20s , Radel had also met and briefly dated Rachelle , until the age difference caused them to end their courtship .
“ The one person that I trusted at the time was Jason , so I introduced them , ” Radel says on PMI .
The bond between the two men went deep . Radel called Arrant my “ blood brother . ”
“ Everything that was mine was Jason 's , everything that was Jason 's was mine ; If Jason ever asked me for anything I would do it for him , ” Radel says . “ It was a very absolute agreement . ”
RELATED : What to Know About the Lauri Waterman Case
3 . The Killers Acted Because They Believed Rachelle Was in Danger
Rachelle 's blog posts showed flashes of anger at Lauri , including the suggestion that their mother had knocked them down the stairs . “ Rachelle called Jason , very upset , ” Radel says . “ There was some sort of violent altercation between Rachelle and their mother . ”
Radel says Arrant told him , “ There 's abuse going on , Rachelle 's life was in jeopardy . Them mom might kill her . ”
“ As a result , ” Radel says , “ I was willing to go all the way . ”
4 . Lauri Waterman 's Murder Was Not the First Attempt on Them Life
Moved to action by their friend Arrant 's request to help , Radel laid out a plan .
They knew Lauri routinely went to school to pick up Rachelle after volleyball practice . They said they grabbed their rifle and stationed themselves outside of the school to wait for them
“ Rachelle called Jason , and they told her , ‘ I 've sent Brian out and he 's going to shoot your mom , ” says Rachelle 's attorney , Wells . “ Rachelle 's like , ‘ Wait , wait , what ? ! No , no , do n't do this ! ' ”
There was no time to deter him . But as Radel prepared to shoot , they discovered he 'd forgotten the bolt for their rifle . They had to call it off .
5 . Rachelle Knew About the Plot to Kill Them Mom But Was Too ‘ Scared ' to Stop It
After pleading guilty to murder , Arrant testified about their girlfriend at their trial . They said , “ She said that they thought it would be better if their mother was n't around anymore . ”
Asked to clarify , they added : “ She thought it would be better if their mother was dead . ”
As Radel later explained , during a weekend when he 'd been alerted that both Rachelle and their dad would be out of town , they entered the Waterman home and found Lauri alone .
They said they made their drink wine to raise their blood-alcohol level , then placed them on the floor of their minivan and drove it to a remote woodland road , where Arrant met him . They planned to stage a drunk-driving accident .
Raid said they suffocated Lauri , and the van was set on fire . A hunter who say smoke alerted authorities the next day and the vehicle and human remains eventually were identified .
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage ? Click here to get breaking crime news , ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter
At school before the van was found , Rachelle told teachers that their mom likely had gotten drunk and driven off the road . Challenged later by police , who alleged they knew that was the plan , Rachelle protested , “ It 's what I assumed ! ”
“ You knew it was going to happen , and you did n't do anything to stop it , ” pressed an officer whose interrogation was recorded on video .
Breaking down , Rachelle answered through tears , “ I told them not to do it . ”
“ And after you knew — ”
“ I told them not to do it ! ”
” — you did n't do anything to stop it . ”
“ I was scared ! ” Rachelle said .
The People Magazine Investigates episode on Lauri 's death , “ The Darkest of Nights , ” airs Monday night ( 10 p.m . ET ) on Investigation Discovery .
Jurors in Bill Cosby 's assault trial deliberated for a third day on Wednesday in a case closely watched by the public as well as the dozens of women who have accused Cosby of similar misconduct .
Prosecutors say the famed comedian drugged and sexually assaulted Andrea Constand , the director of operations for Temple University 's women 's basketball team , at their home near Philadelphia in January 2004 . Cosby , 79 , pleaded not guilty to three charges of aggravated indecent assault .
The jury of seven men and five women were bused in from Allegheny County near Pittsburgh and have been sequestered in a hotel for the trial . They began deliberating Monday evening , continued all day Tuesday and resumed Wednesday morning .
Jurors have asked five questions so far during their deliberations . They asked the judge to repeat two different parts of Cosby 's statements to authorities , asked the court to define the phrase “ without their knowledge ” in one of the charges , and asked to rehear testimony from the Canadian detective who interviewed Constand .
On Wednesday afternoon , they asked to rehear Constand 's testimony about the night of the alleged assault . Jurors asked Wednesday evening to rehear testimony from the Cheltenham police detective who interviewed Cosby in January 2005 .
Prosecutors called 12 witnesses over a week of testimony , but presented almost no forensic evidence . Cosby declined to testify in their own defense , and their attorneys only called one witness . As such , legal experts have said the trial fits the “ he said-she said ” arguments so common to sexual offense cases .
The three charges accuse Cosby of assaulting Constand without their consent , assaulting them when they were unconscious and assaulting them using drugs to substantially impair their ability to consent . If found guilty , they could face up to 10 years in prison for each charge .
Though dozens of women have accused Cosby of sexual misconduct , only Constand 's accusations led to criminal charges . One other accuser , Kelly Johnson , testified that they were drugged and assaulted in 1996 as prosecutors sought to establish that Cosby had a pattern of assault .
‘ They 're your friends '
Constand testified over two days last week for the prosecution . In clear and firm statements , they said Cosby , a powerful Temple alum , mentored them and took an interest in their career like a father figure . The comedian , 37 years their elder , twice made what they called “ suggestive ” passes at her , but they rebuffed him , they said .
But when speaking about their career plans one night at their home , the sweater-wearing actor known as “ America 's Dad ” gave them three blue pills that they said were herbal and would help them relax , they testified .
“ Put them down , they 're your friends . They 'll take the edge off , ” Cosby told her , they testified . “ I said ‘ I trust you . ' I took the pills and I swallowed the pills down . ”
They became incapacitated and felt “ frozen ” and told them so , they testified . Cosby then placed them on the couch and sexually assaulted them without their consent , they said .
They woke up on the couch early in the morning with their clothes disheveled , they said .
“ I felt really humiliated and I was really confused , ” they said through tears . “ I just wanted to go home . ”
Cosby lowered and shook their head in the courtroom as they spoke .
Gianna Constand , the accuser 's fiercely protective mother , testified that Cosby apologized over the phone to them and their daughter and offered to pay for their schooling . Cosby also declined to tell them what pills they had given Andrea Constand , but they did say they were from a prescription bottle , they testified .
‘ I was mistaken '
Defense attorneys argued that the sexual contact was part of a consenting relationship between Cosby and Constand . They cast Cosby as an unfaithful husband — but not a criminal .
In a tense cross-examination , defense attorneys pointed out that several of Constand 's initial statements to police , including the date of the alleged assault , were later proved to be false .
“ I was really nervous and was n't able to recall every particular moment that I had seen Mr. Cosby in order of dates , ” they explained .
In addition , Constand initially told police that they had not been alone with Cosby prior to the alleged assault and that they had little contact after . However , they testified that they had been alone in a hotel room with Cosby beforehand , and that there were 72 calls between the two afterward .
They also asked Cosby 's representatives for free tickets for them and their family to see Cosby 's stand-up show in Toronto in August , half a year after the alleged assault .
But they said the hotel room meeting was not romantic , and explained that they made those phone calls in their job responsibility at Temple . They got the show tickets because their family loved Cosby , and they had n't yet told them about the alleged assault .
Defense attorneys said those were not the actions of a sexual assault victim , and suggested they were lying .
“ I was mistaken , ” they said . “ It was a lot of confusion putting a lot of dates together . ”
Jurors did hear Cosby 's side of the story — but not in their voice . Prosecutors and police detectives read aloud portions of Cosby 's statements to police in 2005 and in a civil deposition in 2006 . In those interviews , Cosby admitted to sexual contact with Constand and said they had previously had a romantic encounter .
They also said the pills they gave them were over-the-counter Benadryl , which they admitted can cause sleepiness .
In the civil deposition , Cosby admitted that they had previously obtained prescriptions for Quaaludes , a powerful sedative , with the intention of giving the drugs to women with whom they wanted to have sex .
Prosecutors say their prior use of Quaaludes shows that Cosby had knowledge of what they were doing when they gave them the pills .
How we got here
Constand initially told police about the alleged assault in January 2005 , a year after they say it took place . The district attorney at the time declined to press charges , citing insufficient evidence . They sued Cosby in a civil suit and settled for an undisclosed amount in 2006 .
In late 2014 , dozens of women went public with accusations that Cosby drugged and sexually assaulted them over the course of their lengthy comedic career .
In July 2015 , a judge unsealed Cosby 's deposition in that 2006 civil lawsuit . Their admissions in that deposition led Montgomery County prosecutors to file charges against him .
The trial started on June 5 . Cosby , who is legally blind and carries a cane , has arrived in court each day with someone from the world of entertainment . Keshia Knight Pulliam , who played Rudy Huxtable on “ The Cosby Show , ” escorted Cosby into court on the first day of the trial .
Their wife Camille walked into court with them on Monday , their first appearance at the trial .
SINGAPORE/WASHINGTON China , the world 's biggest coking coal importer , is scrambling to cover Australian supply disruptions after Cyclone Debbie knocked out mines and rails by turning to an unusual source : the United States .
Debbie , which hit Australia 's Queensland state last week , caused the evacuation of several mines and damaged coal trains supplying export terminals , triggering two miners - Yancoal Australia ( YAL.AX ) and QCoal - to declare force majeure on its deliveries . With other miners like BHP Billiton ( BHP.AX ) and Glencore ( GLEN.L ) also affected by the storm 's fallout , more disruptions may follow .
Force majeure is a commercial term that means a buyer or seller can not fulfil their obligations because of outside forces . It is typically invoked after natural disasters or accidents .
The outages caused Australian coking coal futures on the Singapore Exchange SCAFc1 on Monday to spike by over 43 percent to a last settlement of $ 225 per tonne , the highest since the beginning of the year .
Australia is the world 's biggest coking coal exporter and is China 's largest supplier , leaving steelmakers scrambling to find alternative supplies .
Spot coking coal prices DJMcv1 on the Dalian Commodity Exchange , closed on Monday and Tuesday for a public holiday , jumped over 7 percent early on Wednesday to $ 197.8 per tonne , their highest level since December 2016 .
`` The Chinese are fixing cargoes from the United States in order to replace the shortfall from Australia , '' one coal trader with knowledge of the matter said , speaking on the condition of anonymity as they were not cleared to talk about commercial deals .
`` More will make its way from the U.S. to China very soon , '' they said .
George Dethlefsen , Corsa Coal Corp 's ( CSO.V ) chief executive , said their company has been overwhelmed with inquiries for cargoes over the past few days from customers in Asia .
`` Right now we , like everyone else , are trying to figure out what tonnes are available and what we can produce to fulfil potential new orders , '' they said .
Thomson Reuters Eikon data shows that China already has imported more than 500,000 tonnes of U.S. coking coal in 2017 , with 427,000 tonnes shipped in just in February , ending a two-year stretch when no coking coal was shipped between the two countries .
Chuck Bradford of Bradford Research said the February coal sold for nearly $ 190 per tonne .
President Donald Trump has promised to revive the U.S. coal industry and issued an executive order last week to dismantle former President Barack Obama 's regulations on the sector .
Luke Popovich , a spokesperson for the National Mining Association trade group , said it was not clear that the demand had any link to the administration 's push to axe regulations .
STILL MORE NEEDED
As China returns from its long weekend , it will require even more coal , as the Australian outages far outstrip what is immediately available from the United States .
`` The minimum impact over the coming weeks we would expect would be in the region of 14 million tonnes of coal ( 11.5 million metallurgical , and 2.5 million tonnes thermal ) , '' said Rodrigo Echeverri , head of energy coal analysis at commodities trading house Noble Group ( NOBG.SI ) , adding that the current estimate was for the outages to last around five weeks .
Shipping data in Eikon shows that over 70 ships are waiting to load the marooned coal off the Queensland ports of Abbot Point , Mackay , Dalrymple Bay , and Hay Point .
China has also turned to Russia for more coking coal , with imports already rising to over 400,000 tonnes in February from 275,000 tonnes in December .
Mongolia and Indonesia are other potential sources of coking coal for China , three coal traders said . Anthracite coal shipments from North Korea to China , also used as coking coal , have dried up after Beijing ordered an import ban following missile tests of its isolated neighbour .
Overall , traders said it was unlikely that all of China 's near-term demand could be met without Queensland supplies , likely requiring inventory drawdowns , which will push up prices .
The supply squeeze has also affected the market for thermal coal , used in power generation , where benchmark Australian cargo prices from its Newcatle terminal GCLNWCPFBMc1 have soared over 11 percent this month to $ 90 a tonne , the highest since the beginning of the year .
`` The Pacific basin is showing signs of sudden tightness which is very likely based on the disruptions in Queensland , '' said Georgi Slavov , global head of energy , iron ore and shipping research at commodities brokerage Marex Spectron .
( Reporting by Henning Gloystein in SINGAPORE and Timothy Gardner in WASHINGTON ; Editing by Christian Schmollinger and Richard Pullin )
* Containers are in short supply , say charterers
* Container shipping index up 40 percent in 2017
* Bounce in East Asia trade drives container demand
* Hanjin bankruptcy , capacity cutbacks further tighten market
By Henning Gloystein
SINGAPORE , April 3 Prices for shipping containers , the metal boxes that carry 90 percent of the world 's manufactured goods , have risen to their highest since October 2015 , a clear indicator that seaborne trade is increasing and should grow further this year .
The Harpex Shipping Index CHT-IDX-HARPX , which tracks weekly shipping container rates , has climbed 40 percent this year to 439 points . Container charterers say that lead times to order container have risen , to over a month in some cases , as not enough are available to meet demand .
The tight market for the standardized boxes is a result of carriers cutting overcapacity and follows some bankruptcies . But the gains also point to a recovery in global trading after years of lacklustre growth .
`` The market seems tight ... ( and ) we are urging liners to release more box , '' said Willy Lin , chairperson of the Hong Kong Shippers ' Council , which represents manufacturers and cargo owners .
Sector-specific factors like the scrapping of excess ships and the bankruptcy of South Korea 's Hanjin Shipping have pushed up the index . But , shippers also say that increasing international trade has added to the container shortage .
Rene Pedersen , Asia/Pacific representative in Singapore for AP Moeller-Maersk , the world 's biggest container shipper , said their company expected global container demand this year will rise between 2 percent to 4 percent , compared with just 1.5 percent to 2 percent growth in 2016 .
RISING ASIAN TRADE
The container shortage is happening as manufacturing across Asia 's big three biggest economies - China , Japan and India - grew unexpectedly fast in the first quarter , adding to evidence that the world 's biggest economic region is gaining momentum .
`` China 's export box transport market is recovering , '' the Shanghai Shipping Exchange said in its most recent report , adding that growth in the United States ' economy was resulting in `` a firm recovery in the North America route ( from China ) . ''
The average export volumes from East Asia , including Japan , South Korea , Taiwan and Singapore , in February were more than 5 percent higher than a year ago , Capital Economics said in a March 27 report , citing various sources .
`` Economies in Europe and the U.S are ( also ) picking up , '' Maersk 's Pedersen said .
Despite the jump in container rates this year , the Harpex Index remains relatively weak at a third below its last peak in 2015 and 76 percent under its 2005 record .
Maersk 's Pedersen said that `` the container industry is not out of the woods yet '' but that `` increased consolidation activity ... could lead to a more sustainable industry in 2017 . ''
( Additional reporting by Keith Wallis ; Editing by Christian Schmollinger )
March 30 Evolva Holding SA :
* FY revenues of 9.6 million Swiss francs ( $ 9.63 million ) ( 2015 : 13.4 million francs )
* FY net loss 35.8 million francs versus loss 31.8 million francs a year ago
* Cash position of 47.5 million Swiss francs on Dec. 31 , 2016
* Agreement with Cargill on the Stevia Project expected to be announced next week
* Expects 2017 revenues from research and development in the range of the achievements in 2015 and 2016
* Expect to enter 2-3 partnerships for new products and/or for new research and development programmes in 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9972 Swiss francs ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Richard Gillett , an inshore fish harvester from Twillingate and Vice-President of the Federation of Independent Sea Harvesters of Newfoundland and Labrador ( FISH-NL ) , began a hunger strike Thursday afternoon on the grounds of DFO 's Newfoundland and Labrador headquarters in St. John 's .
Gillett 's demands include : a meeting with the federal Minister of Fisheries and Oceans , Dominic LeBlanc , and their assurance of an independent review of DFO science/management ; as well as an independent review of the relationship between DFO and the Fish , Food and Allied Workers ( FFAW ) union .
“ Enough is enough , ” says Gillett , “ This is a desperate situation that needs to be looked into right now . The industry is in the worse mess it 's ever been in , ” says Gillett , who 's been drinking only water since Thursday afternoon .
“ DFO science has been gutted and the management system we have today , when most of our fisheries are in crisis , is the same one that we had back in '92 when the cod moratorium came down . And the FFAW , which is supposedly our union , stopped standing up for fishermen long ago and got in bed with DFO . ”
“ If I ca n't fish I 'm no good to no one . I 'm no good to myself . I 'm no good to my family . I 'm no good to my friends . I was meant to fish . ”
On Tuesday , April 11 , Gillett , along with Ryan Cleary , President of FISH-NL , traveled to Ottawa and met with five of NL 's Liberal MPs , including : Gudie Hutchings , Yvonne Jones , Ken McDonald , Scott Simms and Nick Whalen . The MPs called the meeting to discuss the current fisheries crisis .
Here to talk about several measures coming out of the Senate , State Senator Michael Watson .
April 3 Dynasty Metals & Mining Inc
* Dynasty Metals & Mining - due to delays in completion of audit , co has not filed annual financial statements for fiscal year ended Dec 31 , 2016 by March 31
* Currently expects to file annual filings on or before April 14 , 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Some couples are both mature enough to accept the consequences of their actions and tend to be deeply in love , and they marry or move in together improve their child , planning to marry 1 day . This is a lot are usually than people think , and so it is something I see quite the among my younger friends with children . Parenting as a couple , no age , would make a significant difference . Having person to share the duty can mean less struggling , less stress , and more confidence , though single parents find ways to succeed also .
If are usually taking them then you need to realize that you have a major problem . Do n't ignore it and face your reliance . Also , do n't strive face your Drug Addiction upon it 's own . Seek help out of friends and family paid members . Also a good Philadelphia drug rehab can a person on the road to rehab.Drug use causes an increase in the of dopamine in needs to regulate . This triggers a a sense pleasure inside the brain . The brain will remember these feelings and require them recurring .
Dr. William Cosby stated on Oprah , `` Is this why we let ourselves get kicked and hit and did sit-ins ? '' indicating the up to date rappers who used their profanity-filled songs to test the scope and limits of freedom of expression laws .
Alcohol Therapy Middle a new singular regarding your remedy which you could't get wherever other than these . We cater the therapy to your wants and also . We offer start of the art services and an skilled and professional employees to help your remedy effective . Our top of the road remedy regiment will sure you actually conquer your addiction to illicit substances forever . Get therapy from your own middle along with a long good reputation for success . Exactly the same rehab center has the lengthy record of successes like we all do . Name us for an appointment now at our Drug rehab Center .
Rehabilitation means bringing the wonderful person back who you lost to drug or Alcohol Addiction . This can be the true goal of rehab . If they did n't get that , they have n't been rehabilitated . Maybe you sent your beloved to a rehab that did not have identical shoes goal as you .
Life extremely for clearly . People get addicted to alcohol or drugs to take out their roadblocks . But they fail to realize that addiction will just inside the life even tougher . Perhaps even if they might come back they ca n't do it . That is why you must react before its too delayed . There are some Drug Rehab centers the money experts accurately what treatment the patient needs . They bring it well to proper successfully .
For many people no a person has really used your time to show us the right way to let go of our past adversities . They 're even now experiencing the pain , the angry along with the fear as if they nonetheless attached for their oppressor .
One guy had found their niche and was person hand over fist , nonetheless . Craig Hopkins , who runs the Stevie Ray Vaughn fanclub , has written a very detailed book on Stevie Ray . Number of pics , set-lists , stories , interviews- it 's one of the most complete and greatest researched book I 've experienced on a star .
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK , June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world .
Andrej Plenkovic , president of Croatian Democratic Union ( HDZ ) , waves to their supporters during an election rally in Zagreb , Croatia , September 8 , 2016 . REUTERS/Antonio Bronic/File PictureRTSRLBI/File Photo
ZAGREB Croatia 's parliament began debating a no-confidence motion against the finance minister on Wednesday that could force a snap election .
The vote will test parliamentary support for Prime Minister Andrej Plenkovic who needs to rebuild a majority after the junior party in their centre-right coalition quit when they sacked its ministers for supporting the no-confidence motion .
If the vote on Thursday goes against Finance Minister Zdravko Maric , who is accused of conflicts of interest , it would indicate parliament is unlikely to endorse new ministers that Plenkovic needs to appoint - making a snap election likely .
The former junior coalition partner Most ( `` Bridge '' ) party backs the motion against Finance Minister Zdravko Maric because of a financial crisis at Croatia 's biggest private firm , Agrokor , where Maric was a senior executive until early 2016 .
`` I reject all the allegations against me about conflict of interest as unfounded as I have worked as a minister only in the public interest , '' Maric , who cut Croatia 's budget gap last year to 0.8 percent of GDP from more than 3 percent , told parliament .
Analysts say the opposition will struggle to gather the 76 votes needed in the 151-seat parliament to remove Maric .
`` I do n't think Maric will be removed , and , after that , Plenkovic would have around a month to secure a majority for new ministers to replace those from the Most party , '' analyst Davor Gjenero said .
If the no-confidence motion passes , said analyst Ivan Rimac : `` Plenkovic will have to decide whether to propose new ministers to replace Maric and those from Most or opt for new polls if not confident about sufficient support . ''
A previous coalition of Plenkovic 's HDZ and Most collapsed last June after just six months , leading to a snap election in September .
Analysts believe renewed tensions between the two parties stems largely from competition for votes ahead of municipal elections on May 21 and June 4 .
( Editing by Robin Pomeroy )
A month after dropping star Kevin Spacey due to numerous allegations of sexual misconduct against him , All the Money in the World landed three Golden Globe nominations — including Christopher Plummer , who took over their role , for best supporting actor in a motion picture .
The Hollywood Foreign Press Association announced the nominees for the 75th annual award show Monday morning . All the Money in the World , which recounts the real-life kidnapping of billionaire oil tycoon J. Paul Getty 's grandson , was also recognized for best performance by an actor in a motion picture drama ( Michelle Williams ) and best director ( Ridley Scott ) .
Kevin Spacey ( left ) and Christopher Plummer AP/REX/Shutterstock
Plummer , 87 , re-shot Spacey 's scenes in November , after the 58-year-old House of Cards actor was accused of making unwanted sexual advances toward young men on and off sets .
“ It is n't replacing . In a funny way it 's starting all over again because it 's going to be different , naturally , ” Plummer previously told Entertainment Tonight . “ I think it 's very sad what happened to him . Kevin is such a talented and a terrifically gifted actor , and it 's so sad . It 's such a shame . ”
Williams , 37 , also spoke about Spacey 's exit from the film .
“ This does n't do anything to ease the suffering of people who were all too personally affected by Kevin Spacey , but it is our little act of trying to right a wrong , ” they said . “ And it sends a message to predators — you ca n't get away with this anymore . Something will be done . ”
Kevin Spacey as J. Paul Getty Sony Pictures
Christopher Plummer than J. Paul Getty ALL THE MONEY IN THE WORLD Poster Art/First Look 2017
The scandal began when Star Trek star Anthony Rapp , 46 , claimed in a Buzzfeed News report that Spacey made inappropriate sexual advances toward them at a private party in New York City in 1986 . Spacey was 26 at the time , and Rapp was 14 . Spacey issued a statement saying they did n't remember Rapp 's alleged incident and apologizing “ for what would have been deeply inappropriate drunken behavior. ” They also publicly came out as gay in the same statement , which was met with criticism from numerous celebrities .
More alleged victims came forward , and PEOPLE confirmed Spacey had decided to seek “ evaluation and treatment . ”
The Battle of Sam Houston 's Statue
What would Sam Houston think of this troll job turned full-blown circus ?
The head-spinning Battle of Sam Houston 's Statue is over , culminating in a media circus ultimately birthed from a troll job , which many believed it to be all along ..
To rewind , a group calling itself “ Texas Antifa ” ( “ antifa ” is short for anti-fascists ) posted on Facebook a few months ago that their group wanted to topple the statue of Sam Houston that stands at the northern entrance to Houston 's Hermann Park . From there , they would plot to smash the massive Sam Houston statue standing guard along I-45 in Huntsville into gravel . Finally , they would rename the Sam Houston National Forest . And why would these group of people purporting to be liberals target ol ' Sam ? “ Texas Antifa ” claimed to make these demands because Houston had been a slaveholder .
All of this was a lie .
Accepting this Facebook group as a legitimate leftist group , at least two prominent Houston media outlets fed the trolls . Glenn Beck 's website weighed in , and even after the Houston Press called out the threat to the statue as a false flag attack , about 1,000 people showed up to Hermann Park on Saturday—many of them armed with long guns—to protect the statue from nonexistent anti-fascist protesters .
Many of those had been exhorted to do so by a rightist Facebook group called This Is Texas . The group organized a counterprotests in order to stop “ communist punks , ” Black Panthers , and anti-fascists who were “ embolden [ sic ] after they lay claim to a win in New Orleans by bringing down the Confederate monuments. ” The event description continued : “ They have made threats toward Texas & Texans saying ‘ Texans better not show up or they will limp home bruised , broken , hurt , with their tail between their legs ' & ‘ Smash the state ' . ”
Again , this alleged threat was all a prank .
Even before it was unequivocally revealed to be a troll job—a group claiming affiliation to the hacktivitist collective Anonymous has since claimed credit for the Texas Antifa page—that fact was readily apparent on the ground at the park on Saturday . The traffic circle around the equestrian statue was cordoned off with police tape , an area that a cop on the scene told me was supposed to have been reserved for the anti-Sam crowd . And there , ready to take action against the statue , was , well , nobody . Not a soul .
Meanwhile , there was that large “ counter-protest ” outside of the traffic circle . Hundreds of folks in camouflage or Army uniforms ( many with Texas insignia instead of American ; as the father of an active-duty American soldier , I can easily tell the difference ) , and leather gear affiliated with various motorcycle clubs . Some were waving “ Come and Take It ” and “ Do n't Tread On Me ” flags , and many of them were openly carrying weapons , ranging from shotguns to replica Winchesters to bolt-action rifles to AR-15s .
A police chopper buzzed overhead as dozens of cops , some on foot and some on horseback , were at attention . A mass casualty paramedic truck was parked nearby . The expense to Houston taxpayers must have been considerable , and that extra police presence , the hundreds of armed men , and the constant whine of the chopper 's rotors did not make for a peaceful Saturday in the park for anyone who happened to stumble upon the scene .
It is , of course , impossible to prove , but I would wager that precious few of the “ counter-protestors ” were typical patrons of Hermann Park , or anywhere in Houston , really . I have never seen so many pro-Confederate bumper stickers on as many cars as I did in the parking lot , nor as much Texas secessionist sentiment . Even before Dylann Roof 's massacre , Houston was quietly shelving its Dixie regalia , and that process has only accelerated since that awful event .
Some of the counter-protestors seemed to take their mere presence as a victory . One man told a group of reporters that their group had won the day because they had showed up and the protestors—referring to the fake “ Texas Antifa ” group—had not . Voices in the crowd had it that the leftists had chickened out due to the superior firepower , alleged moral high ground , or more ardent patriotism of this group . ( Some of those who claimed victory for this glorious triumph were outraged when the Anonymous group revealed that the whole thing had been a hoax and that groups like Antifa , the Black Panthers , and Black Lives Matter had never had any intention of attending . )
Photograph by John Nova Lomax
Another man who identified themselves as Jansen , an assault rifle strapped over their shoulder , pointed to the statue of Sam Houston as they said , “ This is our history and it will not move. ” Indeed , the history of the statue is important to note . The very statue the counter-protestors were “ protecting ” was controversial when it was built , but not for the reasons that many of the group might recall .
In the August 1927 issue of H.L . Mencken 's American Mercury magazine , native Texan Sam H. Acheson penned an article about the unveiling of this very same Sam Houston statue . Why did it take the city of Houston almost one hundred years to erect a monument to its founder ? After all , the statue of Confederate commander Dick Dowling , which stands at the Cambridge Street entrance to Hermann Park , was honored with Houston 's first public monument in 1905 . It once presided over Houston 's central plaza near old city hall , but has since been moved twice . Simply put , the old Houstonian elite regarded the hero of San Jacinto as a traitor , because they chose the Union over the Confederacy . “ [ And ] for that they have never been forgiven , ” Acheson wrote .
Houston loathed the Confederacy . They called Confederate president Jefferson Davis “ as ambitious as Lucifer and as cold as a lizard , ” and on the eve of the Civil War , they had this to say :
“ It has been my misfortune to peril my all for the Union . So indissolubly connected is my life , my history , my hopes , my fortunes , with it , that when it falls , I would ask that with it might close my career , that I might not survive the destruction of the shrine that I had been taught to regard as holy and inviolate , since my boyhood . I have beheld it , the fairest fabric of Government God ever vouchsafed to man , more than a half century . May it never be my fate to stand sadly gazing on its ruins ! To be deprived of it , after enjoying it so long , would be a calamity , such as no people yet have endured . ”
Three years later , as the war was still raging , a Presbyterian minister gave Houston one last chance to repent their “ sin ” of Unionism . “ My views as to the propriety and possibility of success of this wicked revolution have undergone no change , ” Houston told the preacher . Houston died within an hour .
All of which makes them a highly unlikely hero of modern-day secessionist types , but that did n't stop them from rallying around Old Sam—a man who would have despised their views—in response to a sham threat to tear their likeness down . After all , much of this backlash came from actions in Louisiana , where several Confederate statues were removed in New Orleans . Noting their strong opposition , it 's hard to believe Houston would have had the same reaction as fake Texas Antifa/Anonymous . As they explained after revealing their ruse :
Statues , for the most part , are how we honor those who worked so hard to give us what we have today . Only those of little accomplishment who have no respect for the past would wish these monuments to be gone . Only a State that has no regard for history would fail to immediately pass a sweeping law [ HB 1359 ] protecting them in light of the recent actions in Louisiana .
A sweeping law to protect Confederate monuments ? With that law 's supporter 's rallying around a statue of Sam Houston in their own namesake city , some of them openly displaying secessionist insignia ? Sam Houston might have wept .
The Parkland Florida School shooting rampage left 17 dead and leaves us wondering what to do to protect our children in school . The failure of authorities when there were so many complaints in advance that they may attack the school and then the failure of the deputy at the school to confront the shooter leaves us thinking ; we have to do more .
Flat Viewing : a treacherous , tedious , emotionally draining , and frustrating process . Between the mass group viewings , provoking property managers and shoddy organisation , the system of choosing a flat is anything but pleasant . Flat viewings can be an absolute whirlwind of a process , and it 's easy to get blown away .
What starts as an exciting notion of choosing your own place is quickly killed off as viewing after viewing passes without you finding what you want or being successful at getting a flat . In order to make the most of a viewing , and take a little stress off your shoulders , here are a few things to make the process a tad easier .
Prepare . Prepare on so many levels . If it 's your first time viewing properties , prepare to be disappointed . Nothing will look like the photos and everything will smell a bit weird . But beyond that , prepare for the viewing .
A lot of information can be found online . Familiarise yourself with the neighbourhood , the letting agents , the basic details of the property and how you can quickly go about securing the flat if you happen to love it ( some viewings you might want to take cash to ) . You can also prepare by predetermining what you want to look for in the property , and what you want to ask letting agents . Save The Student has an excellent checklist of things to look for at a viewing , just search for their ‘ House Viewing Checklist ' and print this off to take with you .
Once you 're in the property , take a careful look at appliances . It 's easy to get carried away in the anticipation of a flat viewing , you might be so caught up in the fact there 's a dishwasher that you fail to notice there 's no washing machine . Make a note of everything that is in the property and consider whether it would suit your lifestyle . Check if the hob is gas or electric , you 'll want to know these things . Heating is especially important , the second flat I lived in did n't even have radiators ( ! ) but none of us noticed that at the flat viewing .
Finally , ask the property manager what actually comes with the property , there 's no point in getting excited about finding a flat with a leather sofa and 32-inch TV just to find that neither will be there when you come to move in .
Do n't let yourself be hurried through the process . Student flat viewings in Edinburgh are an absolute calamity . Most of the time , there 'll be about six groups of people , all trying to cram into one boxy flat . You 'll have ten minutes to scan all the rooms , and most of your questions will go unanswered . Try not to let the other viewers or the letting agents push you around . If you want to spend five minutes examining the kitchen fixings then you do that . Take your time to explore the rooms , ask questions , write things down . After all , if you might be living there for a year , you 'll want to see it for more than ten minutes .
Talk to the current residents . I ca n't stress how helpful this is . Find out what they think about the flat itself , the agents , the location , the noise , most of all , find out why they 're moving out . A ten minute flat viewing can tell you which bedroom is biggest and which has the best view , but it 's not until you live there that you 'll know which is coldest or which gets the most noise . No one wants to move in six months after a viewing only to learn the bottle bins are emptied at 5 am every morning and you 'll never have to set an alarm again . Speaking to the current tenants might just enlighten you to all these little secrets .
Consider the security . Flat viewings often solely focus on the aesthetics of the place . People will gaze in awe out of a floor to ceiling window with a view of Arthur 's Seat without checking whether said window even locks . The worrying truth is that many student flats are n't as secure as they could be , it 's definitely worth inspecting the doors , windows and communal staircases before you choose to rent , rather than moving in and having to spend half your time chasing up your letting agents .
Do n't panic ! As stressful as flat viewings can be , keep the faith that you will eventually find a flat and make it your own . It might take patience and a whole lot of viewings , but you will find somewhere .
illustration : Xu Suye
NEW YORK , March 31 Collateralized Loan Obligation funds ( CLOs ) are adding provisions to refinancing deals that will allow them to cut interest payments for a second time and boost payments to equity holders if President Donald Trump goes ahead with plans to dismantle the Dodd-Frank Act .
CVC Credit Partners and Seix Investment Advisors have refinanced CLOs recently and added language that will allow them to refinance again if key Dodd Frank risk-retention rules are changed or removed , sources said .
The risk-retention rules , which require managers to hold 5 % of their funds as of last year , are partly responsible for an anticipated 30 % drop in CLO volume this year . Eliminating the rules could boost CLO volume and provide more capital to invest in US leveraged loans .
Cutting spreads again in a second refinancing will reduce payments to senior debt holders and boost payments to CLO equity holders , which could attract investors and make it easier to sell new funds .
`` If a manager and equity can take that second refinancing , it definitely adds optionality , reduces the upfront costs of doing a new deal and the manager starts with a fully ramped portfolio , ” said Dave Stehnacs , a portfolio manager at ZAIS Group .
NO-ACTION LETTER
The Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) released a no-action letter in July 2015 in response to a request from investment firm Crescent Capital Group , which said that CLOs issued before the risk-retention rule was established on December 24 2014 , can refinance without buying a retention slice .
No-action letters can be issued by regulators in response to a question about whether an activity may violate the existing rule .
To qualify under the ‘ Crescent Letter , ' a CLO refinancing must be completed within four years of closing , the interest rate must be lower than the original spread , the maturity can not change , and , crucially , a manager can only refinance a tranche once .
This refinancing provision can be used if the rule no longer applies to CLOs either because of a change in interpretation , a court case , or a Congressional or regulatory change , according to Paul St. Lawrence , a partner at law firm Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton .
“ Once the legal regime changes , then the whole rationale for why the no-action letter was prohibiting an additional refinancing goes away , ” they said .
Spokespeople for the SEC , Seix and CVC all declined to comment .
RESET OPTION
Some firms are also considering adding language that allows the same tranche of debt to be refinanced a second time if CLO managers agree to make deals risk-retention compliant , sources said .
Managers will be able to keep their assets and save money if firms use second refinancings as resets to extend maturities and keep CLOs in place longer , but it is unclear how the SEC will view the provisions .
It is cheaper to refinance a CLO than raise a new deal , according to Bjarni Torfason , a CLO analyst at Deutsche Bank .
Some senior investors are pushing back against these provisions and are agreeing to join new tranches only if an additional refinancing is prohibited , according to Steven Kolyer , a partner at law firm Clifford Chance .
CLO refinancing has been active recently as the funds have to be refinanced within four years to qualify under the ‘ Crescent Letter , ' which means that the window to rework 2013 and 2014 funds is closing .
About 100 US CLOs have been refinanced this year and spreads on the most senior tranches have been cut to as little as 101bp , according to Thomson Reuters LPC Collateral .
Deutsche Bank estimates that almost 160 CLOs that were issued before December 24 , 2014 , with a reinvestment period ending in 2017 or later have not been refinanced or reset yet and are prime refinancing candidates with Triple A coupon of 130bp or higher . ( Reporting by Kristen Haunss ; Editing by Tessa Walsh )
At the end of the 2016-2017 school year , teachers at USD 428 were asked why they stay teaching in Great Bend schools . The results are informative as the district looks to improve teacher retention .
Given the options to choose from , with an opportunity to list others , the teachers surveyed noted being established in the community as the top response why they have stayed in their current position . Nearly 70 percent surveyed responded the community was a big factor .
USD 428 Assistant Superintendent John Popp tells us teachers also valued their coworkers .
John Popp Audio
https : //www.greatbendpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/popp-retention-1.mp3
The second highest response as to why teachers stay was their spouse or significant other has ties to Great Bend . Reputation of the district and competitive salary were two of the three lowest reasons why .
Of reasons why teachers might apply to another district : salary , benefits , plan time , and work load were the top responses . In efforts to increase teacher retention , teachers suggested larger salary increases , rewarding longevity , and removing ineffective teachers .
John Popp Audio
https : //www.greatbendpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/popp-retention-2.mp3
The question of the top three reasons why you wanted employment with USD 428 when you were first hired revealed : spouse or significant other has ties , Great Bend is my hometown or close to family , and it was my first job offer as the top reasons on why they chose the district for employment . Reputation of the district and competitive salary again ranked towards the bottom .
If you live in Jackson County , you could be owed some money . The state of Mississippi has a list of residents with unclaimed money and Jackson County leaders want you to collect .
Organization ICAR-CIFT Type of Position Senior Research Fellow No . of Posts 2 Last Date 5.1.17 Education Requirement MSc Life Science , Agriculture Science Experience Requirement 0…
Jordyn Woods gets by with a little help from their best friend .
At a World Smile Day celebration in West Hollywood on Thursday , Woods had plenty of nice things to say about Kylie Jenner , their famous bestie .
“ Having a best friend is , like , everything . I feel like everyone deserves a best friend . It 's just like having someone you can call at any time , ” the 20-year-old Wilhelmina Curve model told reporters . “ Obviously , I have my family and I have my mom , but sometimes you need that extra person that is n't a part of everything , going through the same things as you . It 's really helpful . I feel like right now , at this age , you develop the friends that you 're going to have forever , and we do everything together . ”
Asked whether they thought their friendship with Jenner would stand the test of time Woods replied , “ Nothing 's forever , but for as long as I can imagine , I believe so . ”
But one thing Woods would n't discuss was their BFF 's pregnancy . When asked if they thought it would be an honor to be a god mom , Woods responded , “ A god mom ? ”
“ In the future , whenever that is , who knows ? I 'll probably have a lot of godchildren from all my friends , because we 're all just like a family , ” Woods said , adding that they had n't received any formal requests yet .
Woods also declined to comment on what kind of parent they think Jenner would be . “ Honestly , I have no clue . I have a no clue , ” they repeated . “ I do n't really have any comments on that . ”
WATCH : Kylie Jenner Gives BFF Jordyn Woods a Mercedes-Benz for Them Birthday Amid Pregnancy News
Woods , who also stars with Jenner on their reality show Life of Kylie , went on to share their secrets on how to maintain a friendship with somebody when everybody 's always looking for cracks in your relationship .
“ I feel like it 's important that you have the same understanding with your friend . You both have the same understanding and you know that I can trust this person , and I 'm not going to do this , and that person is not going to do the same , ” Woods said . “ Honestly , you ca n't really trust anyone . You really ca n't . People stab you in the back all the time , but I feel like my friendships that I have , you just have the same understanding . ”
ABC is finally delivering on its long-held promise to bring a diverse lead to its Bachelor franchise .
The network on Monday night announced its new bachelorette will be Rachel Lindsay , a 31-year-old attorney from Dallas who will be the first black lead in the history of “ The Bachelor ” or spin-off “ The Bachelorette . ”
“ The Bachelor ” is in the midst of airing Season 21 , with suitor Nick Viall . Lindsay will star in Season 13 of “ The Bachelorette . ”
The announcement , made on “ Jimmy Kimmel Live ! , ” comes after years of criticism for the shows ' lack of casting diversity .
ABC president Channing Dungey , the first black woman to lead the network , responded to questions about the lack of diversity last summer during the Television Critics Association press tour , saying they would “ very much like to see some changes there . ”
“ I think one of the biggest changes that we need to do is we need to increase the pool of diverse candidates in the beginning , because part of what ends up happening as we go along is there just are n't as many candidates to ultimately end up in the role of the next bachelor or bachelorette , ” they told reporters at the time . “ So that is something we really want to put some effort and energy towards . ”
The leads for “ The Bachelor ” and “ The Bachelorette ” are typically chosen from the pool of candidates who did not win the previous season of the sister show .
Lindsay is currently competing on the current season of “ The Bachelor. ” ( So , spoiler alert . )
After the announcement , Viall tweeted their congratulations to Lindsay .
“ My heart is full of joy for you Rachel . Congrats ! ! ” they wrote .
The network previously attempted to diversify its leads back in Season 18 with the casting of Juan Pablo , an American-born Venezuelan .
Juan Pablo was initially a lauded choice , but by season 's end was being called one of the most disastrous picks in the dating show 's history , for reasons related to a slew of controversial comments and actions .
Notably , Lifetime drama “ Unreal ” featured a black suitor last season in its fictional show-within-the-show , which is inspired by “ The Bachelor. ” The character was played actor B.J . Britt .
“ The Bachelor ” and “ The Bachelorette ” continue to be lucrative series for ABC .
The most recent season of “ The Bachelor ” frequently ranks as Monday 's No . 1 TV series among adults 18-49 and adults 18-34 .
The current season is also up 4 % in total viewers compared to last season , with 8.6 million viewers .
The new season of “ The Bachelorette ” premieres May 22 .
MEXICO CITY Two inmates were killed and 13 injured during a prison riot in northern Mexico , the government of the state of Nuevo Leon said on Tuesday , the second fatal security breach within a week in the country 's troubled prison system .
The deaths occurred in the Cadereyta penitentiary near the city of Monterrey after about 50 inmates attacked the prison 's pharmacy and set fire to cells , the government said .
It was the second consecutive day of violence there . On Monday , two guards and five prisoners were hurt after inmates blocked corridors in the facility with burning mattresses .
On Friday , three inmates died in a prison riot in the neighbouring state of Tamaulipas after a jailbreak .
In February 2016 , 49 people were killed in a massive gang fight in the Topo Chico prison in Monterrey .
( Reporting by Anahi Rama ; Editing by Michael Perry )
A Champaign County man who escaped from a correctional facility in Athens County was sent to prison for multiple community control violations Monday .
Community control was revoked for Troy B. Byrd , 29 , during a merits hearing on community control violations and they were sentenced to prison for 23 months .
A notice of supervision violation filed last week accused Byrd of violating community control by escaping from the SEPTA Correctional Facility , Nelsonville , on April 1 , admitting to using multiple illegal substances and failing to complete the SEPTA Community Based Correctional Facility residential program .
Byrd pleaded guilty and was found guilty of these community control violations during Monday 's hearing .
They were previously sentenced to 23 months in prison in December 2015 after pleading guilty to possession of heroin and resisting arrest . Judicial release was granted in June 2016 and Byrd was placed on community control for a period of three years .
After they were found to have violated conditions of community control , Byrd was returned to community control on March 7 under the conditions that they gain admission to and complete the SEPTA Community Based Correctional Facility residential program and complete any aftercare programming to be complete upon release from the facility .
During Monday 's hearing , Byrd said they were not facing charges in another county , but Champaign County Assistant Prosecutor Samantha Whetherholt noted they were recently indicted in Delaware County .
According to the Delaware County Clerk of Court 's website , Byrd was indicted last Friday on one count of failure to comply with order or signal of a police officer , a third degree felony , stemming from when they were captured on April 4 .
On that date , Byrd was reportedly a passenger in a vehicle in Delaware when officers from the Delaware Police Department responded . Officers attempted to stop the vehicle , but Jamie V. Jarrett , the driver , failed to yield and continued on London Road to South U.S. Highway 42 .
The pursuit continued on South U.S. Highway 42 reaching speeds of 60 miles per hour and ended inside Union County after the suspect vehicle 's tires were deflated .
Jarrett , 38 , was also indicted last Friday on one count each of failure to comply with order or signal of a police officer , tampering with evidence and obstructing justice .
According to a criminal complaint filed against Jarrett in the Delaware Municipal Court , they admitted to communicating with Byrd over the phone while they were at the correctional facility and police learned they assisted Byrd in planning their escape .
At the time of their escape , Byrd was the third person to escape from the facility on April 1 .
Byrd http : //urbanacitizen.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_Byrd-2.jpg Byrd
By Nick Walton [ email protected ]
Nick Walton can be reached at 937-652-1331 Ext . 1777 or on Twitter @ UDCWalton .
Nick Walton can be reached at 937-652-1331 Ext . 1777 or on Twitter @ UDCWalton .
Police in New York say one suspect in custody after an explosion near Times Square .
They say it happened in the subway , at the Port Authority bus terminal .
Initially the suspect was believed to have been the only person injured , but officials later said four people had received non-life-threatening injuries .
Update regarding explosion at 42nd St and 8th Ave , in subway : One male suspect is in custody . No injuries other than suspect at this time . Avoid the area . Subways bypassing # PortAuthority and Times Square Stations . Info is preliminary . pic.twitter.com/bEAdjq8mYc — NYPD NEWS ( @ NYPDnews ) December 11 , 2017
# FDNY Commissioner Nigro is on scene at 42 St and 8th Ave , Port Authority . A total of 4 non-life-threatening injuries reported pic.twitter.com/L6YW07xqiT — FDNY ( @ FDNY ) December 11 , 2017
Some subway trains were evacuated in the area in midtown Manhattan , while trains were bypassing Port Authority and Times Square stations .
New York Mayor Bill de Blasio and US President Donald Trump have been briefed on the situation .
This week 's sender wants to know if making out with different men is good 'practice ' for when they finally get a serious relationship or suffers heartbreak
Published 10:40 PM , June 13 , 2017
Rappler 's Life and Style section runs an advice column by couple Jeremy Baer and clinical psychologist Dr Margarita Holmes .
Jeremy has a master 's degree in law from Oxford University . A banker of 37 years who worked in 3 continents , they have been training with Dr Holmes for the last 10 years as co-lecturer and , occasionally , as co-therapist , especially with clients whose financial concerns intrude into their daily lives .
Together , they have written two books : Love Triangles : Understanding the Macho-Mistress Mentality and Imported Love : Filipino-Foreign Liaisons .
Dear Dr Holmes and Mr Baer :
I 'm a 25-year-old woman , no boyfriend since birth ( NBSB ) , virgin , but I am so open-minded about sex and I am horny .
I masturbate almost every day and night , 4-5 times a week . I 've done racy things with a few men ; but only until 3rd base . No penetration , vaginal or anal . Also foreplay : blowjob , fingering , clit stimulation , `` momol '' ( `` make out lang '' ) . I do n't have sex with them because I am reserving this for marriage or for my first serious boyfriend . Also , so my friends and other people still consider me high value .
The reason I do `` momol '' with different men is because I want to enjoy the pleasure while I am young and without a boyfriend yet .
I also want to practice control and prevent myself from being overly emotional and clingy to men . I do `` momol '' with lots of different men without commitment so that when I experience heartbreak I will not get too hurt or too affected . At least , I would have had practice with my boy toys .
Please tell me what you think of my solution .
Momol Girl
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
Dear Momol Girl ,
Thank you for your message .
You ask what we think of your solution so let 's consider first what you tell us about the premises on which you base your current behavior .
You are reserving penetration for marriage or for your first serious boyfriend ; Non-penetration will enable your friends and other people to continue to consider you high value ; `` Momol '' helps you to avoid being overly emotional and clingy ; `` Momol '' will also help you avoid being too hurt when you suffer heartbreak in the future .
From everything you tell us , it seems reasonable to posit that your `` momol '' action plan is motivated not by morality but by pragmatism , a pragmatism shaped by two important beliefs : that your virginity has a certain value and that you must prepare yourself for future heartbreak by practicing emotional disengagement .
Virginity can be a fraught subject . In some cultures it is prized , in others it merits a footnote at most . Some people protect it for reasons of religion or tradition , others are only too anxious to rid themselves of it as early as possible .
You appear to view it as some sort of social asset . Protecting it means protecting your value in the circles in which you move – and by extension , perhaps , avoiding ostracism . It is a pity that you do n't elaborate , but merely leave us to deduce , rightly or wrongly , how this actually works . Quite why it is `` wrong '' to allow penetration but `` right '' to masturbate and get as far as `` 3rd base '' may be obvious to you but not so obvious to others . Perhaps it 's just simply adhering to the customs of your barkada and nothing more complicated than that . In the final analysis , if it works for you that 's all that matters .
Despite all this , I wonder if your current solution may fail to prepare you adequately for a real boyfriend . Indeed , it may desensitize you to the point where you will find it difficult , if not impossible , to change your behavior . While it is fine to have boy toys lined up for regular sexual calisthenics , you are after all taking every precaution to avoid the emotional attachment that is the principal ingredient of a `` real '' relationship . Having said that , you seem very clear sighted about the difference between your current liaisons and the type of relationship you will in due course expect to have with your first true boyfriend . You also anticipate a degree of heartbreak so you are not unduly starry eyed or overly optimistic that Mr Right is waiting for you just round the corner .
Best of luck ,
JAF Baer
Dear MG ( Momol Girl ) :
Thank you very much for your letter . I agree with Mr Baer 's observations that : `` You are taking every precaution to avoid the emotional attachment that is the principal ingredient of a 'real ' relationship ( in that ) you seem very clear sighted about the difference between your current liaisons and the type of relationship you will in due course expect to have with your first true boyfriend . You also anticipate a degree of heartbreak . ''
I just wonder if all these precautions will merely reduce your chances of having a relationship worth having a heartbreak about .
The latest research on our memories ( stored mainly in the hippocampus ) makes very clear that very seldom do we do things that are not remembered – if not in ways we can articulate and verbalize , then in ways that we act and react .
You also wrote : `` I also want to practice control and prevent myself from being overly emotional and clingy to men . I do 'momol ' with lots of different men without commitment so that when I experience heartbreak I will not get too hurt or too affected . At least , I would have had practice with my boy toys . ''
However , it sounds like so far you have divided males into two categories : men you may be able to relate to but you have no interest in sexually and boy toys to whom you do not relate but have sexual encounters , i.e . a female version of the traditional man 's Madonna-prostitute dichotomy .
Mr Baer also suggests that : `` Your current solution may fail to prepare you adequately for a real boyfriend . Indeed , it may desensitize you to the point where you will find it difficult , if not impossible , to change your behavior . ''
The latest neuroscientific research suggests that this is not possible . If all sexual encounters have been reduced merely to a means to two ends – sexual release and practice for Mr Right – this is what your body will register and what your mind will remember ; and it may be difficult to shift emotionally and physically when you meet `` Mr Right . ''
I know it sounds sort of hokey , especially since you are obviously quite a bright woman who has worked out a plan that will give you great sex now and then true love ( hopefully , with great sex a part of it too ) later .
But life does n't always work out as planned . Using men as boy toys , even if they want what you want as much as you do and have no problems being `` used '' this way , may ( only may and not definitely will , mind you ) make it more difficult to treat someone else in a different way .
Practice sometimes does n't always make perfect .
People like to say : `` What does n't kill you , only makes you stronger . ''
It does n't always , you know .
Terrible things you survive do n't always make you stronger ( like it 's a good thing ) , I mean . These we call trauma .
Something terrible may not kill you , but it can make you more bitter , more suspicious , less trusting , more unwilling to take a chance , etc etc .
True , something terrible does not necessarily kill you , but it may make you a person unable to give people the benefit of the doubt and less ready to take a chance on true love .
In addition , the latest research on neuroscience underscores that it does n't have to be something truly terrible that makes you bitter and less capable of treating others kindly ; it just has to be something you do often enough . If you constantly behave in a way that `` momol lang , kasi hindi ko siya mahal kaya pang practice lang siya '' ( I 'm just using this guy for practice ) it will be difficult to change 100 % when you start making out with potential Mr Rights .
Neuropsychologists like to repeat the following constantly . It is their mantra : `` Neurons that fire together , wire together . '' Literally .
Thus , if you constantly behave as if sex is for nothing more than pleasure ( even if you tell yourself that this is only until you find the right guy ) this is the way all of you – brain , body , genitals – might behave . And respond . And initiate .
I firmly believe in mind over matter , and have actually seen women ( admittedly , very few women , literally less than 1 % ) who enjoy sex tremendously and lots-of-time-ly with as many men as they want and not end up bitter , desperate , anxious , and/or just plain sad .
It is possible you are one of these exceptional women .
However , before you decide you are , could you please read just two books for me ? Beselle Van Der Kolk 's 2014 book The Body Keeps the Score : Brain , Mind , and Body in the Healing of Trauma and Dr Ecker , Ticic , and Hulley 's 2012 book Unlocking the Emotional Brain : Eliminating Symptoms at their Roots Using Emotional Reconsolidation .
Linda Peters writes in the book they co-authored , Our Socially Awkward Marriage : Stories from An Adult Relationship on the Asperger 's End of the Autism Spectrum that , `` To be happy , one must learn to trust one 's instincts over external messages . ''
All we have written here are external messages , so take them as you will and the very best of luck to you .
MG Holmes
Need advice from our Two Pronged duo ? Email twopronged @ rappler.com with subject heading TWO PRONGED . Unfortunately the volume of correspondence precludes a personal response .
CHARLOTTE , N.C. — Panthers coach Ron Rivera says Cam Newton 's apology for a sexist remark to a female reporter was `` something that was needed to be said . ''
`` I think it was well said and well put , '' Rivera said Friday . `` I think it was well said and well put . I just it something we can move forward .. and start again . It 's a tough set of circumstances and hopefully this can settle things so we can go forward . ''
Newton made their remarks during a news conference Wednesday when Charlotte Observer reporter Jourdan Rodrigue asked the 2015 NFL MVP about wide receiver Devin Funchess ' route running . The quarterback laughed and said , `` It 's funny to hear a female talk about routes . It 's funny . ''
Newton issued a nearly two-minute apology on Twitter Thursday night , saying , `` What I did was extremely unacceptable '' and that they have `` really learned a valuable lesson from this . ''
They have n't directly apologized to Rodrigue .
The NFL had issued a statement Wednesday night calling Newton 's comments at the news conference `` just plain wrong and disrespectful to the exceptional female reporters and all journalist who cover the league . ''
Newton issued their apology more than 24 hours after making their remarks , during which time they lost an endorsement deal when Dannon severed ties with him .
`` After careful thought , I understand that my word choice was extremely degrading and disrespectful to women , '' the Panthers quarterback said . `` To be honest , that was not my intentions . And if you are a person who took offence to what I said , I sincerely apologize to you . ''
In the video , Newton said he 's a man who strives to be a positive role model in the community and who tries to use their platform to inspire others .
They also said they take ownership to everything that comes with that .
Rugby-Care believes flexible England can target World Cup
June 14 Scrumhalf Danny Care believes adopting a different style of play depending on the match situation , much as England did in the thrilling 38-34 win over Argentina in San Juan on Saturday , will increase the side 's chances of lifting the next World Cup .
THE military yesterday said 48 foreign terrorists are operating in Mindanao , training new recruits .
Maj. Gen. Fernando Trinidad , AFP deputy chief of staff for intelligence , made the statement at the resumption of oral arguments at the Supreme Court , on consolidated petitions against the extension of martial law in Mindanao .
Trinidad said that in November last year , 15 terrorists from Indonesia and Malaysia entered Mindanao to assist terrorist groups in Sarangani while 16 more Indonesian terrorists provided assistance and training to the Abu Sayyaf in Basilan and to the Maute Group in Lanao del Sur . Just this month , an Egyptian was also monitored to have entered the region , they said .
Trinidad said that while the number of terrorists has been reduced , recruitment activities have boosted their number to almost 400 , “ almost the same number that initially attacked Marawi . ”
“ Considering the magnitude of scope as well as the presence of rebel groups in Mindanao , public safety remains in danger and the security of Mindanao is at stake . As it is , the AFP is appealing is for the extension of martial law and the suspension of the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus for one year , ” Trinidad said adding that these terrorist groups are training their members in bomb-making , urban warfare tactics and other operations .
President Duterte declared martial law in the entire Mindanao on May 23 last year , hours after the terrorist Maute Group attacked Marawi City . The 60-day martial law was first extended up to Dec. 31 , 2017 . Duterte asked for another extension , saying terrorist groups are conducting recruitment activities and regrouping since government forces ended the Marawi conflict in October last year . They also cited as reason for the extension attacks by the communist New People 's Army . Opposition lawmakers have said the second extension is illegal because there is no rebellion or invasion .
Solicitor General Jose Calida , during oral arguments , said none of the petitioners against the extension can dispute the security assessment made by the military and the police showing there is still rebellion in Mindanao .
Calida said , “ Even as the leadership of the Maute was decimated in Marawi , the rebellion in Mindanao persists as the surviving members of the militant group have not laid down their arms . The violence committed by the other groups… is part of the equation . ”
Calida assured the public Duterte will not place the entire country under martial law even if the communist insurgency has presence in various provinces outside of Mindanao .
“ I 've known the President for a long time and I believe they will not impose martial law in the entire Philippines since their concern is Mindanao , ” Calida told Senior Associate Justice Antonio Carpio though they conceded that in the realm of possibilities , it is possible .
Armed Forces chief Gen. Rey Leonardo Guerrero said martial law has given the military enhanced authority to go after armed groups .
Asked by Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno why there is a need for martial law , they said , “ There is a deeper problem that must be addressed , multi-dimensional and it enhances a climate that is safe and secure . ”
Replying to a question from Associate Justice Teresita Leonardo de Castro on the one-year period , Guerrero said , “ it is based on our calculations , estimates of the capabilities of enemies and our own capabilities . ”
But the AFP chief admitted under interpellation by Associate Justice Samuel Martires that it is a “ very ambitious target ” to address the problems in Mindanao within a year .
