UPDATE 1-MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK , June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp 's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada , a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday .
FILE PICTURE : Iraqi Shi'ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr speaks during a media conference with Iraqi Defense Minister Arfan al-Hayali and Iraq 's Interior Minister Qasim al-Araji ( not pictured ) in Najaf , Iraq May 3 , 2017 .
ERBIL , Iraq , ( Reuters ) - An influential Iraqi Shi'ite cleric plans to visit the United Arab Emirates on Sunday , strengthening their ties with Sunni-ruled states of the Middle East .
It will be the second such trip in as many months for Moqtada al-Sadr , who commands a large following among Iraq 's urban poor . They visited Saudi Arabia at the end of July .
The Emirati government will send a special plane to fly Sadr to the UAE and return them to Iraq , according to a statement on the cleric 's website .
The cleric is one of few Iraqi Shi'ite leaders to keep some distance from Shi'ite Iran , Saudi Arabia 's regional rival and the main backer of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . In April , Sadr called on Assad to `` take a historic heroic decision '' and step down , to spare their country further bloodshed .
Sadr 's office said their meetings end July with the Saudi crown prince , Mohammed bin Salman , resulted in an agreement to study possible investments in Shi'ite regions of southern Iraq . The Saudis will also consider the possibility of opening a consulate in Iraq 's holy Shi'ite city of Najaf , they said .
Sadr also announced a Saudi decision to donate $ 10 million to help Iraqis displaced by the war on Islamic State in Iraq , to be paid to the Iraqi government .
Baghdad and Riyadh had announced in June they would set up a coordination council to upgrade ties , as part of an attempt to heal troubled relations between the Arab neighbours .
Saudi Arabia reopened its embassy in Baghdad in 2015 following a 25-year break , and Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir made a rare visit to Baghdad in February .
March 30 Platynowe Inwestycje SA :
* Said on Wednesday that The Polish Financial Supervision Authority ( KNF ) resolved to prohibit Platynowe Iwestycje from carrying out series G share issue offer
* In its report KNF says that to carry out this offer the company was obliged to submit a prospectus and the commencement of the offer could only take place after its prior approval
* The company planned to raise its share capital by 5.6 million zlotys via the series G share issue
Source text for Eikon : and bit.ly/2okinB4
Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
BRIEF-Newriver Reit to raise not less than 200 mln stg via placing
* ‍Proposed firm placing and placing and open offer to raise not less than 200 million stg at an offer price in range of 330 pence to 340 pence per share​ Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
U.S. President Donald Trump ( L ) and Jordan 's King Abdullah II leave after a joint news conference in the Rose Garden at the White House in Washington , U.S. , April 5 , 2017 . REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
U.S. President Donald Trump ( R ) and Jordan 's King Abdullah stand together at the conclusion of their joint news conference in the Rose Garden after their meeting at the White House in Washington , U.S. , April 5 , 2017 . REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
U.S. President Donald Trump ( R ) and Jordan 's King Abdullah II hold a joint news conference in the Rose Garden at the White House in Washington , U.S. , April 5 , 2017 . REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
WASHINGTON Jordan 's King Abdullah praised U.S. President Donald Trump 's commitment to addressing the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and said they had hope for the Arab League peace initiative proposed for the region .
`` The president 's early engagement in bringing the Palestinians and Israelis together has been a very encouraging sign for all of us , '' Abdullah said at a White House news conference with the new American president .
Abdullah said the Arab League peace initiative `` offers a historic reconciliation between Israel and the Palestinians . ''
( Reporting by Ayesha Rascoe and David Alexander ; Writing by Doina Chiacu )
Marine Le Pen , French National Front ( FN ) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election , arrives at their campaign headquarters in Paris , France , April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Charles Platiau
PARIS Defeated first-round French presidential candidate Nicolas Dupont-Aignan endorsed Marine Le Pen and struck a deal on the future government with the far-right leader who , polls show , would lose to the centrist Emmanuel Macron in the May 7 runoff .
Right-winger Dupont-Aignan , who scored 4.7 percent of votes in the first round , said they had signed an agreement on the future government with Marine Le Pen that takes into account some `` evolution '' of their programme .
`` I will support Marine Le Pen , I will campaign with them on an enlarged government project , '' Dupont-Aignan told France 2 TV channel .
Two polls on Friday showed centrist Emmanuel Macron winning the French presidential runoff with less than 60 percent of votes , as the far-right candidate Marine Le Pen slightly gained ground since the start of the week .
However , Marine Le Pen 's bid to defy the odds and win the French presidency risked a setback on Friday when the man named interim head of their National Front party stood down to defend themselves against charges they share the views of Holocaust deniers .
( Reporting by Maya Nikolaeva and Emmanuel Jarry ; Editing by Ralph Boulton )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - U.S. refiner Phillips 66 's profit surged more than 19 times in the fourth quarter , helped by a $ 2.74 billion tax benefit due to the recent changes to U.S. tax laws .
The company 's consolidated earnings rose to $ 3.2 billion , or $ 6.25 per share , in the fourth quarter ended Dec. 31 from $ 163 million , or 31 cents per share , a year earlier .
Excluding one-time items , Phillips 66 earned $ 1.07 per share . ( Reporting by Taenaz Shakir in Bengaluru )
WASHINGTON , Aug 11 ( Reuters ) - President Trump will call on Monday for their chief trade adviser to investigate China 's intellectual property practices , Politico reported , citing an unnamed administration official .
Trump had been expected to call for a so-called Section 301 investigation under the 1974 Trade Act earlier this month , but action had been postponed as the White House pressed for China 's cooperation in reining in North Korea 's nuclear program .
Politico said it was not clear how much detail Trump would provide in their announcement , but that administration officials expected U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer to open a section 301 probe . ( Reporting by Tim Ahmann ; Editing by Clarence Fernandez )
WASHINGTON , April 20 Brazil 's Finance Minister Henrique Meirelles on Thursday said they were positive about the changes introduced by lawmakers to a pension reform proposal , and that the bill would probably be voted by a congressional committee within ten days .
Meirelles , speaking at an event in Washington , also said that a recent drop in the inflation rate to below the government 's target allows room for the central bank to act . The central bank has cut interest rates by 3 percentage points since October . ( Reporting by Alexandra Alper ; Writing by Silvio Cascione ; editing by Diane Craft )
April 12 Three F Co Ltd :
* Says the company enters into a business combination contract with Lawson , as a step of capital and business alliance formed with Lawson Inc previously
* Says the company plans to transfer partial convenience store business ( operation of 281 stores under the brands of three F , q 's mart and gooz ) to its new wholly owned subsidiary L.TF.PJ ( the new unit ) which will be set up on June 1 and located in Kanagawa prefecture
* Co will split partial rights and obligations in the new unit to Lawson , with transaction amount of 11.7 billion yen
* Co plans to transfer stake to Lawson in co 's unit which was established on Sept. 7 , 2016 , to ensure that co and Lawson will hold a 51 percent stake and a 49 percent stake respectively after transaction
* Lawson will pay 3.3 billion yen accordingly , for the stake transfer
Source text in Japanese : goo.gl/hdj30O ; goo.gl/VKXbWy
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
May 3 Hubspot Inc
* Hubspot , Inc . Announces private offering of $ 300 million of convertible senior notes
* Hubspot Inc - intention to offer , $ 300 million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2022 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
A photo illustration shows a French voter card in front of pictures of the candidates for the French presidential election , April 22 , 2017 . REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol/Illustration
A municipal employee prepares a polling station on the eve of the first round of the French presidential election in Tulle , France , April 22 , 2017 . REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
Municipal employees prepare ballot boxes on the eve of the first round of the French presidential election at a polling station in Tulle , France , April 22 , 2017 . REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
A municipal employee prepares ballot boxes on the eve of the first round of the French presidential election at a polling station in Tulle , France , April 22 , 2017 . REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
PARIS/PAPEETE , French Polynesia French overseas territories and French residents in the United States and Canada began voting on Saturday in France 's presidential election , a day before the main first-round of a poll that could change the global political landscape .
Of nearly 47 million registered French voters , there are fewer than a million resident in far-flung places like French Polynesia in the South Pacific , and Guadeloupe , French Guiana and Martinique in the Caribbean . They vote early so as not to be influenced by the mainland results , due on Sunday evening at around 1800 GMT .
The first round will send two of 11 candidates into a run-off vote in two weeks ' time to pick a new president for France , a core member of the European Union and the NATO alliance , a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council , and the world 's fifth largest economy .
With two anti-globalisation candidates whose policies could break up the EU among the four front-runners , the vote is of major significance to the international political status quo and to investment markets .
Coming after the election of Donald Trump as president of the United States and Britain 's Brexit vote to quit the EU , few experts dare rule out a shock , and all of the likely outcomes will usher in a period of political uncertainty in France .
Polls make centrist and pro-European Emmanuel Macron the favourite , but they have no established party of their own and is a relatively unknown political quantity .
Their three close rivals , according to voting surveys , include the anti-EU , anti-immigration National Front leader Marine Le Pen , who would dump the euro currency and revive the French franc . Far-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon wants France to rip up international trade treaties and quit NATO , while conservative Francois Fillon 's reputation has been sullied by a nepotism scandal .
`` The election of either Le Pen or Melenchon would put Paris on a fast-track collision course with ( EU officials in ) Brussels , '' said James Shields , professor of French politics at Aston University in Britain .
`` The election of Marine Le Pen would make Brexit look trivial by comparison . ''
LONG QUEUE IN MONTREAL
Although pollsters put Le Pen in second place behind Macron in the first round , they are seen as unlikely to win the second . Melenchon , by contrast , could take the presidency according to some scenarios .
Polls in the dying days of the campaign put all the candidates roughly on between a fifth and a quarter of the vote , with around five percentage points or less separating them -- threatening the margin of error for polling companies .
High levels of abstention and indecision are also a key factor .
Voters in the tiny French island of Saint-Pierre and Miquelon , south of Canada 's Newfoundland in the north Atlantic , were first to start voting on Saturday morning .
In other U.S. cities and in Canada , voting took place at French consular offices . In Montreal , voters waited for up to three hours in a queue stretching for over 2 km ( 1.24 miles ) , suggesting a big turnout , French media reported .
Results from ballots cast in the territories and North America will remain sealed until Sunday evening and after polls have closed in mainland France .
France will be voting under tight security with over 50,000 police and other security branches fully mobilised for special election duty .
Security was thrust to the fore of the already acrimonious campaign after a police officer was killed by a suspected Islamist militant in Paris on Thursday .
Le Parisien newspaper said French government security authority the DCSP had circulated a note saying the threat during the elections of a militant attack like the ones that have killed more than 230 people in the past two years in France was a `` constant and pregnant '' one .
Legislative elections are due to follow in June .
( Additional reporting by Elizabeth Pineau and Andrew Callus ; Editing by Andrew Callus and Catherine Evans )
Aug 13 ( Gracenote ) - Results and standings from the Ligue 1 matches on Sunday Sunday , August 13 Dijon FCO 1 Monaco 4 En Avant de Guingamp 0 Paris St Germain 3 Racing Strasbourg 3 Lille 0 Saturday , August 12 Amiens SC 0 Angers SCO 2 Nantes 0 Olympique Marseille 1 Girondins Bordeaux 2 Metz 0 Caen 0 St Etienne 1 Toulouse 1 Montpellier HSC 0 Friday , August 11 Nice 1 ESTAC Troyes 2 Stade Rennes 1 Olympique Lyon 2 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Olympique Lyon 2 2 0 0 6 1 6 2 Paris St Germain 2 2 0 0 5 0 6 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 3 Monaco 2 2 0 0 7 3 6 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 4 Olympique Marseille 2 2 0 0 4 0 6 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 5 St Etienne 2 2 0 0 2 0 6 6 Angers SCO 2 1 1 0 4 2 4 6 Girondins Bordeaux 2 1 1 0 4 2 4 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 8 ESTAC Troyes 2 1 1 0 3 2 4 9 Toulouse 2 1 0 1 3 3 3 10 Lille 2 1 0 1 3 3 3 11 Montpellier HSC 2 1 0 1 1 1 3 12 En Avant de Guingamp 2 1 0 1 3 4 3 13 Racing Strasbourg 2 1 0 1 3 4 3 14 Stade Rennes 2 0 1 1 2 3 1 15 Nice 2 0 0 2 1 3 0 16 Caen 2 0 0 2 0 2 0 17 Metz 2 0 0 2 1 5 0 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 18 Amiens SC 2 0 0 2 0 4 0 18 Nantes 2 0 0 2 0 4 0 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 20 Dijon FCO 2 0 0 2 1 7 0 1-2 : Champions League / EC I 3 : Champions League preliminary round 4 : Europa League 5-7 : Europa League depending on domestic cup 18-19 : Relegation play-off 20 : Relegation
* Tottenham beat Newcastle 2-0 at St James 's Park
* Dele Alli and Ben Davies scored in the second half
* Newcastle had Jonjo Shelvey sent off in the 48th minute
* Former Newcastle midfielder Sissoko jeered by home fans
* England midfielder Alli shone for the visitors
* Tottenham host Chelsea next , Newcastle visit Huddersfield NEWCASTLE UNITED 0 TOTTENHAM HOTSPUR 2
Aug 13 ( Reuters ) - Tottenham Hotspur got their Premier League campaign on track with a clinical 2-0 win at 10-man Newcastle United on Sunday after Dele Alli scored one goal and helped create the other at St James 's Park .
Alli broke the deadlock on the hour after promoted Newcastle had Jonjo Shelvey was sent off in the 48th minute for stomping on the England midfielder and set up the second for left back Ben Davies along with Christian Eriksen .
A tepid contest devoid of goalmouth action in the opening half sprung to life after Shelvey was dismissed for a petulant stomp on Alli , who pulled all the strings for last season 's Premier League runners-up .
They swept home Eriksen 's inch-perfect cross and then helped the Dane carve open the home team 's defence with a quick one-two which left Davies with a simple finish from seven metres .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco 's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia 's ruling family and executives of the kingdom 's state oil company over where to list its shares , the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday .
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS , June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden .
WASHINGTON Dallas Federal Reserve President Robert Kaplan said on Thursday that two more interest rate hikes this year remains possible but that the U.S. central bank has the flexibility to wait and see how the economy unfolds .
`` Three rate increases this year ... is still a good baseline . If the economy develops a little more slowly , then we can do less than that and if the economy is a little stronger , we can do more than that , '' Kaplan said in an interview with Bloomberg TV .
The Fed has already raised its benchmark interest rate once this year , by a quarter percentage point at its last policy meeting in March .
In deciding when to support future rate rises , the Dallas Fed chief noted they were closely watching inflation and that even though it continued to slowly move up , excess capacity in China and technology-enabled disruption of business were both exerting downward pressure .
The central bank has raised interest rates at two of its last three meetings and has already partly turned its attention to tackling the $ 4.5 trillion balance sheet it built up to help spur the economy in the wake of the financial crisis .
Kaplan said that they thought this year could be appropriate to take action to reduce the size of the Fed 's portfolio .
`` As soon as later this year or maybe early next year , we should begin the process of letting the balance sheet roll off , '' they said , adding that any plan should be made public at least a couple of months in advance .
On the size of the reduction , they said the Fed does n't have an `` exact fix '' but `` it 's going to be bigger than the $ 800 billion we used to run . ''
( Reporting by Lindsay Dunsmuir ; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama )
PRECIOUS-Gold turns down after Fed 's plan seen less dovish than expected
* Dollar rebounds from 7-month low after Fed statement * Fed raises interest rates as expected * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns : http : //tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl ( Recasts throughout after Fed statement , updates prices ; adds comment , second byline , NEW YORK dateline ) By Marcy Nicholson and Jan Harvey NEW YORK/LONDON , June 14 Gold turned negative on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve increased interest rates but was less dovish than expected following a two-day meeting , and
BRIEF-BB & T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb & t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent , effective immediately Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
* Brent and WTI crude both back above $ 50 per barrel
* Market supported by expectation of extended supply cut
* But IEA warns market still bloated , supplies plentiful
By Henning Gloystein
SINGAPORE , March 31 Oil prices eased on Friday as traders took profits following three days of straight gains on the expectation that an OPEC-led crude supply cut that was initially supposed to only last for the first half of the year would be extended .
Prices for front-month Brent crude futures , the international benchmark for oil , were at $ 52.83 per barrel at 0134 GMT , down 13 cents from their last close .
In the United States , West Texas Intermediate ( WTI ) crude futures were down 10 cents at $ 50.25 a barrel .
Despite Friday 's dips , crude prices remain over 4 percent higher than they were at the start of the three-day rally on Tuesday .
`` Oil looks to have found a range in the low $ 50s , '' ANZ Bank said on Friday .
Traders said there was a growing sense that the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) and non-OPEC oil production giant Russia would agree to continue their production cut deal seeking to drive prices higher .
OPEC and non-OPEC producers including Russia agreed late last year to cut output by almost 1.8 million barrels per day ( bpd ) during the first half of the year in order to rein in a global supply overhang and prop up prices .
But so far , alternative oil supplies , including from the United States where production is soaring C-OUT-T-EIA , and doubts that Russia was complying with its promised cuts , have prevented the market from re-balancing .
Still , over the past week , a growing consensus has emerged that the supply cut would be extended into the second half of the year - and that Russia would increasingly comply .
`` The changed thoughts about Russia 's role in the market reinforce ... ( the idea ) that a deal between OPEC and Russia is in the offing , '' said Greg McKenna , chief market strategist at futures brokerage AxiTrader .
Despite this , there remains doubt that the output cuts will go deep enough for the world 's bloated markets to tighten soon and significantly lift prices , especially as other producers that are not part of the agreement could step in to fill the supply gap .
`` There is a tremendous amount of stock in the markets and to expect a major increase in the price is not very realistic , '' the International Energy Agency 's ( IEA ) executive director Fatih Birol told Reuters on Thursday .
`` If we see the prices go up as a result of any push from the producer ... we will see more oil coming to the market , not just from the U.S. ; we will also see Brazilian and Canadian oil coming to the market , '' they added .
( Reporting by Henning Gloystein ; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell )
MOSCOW , March 29 The completion stage of the deal to acquire Indian oil refiner Essar Oil , led by Russian oil company Rosneft , will start on March 31 , Yuri Soloviev , first deputy CEO of Russia 's VTB bank , said on Wednesday .
`` We hope to finish it this week , it will take 19 days to settle all the payments , '' they told reporters , adding that the deal required approval from 18 Indian banks .
Rosneft will acquire a 49 percent stake in Essar and another 49 percent will be shared between commodities trader Trafigura and Russian private investment group United Capital Partners . VTB is involved in the financing of the deal . ( Reporting by Kira Zavyalova ; writing by Vladimir Soldatkin ; Editing by Jack Stubbs )
LONDON England 's new test captain Joe Root will seek to bolster their leadership skills with big scores and has promised to ensure the side are better prepared to defend the Ashes in Australia than they were on the previous trip .
Root has emerged as England 's batting mainstay since their debut in 2012 and took over as skipper last month after Alastair Cook stepped down from the role following the side 's 4-0 loss in the five-test series in India at the end of 2016 .
Root was also part of the squad that were blanked 5-0 in Australia in 2013-14 and the form of the world 's third-ranked test batsman will be crucial if England are to hold on to the Ashes trophy they regained with a 3-2 win at home in 2015 .
The Yorkshireman said that the extra responsibility did not mean they would be neglecting their own batting duties and that they had opened their ears to plenty of useful advice .
`` The one thing that 's really stuck out is 'just make sure you look after your own game and concentrate on scoring as many runs as possible ' , '' they told the British media .
`` That might come across as quite selfish . But I think it 's going to be very important for me , mentally as well , to put in the work and set the right example when the opportunities arise . ''
Australia captain Steve Smith and New Zealand skipper Kane Williamson are the batsmen ahead of Root in the world test rankings , while India 's Virat Kohli has also flourished as a leading batsman in charge of their national side .
`` They are great examples of taking that responsibility and making it a real asset to their games , '' said Root , who will captain England for the first time against South Africa at Lord 's on July 6 .
`` It 's a good opportunity for me to do exactly the same . In the past , the more responsibility I 've been given , I 've generally responded well to it . Hopefully that will be the same , '' the 26-year-old added .
Root was 22 during England 's last trip to Australia and had a largely forgettable series , during which they averaged 27.42 before they were dropped following the fourth test .
`` That first test match at Brisbane , when I walked out to bat , I think it did it hit me quite hard , '' Root said .
`` It was like I walked into a conservatory door : I was not aware at all that it was there . But I will be slightly more aware this time . I wo n't be caught cold . I know what to expect from what can be quite a hostile environment .
`` I think it 's very important that the guys that have n't been there get a good idea of what it can be like . They should n't be afraid of it . They should try to embrace it and enjoy it . ''
( Writing by Sudipto Ganguly in Mumbai ; Editing by John O'Brien )
Two people died yesterday as they were swept away while trying to cross a flooded river in the Waitakere Ranges .
Police said three in the group of five trampers survived the accident near Cascade Falls . One was rescued and taken to Waitakere Hospital , another who made it to safety was also taken to hospital with minor injuries and the fifth was uninjured .
The flooding was caused by torrential rain , which also sparked evacuations of about 100 people in Piha .
About 20 others were stranded by rising waters on a nearby walking track , `` shivering uncontrollably '' and huddling together for warmth .
Advertisement
One member of the group , a mountain runner from Canada , ran different tracks until they found a way out that was n't flooded , so the group could make their way to safety .
Flooding at Te Henga Rd . Photo / Michael Craig
In Piha , fire and police personnel evacuated about 100 people from homes around Glenesk , Seaview and Beach Valley Rds when a rising stream threatened to flood properties .
People were evacuated to the nearby surf club and campground .
Piha resident Bevan Hill said the art gallery was flooded as well as the campground .
`` There 's a lot of people saying they 've never seen anything like it . The river coming out on Piha beach is incredible . It 's like the Waikato River flowing out there . '' Hill said there was `` water everywhere '' and they had water coming in their front door on Garden Rd .
`` A lot of wet and soggy campers '' were packing items into their cars , and a few tents had ended up underwater .
`` It all happened so quickly . ''
Fire service , Police and Westpac Rescue chopper conduct search and body recovery .
Debbie Leigh from the Piha RSA said people were reporting cars drifting in the floodwaters .
Phil Wallis from the Piha Surf School said friends of theirs had taken pictures of cars floating in floodwaters , with the water rising up to the sills inside the cars .
Meanwhile , Colin Ennor was among a group of about 20 stranded on Winstone Track off Piha Rd after flash floods cut them off from the carpark .
They said what was meant to be a gentle 30-minute walk to the Kitekite Falls in jandals and T-shirts turned into a `` three-hour experience of survival '' .
The low , nearly dry creek they 'd crossed to get to the waterfall had turned to a raging torrent in less than an hour .
`` The river had risen so high that there was no way out . The river was above your head if you even tried to get through it . ''
A washed out bridge near Falls Rd . Photo / Brittany Keogh
Ennor and their group banded together with strangers . They spent several hours trying to find a way out .
`` Every way we went to walk was completely blocked by flooding . ''
The group spent an hour trying to find cellphone reception to call for rescue , and only one person 's phone was able to get even a single bar .
Police said they eventually found a safe route out of the bush and walked towards Glenesk Rd .
And police said 50 people were caught out by the floodwaters at a wedding venue on Bethells Rd .
The people were at a wedding reception at Flaxmere House . Police and fire attended but did not have to take any action because the water receded .
Auckland Tramping Club president Tony Walton said people should not cross a river if they could not see the bottom or if the water was running faster than walking pace .
`` If it 's a swollen river you just do n't go crossing it . ''
The MetService forecast for today is occasional rain , with possible downpours in the afternoon or evening . More heavy rain is possible tomorrow .
April 20 Rent-a-center Inc
* Rent-A-Center Inc - Core U.S. same store sales down 9.6 percent for March
* Rent-A-Center Inc - March core U.S. delinquencies 6.1 % and 140 basis points favorable versus prior month
* Rent-A-Center Inc - Acceptance now same store sales up 12.4 percent in March
* Rent-A-Center Inc - March core U.S. co-worker turnover 83.7 % and 10.4 percentage points favorable versus prior year Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Kamloops RCMP are looking for the woman they believed stabbed a man on Sunday
Police were sent to Cowichan Secondary School Friday morning after anonymous online threats were made . ( File photo )
Kamloops RCMP are looking for a woman who allegedly stabbed a man on Sunday .
On Dec. 10 at about 9 p.m. , Kamloops RCMP received a report that a man had been stabbed on Seymour Street .
Cpl . Jodi Shelkie says reports indicate the man left the Seymour Street 7-11 followed by a woman on a BMX bike claiming they owed them money .
“ A male , associated to the female on the bike , was following behind , walking on foot , ” says Shelkie .
“ When the male did not produce any money , the female allegedly stabbed them in the back with a knife . The victim fled with the female and male following until they went into a store on Victoria Street and emergency services were called . ”
The victim was transported to a local medical facility with a non-life-threatening stab wound .
The suspect is described as having blonde , shoulder-length hair .
There is no description of the male that was with them
If you have any information about this occurrence or can identify the female suspect , please contact the Kamloops RCMP at 25-828-3000 or Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477 .
To report a typo , email :
newstips @ saobserver.net .
@ carmenweld
carmen.weld @ bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
* KOSPI index down nearly 1 pct , foreigners sell * Korean won weaker against U.S. dollar * South Korea bond yields higher SEOUL , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Round-up of South Korean financial markets : * * South Korea 's KOSPI stock index slipped on Friday . The Korean won edged down in the local platform while bond yields rose . * * At 01:08 GMT , the KOSPI was down 23.25 points , or 0.91 percent , at 2,545.29 . The benchmark index tumbled on heavy foreign selling while a more than 3 percent slide in market heavyweight Samsung Electronics shares gave additional pressure . * * The won was quoted at 1,072.8 per dollar on the onshore settlement platform , 0.08 percent weaker than its previous close at 1,071.9 . * * In offshore trading , the won was quoted at 1,073 per U.S. dollar , down 0.29 percent from the previous day , while in one-year non-deliverable forwards it was traded at 1,062.5 per dollar . * * MSCI 's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down 0.15 percent , after U.S. stocks ended the previous session mostly lower . Japanese stocks weakened 1.02 percent . * * The KOSPI is up around 4.1 percent so far this year , and up 3.49 percent in the previous 30 days . * * The current price-to-earnings ratio is 12.10 , the dividend yield is 1.28 percent and the market capitalisation is 1,242.04 trillion won . * * The trading volume during the session on the KOSPI index was 158,485,000 shares , and of the total traded issues of 880 , the number of advancing shares was 256 . * * Foreigners were net sellers of 121,706 million won worth of shares . * * The U.S dollar has risen 0.62 percent against the won this year . The won 's high for the year is 1,056.67 per dollar on January 14 2018 and low is 1,077.2 on January 23 2018 . * * In money and debt markets , March futures on three-year treasury bonds fell 0.11 points to 107.41 . * * The Korean 3-month Certificate of Deposit benchmark rate was quoted at 1.65 percent , while the benchmark 3-year Korean treasury bond yielded 2.291 percent , higher than the previous day 's 2.25 percent . ( Reporting by Dahee Kim ; Editing by Sam Holmes )
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead , including gunman , in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday , killing three people before fatally shooting themselves as officers closed in .
MANCHESTER , England ( Reuters ) - Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola took a big step towards their first trophy in English football with a 2-1 derby win over Manchester United on Sunday which sent their team 11 points clear at the top of the Premier League .
Guardiola , who won three Spanish league titles and two Champions League crowns during their time with Barcelona and then won three Bundesliga titles with Bayern Munich , had faced questions about whether their trademark possession style would work in England .
City finished 15 points behind Chelsea in third place last season but it will take a major collapse for them to not win this season 's championship .
“ We can play this way in England . People said we could n't play the way we did in Barcelona in England but it is possible and we did it , ” Guardiola said after the victory at Old Trafford .
“ I knew that last season . Always I believed we could do it . Everyone can play how they want , that 's why football is so beautiful . I 'm happy to go to Stamford Bridge and Old Trafford and to beat them in this way , ” they said .
“ Football is incredible . We spoke about how to play United but never set-pieces offensively , and then we score two . Football is unpredictable , ” they said .
Despite the points gap , Guardiola was quick to make clear that the title race was far from over .
“ This win means a lot in the way we played for our confidence but in three days we go to Swansea in the winter time . We are going to face a lot of difficulties . In December it 's impossible to be champions but it 's good for us , ” they said .
The Spaniard also responded to comments from their United counterpart Jose Mourinho who had blamed the referee 's failure to give their team a penalty for the loss .
“ Last season it was the same –- we won here and it was the referee . Today as well . Yesterday they spoke about the referee . We are an honest team . We had 75 percent ball possession , which means we wanted to play . We came here and did that , ” they said .
“ We won because we were better in all departments ” .
April 13 Staffing 360 Solutions Inc
* Revenue was $ 183.5 million for twelve months to December 31 , 2016 , up 27.1 percent
* Staffing 360 Solutions - for 12 months to Dec 31 , 2016 , net loss attributable to common stock decreased to $ 8.1 million versus net loss of $ 9.4 million Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
For the second time in their life , Mackenzie Peddle was nearly killed when an unsecured object fell out of another vehicle and bounced right through their windshield . Roughly a decade ago , it was a piece of steel rebar — this time , it was an ax . The rebar left them with a nicked shoulder and some glass in their face . Thanks to a blow to the head , the ax left them with short-term memory loss and a blood-stained Ford F-150 According to the CBC , Peddle was driving home in Saskatchewan , Canada . The last thing they remember was passing a potash mine . Roughly an hour later , Peddle was awakened by the sound of a woman tapping on the window of their truck . The truck was parked on the side of the road , and the woman had stopped to see if they needed help . Peddle 's foot was on the brake , but they have no memory of how they managed to pull the truck over.Police are investigating the accident but currently have no leads . No one was ever found to be at fault with the rebar , either.Peddle 's wife said they should mount the ax on their wall . They may not want the reminder hanging around . They told the CBC that they tense up now whenever a bit of gravel hits the windshield . Two near-death accidents are sure to cause some PTSD.Take note of all of Peddle 's incredible photos of both close calls in the gallery above.Since the accident , a number of people have contacted Peddle with their own stories . He 's frustrated that this seems to be a relatively common occurrence.More than 200,000 crashes involved debris on U.S. roadways in just a four-year period , according to a 2015 study by the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety . Road debris resulted in approximately 39,000 injuries and more than 500 deaths between 2011 and 2014 AAA urges drivers to properly secure their loads directly to a vehicle with sturdy tarps , straps , netting or rope . Also , ensure your exhaust systems are not rusted , as mufflers and exhaust pipes that break off are a common source of debris.And with pickup sales skyrocketing and more people driving trucks than ever before , it 's even more important to properly secure your load . One good pothole and that unsecured cargo could bounce right out of your truck .
Ex-Visium fund manager sentenced to 18 months after fraud conviction
June 14 A former portfolio manager at Visium Asset Management LP was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Wednesday following their conviction on securities fraud charges stemming from an investigation that led the New York-based hedge fund to close last year .
( Updates with European shares ' close )
* Wall Street boosted by earnings
* Euro shorts close positions , traders say
By Rodrigo Campos
NEW YORK , April 20 The euro and stocks on major markets recovered on Thursday as a market-friendly presidential candidate held the lead ahead of Sunday 's first-round election in France , while the yen and U.S. Treasury debt prices weakened .
Former French finance minister , Emmanuel Macron , remained atop the polls for Sunday 's French vote , but the election is still a four-way battle in the first round on April 23 . Should Macron rank first or second in Sunday 's poll , they are seen easily winning the runoff vote on May 7 after remaining candidates are eliminated .
However , after surprises in last year 's U.S. election and the UK Brexit referendum , voter indecision and low turnout could catch markets wrong-footed yet again .
France 's CAC stock index jumped 1.5 percent , its strongest daily performance since March 1 .
On Wall Street , stocks rose as traders continued to bet on a strong earnings reporting season . Profit expectations have risen in the last two weeks and S & P 500 company earnings now are expected to have gained 11.1 percent in the first quarter .
`` They really are just focusing now on the micro , which they should be , on the earnings and what the earnings are saying , '' said Ken Polcari , director of the NYSE floor division at O'Neil Securities in New York .
`` Investors are putting the geopolitical stuff to the back of the bus at the moment and they are really focusing on what they should be . ''
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 198.03 points , or 0.97 percent , to 20,602.52 , the S & P 500 had gained 20.45 points , or 0.87 percent , to 2,358.62 and the Nasdaq Composite had added 58.02 points , or 0.99 percent , to 5,921.06 .
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index ended up 0.2 percent and MSCI 's gauge of stocks across the globe gained 0.62 percent .
Emerging market stocks rose 0.55 percent .
EURO JUMPS
Currency traders said short-term players were closing out positions taken in anticipation of euro weakness before the French election , emboldened by the steady stream of polls confirming that centrist Macron would lead returns on Sunday .
`` Short euro is still one of the larger positions out there . No risk on the table means take some of that off , '' said BMO strategist Stephen Gallo .
`` ( But ) there is still no fundamental reason for the euro to be rising here . ''
The U.S. dollar index rose 0.04 percent , with the euro up 0.1 percent to $ 1.072 .
The Japanese yen weakened 0.39 percent versus the greenback at 109.31 per dollar , while Sterling was last trading at $ 1.2809 , up 0.25 percent on the day .
Oil prices fell further after Wednesday 's steep losses , with rising U.S. production weighing against comments from leading Gulf oil producers that an extension to OPEC-led supply cuts was likely .
U.S. crude fell 0.22 percent to $ 50.74 per barrel and Brent was last at $ 53.02 , up 0.17 percent on the day .
U.S. Treasury yields rose as investors waited on the results from the French election , after the 10-year yield earlier failed to break below key technical resistance at 2.19 percent .
Benchmark 10-year notes last fell 10/32 in price to yield 2.2356 percent , from 2.202 percent late on Wednesday .
Spot gold added 0.1 percent to $ 1,280.66 an ounce . U.S. gold futures fell 0.05 percent to $ 1,282.70 an ounce .
Copper rose 1.43 percent to $ 5,635.50 a tonne .
( Additional reporting by Caroline Valetkevitch , Chuck Mikolajczak and Karen Brettell in New York , Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru , Libby George and Patrick Graham in London ; Editing by Nick Zieminski )
Gardaí issue parking warning ahead of Munster U21 final in Cork
04 July 2018
GAA fans who park illegally or dangerously while attending the under 21 Munster hurling final clash in Cork 's Pairc Ui Chaoimh tonight will face fines and penalty points .
In a stark pre-game warning , gardai say they will prosecute any parking breaches and will tow any vehicle parked illegally or dangerously in the area .
It follows a series of complaints from some local residents and public representatives in relation to traffic and parking issues in estates around the stadium during some recent big matches .
Cllr Terry Shannon told the last meeting of the Cork City Joint Policing Committee that some of the parking was now a “ threat to public safety ” .
Ahead of tonight 's clash between Cork and Tipperary , gardai said they will prosecute any parking breaches in the area , they will tow vehicles to a garda compound , and will issue parking tickets .
The release fee for vehicles is €150 , they said the parking tickets will be issued electronically , and should be received in the post within 21 days , and they warned that motorists who park dangerously face three penalty points if the fine is paid , or five penalty points if convicted in court .
With throw-in at 7.30pm , and Canadian rocker Alanis Morissette performing at Live at the Marquee , right next to the stadium , at 8pm , the Ballintemple and Blackrock areas will be very busy tonight .
There is no parking at or near the stadium . People have been advised to avail of public transport , or to park in the city and walk to the stadium or concert venue .
Share it :
Do n't Miss
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
April 12 Most Southeast Asian stocks settled higher on Wednesday as energy shares climbed on reports that Saudi Arabia was lobbying oil producers to extend an output cut , but the rising geopolitical woes curbed gains . Brent oil extended gains into an eighth straight session on Wednesday , having recovered nearly all last month 's losses , after Saudi Arabia was said to be pushing its fellow OPEC members and some rivals to prolong supply cuts beyond June . However , heightened geopolitical tensions kept a lid on gains , dampening an otherwise bright outlook for global economic growth encouraging momentum in export-reliant Asia . North Korean state media warned of a nuclear attack on the United States at any sign of American aggression , as a U.S. Navy strike group steamed toward the western Pacific . Meanwhile , U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was in Moscow to denounce Russian support for Syria 's Bashar al-Assad , raising the stakes in the Middle East . Thailand climbed to post its highest close since Feb. 10 , pulled up by energy stocks . PTT Pcl gained 0.8 percent , while Energy Absolute Pcl surged 3.8 percent . Malaysia was the biggest gainer in the region , hitting a one-week closing high , with telecom stocks buoying the index . Telecom company Axiata Group Bhd ended 2.2 percent higher . Singapore shares reversed early losses to post their best closing in more than a week , boosted by financials , with Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp gaining 1.2 percent . Meanwhile , Vietnam shares dropped 0.8 percent , dragged by consumer stocks . `` Minor movements suggest a very mixed view with some investors happy to buy on dips as they expect a positive Q1 earnings season and good news on FOL ( foreign ownership limit ) from some companies at the upcoming AGMs ( annual general meeting ) , '' said Fiachra Mac Cana , head of research , Ho Chi Minh Securities . For Asian Companies click ; SOUTHEAST ASIAN STOCK MARKETS : Change on day Market Current Prev close Pct Move Singapore 3186.01 3174.75 0.35 Bangkok 1589.5 1582.78 0.42 Manila 7629.64 7601.4 0.37 Jakarta 5644.155 5627.933 0.29 Kuala Lumpur 1744.08 1735.84 0.47 Ho Chi Minh 725.58 731.33 -0.79 Change on year Market Current End 2016 Pct Move Singapore 3186.01 2880.76 10.60 Bangkok 1589.5 1542.94 3.02 Manila 7629.64 6840.64 11.5 Jakarta 5644.155 5296.711 6.56 Kuala Lumpur 1744.08 1641.73 6.23 Ho Chi Minh 725.58 664.87 9.1 ( Reporting by Krishna V Kurup in Bengaluru ; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips )
UPDATE 2-Daimler invests in ride-hailing firm Careem 's latest funding round
DUBAI , June 15 Dubai-based ride hailing firm Careem will step up expansion into new markets after raising $ 150 million from investors , including German carmaker Daimler and Saudi Arabia 's Kingdom Holding .
March 30 Opera Software Asa CEO Lars Boilesen told Reuters :
* Opera Software 's `` medium-term '' goal of revenues above $ 1 billion refers to 2019 or 2020 , depending on how quickly the AdColony unit grows
* `` We 're in the process of going live with the new platform , and when that 's operational and begins to scale up , we expect it to grow by more than 20 percent per year ... if it becomes operational this year , we 'll reach $ 1 billion in 2019 , if it takes longer time ... then it could be in 2020 . That 's what we mean by medium term . '' Further company coverage : ( Reporting By Ole Petter Skonnord , editing by Camilla Knudsen and Terje Solsvik )
BRIEF-Tigenix partners with U.S. and european patient advocacy groups
* REG-TIGENIX PARTNERS WITH U.S. AND EUROPEAN PATIENT ADVOCACY GROUPS FOCUSED ON CROHN 'S DISEASE AND ULCERATIVE COLITIS Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
April 10 Syngenta Ag
* Says acquisition of Syngenta by ChemChina approved by Mexican competition authority
* Says represents a further step towards the closing of the transaction , which is expected to take place in the second quarter of 2017 Source text for Eikon : [ here ] Further company coverage : ( Reporting By Zurich newsroom )
Take a look at some of the work featured in Portland 's Lebowskiland show .
Even two decades after it was first released in cinemas , the Coen brothers ' cult movie The Big Lebowski is still a classic . Have you ever been able to drink a White Russian in quite the same way ?
This year marks the 20th anniversary of its debut , and Land art gallery in Portland , USA , is hosting an exhibition in honour , with more than 50 local artists contributing work .
The space , in the city 's historic Mississippi neighbourhood , serves as a hub for showcasing artistic talent from the Pacific Northwest and runs around 12 shows per year .
Here 's a sneak preview of pieces featured in Lebowskiland , which runs until July 22 .
( Pat Castaldo/Lebowskiland/PA )
( Pat Castaldo/Lebowskiland/PA )
( Pat Castaldo/PA )
( Pat Castaldo/PA )
For more information on the destination , visit TravelPortland.com
© Press Association 2018
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
SPENCER , Mass . ( AP ) — Firefighters in Massachusetts responded to a fast food restaurant over the weekend to free a young girl who got stuck in the playground .
The Telegram & Gazette reports that firefighters responded to a McDonald 's in Spencer at around 8 p.m. Sunday .
Firefighters say they needed a ladder to reach the girl , who was stuck 10 to 12 feet ( 3 to 4 meters ) in the air . Police say it took a cutting tool and about 30 minutes to free them
Police think the girl suffered a dislocated knee . They were taken to a hospital for treatment .
Advertisement
Them name and age were not released , and it is unclear how they became trapped .
___
Information from : Telegram & Gazette ( Worcester , Mass . ) , http : //www.telegram.com
May 3 Sprint Corp reported a smaller quarterly loss on Wednesday , as the No . 4 U.S. wireless carrier added more postpaid phone subscribers .
The company , majority owned by Japan 's SoftBank Corp , said net loss narrowed to $ 283 million , or 7 cents per share in the fourth quarter ended March 31 , from $ 554 million , or 14 cents per share , a year earlier .
Net operating revenue rose 5.8 percent to $ 8.54 billion . ( Reporting by Laharee Chatterjee in Bengaluru ; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar )
April 10 Bw Offshore Ltd :
* BW Energy Gabon Pte . Ltd , a subsidiary of BW Offshore , has completed the acquisition of 100 percent interest in Harvest Dussafu B.V. from Harvest Energia B.V. , a wholly-owned subsidiary of Harvest Natural Resources
* Closing is in line with the terms and conditions previouslycommunicated in the stock exchange release made on Dec , 22 2016
* Following the abovementioned closing , BWEG holds a 66.66 % working interest in the Dussafu production sharing contract , while Panoro Energy ASA holds the remaining 33.33 %
* BW Offshore and Panoro Energy ASA are working towards closing of the acquisition of a further 25 % working interest in the Dussafu licence Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Reporting By Camilla Knudsen )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
TOKYO ( AP ) — Thirteen Japanese cult members may be sent to the gallows any day now for a deadly 1995 gas attack on the Tokyo subway system and other crimes . But when is uncertain . Such is the secrecy that surrounds Japan 's death penalty system .
Tuesday marks 23 years since members of the Aum Shinrikyo cult punctured plastic bags to release sarin nerve gas inside subway cars , sickening thousands and killing 13 . Cult leader Shoko Asahara and a dozen followers have been sentenced to death for that and other crimes that killed 27 in all .
The relocation of seven of them to five detention centers outside of Tokyo last week has sparked speculation that executions could be imminent . In Japan , accomplices in a crime are customarily hanged on the same day . Ten of those on death row were convicted for the subway attack , a number beyond the Tokyo detention center 's daily capacity .
As with all executions in Japan , when and where they will be killed is n't being released , even to family members and lawyers . The executions wo n't be announced until they have already happened .
Advertisement
Shizue Takahashi , the wife of a subway stationmaster who died in the gas attack , asked the Justice Ministry for a chance to meet the convicts and witness their executions . `` I want to follow through to the very end , '' Takahashi said at a recent news conference .
Them wish is unlikely to be granted .
Even prisoners sent to the gallows are not notified until guards come to their cells in the morning . After a chat with a chaplain , a last bite or smoke , the prisoner is taken to the gallows .
If all 10 subway attack convicts are hanged , it would be the second-largest number executed on a single day in Japan 's modern history . Japan on Jan. 24 , 1911 , hanged 11 political prisoners who allegedly plotted to assassinate the emperor .
Some survivors of the cult 's crimes oppose the executions because that would eliminate hopes for a fuller explanation of the crimes .
Asahara talked incoherently , occasionally babbling in broken English , during their eight-year trial and never acknowledged their responsibility or offered meaningful explanations .
Born Chizuo Matsumoto , they have been on death row for nearly 14 years . Their family says they are a broken man , constantly wetting and soiling the floor in their cell and not communicating with their family or lawyers .
Their 34-year-old daughter , Rika Matsumoto , said they do n't understand their punishment and needs treatment so they can recover and talk . `` I just want to hear my father explain in their own words , '' they tweeted recently .
Some of the condemned have expressed regret and contributed to anti-terrorism measures . Shoko Egawa , a journalist who has covered the cult 's crimes from early on , has proposed keeping them alive so they can provide lessons to a world facing the growing threat of extremism .
Experts on the cult also warn that if they are executed , the members would be glorified as martyrs by cult remnants , likely bolstering their worship of Asahara .
Founded in 1984 , the group attracted many young people , even graduates of top universities , whom Asahara hand-picked as close aides .
The cult amassed an arsenal of chemical , biological and conventional weapons to carry out Asahara 's escalating criminal orders in anticipation of an apocalyptic showdown with the government .
The cult claimed 10,000 members in Japan and 30,000 in Russia . It has disbanded , though nearly 2,000 people follow its rituals in three splinter groups , monitored by authorities .
___
Follow Mari Yamaguchi on Twitter at www.twitter.com/mariyamaguchi
Find their work at https : //www.apnews.com/search/mari % 20yamaguchi
( Advisory to clients : Ecuadorean laws prohibit the publishing of polls in the country 10 days before the election )
By Alexandra Ulmer and Alexandra Valencia
QUITO , March 30 An ally of leftist President Rafael Correa and a right-wing former bank boss are battling to become Ecuador 's next president in Sunday 's election after a tense and tight campaign in the historically volatile Andean nation .
With a sputtering economy the top voter concern , Ecuadoreans will choose between continuing a decade of leftist rule or following several South American nations in shifting towards a more pro-business government as a commodities boom ends .
Lenin Moreno , 64 , a paraplegic former vice-president , just missed the minimum threshold to win the presidency in the first round in February , and latest polls show them narrowly beating conservative rival Guillermo Lasso this time around .
Moreno , who uses a wheelchair since being shot during a robbery in 1998 , has promised to boost social benefits to single mothers , pensioners and the disabled .
They paint their opponent as an elitist who would slash welfare policies and links them to a 1999 financial crisis when hundreds of thousands of Ecuadoreans lost their savings .
`` We 've come so far . Now we 're going to improve further , '' Moreno told crowds at a recent rally in Ecuador 's sweltering coastal region .
`` Say no the banker ! '' they also said of Lasso , whom foes accuse of using shady offshore holdings to dodge taxes . `` ( He ) wants to submit Ecuadoreans to instability and permanent conflict . ''
Lasso , a 61-year-old former head of Banco de Guayaquil who has campaigned on boosting jobs , retorts Moreno is recklessly over-promising considering Ecuador 's highly indebted economy .
They also accuse the ruling Country Alliance party of covering up corruption scandals , stifling media , and stacking institutions with their supporters .
`` Say no to those who want to turn us into Venezuela ! '' Lasso told hundreds of cheering supporters during their closing speech in a low-income part of Quito on Wednesday , alluding to food shortages and spiraling inflation under Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro , a Correa ally .
In addition to vowing a tough line against Maduro , Lasso has also promised to remove Wikileaks founder Julian Assange from the Ecuadorean embassy in London .
Polls show Moreno has pulled ahead of Lasso in the last weeks . They had 52.4 percent of valid votes versus Lasso 's 47.6 percent in a 18-21 March survey by leading pollster Cedatos with a margin of error of 3.4 percentage points and some 16 percent of voters still undecided .
For a factbox on the candidates , please see :
ECUADOR ON EDGE
With both camps urging supporters to take to the streets to guard against possible fraud , the nation of 16 million is bracing for protests after a decade of relative stability .
Three of eight presidents were toppled in the decade before Correa came to power in 2007 . While Correa brought calm to the smallest member of OPEC , opponents accuse them of morphing into an autocrat .
Hundreds of suspicious Lasso supporters massed in front of the electoral council after results were slow to trickle out in February 's first round . And Lasso accused government-paid thugs of trying to attack them with rocks , sticks , and knives after a soccer game on Tuesday . The government rejected the accusation .
Should Lasso win , they could also face trouble governing , as the ruling leftist party has a majority in Congress .
`` Opposition to their policies will be relatively high right off the bat , '' Eurasia analyst Risa Grais-Targow in a note to clients .
`` Lasso would try to move quickly towards more orthodox macroeconomic policies aimed at attracting foreign direct investment , including a reduction in corporate taxes , eliminating the tax on capital outflows , eliminating emergency tariffs , and engaging with the IMF and other multi-laterals . ''
While Moreno , a soft-spoken former U.N. envoy on disability , has a more moderate style than Correa , observers question how much autonomy they will have . A depressed economy and uncertainty over how they will finance their raft of promised benefits could also lead to early trouble .
Either way , both presidents will have to wrestle with strong voter demand for jobs .
`` Even when we go out to look for work , we ca n't find any , '' said construction worker Marco Manotoa , 23 , who has been unemployed for three months and plans to vote Lasso . `` The country needs change . ''
The new president will take office on May 24 for a four-year term .
( Writing by Alexandra Ulmer ; Editing by Andrew Cawthorne and Alistair Bell )
SYDNEY Australia 's central bank is strongly expected to hold its cash rate at a record low of 1.5 percent at its monthly policy meeting next week , a Reuters poll of economists found .
All 65 economists polled by Reuters forecast the Reserve Bank of Australia ( RBA ) would stand pat on May 2 , following two rate cuts last year .
While the majority predicted a steady rate outlook on a one-year horizon , 23 respondents out of 56 forecasts an interest rate hike by mid-next year , versus four seeing an easing .
Economists were asked what the cash rate would be after the next RBA meeting on May 2 and where rates would be at the end of June 2018 .
( Reporting by Cecile Lefort ; Editing by Sam Holmes )
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG , June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League ( CSL ) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career .
A train carriage damaged from an explosion , is seen at Tekhnologicheskiy institut metro station in St. Petersburg , Russia . REUTERS/Mikhail Ognev/Fontanka.ru
MOSCOW A suicide bomber was responsible for the deadly blast in the St Petersburg metro on Monday , a law enforcement source told Interfax , citing preliminary information .
The source also told Interfax that authorities had established the identity of the suspected suicide bomber and that the suspect was a 23-year-old from central Asia who had carried an explosive device into the St Petersburg metro in a rucksack .
A man who was captured on surveillance cameras and earlier suspected of a role in the blast came forward to police and said that they played no role , Interfax reported .
Separately , Russian news agencies reported that President Vladimir Putin had met with security services over the incident and laid flowers at the metro station where the blast happened .
( Reporting by Alexander Winning ; Editing by Alison Williams )
BRIEF-Atos wins contract with GENCI
* CONTRACT AIMS TO DELIVER ONE OF MOST POWERFUL SUPERCOMPUTERS IN WORLD , PLANNED FOR END OF 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
( ADVISORY- Follow European and UK stock markets in real time on the Reuters Live Markets blog on Eikon , see cpurl : //apps.cp./cms/ ? pageId=livemarkets )
* FTSE 100 up 0.4 pct
* BP bounces after Q1
* Ocado jumps after M & A tie-up report
* Precious metals miners lose shine
By Kit Rees
LONDON , May 2 Britain 's top share index rose on Tuesday , with well-received results from heavyweight BP helping underpin gains in a positive start to the first trading day of the month .
The blue chip FTSE 100 index was up 0.4 percent at 7,235.30 points by 0855 GMT , in line with a broadly positive European market .
Oil major BP was among standout performers , its shares up 1.8 percent after its profit nearly tripled in the first quarter of 2017 .
Higher oil prices and production helped BP report a first-quarter underlying replacement cost profit , the company 's definition of net income , of $ 1.51 billion , beating analysts ' average forecast of $ 1.26 billion .
`` The broader theme is that BP is looking in better shape because of the higher oil price , and while oil prices hold their ground , BP , alongside with all of the other oil companies are going to benefit , '' Jasper Lawler , senior market analyst at London Capital Group , said .
`` Part of the attraction with BP is that they started the cost cutting before some of the big oil majors because of Deepwater ( Horizon ) , but now as the oil price does continue to hold up , maybe you do n't necessarily want as much cost cutting anymore , you want to start expanding , '' Lawler added , referring to BP 's deadly Gulf of Mexico oil spill in 2010 .
Precious metals miners were on the backfoot , however , with both Fresnillo and Randgold Resources dropping 2.6 percent after the price of gold , considered a 'safe haven ' asset , held near three-week lows as equities rallied and the dollar gained .
Banking stocks Barclays and Standard Chartered were also weaker , as were miners Glencore and Anglo American .
Outside of the blue chips , online supermarket Ocado jumped 6.7 percent after a media report said that the company was exploring a delivery tie-up with Marks & Spencer .
Earnings also drove shares in Aberdeen Asset Management , which rose 3.4 percent after it reported a 10.6 percent rise in first-half revenues , boosted by market gains and cost cuts . It also saw a slowdown in the pace of outflows from its funds , a boost as the company prepares to merge with blue chip peer Standard Life , whose shares rose 2.4 percent .
Just Eat fell more than 4 percent , however , after reporting first quarter results , with UK order growth in particular disappointing .
`` A tough quarter for ( Just Eat ) , hard comps and some operational issues evident . Given that , a solid outcome , investor sentiment may home in on the UK and +16.5 % order growth , consistent with the FY17 guide , '' David Reynolds , equity analyst at Jefferies , said in a note . ( Reporting by Kit Rees ; Editing by Susan Fenton )
April 20 SDL Plc :
* Disposal of social intelligence
* Announces an agreement to sell its social intelligence activities to Social Data Intelligence LLC
* Completion of transaction is expected on May 2 , 2017
* Immediate cash consideration for social intelligence business disposal is 1 stg
* Has agreed to subscribe for a $ 1 million unsecured 2027 loan note issued by SDIL Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Bengaluru Newsroom : +91 806 749 1136 )
April 3 Silicom Ltd
* Silicom Ltd says has secured a first design win for several versions of its bypass cards from a cybersecurity customer
* Silicom Ltd says shipments against design win are expected to ramp up to approximately $ 1 million per year
* Silicom Ltd says customer is considering potential use of Silicom 's vCPE appliances as part of its cloud offering Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
April 20 Verizon Communications Inc , the No . 1 U.S. wireless carrier , reported a 20 percent fall in quarterly profit as it lost wireless postpaid subscribers despite the re-launch of unlimited data plans .
Net income attributable to the company fell to $ 3.45 billion , or $ 0.84 per share , in the first quarter ended March 31 , from $ 4.31 billion , or $ 1.06 per share , a year earlier .
Verizon said it lost 307,000 retail postpaid subscribers on a net basis in the first quarter . Analysts on average were expecting net additions of 222,000 , according to market research firm FactSet StreetAccount .
Verizon is struggling to fend off smaller rivals T-Mobile US Inc and Sprint Corp in a maturing market for U.S. wireless service .
In February , Verizon announced that it would offer an unlimited data plan for the first time in more than five years , following which other companies sweetened their unlimited offerings .
Total operating revenue fell to $ 29.81 billion for the fourth straight quarter from $ 32.17 billion a year earlier . ( Reporting by Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru ; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty )
The London Digital Security Centre is working alongside the Metropolitan Police to combat cyber crime targeted against small and medium sized businesses
London Digital Security Centre
Contact
Alison Page Marketing
* * * @ alisonpagemarketing.co.uk Alison Page Marketing
End
-- The London Digital Security Centre and Metropolitan Police Service have recently conducted a mailshot to some 500 businesses that have reported an online crime to Action Fraud , over the period November 2016 to March 2017 , as identified by the NFIB victim data - the City of London Police 's National Fraud Intelligence Bureau.The Centre works with the City of London Police and Metropolitan Police , along with a number of other partners , to help protect London 's businesses from cybercrime enabling them to innovate , grow and prosper whilst operating in a secure digital environment . The mailshot is the second of its nature . : `` Businesses – particularly SME 's - in London are increasingly being targeted online by criminals looking to exploit any weaknesses in their staff , processes and systems . One of our key priorities is to communicate the threat and help these businesses to make it more difficult for them to be exploited and to become victims of this type of criminality . Our collaboration with the London Digital Security Centre is crucial to achieving success in this objective . `` Recipients of the mailshot are also invited to attend aonfrom 1pm to 4pm at 6 Mitre Passage , North Greenwich , London , focusing on the key areas of digital security that will help to protect businesses from cyber criminality , and support them to work in a secure digital environment.Businesses interested in attending this event , can register via the Centre website at https : //londondsc.co.uk/ or via Eventbrite at : https : //www.eventbrite.co.uk/ e/london-digital- security-ce ... Online crimes affecting businesses in London are on the increase and are causing severe harm to businesses of all sizes . To help combat this the Mayor 's Office for Policing and Crime founded the London Digital Security Centre in 2015.The City of London Police 's National Fraud Intelligence Bureau is using millions of reports of fraud to identify serial offenders , organised crime groups and established and emerging crime types . The 526 business records have been identified from the NFIB records , over the period , with the following fraud categories : Denial of Service Attack , Denial of Service Attack Extortion , Hacking – Server , Hacking – Personal , Hacking - Social Media and Email , Hacking - PBX / Dial Through , Hacking Extortion or Mandate Fraud.To further assist business in London the Centre has launched a free membership scheme . Members are provided with access to a wealth of material and services to help the business to enhance its digital security , including online training resources and technical solutions.The Centre will also be offering a range of free digital security assessments , enabling members to review and develop the level of digital security within their business , along with the opportunity to attend free digital security workshops and have one-to-one consultations.Businesses interested in becoming a member can register online at https : //londondsc.co.uk/ , `` We know that only a small proportion of online crimes are being reported , we want to help protect these businesses from future vulnerabilities and raise awareness of what the Centre can offer . `` For further information on the London Digital Security Centre please visit https : //londondsc.co.uk/or contact John Unsworth by email at : john.unsworth @ londondsc.co.uk .
UPDATE 1-Qatar signs $ 12 bln deal to buy F-15 jets from U.S .
June 14 Qatar 's Ministry of Defense said on Wednesday the country signed a deal to buy F-15 fighter jets from the United States for $ 12 billion .
BRIEF-LightInTheBox Holding Co Q1 non-GAAP net loss per ADS $ 0.01
* Says total orders of product sales were 1.6 million for Q1 of 2017 , compared with 1.7 million in same quarter of 2016
Australian Federal Treasurer Scott Morrison delivers an address to a banking and wealth summit , in Sydney , Australia , April 6 , 2017 . AAP/Dan Himbrechts/via REUTERS
SYDNEY Australian Treasurer Scott Morrison said on Thursday the country expected to claw back A $ 2.9 billion ( $ 2.19 billion ) from multinational companies under tax avoidance legislation .
Morrison did not disclose the names of the companies being targeted by the Australian Taxation Office , and the ATO did not respond immediately to a request for comment .
In December , the ATO said it was pursuing seven global businesses over A $ 2 billion in unpaid tax .
The Multinational Anti-Avoidance Law , which came into effect in December 2015 , was aimed at addressing the problem of multinational companies using loopholes to minimize tax paid in Australia . It applies to companies with an annual global income exceeding A $ 1 billion .
The ATO 's Tax Avoidance Taskforce has 1,000 specialist officers to police the new regime with harsher penalties for those found flouting the rules .
`` We are making sure that multinationals , as they should , pay their fair share of tax , so that Australian citizens get the tax from the profits earned in Australia from Australian customers that is needed to fund vital infrastructure and services here in this country , '' Morrison said in a speech on Thursday .
Global miner Rio Tinto ( RIO.AX ) ( RIO.L ) said on Wednesday the ATO had issued amended tax assessments for the calendar years 2010 to 2013 , requiring the company to pay A $ 447 million including interest .
However , Rio said the amended assessments did not relate to any tax avoidance schemes as confirmed by the ATO , and instead involved transfer pricing arrangements between Rio entities in Australia and Singapore .
( Reporting by Jamie Freed ; Editing by Eric Meijer )
March 31 Beijing Media Corp Ltd
* Duan Gang resigned from their position as an executive director and executive vice president of company
* Yang Wenjian was nominated as an executive director Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( bangalore.newsroom @ thomsonreuters.com )
Stoke City goalkeeper Jack Butland is close to ending a year-long injury nightmare when they declared themselves fit for Saturday 's Premier League clash against Hull City after playing 90 minutes for the under-23 team earlier this week .
The 24-year-old , who suffered an ankle fracture playing for England against Germany in March last year , featured for the first time this season in the 2-0 defeat to Brighton in the Premier League 2 clash .
Butland was scheduled to return at the start of the season but further injury setbacks in August and December prolonged their absence .
`` Yeah by far ( the hardest year of their career ) , '' Butland told Sky Sports . `` I think recovering from the first operation was n't that bad , it was the feeling like I was back and then the day before the first game of the season it all kind of went pear-shaped .
`` December onwards has been pretty smooth . It 's all gone to plan as we would have hoped . ''
Should Butland start in the home match against Hull City it will be their first club appearance in 13 months , playing a side who have failed to win an away league game since August .
( Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru )
Greece set to get cash to pay bills , but debt relief elusive
LUXEMBOURG , June 15 Greece 's international lenders are expected to agree on Thursday to unblock as much as 8 billion euros in loans that Athens desperately needs to next month to pay its bills , but to leave the contentious issue of debt relief for later .
April 20 NSI NV :
* Q1 net rental income 16.1 million euros versus 15.1 million euros year ago
* Q1 EPRA EPS growth of 30 percent to 0.07 euro ( $ 0.0754 ) ( Q1 2016 : 0.05 euro )
* EPRA NAV per share on March 31 was 4.40 euros versus 4.33 euros on Dec. 31
* Operating margin in Q1 has improved to 68.6 percent , up 2.4pp on Q1 2016 ( 66.2 percent )
* It is still too early to provide guidance on EPS and DPS for 2017
* Further asset rotation may still have a significant impact on the outlook for this year
* Confident that effect of lower operating costs , lower overhead costs and lower financing costs will help to limit the potential negative impact of net disposals on EPRA EPS for FY Source text : bit.ly/2oNH4bq Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9284 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
ST. PAUL , Minn. ( AP ) _ Authorities say two men have been charged in connection with the fatal shooting during an event at a St. Paul park over the weekend .
Twenty-seven-year-old Nougai Xiong , of St. Paul , is charged in Ramsey County District Court with second-degree murder in the death of 19-year-old Jacky Vue , of St. Paul .
Twenty-eight-year-old Yang Xiong , of La Crosse , Wisconsin , is charged with aiding and abetting the shooting .
The shooting happened Sunday afternoon at the annual Hmong Freedom Festival at Como Park . Authorities say thousands were at the event .
Court documents show that a gang member who was involved in the fight told police that it occurred because the suspects were Asian Crips , and they and their group were Oroville Mono Boys .
Germany 's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit , no change seen
MESEBERG , Germany , June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19 , as planned , saying they assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week 's parliamentary election in Britain .
Acacia Mining says Tanzania output hit but annual targets unchanged
LONDON , June 15 Acacia Mining 's production of gold from Tanzania has been hit by an export ban but targets for the year remain unchanged at this stage , Chief Executive Brad Gordon said on Thursday .
Brazil 's Itau forms credit intelligence venture with four other banks
São Paulo , June 14 Itaú Unibanco Holding SA , Brazil 's largest lender by market value , said on Wednesday it had formed a credit intelligence venture with Banco Bradesco SA , Banco Santander , Banco do Brasil and Caixa Economica Federal .
Our readers have shared with us some of their favourite spots in the county to see these beautiful flowers .
The UK is home to half the world 's population of bluebells and here in Sussex we are spoilt by the number of places to see them flowering in full glory . The peak time to see bluebells is from late April to late May - so get your walking shoes on and go and see them for yourself soon !
Do n't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live .
Here are four ways you can be sure you 'll be amongst the first to know what 's going on .
1 ) Make our website your homepage
2 ) Like our Facebook page
3 ) Follow us on Twitter
4 ) Register with us by clicking on ‘ sign in ' ( top right corner ) . You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here .
And do share with your family and friends - so they do n't miss out !
Always the first with your local news .
Be part of it .
A handmade case used to transport a rooster is seen at a cockfighting arena on the outskirts of Ciro Redondo , central region of Ciego de Avila province , Cuba , February 12 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
A stuffed rooster is seen at a farmyard at the outskirts of Sandino , central region of Ciego de Avila province , Cuba , February 13 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
Roosters check each other at a house yard in Villa Nueva , central region of Ciego de Avila province , Cuba , February 13 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
A rooster is seen before their fight at a cockfighting arena on the outskirts of Ciro Redondo , central region of Ciego de Avila province , Cuba , February 12 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
A rooster sculpture is seen in Moron , central region of Ciego de Avila province , Cuba , February 13 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
A pig peers out from its pen at a house yard used to grow roosters ( not pictured ) in Villa Nueva , central region of Ciego de Avila province , Cuba , February 13 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
Basilio Gonzalez , 61 , trains a rooster for fighting in a house yard in Moron , central region of Ciego de Avila province , Cuba , February 13 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
Yusiel Fernandez , 33 , shows a rooster to their one-year old daughter at a house yard in Moron , central region of Ciego de Avila province , Cuba , February 13 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
Corn used to feed roosters is seen at a house yard in Moron , central region of Ciego de Avila province , Cuba , February 13 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
A rooster is seen at a cage in a house yard in Moron , central region of Ciego de Avila province , Cuba , February 13 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
Chicks are seen inside a cage at a farmyard on the outskirts of Santa Barbara , central region of Ciego de Avila province , Cuba , February 15 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
Rooster are seen during a fight at a cockfighting arena on the outskirts of Ciro Redondo , central region of Ciego de Avila province , Cuba , February 12 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
Cockfighting enthusiasts pose with their rosters by a vintage car at a cockfighting arena on the outskirts of Sandino , central region of Ciego de Avila province , Cuba , February 15 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
Vintage cars are parked under a tree at a cockfighting arena on the outskirts of Santa Barbara , central region of Ciego de Avila province , Cuba , February 12 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
A cockfighting enthusiast uses their tongue to clean the blood of their rooster during a fight at a cockfighting arena in Moron , central region of Ciego de Avila province , Cuba , February 16 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
An injured rooster is checked by their owner after a fight at a cockfighting arena on the outskirts of Ciro Redondo , central region of Ciego de Avila province , Cuba , February 12 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
A cockfighting enthusiast holds money during a fight at a cockfighting arena in Moron , central region of Ciego de Avila province , Cuba , February 16 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
Cockfighting enthusiasts check a rooster weight prior to a fight at a cockfighting arena on the outskirts of Ciro Redondo , central region of Ciego de Avila province , Cuba , February 9 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
A cockfighting enthusiast brings their rooster to a cockfighting arena on the outskirts of Ciro Redondo , central region of Ciego de Avila province , Cuba , February 12 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
A cockfighting enthusiast shows spurs made from tortoiseshell at a cockfighting arena on the outskirts of Ciro Redondo , central region of Ciego de Avila province , Cuba , February 9 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
Cockfighting enthusiasts attach spurs made from tortoiseshell prior to a fight at a cockfighting arena in Moron , central region of Ciego de Avila province , Cuba , February 16 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
Cockfighting enthusiasts show a rooster through the window of a vintage car on their way to a cockfighting arena at the outskirts of Ciro Redondo , central region of Ciego de Avila province , Cuba , February 15 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
Cockfighting enthusiasts write the results of fights on a wood board at a cockfighting arena on the outskirts of Ciro Redondo , central region of Ciego de Avila province , Cuba , February 12 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
Cockfighting enthusiasts react during a fight at a cockfighting arena in Moron , central region of Ciego de Avila province , Cuba , February 16 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
CIEGO DE AVILA Cuban farmer Pascual Ferrel says their favorite fighting cock 's prowess was `` off the charts , '' so after it died of illness they had the black and red rooster preserved and displays it on their mantelpiece beside a television .
`` He fought six times and was invincible , '' the 64-year old recalled fondly , talking over the crowing of 60 birds in their farmyard in the central Cuban region of Ciego de Avila .
Though it is banned in many parts of the world , cockfighting is favored throughout the Caribbean and in Cuba its popularity is growing .
Last year , Ciego de Avila opened its first official cockfighting arena with 1,000 seats , the largest in Cuba , to the dismay of animal rights activists who see it as a step backward .
Cockfighting is a blood sport because of the harm cocks do to each other in cockpits , exacerbated by metal spurs that can be attached to birds ' own spurs .
After the 1959 revolution , Cuba cracked down on cockfighting as part of a ban on gambling , recalls Ferrel .
Over the years that stance has softened . Official arenas have opened and hidden arenas are tolerated as long as there are no brawls .
`` 'People say : if the government is allowed to hold cockfights , why ca n't we ? '' says Nora Garcia Perez , head of Cuban animal welfare association Aniplant .
Enthusiasts argue that cockfighting is a centuries-old tradition . Critics say it is cruel , and they blame its popularity on lack of entertainment options , poor education on animal welfare , and its money-making potential .
In Ciego de Avila , there is a different clandestine arena for every day of the week , some hidden among marabu brush or in sugarcane fields , down dirt tracks with no signs .
People carrying cockerels in slings or under their arms travel to these venues by horse-drawn carriage , bicycle or in candy-colored vintage American cars .
Arenas made of wood and palm fronds operate like fairgrounds . Ranchera music blasts from loudspeakers , roasted pork and rum are sold and tables are set up with dice and card games .
`` You 'll see how fun this is , '' says Yaidelin Rodriguez , 32 , a regular with their husband , writing in a notebook bets they have placed on their cock .
Gambling is outlawed in Cuba but wads of cash exchange hands at most arenas . Enthusiasts wear baseball caps that read `` Cocks win me money , women take it away . ''
In the Ciego de Avila official arena , foreigners pay up to $ 60 for a front row seat . At concealed arenas , mainly a local affair , seats are $ 2 to $ 8 , a princely sum in a country where the average monthly state salary is $ 25 .
`` We can earn about $ 600 a day from entrance fees and the sale of seats , '' says Reinol , who declined to give their full name .
They split that sum with their business partner and still earns more from it than from their regular job as a butcher .
Cuba also exports cockerels , breeders say , adding that cocks with proven fighting prowess could sell for up to $ 1000 .
At a secluded arena near Ciego de Avila one recent afternoon , cigar-smoking , rum-swigging owners guarded their birds to make sure no one hurt or poisoned them before the fight .
`` Come on , '' `` Go for it , '' onlookers screeched once it began , the cocks flying at one another in rage .
`` You have to train the cocks like they are boxers , so they are prepared , '' says Basilio Gonzalesm adding they must also be groomed , scarlet legs sheared and feathers clipped .
Some , like cockfighting enthusiast Jorge Guerra , dream of making more money in countries where betting is legal .
`` I 'd like to go somewhere with big competitions and bets like Puerto Rico , '' the farmer said . `` I 'd like to show someone how much money I could make for them breeding cocks . ''
Click here to see a related photo essay : reut.rs/2pCDa3B
( Editing by Christian Plumb and ; Toni Reinhold )
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $ 1 bln a year , no IPO details yet
NEW YORK , June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $ 1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering , but did not say where or when .
Tottenham Hotspur must beat West Ham United on Friday night to reduce the gap with Chelsea and hope the Premier League leaders falter under pressure , striker Harry Kane has said .
Second-placed Tottenham can keep their title chase alive and cut the lead at the top to one point if they beat West Ham and Chelsea fumble against Middlesbrough three days later .
`` We just have to try to finish strong , '' Kane told British media .
`` We 've got another game Friday night and it 's good to play first . Hopefully , we can drop the gap to one point and then see what happens . ''
Kane said that Tottenham knew the pressure of playing later than they often played after champions Leicester City in the closing stages of last season and eventually faltered .
`` We know what it 's like from when Leicester were playing last year before us , and even today , that it 's good to play first and put the pressure on , '' they added .
`` It will be a tough game away from home but hopefully we can get that win , put that pressure on and just wait and see . ''
Tottenham lost 1-0 at West Ham last year but beat their London rivals at White Hart Lane earlier this season .
( Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru ; editing by Amlan Chakraborty )
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco , turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday , killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in , authorities and company officials said .
COLLEGE STATION , Texas Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Robert Kaplan said on Monday that they would support further interest rate hikes if the U.S. economy takes more steps toward reaching the Fed 's goals of full employment and 2 percent inflation .
`` As long as I continue to see us make progress , I will continue to support '' further rate hikes , Kaplan said at an event at Texas A & M University , adding that they want the Fed to move `` gradually and patiently . ''
Kaplan , who votes this year on Fed policy , repeated their view that the economy will likely grow about 2.25 percent this year , but could grow faster , or more slowly , depending in part on the policies the new administration implements .
With government debt rising , reform of entitlement programs such as Medicare and Social Security must be on the table , they said .
`` We 've got to be really thoughtful about things that might increase debt to GDP , '' they said .
Once the Fed has raised rates a bit further , Kaplan and other policymakers have said , it will need to start shrinking its massive balance sheet by allowing maturing mortgage-backed securities and Treasuries run off .
Asked if they prefer to start with Treasuries or MBS , Kaplan said they would be inclined to act on both , but to tailor the approach to each type of security .
( Reporting by Brad S. Morse ; Writing by Ann Saphir ; Editing by Diane Craft and Leslie Adler )
Moab Adventure Center is responding to a national demand for outdoor climbing programs promulgated by such TV shows as NBC 's `` American Ninja Warrior ''
Moab canyoneering
Contact
Widness & Wiggins PR
* * * @ travelnewssource.com Widness & Wiggins PR
End
-- Knowing how to source and grab a toe hold is a strategy for success in rock climbing – and in life.sets people up for success in the climbing world with two active vacation plans available from April and into October that are focused on canyoneering and on beginner and intermediate-level rock climbing . Professional instructors introduce or review the fundamentals of climbing based on client experience , then adapt the climbing or canyoneering experience accordingly.People from around the world come to experience rock climbing and canyoneering in Moab , UT , a region gifted with two national parks , Canyonlands and Arches , where rocks and natural stone monuments combine to create unparalleled learning adventures.With these sport vacation programs , the ( http : //www.moabadventurecenter.com/ ) is responding to a national demand for outdoor climbing programs promulgated by such TV shows as NBC 's `` American Ninja Warrior '' and by the growth of commercial indoor climbing centers ( as of August 2016 there are 951 indoor climbing gyms in the US and Canada ) . According to ( June ) . In 2016,4.6 million people participated in sport climbing , bouldering or indoor climbing . These pursuits are now more popular than gymnastics and track and field , and they are giving CrossFit a run for its money . The International Olympic Committee has announced that it will fold climbing into the 2020 Tokyo Summer Olympics.In support of this fast-growing trend , the Moab Adventure Center offers these two beginner to intermediate half-day climbing opportunities : is a five-hour immersion that begins with a 2.5-mile downhill hike through ancient petrified sand dunes leading to a dry sand and rock wash. Quickly the wash disappears over an edge , plunging into the depths of a hidden chasm . `` We go down there ? '' is the usual question after peering over the edge . `` Yes . '' A 90-foot rappel is the first obstacle in reaching the entrance to the Grotto . Now , almost totally enclosed in a small stone room , adventurers exit to find their next challenge , a 120-foot rappel into a green canyon below via a natural stone bridge ! Detailed rappelling instruction and a back-up safety system allow even the first-time canyoneer the opportunity to experience this adrenalin-charged activity . Insights into geology , plant life and natural history provide depth to this adventure that concludes at a spring-fed stream . See : http : //www.moabadventurecenter.com/ trips/rock-climbing/ ca ... is a half-day ( four hour ) adventure that introduces the mental and physical power of rock climbing to beginners or provides a refresher course to more experienced rock climbers . The program covers the essentials : equipment use and care , knots and rope work , basic belaying and descending , all while improving face and crack climbing techniques . The course utilizes climbing areas that allow climbers to transition from a climbing gym to real rock . Guests can choose to learn specific skills or be challenged with a vertical workout . A variety of routes and a relaxed atmosphere encourages progress at an individual pace . Children as young as five may participate . See : Participants in these programs are asked to meetat the Moab Adventure Center 15 minutes prior to departure . Gear and safety equipment and snacks and drinks are provided . The fee for adults 16 and up is $ 104 and for youth 10-16 $ 89.For more details please see http : //www.moabadventurecenter.com/trips/rock-climbing/Moab Adventure Center is a division of Western River Expeditions ( www.westernriver.com ) ( http : //www.westernriver.com % 29/ ) an adventure travel company headquartered in Salt Lake City , with operations and offices in Moab and Fredonia , AZ . The company is the largest single tour provider in Moab . The Moab Adventure Center is located at 225 South Main St. , Moab , UT 84532 . For information and reservations please call ( 435 ) 259-7019 or ( 866 ) 904-1163 or send an email from http : //www.moabadventurecenter.com/contact/ . The center also has a 2,000-square-foot retail space selling adventure related gear , clothing and souvenirs.For media inquiries , interviews and photos please contact Widness & Wiggins PR : Sara Widness : 802.234.6704 / sara @ widnesspr.comDave Wiggins : 720.301.3822 / dave @ travelnewssource.comWebsite and portfolio of past releases : http : //www.travelnewssource.com/
Turkish foreign minister heads to Kuwait in Qatar crisis - sources
ISTANBUL , June 14 Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu was to travel to Kuwait on Wednesday evening after completing a visit to Qatar , foreign ministry sources said , in their quest to broker an end to a dispute betweeen the Gulf state and other Arab countries .
May 2 Marico Ltd
* Says in Q4 , company witnessed normalcy returning after the demonetization impact in Q3FY17 .
* Says estimated capital expenditure in each of the years FY18 and FY19 is likely to be around INR 1 billion - 1.25 billion
* Says targeting 8-10 % volume growth in near term/medium term Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
METHUEN , Mass . — Authorities in Massachusetts say a 10-month-old baby had to be revived twice after they were exposed to fentanyl .
Police arrived at the Methuen residence early Saturday afternoon after receiving a report of a child not breathing .
First responders took the child to Lawrence General Hospital , where police say they stopped breathing twice and had to be resuscitated . They were later airlifted to Tufts Medical Center in Boston , where she 's in stable condition .
Authorities say hospital tests indicate the baby had the potent synthetic opioid fentanyl in their system .
The Department of Children and Families says it has taken custody of the baby . The incident remains under investigation .
Mayor Stephen Zanni says , “ The opioid epidemic knows no boundaries . ”
April 6 Royal Bank Of Canada
* RBC ceo says media reports about sales practices not consistent with bank 's culture
* RBC ceo says less than 0.05 percent of clients escalated concerns about how accouunts were opened last year
* RBC ceo says bank has contingency plans in place as it awaits outcome of brexit negotiations
* RBC ceo says supply/demand imbalance is the most acute factor behind run-up in canada house prices
* RBC ceo says bank would look at small tuck-in acquisitions in u.s . But current economics make that challenging Further company coverage : ( Reporting by Matt Scuffham )
NAIROBI ( Reuters ) - A young Kenyan girl was shot dead by police during operations to quell protests against the re-election of President Uhuru Kenyatta , a witness said on Saturday .
`` The girl was hit by a stray bullet while they were on a balcony as police were firing sporadic shots , '' the witness , who only gave their first name , Eric , told Reuters .
BRIEF-BB & T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb & t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent , effective immediately Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Alkaline Colloidal Silica Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market . The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status , growth rate , and trends . The market report comprises historical , current , and projected revenues for each sector , segment , end-user segment , and region . The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report AkzoNobel , Grace , Nalco , Fuso Chemical , Nissan Chemical , Evonik , Klebosol ( Merck KGaA ) , Adeka , BIOTEC Machinery and Chemicals , Remet , Nyacol , Chemiewerk Bad K ? stritz , Sterling Chemicals , DKIC , Guangdong Well-Silicasol , Qingdao Kido , Yinfeng Silicon , Zhejiang Yuda Chemical , Qingdao Haiyang Chemical , Fuzhou Sanbang Silicon Material , Qingdao FSK Foundry Materials , Qingdao Bangsen Silica Gel Desiccant .
The report begins with introducing the global Alkaline Colloidal Silica market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market , constraints , risks , opportunities , current trending factors , PEST and PROTER 'S Five Forces survey , applications , topographical region markets , and competitive landscape . Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Alkaline Colloidal Silica report . The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy , industry news and expansions , and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence .
Request for Sample Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-alkaline-colloidal-silica-market/5914/ # requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market , for instance , key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products . The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement , which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments ; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals . The report provides the main region , market conditions with the product price , profit , capacity , production , supply , demand , and market growth rate and forecast etc . This report also Present new project SWOT analysis , investment feasibility analysis , and investment return analysis .
Geographically , this report is portioned into a few key Regions , with generation , utilization , income ( million USD ) , piece of the pie and development rate in these areas , from 2018 to 2025 ( gauge ) , covering United States , China , Europe , Japan , Southeast Asia , India and Rest of World .
Alkaline Colloidal Silica Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation : 20 nm .
Alkaline Colloidal Silica Market Analysis by Application Segmentation : Investment casting , Catalysts , Textiles & Fabrics , Refractories , Polishing ( Electronic ) , Paints and Coatings , Others .
Key points in the Alkaline Colloidal Silica Market Report :
1 ) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2 ) Assess the production processes , major issues , and solutions .
3 ) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4 ) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry .
5 ) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price ( Price and Margin , Factors of Price Change , Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis ) .
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-alkaline-colloidal-silica-market/5914/ # inquiry
From all of this Alkaline Colloidal Silica market information , the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Alkaline Colloidal Silica market players : New players , stakeholders , marketing unit , administrative authorities and Alkaline Colloidal Silica distributors/manufacturers . The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize . Further , the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data , in both terms revenue and volume . In addition to this , the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report . This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023 .
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports . You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store , which covers global industry and the regional markets . All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips .
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales @ indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone : +1 202 888 3519
Web : https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
April 5 Etalon Group Ltd says :
* H2 2016 profit for the period amounted to 3.594 billion roubles ( $ 64.22 million ) , up by 11 percent year-on-year
* EBITDA for H2 2016 was 5.586 billion roubles , up 24 percent year-on-year , with an EBITDA margin of 19 percent
* Revenue rose by 21 percent year-on-year to 29.280 billion roubles . Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 55.9635 roubles ) ( Reporting By Moscow Newsroom )
March 31 Moscow Exchange :
* Says has decided to delist United Reserve Funds Assets Management Corporation as of May 3 Source text : bit.ly/2op6Hgt Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
TOKYO , March 29 Toshiba Corp on Wednesday said its U.S. nuclear unit Westinghouse Electric Co filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection with $ 9.8 billion in liabilities as of the end of December .
The Japanese conglomerate said Westinghouse would be off its consolidated books as of the end of this month .
Toshiba said its own net loss for this fiscal year could reach 1 trillion yen ( $ 9.00 billion ) , versus its previous estimate of 390 billion yen . ( $ 1 = 111.1400 yen ) ( Reporting by Makiko Yamazaki and Chris Gallagher ; Editing by Himani Sarkar )
Aug 13 ( Gracenote ) - Results and standings from the Bulgarian championship matches on Sunday Sunday , August 13 Beroe Stara Zagora 1 Botev Plovdiv 1 Levski Sofia 2 Dunav Ruse 0 Saturday , August 12 Etar 2 Pirin Blagoevgrad 1 Ludogorets 3 Vereya 1 Friday , August 11 Cherno More Varna 1 Slavia Sofia 1 Septemvri Sofia 0 CSKA-Sofia 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Cherno More Varna 5 3 2 0 8 2 11 2 Ludogorets 4 3 1 0 8 3 10 3 CSKA-Sofia 5 3 1 1 12 5 10 4 Vereya 5 2 1 2 4 7 7 5 Beroe Stara Zagora 5 1 4 0 7 4 7 6 Levski Sofia 4 2 1 1 4 2 7 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 7 Etar 5 1 2 2 4 5 5 8 Lokomotiv Plovdiv 4 1 2 1 3 5 5 9 Dunav Ruse 5 1 2 2 3 4 5 10 Slavia Sofia 5 1 2 2 7 9 5 11 Pirin Blagoevgrad 5 1 2 2 4 5 5 12 Botev Plovdiv 4 1 1 2 6 10 4 13 Septemvri Sofia 4 1 0 3 1 5 3 14 Vitosha Bistritsa 4 0 1 3 3 8 1 1-6 : Championship play-off 7-14 : Play-off Next Fixtures ( GMT ) : Monday , August 14 Lokomotiv Plovdiv v Vitosha Bistritsa ( 1730 )
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach , says their cycle over
TIRANA , June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016 , their first and only appearance at a major tournament .
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson meets with Afghan Foreign Minister Salahuddin Rabbani at the State Department in Washington , U.S. , March 22 , 2017 . REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
WASHINGTON U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson should meet with `` democratically-minded '' activists in Russia as well as government officials during their visit there later this month , two senators urged them in a letter released on Wednesday .
Tillerson is due to visit Russia for talks expected to touch on the nation 's annexation of Crimea , its deployment of a land-based cruise missile and its role in Syria 's civil war .
While there , they should also meet with civil society activists , Democratic Senator Jeanne Shaheen and Republican Senator Marco Rubio said in the letter . The senators sit on the subcommittee that oversees the State Department budget .
`` We feel strongly that democratically-minded Russians should know that the U.S. supports their aspirations , and as our nation 's top diplomat , you are in a unique position to communicate this message , '' the letter said .
Tillerson , who has taken four trips abroad during their two months in office , has so far not engaged in the `` public diplomacy '' in which previous Republican and Democratic secretaries of state took part . Such events might include meetings with activists as well as town halls with youths and interviews with local journalists .
A State Department spokesperson did not respond to a request for comment .
In Turkey last week , Tillerson met with Norine Brunson , the wife of jailed American pastor Andrew Brunson , a missionary held there since October .
In a visit to China last month , Tillerson made brief mention of human and religious rights but had no known meetings with activists or engagements with civil society representatives .
By contrast , former secretary of state Hillary Clinton ended their 2009 visit to China with services at a state-sanctioned church , a conversation with women 's rights activists and a brief Web chat with Chinese internet users .
Russian opposition activist Vladimir Kara-Murza told a Senate hearing last month that it was important that the world pay attention to voices in Russia besides those of President Vladimir Putin 's government .
`` Russia is so much bigger and so much more diverse than the Putin regime , '' Kara-Murza said .
In Moscow , both Republican and Democratic secretaries of state have met with civic leaders at Spaso House , the U.S. ambassador 's stately residence . In 2007 , Condoleezza Rice , secretary of state under Republican President George W. Bush , used such a visit to encourage Russian activists to build democratic institutions that protect human rights .
( Additional reporting by Patricia Zengerle in Washington ; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn )
March 30 Shenzhen Ideal Jewellery Co. , Ltd. :
* Says the co plans to issue shares in exchange for 100 percent stake in Shandong-based jewelry firm
* Says the acquisition price is set at 1.02 billion yuan
* Says the shareholders of the jewelry firm , Han Wenbo and Han Wenhong , will raise 5.1 percent and 6.3 percent in the co respectively
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/cPCxII ; goo.gl/ffnmRR
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
MINNEAPOLIS , March 31 Minneapolis Federal Reserve Bank President Neel Kashkari said Friday that on their thus far unsuccessful crusade to persuade policymakers to jack up capital requirements for big U.S. banks , they are taking a cue from the struggle for gay marriage rights .
`` The activists stayed on it , stayed on it , stayed on it , stayed on it , stayed on it , '' Kashkari said of efforts in California to win equal-rights treatment for gay unions after voters made same-sex marriage illegal in 2008 . In 2015 , the U.S. Supreme Court made it legal throughout the country .
`` I think on the issue of too big to fail , we have an obligation to keep speaking up ; people may not agree with us but if we keep speaking up , maybe they will agree with us , '' Kashkari told the Banking Law Institute in Minneapolis .
For more than a year Kashkari has worked to convince their fellow central bankers , other regulators , lawmakers and the public that the biggest U.S. banks are a threat to financial stability because they are not adequately regulated .
Several months ago they proposed forcing them to hold much more capital than they currently do , a strategy they say will make them safer and the industry more competitive , but that banks say will hurt them and the economy .
So far their plan has gained few backers , despite theirs giving speech after speech defending and explaining it .
The new U.S. administration , far from imposing more restrictions on financial institutions , appears inclined to roll them back by dismantling at least some parts of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform act that was aimed in part to prevent faltering big banks to cause a repeat of the 2007-2008 financial crisis .
Kashkari , who ran for California governor in 2014 as a Republican , also repeated Friday their call for more diversity at the central bank , noting that the Atlanta Fed has just hired the Fed 's first African-American regional bank president , Raphael Bostic . Bostic will also be the Fed 's first openly gay policymaker . ( Reporting by Ann Saphir ; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama )
Pope Francis waves during their Wednesday general audience in Saint Peter 's square at the Vatican , April 5 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
VATICAN CITY Pope Francis said on Wednesday they were horrified by the suspected chemical weapons attack in Syria , calling it an `` unacceptable massacre '' of innocent civilians .
Western countries including the United States blamed Syrian government forces for the attack , which choked scores of people to death in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in a rebel-held area of northern Syria hit by government air strikes . The Syrian army has denied any role .
`` We look on horrified by the recent events in Syria , '' they told tens of thousands of people in St. Peter 's Square for their weekly general audience .
Expressing their `` firm deploration of the unacceptable massacre that took place yesterday , '' the leader of the world 's 1.2 billion Roman Catholics said they were praying for `` the defenceless victims , including many children . ''
Francis appealed to `` the consciences of those who hold political power , both at the local and international levels so that these tragedies end . ''
Russia said on Wednesday contamination in the area was the result of gas leaking from a rebel chemical weapons depot after it was hit by Syrian government air strikes .
Francis also condemned the bombing on Tuesday of the metro in St. Petersburg , Russia , which killed 14 people and wounded about 50 others .
( Reporting by Philip Pullella ; Editing by Janet Lawrence )
March 30 Japan Asset Marketing Co Ltd :
* Says it will sell a property located in Kanagawa prefecture , Japan , on May 15
* To record about 1.8 billion yen gain on sales of fixed asset as extraordinary profit for fiscal year ending May 2017
Source text in Japanese : goo.gl/Pgmzeq
Further company coverage :
( Beijing Headline News )
LONDON , April 12 Following are match-by-match facts and statistics ahead of round 33 of the Premier League fixtures on April 15-17 ( 1500 GMT unless stated ) :
Tottenham v Bournemouth
Bournemouth have never won at White Hart Lane
Kane expected to start for Spurs who also have Wanyama available in midfield
Spurs have won their past 11 home games , keeping clean sheets in seven
Second-placed Spurs seeking to cut Chelsea 's lead to four points
Crystal Palace v Leicester City
Both teams have won five and lost one of their past six games
Captain Morgan a doubt for Leicester
Palace manager Allardyce believes they need one more win to avoid relegation
11th-placed Leicester were 17th when manager Shakespeare took over seven weeks ago
Everton v Burnley
Burnley have not won an away Premier League game all season
Everton have not conceded at home to Burnley in their two previous Premier League games
Burnley won reverse fixture 2-1 and last did the double over Everton in 1959-60
Burnley have received red cards - for Stephen Jordan and Ashley Barnes - in their past two visits to Goodison Park
Stoke City v Hull City
Stoke City have lost their past four Premier League games
Hull have only won once under Saturday 's referee , Stuart Attwell - in 2009
Stoke keeper Butland fit again after year out injured
Hull 's Huddlestone available after three-match ban and Maguire likely to be fit
Sunderland v West Ham United
Sunderland are 10 points from safety with seven games remaining
West Ham 's Noble banned after picking up 10th booking last week ; Reid also out
Sunderland without Larsson pending result of red-card appeal
Sunderland have not won at home since beating Watford 1-0 on Dec. 17
Watford v Swansea City
Swansea have lost four and drawn one of their past five games
Watford have won their past two homes games
Brittos banned for Watford after being sent off against West Brom
Watford 's Behrami may return but doubts over fitness of Kaboul and Prodl
Southampton v Manchester City ( 17.30 )
City have only picked up eight points out of a possible 18 in past six games
Saints full-back Jeremy Pied fit after seven months out injured
City striker Aguero has scored 10 goals in 10 games
Saints ' centre-back pairing of Yoshida and Stephens conceded 10 goals in eight league games they have played together
West Bromwich Albion v Liverpool ( Sunday , 13.30 )
Liverpool still without Mane , Lallana and Henderson
Liverpool have won four of their past six games
Albion have not scored in three matches ; one more would be worst run since 2003 when they were relegated
Albion need six points from six games to post best-ever Premier League points total
Manchester United v Chelsea ( Sunday 16.00 )
United unbeaten in 21 league games but have lost twice to Chelsea this season
Chelsea manager Conte has no injury worries
United 's Smalling , Mata and Young injured but Valencia should be available
United have not beaten Chelsea in nine league games , a run going back to 2013
Monday ( 20.00 )
Middlesbrough v Arsenal
Arsenal have lost their past four away games , their worst run under manager Wenger
Middlesbrough have not a league game in 2017
Game will be refereed by Anthony Taylor , who reported Wenger to FA after they clashed when Arsenal played Burnley
Middlesbrough six points from safety with seven games left
( Reporting by Neil Robinson ; editing by Mark Heinrich )
April 10China Resources Wandong Medical Equipment Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to pay annual cash dividend as 1.50 yuan ( pre-tax ) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 4 new shares for every 10 shares as FY 2016 div payment
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/KN1ha4
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
BEIJING , March 31 The president of Bank of China Ltd , the country 's fourth-largest lender by assets , said on Friday increasing net interest income this year is `` impossible . ''
Chen Siqing made the comment at a news briefing in Beijing after the bank published earnings results showing the lender 's annual profit fell for the first time in at least a decade . ( Reporting by Shu Zhang and Matthew Miller ; Writing by Engen Tham ; Editing by Christopher Cushing )
MOST U.S. TREASURY YIELDS HOLD AT SESSION HIGHS AFTER U. MICHIGAN U.S. CONSUMER SENTIMENT DATA IN LATE JANUARY ; 10-YEAR YIELD HITS 4-YEAR PEAK , LAST AT 2.845 PCT
EMERGING MARKETS-LatAm currencies jump after weak U.S. data
São Paulo , June 14 Latin American currencies strengthened on Wednesday after weaker-than-expected U.S. economic data further cooled expectations of multiple interest rate hikes in the second half of the year . U.S. retail sales in May recorded their biggest drop in 16 months and consumer prices unexpectedly fell , according to data released hours before the U.S. Federal Reserve published its rate-setting decision . Traders widely expect the U.S. central bank to hike rates by
FILE PHOTO : U.N. Special Representative and Head of the United Nations Support Mission in Libya Martin Kobler and International Organization for Migration Director General William Lacy Swing visit illegal African migrants at a detention camp in Tripoli , Libya , March 22 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ismail Zitouny/File Photo
FILE PHOTO : Illegal African migrants arrive at Mitiga International Airport before their voluntary return to their countries , east of Tripoli , Libya , March 23 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ismail Zitouny/File Photo
TUNIS Up to 10,000 migrants stranded in Libya will be flown back to their home countries this year , but the returns can only play a limited role in tackling migrant flows towards Europe , the head of the U.N. migration agency 's Libyan office said .
The International Organization for Migration programme is one of the few ways EU states can fund action inside lawless Libya , which has become the main migration departure point for Europe , as they scramble to stem record flows across the central Mediterranean .
Other plans have been held up by poor security , political resistance and a lack of government control in Libya , where powerful militias and smuggling networks act with impunity .
The IOM scheme is meant to offer a way out to those stuck in Libya without money , work , or a means to move on , said Othman Belbeisi , the agency 's chief of mission for Libya . It is voluntary , with each migrant interviewed individually and able to change their mind at any time .
`` This programme provides a window or an option for these people to go back home and start a new life , '' Belbeisi told Reuters .
`` It is a contribution to a solution , mainly for the migrants . We do n't believe in closing borders , stopping movement or stopping migration . ''
Some of those who opt to return have been intercepted by the Libyan coastguard at sea and sent to detention centres . Some leave without trying to reach Europe . Most do not have documents .
The IOM flew 2,775 migrants back last year , and is expecting to increase that number to between 7,000 and 10,000 in 2017 , with new Euorpean funding .
This year , 1,795 migrants have already been sent back , and another 5,000 are seeking assistance to return . The agency has received a higher rate of requests since late 2016 , something Belbeisi attributed to worsening conditions inside Libya .
Most are flown to West Africa , with Nigeria , Senegal and Mali topping the list . There have also been returns to East Africa and Bangladesh .
Because returning can be seen as a failure , the IOM supports reintegration in home communities , Belbeisi said , with half those returned last year receiving such help .
The average cost of returning and assisting a migrant is about 2,000 euros ( $ 2,135 ) . Funding for the programme comes mainly from European states .
The agency still faces challenges interviewing migrants , checking their identity , and transporting them across and out of Libya . It plans to raise awareness about the returns programme in the coming months , without actively promoting it .
`` We are not promoting a return home because we know sometimes the situation back home can be even worse ... and we do not want to promote shifting a problem from one side , or country , to another , '' said Belbeisi .
`` That 's why we do n't advertise the programme or promote it as a solution for migration to Europe . ''
( Editing by Alison Williams )
SINGAPORE Singapore has confirmed two cases of locally transmitted infections of the Zika virus in a northeastern part of the city state , the National Environment Agency said on Wednesday , describing it as the first Zika cluster of 2017 .
The viral disease carried by mosquitoes has spread to more than 60 countries and territories since an outbreak was identified in Brazil in 2015 , raising alarm over its ability to cause microcephaly as well as Guillain-Barre syndrome .
Singapore had already reported six cases in the first 12 weeks of this year , the agency 's website shows . Last year , more than 400 people became infected with the virus , following discovery of the first case in August .
`` Both cases are residents in the vicinity and from the same household , '' the agency said in a statement .
`` Residents and stakeholders are urged to maintain vigilance and continue to eliminate mosquito breeding habitats . ''
There is no preventive treatment against Zika , but drug companies are rushing to develop a vaccine .
Although generally a mild disease , the virus is a particular risk to pregnant women as it can cause microcephaly - a severe birth defect in which babies are born with abnormally small heads and underdeveloped brains .
( Reporting by Aradhana Aravindan ; Editing by Clarence Fernandez )
April 4 GetSwift Ltd :
* Signed an exclusive multiyear partnership with Commonwealth Bank
* Estimates deal will result in over 257.4 million deliveries on its platform over next five years , with an estimated aggregate transaction value of $ 9 billion Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Russian President Vladimir Putin looks on after a meeting with President of Iceland Gudni Johannesson as part of the International Arctic Forum in Arkhangelsk , Russia March 30 , 2017 . REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin
ST PETERSBURG Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Monday the government was considering all possible causes for the blasts in St Petersburg 's metro system , including terrorism .
`` I have already spoken to the head of our special services , they are working to ascertain the cause ( of the blasts ) , '' Putin , at a meeting with Belarus President Alexander Lukashenko , said .
`` The causes are not clear , it 's too early . We will look at all possible causes , terrorism as well as common crime , '' they added .
( Reporting by Denis Pinchuk ; writing by Sujata Rao )
HKMA chief expects city 's banks to raise rates after Fed rate hike
HONG KONG , June 15 Hong Kong 's central bank chief said on Thursday they expect banks in the city to raise interest rates gradually and there could be an increase in capital outflows from the financial hub due to arbitrage plays with the local currency .
April 3 Insys Therapeutics Inc
* Insys Therapeutics reports fourth quarter and year end 2016 results
* Q4 adjusted non-GAAP earnings per share $ 0.03
* Q4 revenue $ 54.9 million versus I/B/E/S view $ 51.2 million
* Q4 earnings per share view $ -0.00 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q4 loss per share $ 0.05
* Insys Therapeutics Inc - insys management will not hold a conference call for Q4 and full year 2017
* Insys Therapeutics Inc says for Q1 of 2017 , company experienced an approximate 32 percent decline in subsys scripts as compared Q4 of 2016
* Insys Therapeutics - Saeed Motahari will become president and chief executive officer and be appointed to board of directors , effective April 17 , 2017
* Says for Q1 of 2017 , company experienced an approximate 32 percent decline in subsys scripts as compared Q4 of 2016
* Insys Therapeutics Inc says with recent clarity on scheduling of Syndros , targeting a launch in second half of 2017
* Insys Therapeutics Inc says targeting an NDA filing by end-2017 for Buprenorphine Sublingual spray for treatment of moderate to acute pain
* Insys Therapeutics - anticipates `` commensurate impact '' on net revenue for Q1'17 due to decline in subsys scripts seen in Q1'17 compared to Q4'16 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Two North Korean Nordic skiers have been invited to take part in next month 's Pyeongchang Paralympics , the International Paralympic Committee ( IPC ) said on Friday .
North Korea would march together with South Korean athletes under a unified flag at the opening ceremony on March 9 if the offer was accepted , it added in a statement .
“ Now that we have offered two bipartite slots to North Korean athletes I am extremely hopeful that the country will compete at its first Paralympic Winter Games this March , ” said IPC president Andrew Parsons .
Bipartite invitations are made on a discretionary basis by the IPC and the respective international federation for the sport .
The Paralympics take place after the Feb. 9-25 Winter Olympics in the South Korean mountain resort .
North Korean athletes are due to take part in those Games , which will also see the two countries compete with a joint women 's ice hockey team and march together under one flag .
North and South Korea remain technically at war after their 1950-53 conflict ended in a truce rather than a peace treaty .
Tensions escalated dramatically last year as the North Korean regime of Kim Jong-un stepped up its programme aimed at developing a nuclear-tipped missile capable of striking the United States .
The IPC said it had invited North Korean para Nordic skiers Jonghyon Kim and Yuchol Ma , who both competed at a World Cup in Oberried , Germany , last month with funding from the Asian Paralympic Committee and Agitos Foundation .
North Korea has competed previously at Summer Paralympics , with two athletes in Rio de Janeiro in 2016 and one in London four years earlier .
“ We want as many countries as possible competing at the Pyeongchang 2018 Paralympic Winter Games and I think North Korea 's participation will send out a very strong message of bringing peace through sport , ” said Parsons .
“ For both countries to march together at the opening and closing ceremonies will be a very special and historic moment and the result of a fantastic team effort by many parties . ”
The IPC said the North Korean team would , like all nations competing at the March 9-18 Paralympics , receive a travel grant provided by the organising committee .
Etsy Inc 's Chief Executive Officer Chad Dickerson poses outside the Nasdaq market site in Times Square following Etsy 's initial public offering ( IPO ) in New York April 16 , 2015 . REUTERS/Mike Segar
Etsy Inc ( ETSY.O ) , an e-commerce site for handmade goods , on Tuesday said its chief executive would step down as it reported first-quarter profit below expectations and faced investor pressure to change course .
Shares nosedived 17 percent in after-hours trading .
Etsy said Chief Executive Chad Dickerson , who shepherded the company through its initial public offering two years ago , would be replaced by board member and former eBay Inc ( EBAY.O ) executive Josh Silverman this week .
The company also said it would cut about 80 jobs , or 8 percent of its workforce .
While Etsy continues to ride the wave of commerce shifting online , growth has slowed of gross merchandise sales , the value of items sold on its site and a key metric . Amazon.com Inc ( AMZN.O ) has opened a marketplace for handmade goods , too , though Etsy has claimed its wider selection of artisanal goods is keeping the e-commerce juggernaut at bay .
Etsy said it failed to sell to as many visitors to its website as anticipated in the first quarter . Revenue of $ 96.9 million , up 18 percent from the year prior , came in below the $ 98.4 million analysts were expecting on average , according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S .
Etsy cited slower consumer spending growth , but said its analysis of why February sales were soft was not yet complete . The company said it was not offering a routine financial forecast this week because of the management transition .
`` That 's creating a level of uncertainly that the market 's uncomfortable with , '' said Maxim Group analyst Tom Forte .
Costs jumped as a percentage of revenue due to a brand campaign and higher employee expenses , Etsy said .
Incoming chief Silverman said on a call with analysts that marketing would continue to be an important investment going forward .
Including $ 2.1 million in interest expense and other non-cash charges associated with Etsy 's new headquarters , the company lost $ 421,000 in the first quarter after earning $ 1.2 million a year prior . Analysts on average had expected earnings per share of 1 cent .
Etsy said long-time director Fred Wilson will take over the board 's chairpersonship from Dickerson . One of the company 's shareholders , black-and-white capital LP , earlier on Tuesday called on Etsy to explore a sale and to separate the roles of chairperson and CEO .
Among other criticisms by black-and-white , which said it owns 2 percent of Etsy , is that the website 's search functionality is poor . Etsy said on Tuesday it is working to improve this .
( Reporting by Jeffrey Dastin in San Francisco ; Editing by James Dalgleish and Leslie Adler )
March 31 Fuan Pharmaceutical Group Co Ltd :
* To use undistributed profits to pay a cash dividend of 2 yuan ( pre-tax ) per 10 shares to shareholders for FY 2016
* To use additional paid-in capital to distribute 20 new shares for every 10 shares
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/ulFQNX
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
HSBC to keep best lending rate at 5 pct in Hong Kong
HONG KONG , June 15 HSBC Holdings Plc will maintain its best lending rate at 5 percent in Hong Kong , the bank said on Thursday , after the territory 's defacto central bank raised its discount window base rate .
- Tonight 's WWE SmackDown saw Shinsuke Nakamura debut a new theme song and entrance video . You can see the video with the single above , `` Shadows of a Setting Sun '' by Shadows of The Sun . Nakamura teamed with Rusev and Aiden English to defeat WWE Champion AJ Style , Luke Gallows and Karl Anderson in this week 's blue brand main event . Nakamura will now face AJ with the title on the line at Friday 's Greatest Royal Rumble event in Saudi Arabia .
- Jinder Mahal took to Twitter after tonight 's SmackDown and sent the following warning to WWE United States Champion Jeff Hardy . Jinder did not appear on SmackDown this week but they sent a masked Sunil Singh to take out Hardy 's knee from behind while Hardy was watching Randy Orton vs. Shelton Benjamin . Hardy is set to defend against Jinder at Friday 's Greatest Royal Rumble event and the winner will then face Orton at the May 6th Backlash pay-per-view .
The only air @ JeffHardyBrand will get now is the time right before I drop them to the ground with the Khallas and take back MY # USTitle . You have only days left . # WWEGRR — The Maharaja ( @ JinderMahal ) April 25 , 2018
See Also Jinder Mahal On Which RAW Star Is Their Dream Opponent , What Caused Their Physical Transformation
- As noted , Drew McIntyre and Dolph Ziggler defeated Titus Worldwide on this week 's RAW and cut post-match promos to put the rest of the locker room on notice . McIntyre tweeted the following in response to a WWE tweet that said the landscape on RAW is about to change thanks to Dolph and Drew , who appear to be using a new name for their team - The Show .
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
Brazil 's President Michel Temer speaks to media during the LAAD , the biggest military industry expo in Latin America , in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil April 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Pilar Olivares
BRASILIA Brazilian President Michel Temer plans to water down its landmark pension reform proposal to ease lawmakers ' resistance to the controversial bill key to rebalance the government 's depleted finances .
Temer said in a radio interview on Thursday they have authorized the lawmaker sponsoring the plan to alter its terms as long as they maintain the bill 's minimum retirement age . They did not specify what changes could take place .
The potential changes could cost the government 115 billion reais ( 29.35 billion pounds ) in savings over the next decade , according to calculations released by the office of the president 's chief of staff .
The reform plan , submitted last year to Congress , sets a minimum retirement age at 65 for both men and women and requires more years on the job for workers to gain full pension benefits .
Those points and others to limit benefits have drawn criticism from public servants and labour unions alike , irking lawmakers who face elections next year .
A newspaper survey of lawmakers on Wednesday showed support for the proposal fell well below the 308 votes necessary to pass the lower house of Brazil 's Congress , with only 92 in favour and 242 against .
Arthur Maia , the lawmaker sponsoring the legislation , told reporters later on Thursday that they will change the proposal to protect the poorest without hurting the `` backbone '' of the amendment .
They are considering altering the transition rules for those nearing the retirement age , easing pension requirements for farmers and agricultural workers while keeping some special benefits to teachers and police .
Maia said they will unveil their proposed changes on April 18 .
A revamp of Brazil 's costly pension system is the centrepiece of Temer 's crusade to balance the government budget and reverse the rise in public debt as they seek to lift Latin America 's largest economy from its deepest recession on record .
Still , some investors fear they could face a rocky road ahead due to a bickering Congress and corruption probes ensnaring senior figures of their administration .
Temer could even be unseated if Brazil 's top electoral court rules that they and former President Dilma Rousseff , under whom they were vice president , used illegal money to fund their 2014 campaign . Rousseff was impeached in 2016 .
( Additional reporting by Patricia Duarte ; writing by Aonso Soto and Bruno Federowski ; editing by James Dalgleish , G Crosse )
May 2 Guocoland Malaysia Bhd :
* Appoints Quek Ting Chin as chief financial officer Source text ( bit.ly/2p144kh ) Further company coverage :
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK , June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks , while tamping down the risk of currency declines , regulatory filings showed on Wednesday .
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS , June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden .
FILE PHOTO : A Taiwanese Coast Guard patrol ship , Kaohsiung ( CG 129 ) , is seen during a rescue drill near the coast of Itu Aba , which the Taiwanese call Taiping , at the South China Sea , November 29 , 2016 . REUTERS/J.R Wu
FILE PHOTO : A member of the Taiwanese Coast Guard stands guard next to a Taiwanese flag on Itu Aba , which the Taiwanese call Taiping , at the South China Sea , November 29 , 2016 . REUTERS/J.R Wu
HANOI Vietnam on Thursday denounced Taiwan 's military drills on and around a disputed South China Sea island , labelling them a serious violation of its sovereignty and a threat to maritime security .
China claims most of the energy-rich waters through which about $ 5 trillion in ship-borne trade passes every year . Neighbours Brunei , Malaysia , the Philippines , Taiwan and Vietnam also have claims .
Taiwan 's claim to Itu Aba is complicated by the fact that China considers Taiwan sovereign territory . Taiwan and China both claim the South China Sea using old maps that date back to the late 1940s when the Nationalists ruled China .
The defeated Nationalists fled to Taiwan in 1949 after losing to Mao Zedong 's Communists . Taiwan has been self-ruled ever since .
Taiwan 's coast guard said that the live-fire drills around Itu Aba were routine . The scheduled drills began on Wednesday and end on Friday .
Vietnamese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Le Hai Binh said the drills were `` a serious violation of Vietnam 's sovereignty over the ( Spratly ) archipelago , threatening peace , stability , and maritime safety and security , stressing and complicating the situation in the East Sea ( South China Sea ) . ''
`` Vietnam resolutely opposes ( the drills ) and asks Taiwan to not repeat similar actions , '' Binh said in a statement posted on the ministry website .
( Reporting by Mai Nguyen in Hanoi and J.R. Wu in Taipei ; Editing by Nick Macfie )
April 3 InCity Immobilien AG :
* FY net loss 0.2 million euros after a surplus of 0.2 million euros in 2015
* FY group EBIT improved by 0.2 million euros to 1.5 million euros ( $ 1.60 million ) Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9376 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
FILE PHOTO : German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble presents draft budget for 2018 and mid-term plans for state spending until 2021 during a news conference in Berlin , Germany , March 15 , 2017 . REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch/File Photo
BERLIN The ultra-loose monetary policy environment in some regions is raising the risk of a new global financial crisis , German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said on Tuesday , urging a timely exit strategy .
Record-low European Central Bank interest rates and the ECB 's bond-buying program have helped support consumption and construction in Europe 's largest economy . But German policymakers worry about asset bubbles forming as a result .
`` Ultra-loose monetary policy in many regions is unhelpful , '' Schaeuble said at a G20-sponsored business conference in the German capital .
`` It 's encouraging undue risk-taking , policy complacency , capital miscalculation and enterprise bubbles and will continue to do so if it is not reversed in time , '' they added . `` In fact it might even raise the risk of another financial crisis . ''
They said expansive monetary policies were pushing debt to record highs and deterring governments from structural reforms .
`` The world is still feeling the effects of the last financial crisis and we can not exclude the possibility of further turbulence , '' said Schaeuble , who often says they wish the ECB would start unwinding its expansive policy .
`` It 's therefore crucial that we increase the resilience of our economies and build buffers to absorb any future shocks .
`` Global debt , public and private , has risen to historical heights . We need to gradually reduce levels of indebtedness and stop relying on growth fueled by bigger finance consumption , '' they said .
The ECB last week stuck to its ultra-easy policy stance as euro zone inflation continues to undershoot its target but acknowledged the vigor of the euro zone economy . It left the door open to further rates cuts or an increase in asset buys .
But ECB President Mario Draghi noted that the euro zone 's economy had further improved and the risk of a new downturn had receded , a signal seen by many as foreshadowing a bolder change at the next meeting in June .
`` We need to exit current monetary policy in a timely manner and return to a more normal course , '' Schaeuble said . `` The Federal Reserve has already begun this process . In the EU it is a little bit different . ''
( Reporting by Joseph Nasr and Paul Carrel ; Editing by Catherine Evans )
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks during an interview with Reuters in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington , U.S. , April 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Barria
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks during an interview with Reuters in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington , U.S. , April 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Barria
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks during an interview with Reuters in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington , U.S. , April 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Barria
U.S. President Donald Trump sits for an interview with Reuters in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington , U.S. , April 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Barria
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks during an interview with Reuters in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington , U.S. , April 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Barria
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks during an interview with Reuters in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington , U.S. , April 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Barria
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks during an interview with Reuters in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington , U.S. , April 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Barria
U.S. President Donald Trump ( L ) stands in the Oval Office with Chief of Staff Reince Priebus following an interview with Reuters at the White House in Washington , U.S. , April 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Barria
U.S. President Donald Trump looks out a window of the Oval Office following an interview with Reuters at the White House in Washington , U.S. , April 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Barria
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks during an interview with Reuters in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington , U.S. , April 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Barria
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday a major conflict with North Korea is possible in the standoff over its nuclear and missile programs , but they would prefer a diplomatic outcome to the dispute .
`` There is a chance that we could end up having a major , major conflict with North Korea . Absolutely , '' Trump told Reuters in an Oval Office interview ahead of their 100th day in office on Saturday .
Nonetheless , Trump said they wanted to peacefully resolve a crisis that has bedevilled multiple U.S. presidents , a path that they and their administration are emphasizing by preparing a variety of new economic sanctions while not taking the military option off the table .
`` We 'd love to solve things diplomatically but it 's very difficult , '' they said .
In other highlights of the 42-minute interview , Trump was cool to speaking again with Taiwan 's president after an earlier telephone call with them angered China .
They also said they want South Korea to pay the cost of the U.S. THAAD anti-missile defence system , which they estimated at $ 1 billion , and intends to renegotiate or terminate a U.S. free trade pact with South Korea because of a deep trade deficit with Seoul .
Asked when they would announce their intention to renegotiate the pact , Trump said : “ Very soon . I 'm announcing it now . ”
Trump also said they were considering adding stops to Israel and Saudi Arabia to a Europe trip next month , emphasizing that they wanted to see an Israeli-Palestinian peace . They complained that Saudi Arabia was not paying its fair share for U.S. defence .
Asked about the fight against Islamic State , Trump said the militant group had to be defeated .
`` I have to say , there is an end . And it has to be humiliation , '' they said , when asked about what the endgame was for defeating Islamist violent extremism .
XI 'TRYING VERY HARD '
Trump said North Korea was their biggest global challenge . They lavished praise on Chinese President Xi Jinping for Chinese assistance in trying to rein in Pyongyang . The two leaders met in Florida earlier this month .
`` I believe they are trying very hard . They certainly do n't want to see turmoil and death . They do n't want to see it . They are a good man . They are a very good man and I got to know them very well .
`` With that being said , they love China and they love the people of China . I know they would like to be able to do something , perhaps it 's possible that they ca n't , '' Trump said .
Trump spoke just a day after they and their top national security advisers briefed U.S. lawmakers on the North Korean threat and one day before Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will press the United Nations Security Council on sanctions to further isolate Pyongyang over its nuclear and missile programs .
The Trump administration on Wednesday declared North Korea `` an urgent national security threat and top foreign policy priority . '' It said it was focusing on economic and diplomatic pressure , including Chinese cooperation in containing its defiant neighbour and ally , and remained open to negotiations .
U.S. officials said military strikes remained an option but played down the prospect , though the administration has sent an aircraft carrier and a nuclear-powered submarine to the region in a show of force .
Any direct U.S. military action would run the risk of massive North Korean retaliation and huge casualties in Japan and South Korea and among U.S. forces in both countries .
' I HOPE HE 'S RATIONAL '
Trump , asked if they considered North Korean leader Kim Jong-un to be rational , said they were operating from the assumption that they are rational . They noted that Kim had taken over their country at an early age .
`` He 's 27 years old . Their father dies , took over a regime . So say what you want but that is not easy , especially at that age .
`` I 'm not giving them credit or not giving them credit , I 'm just saying that 's a very hard thing to do . As to whether or not he 's rational , I have no opinion on it . I hope he 's rational , '' they said .
Trump , sipping a Coke delivered by an aide after the president ordered it by pressing a button on their desk , rebuffed an overture from Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen , who told Reuters a direct phone call with Trump could take place again after their first conversation in early December angered Beijing .
China considers neighbouring Taiwan to be a renegade province .
`` My problem is that I have established a very good personal relationship with President Xi , '' said Trump . `` I really feel that they are doing everything in their power to help us with a big situation . So I would n't want to be causing difficulty right now for him .
`` So I would certainly want to speak to them first . ''
Trump also said they hoped to avoid a potential government shutdown amid a dispute between congressional Republicans and Democrats over a spending deal with a Saturday deadline looming .
But they said if a shutdown takes place , it will be the Democrats ' fault for trying to add money to the legislation to `` bail out Puerto Rico '' and other items .
They also defended the one-page tax plan they unveiled on Wednesday from criticism that it would increase the U.S. deficit , saying better trade deals and economic growth would offset the costs .
`` We will do trade deals that are going to make up for a tremendous amount of the deficit . We are going to be doing trade deals that are going to be much better trade deals , '' Trump said .
( Editing by Ross Colvin )
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Britain has two proposals on how to secure a frictionless border with EU member Ireland after Brexit , a new customs partnership or a “ highly streamlined approach ” to customs , Northern Ireland minister James Brokenshire said on Sunday .
Britain 's Secretary of State for Northern Ireland James Brokenshire arrives in Downing Street , London , November 21 , 2017 . REUTERS/Simon Dawson
“ We set out two proposals in relation to how we would deal with the issue of tariffs , how we would deal with those sorts of elements in relation to customs whether that be a new customs partnership where we would effectively apply a similar or the same tariff that the EU currently applies to goods coming into the EU , or a highly streamlined approach with effectively exemptions that would apply for small business , ” they told Sky News .
April 10 Interactive Entertainment China Cultural Technology Investments Ltd :
* Noted increase in price and trading volume of shares of company on 10 april 2017
* Board confirms that it is not aware of any reasons for such price and trading volume movements
* Group is expected to record a decrease in qtrly loss attributable to shareholders
* Expected results due decrease in unrealised losses on change in fair value of group 's financial assets
Source text ( bit.ly/2oYH863 )
Further company coverage :
Visitors admire St.Paul 's Cathedral from the restaurant floor of the Tate Modern gallery in London March 15 , 2007 . REUTERS/Alessia Pierdomenico/File Photo
LONDON British consumer borrowing grew at its weakest rate in nearly two years over the past three months , Bank of England data showed on Wednesday , highlighting households ' sense of caution as Britain moved closer to leaving the European Union .
Sterling 's slide since last year 's vote to leave the European Union is pushing up inflation , squeezing consumers and starting to undermine spending , one of the main factors to drive last year 's solid economic growth .
Unsecured consumer lending in the three months to February rose at the weakest rate since July 2015 as annualised growth slowed sharply to 8.7 percent from 10.1 percent in January - a far cry from November 's recent peak of almost 12 percent .
In cash terms , borrowing in February alone fell to 1.441 billion pounds from 1.609 billion in January - slightly beating economists ' forecasts in a Reuters poll for a drop to 1.3 billion pounds and giving sterling a small fillip .
Overnight the currency had fallen to an eight-day low against the U.S. dollar , hours before Prime Minister Theresa May was due to trigger two years of negotiations to take Britain out of the European Union .
The outlook for consumer spending is critical for Britain 's economy ahead of the divorce with the EU . Consumers kept up their spending in 2016 after June 's Brexit referendum shock but there have been signs that they are turning more wary .
With inflation surging past the BoE 's 2 percent target - fuelled in part by the pound 's fall of more than 15 percent after June 's Brexit vote - BoE policymakers are watching closely for signs of a slowdown as rising prices erode spending power .
`` Slowing credit growth is another factor compounding the shrinking role of consumer spending this year , '' said economist Jack Coy from the Centre for Economics and Business Research consultancy .
BoE Governor Mark Carney has noted how Britain 's growth relied on consumers , although the Bank has said British exporters are benefiting from the fall in the value of the pound , possibly helping offset a slowdown in domestic demand .
A Reuters poll of economists this month suggested economic growth will slow from 1.8 percent in 2016 to 1.6 percent this year , and then 1.2 percent in 2018 . [ ECILT/GB ]
Wednesday 's figures from the BoE showed that the number of mortgages for house purchase approved by lenders fell to 68,315 in February from 69,114 in January , below the median forecast of 69,900 in the Reuters poll .
Economists expect house prices to rise just 2.5 percent this year , after growth of 7 percent in the 12 months to December .
( Editing by Alison Williams )
NEW YORK U.S. stocks eased on Wednesday and the S & P 500 closed below a key technical level for the first time since Election Day , pressured by lingering geopolitical concerns and President Donald Trump 's comments on the dollar and interest rates .
Trump said in a Wall Street Journal interview that the dollar `` was getting too strong , '' though they also said they would like to see interest rates stay low .
The dollar , which has risen along with prospects for higher rates , hurts profits at U.S. multinationals when it strengthens .
`` Markets do n't like uncertainty , '' said Peter Tuz , president of Chase Investment Counsel in Charlottesville , Virginia .
`` This just kind of added another wild card into the mix in a way , whether there will be actions taken to keep the dollar from strengthening further . ''
Investors sought shelter in defensive shares and other low-risk assets . Industrials and materials were the biggest drags on the market along with financials , while utilities , staples and telecommunications gave the S & P 500 its biggest lift .
The S & P financial index .SPSY was down 0.9 percent a day ahead of results from three major banks in what will mark the start of the corporate earnings season . Analysts are expecting earnings to have risen 10 percent for all S & P 500 companies in the first quarter , Thomson Reuters data shows .
The materials .SPLRCM and industrials .SPLRCI indexes both ended more than 1 percent lower on the day .
In a sign that further weakness may be ahead , the S & P 500 closed below its 50-day moving average for the first time since Nov. 8 . The CBOE Volatility index .VIX , Wall Street 's fear gauge , extended recent gains , a day after it closed above 15 for the first time since the election .
Rising U.S. tensions with Russia , North Korea and Syria after U.S missile strikes in Syria last week and the moving of U.S. warships toward the Korean Peninsula have kept investors cautious .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI closed down 59.44 points , or 0.29 percent , to 20,591.86 , the S & P 500 .SPX lost 8.85 points , or 0.38 percent , to 2,344.93 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC dropped 30.61 points , or 0.52 percent , to 5,836.16 .
Investors are concerned these developments could distract Trump from pursuing pro-business policies such as tax cuts , simpler regulations and higher infrastructure spending , promises that have powered Wall Street to record highs since their election in November .
Wells Fargo , Citigroup ( C.N ) and JPMorgan ( JPM.N ) are due to report results on Thursday , the last trading day of the week ahead of the Good Friday holiday .
Delta Air Lines ( DAL.N ) closed down 0.5 percent at $ 45.05 despite a better-than-expected quarterly profit and an upbeat forecast for current-quarter passenger unit revenue .
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 2.16-to-1 ratio ; on Nasdaq , a 2.23-to-1 ratio favored decliners .
The S & P 500 posted 12 new 52-week highs and one new low ; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 51 new highs and 42 new lows .
About 6.2 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges , compared with the 6.6 billion daily average for the past 20 trading days , according to Thomson Reuters data .
( Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru and Lewis Krauskopf in New York ; Editing by James Dalgleish and Chizu Nomiyama )
May 2 General Motors Co :
* April U.S. retail sales of 244,406 vehicles , down 5.8 percent on a volume basis
* Expects to end 2017 at essentially same inventory levels as 2016 on a days ' supply basis , but with fewer cars , more trucks & crossovers in stock Source text ( bit.ly/2psngdQ ) Further company coverage :
LOS ANGELES The gunman who opened fire at a San Bernardino , California elementary school shot dead an adult female in a classroom , then himself , authorities said on Monday , adding that they did not believe two wounded children were targeted by the shooter .
Investigators were working to determine how the adult female victim and the shooter knew each other but said two students wounded in the incident were not related to either of them .
( Reporting by Dan Whitcomb ; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli )
Turnkey in-building wireless solutions
Media Contact
Cheytec Telecommunications
732-744-4433
* * * @ cheytec.com Cheytec Telecommunications732-744-4433
End
-- Cheytec Telecommunications announces the signing of a Supply and Services Agreement with Nokia , under which Cheytec will purchase Nokia baseband units , remote radio units , and other RF transmitting and receiving equipment used in connection with in-building cellular networks at its end user customer sites.Cheytec Telecommunications provides turnkey in-building cellular and wireless connectivity solutions that drive value for building owners and their tenants . Cheytec 's agreement with Nokia , a global leader in creating the technology to connect the world , expands its in-building and near-building solutions to provide optimal cellular coverage for tenants , occupants , and residents.Cheytec has become well known for anticipating the wireless marketplace 's evolving needs . As the demand for cellular service continues to intensify , being able to include the active equipment as part of the property owner 's technology investment enables accelerated access to the carriers ' signal . `` We are excited about this agreement wcj with Nokia as it expands our ability to deliver in-building solutions on a national basis into underserved markets '' said Jarrett Bluth , CEO of Cheytec Telecommunications . `` Our access to the active equipment powers the ecosystem for REITs and building owners looking to enhance the value of their building portfolios while addressing their tenants ' needs for fast , reliable , and high-capacity cellular service . `` Cheytec Telecommunications was founded in 2014 and is headquartered in Sayreville , New Jersey . Cheytec deploys and operates wireless telecommunication systems . This includes distributed antenna systems ( DAS ) , small cell , C-RAN , DOT , and other in-building solutions to deliver optimal wireless coverage inside office buildings , hotels , campuses , sporting venues , and other high-traffic areas . Cheytec also provides real estate and lease management services for wireless operators , and offers infrastructure leasing options.For more information , please visit our website http : //www.cheytec.com
Mar 27 , 2017 ; Miami , FL , USA ; Juan Martin del Potro of Argentina hits a forehand against Roger Federer of Switzerland ( not pictured ) on day seven of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center . Mandatory Credit : Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 27 , 2017 ; Miami , FL , USA ; Roger Federer of Switzerland celebrates after winning match point against Juan Martin del Potro of Argentina ( not pictured ) on day seven of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center . Federer won 6-3 , 6-4 . Mandatory Credit : Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 27 , 2017 ; Miami , FL , USA ; Juan Martin del Potro of Argentina hits a backhand against Roger Federer of Switzerland ( not pictured ) on day seven of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center . Federer won 6-3 , 6-4 . Mandatory Credit : Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 27 , 2017 ; Miami , FL , USA ; Roger Federer of Switzerland serves against Juan Martin del Potro of Argentina ( not pictured ) on day seven of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center . Mandatory Credit : Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 27 , 2017 ; Miami , FL , USA ; Roger Federer of Switzerland ( R ) shakes hands with Juan Martin del Potro of Argentina ( L ) after their match on day seven of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center . Mandatory Credit : Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 27 , 2017 ; Miami , FL , USA ; Roger Federer of Switzerland celebrates after winning match point against Juan Martin del Potro of Argentina ( not pictured ) on day seven of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center . Mandatory Credit : Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Roger Federer produced another dazzling performance on Monday , easing past Juan Martin del Potro in the third round at the Miami Open .
Federer wowed a boisterous , capacity crowd at Crandon Park , winning 6-3 6-4 in just over 80 minutes of nearly flawless tennis .
Former U.S. Open champion del Potro , buoyed by a large Argentine contingent who did their best to lift them with regular chants of 'ole , ole , ole ' , did not submit easily but one break in each set was enough for Federer to move on to the fourth round .
“ Shortly before I walked to the court , you could sense the atmosphere , ” Federer told the Miami Herald . “ I think if the match had gone three sets or tiebreakers or something even closer , it would have been really epic . ”
Federer improved their career record against del Potro to 16-5 , the Swiss closing out the match in style with a forehand winner before acknowledging the roaring crowd .
The 35-year-old , who missed the second half of 2016 with a knee injury , has lost only once this year , to Russian Evgeny Donskoy in early February .
An 18th grand slam crown in a five-set thriller over long-time rival Rafa Nadal at the Australian Open in January has been the highlight of the still young season , but the past two weeks in the United States have been second to none .
They ripped through the field at Indian Wells without dropping a set en route to the title , and has not lost a set in their first two matches in Miami either .
Federer is giving their opponents less time than ever to react , running them ragged by regularly standing inside the baseline and taking the ball early .
Next up for Federer is Spanish 14th seed Roberto Bautista Agut , who overcame a slow start to outlast American 22nd seed Sam Querrey 3-6 6-2 6-3 .
Czech 10th seed Tomas Berdych beat 24th seed Gilles Muller of Luxembourg 6-3 6-4 , while Adrian Mannarino of France edged Croatian Borna Coric 6-4 2-6 7-6 ( 3 ) .
In late matches , top seed Stan Wawrinka beat Malek Jaziri 6-3 6-4 as they try to capture their first tournament of the year . Wawrinka will face German Alexander Zverev after the 19-year-old beat American John Isner 6-7 ( 5 ) 7-6 ( 7 ) 7-6 ( 5 ) in athriller . Isner served 28 aces but still came up short .
Nick Kyrgios came out on top after a battle with Ivo Karlovic , the Australian winning 6-4 6-7 ( 4 ) 7-6 ( 2 ) to set up a meeting with 8th seed David Goffin , who beat Diego Schwartzman 4-6 6-3 7-5 .
( Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary , North Carolina ; Editing by Steve Keating/Peter Rutherford )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Black Diamond Public Relations Firm , a full-scale entertainment PR firm , today announced it has been named publicist of record for Award-Winning Author , Marian L. Thomas .
marianlthomaspho t
Media Contact
For media inquiries , please contact
LeAnn Sellers at leann @ blackdiamondfirm.com
* * * @ blackdiamondfirm.com For media inquiries , please contactLeAnn Sellers at leann @ blackdiamondfirm.com
End
-- Marian L. Thomas is a dynamic story-teller with five engaging and dramatic novels to their credit . Them books have been seen on national television stations such as the Oprah Winfrey Network , Ovation , and the A & E Network . They have been featured in print magazines , newspapers , and a guest on local , national , and online radio stations . `` I am looking forward to working with Black Diamond PR ; their expertise and knowledge of the book industry is a real plus . You ca n't be successful on your own , it takes a team . It 's great to have the team of Black Diamond PR , behind me . `` `` Black Diamond PR has a fresh and innovative approach to marketing and branding . Marian Thomas has a creative energy that we are really looking forward to promoting , '' said Brandy Runyan , Black Diamond 's CEO . `` We are very excited to be working with them and getting behind their brand . `` Black Diamond PR prides it 's self on a superior knowledge of publicity , public relations , and advertising in all fields of entertainment . Black Diamond Public Relations Firm advises and counsels with relation to the proper format for presentation of represented its client 's artistic talent . Black Diamond PR is responsible for the determination , proper style , mood , setting , business , and characterization in keeping with the talent 's overall image as publicity value is concerned . `` I 'm so excited to be working with Marian and having the ability to help share their literary gifts with the world . They are a truly talented woman with a vision and we have a bright future together , '' Black Diamond Publicist , LeAnn Sellers , said.More information on Marian L. Thomas can be found on the Author 's official website at www.marianlthomas.com
The Global Tubeless Tire market was valued at $ 130.16 billion in 2016 , and is projected to reach $ 212.5 billion by 2024 , having a CAGR of 6.4 % during the forecast period of 2017 to 2024 .
Tubeless tires run without a separate inner tube . Unlike pneumatic tires , tubeless tires have persistent ribs configured into the bead of the tire . In this way , the outer casing makes an air tight seal with the rim of the wheel , and air is held in the assembly of casing and rim . Tubeless tires are made up of tread , spiral layers and steel belt . Tread gives the frame support of the vehicle and enhanced grip , causing better transfer of braking stress to road . The tubeless tire market is expected to witness an impressive growth during the forecast period , as a result of its various advantages such as their high fuel efficiency , less balance weight requirement , easy repairing and safer drives as compared to pneumatic tires . In addition to this , these tires are good bump absorbents and offer better heat dissipation which increases the overall life and cost effectiveness of the tire
Market Determinants
A hiking demand for automobiles is witnessed all around the globe . This has rapidly increased the growth of vehicle production and sales , resulting to an increased requirement of tubeless tires . Moreover , rising awareness regarding road safety and stringent government regulations regarding vehicular emission and fuel economy is supposed to push the tubeless tire market growth . For example , the Transportation Recall Enhancement Accountability Documentation ( TREAD ) Act of 2000 required NHTSA to develop regulations for installing a tire pressure monitoring system in new passenger cars and light trucks . However , fluctuating prices of raw material and inclination of trend towards airless tires might restrain the market growth . Regardless of all these restraints , technological improvisations and innovations in the automotive tire industry and rise in aftermarket as a result of increased lifespan , will bring future growth opportunities to the tubeless tire market . Enhancing the fuel economy by new technical improvements regarding tire- pressure in tubeless tires , is a highly prioritized concern in the current scenario as a result of rapidly exhausting fuel resources . According to the U.S. Department of Energy , out of 130 billion gallons of fuel used in passenger cars and light trucks in 2005 , about 1.2 billion gallons were wasted as a result of driving on underinflated tires .
MARKET DETERMINANTS – IMPACT ANALYSIS
market determinats impact analysis
Request Sample Copy of the Report @ www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/tubeless-tire-market/request-sample
Segment Analysis
The global tubeless tire market is segmented on the basis of type , vehicle type , distributed channel and geography . By type , the global market is segmented into radial and bias . On the basis of vehicle type the market is defined as two-wheeler , passenger car and commercial vehicle . By distributed channel , the market is categorized as OEM and aftermarket . Geographically , the market is bifurcated as North America , Europe , Asia-pacific and Rest of World .
ASIA PACIFIC TUBELESS TIRE MARKET BY TYPE
asia pacific tubeless tire market by type
Asia Pacific held the largest share of tubeless tire market in 2016 accounting to high vehicle production in the region . Moreover , the passenger car segment will dominate the overall market throughout the forecast period of 2017-2024 .
Some major market players are Michelin , Hankook tire co. , Ltd. , Cheng Shin Rubber Ind . Co. Ltd. , Continental AG , Bridgestone Group , Pirelli & C. S.p.A. ( China National Chemical Corporation ) , Sumitomo Rubber Industries , Ltd. , The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company , Toyo Tire & Rubber Co. , Ltd. and Yokohama Rubber Company
GLOBAL TUBELESS TIRE MARKET SEGMENTATION
By Type
• Radial
• Bias
By Vehicle type
• Two-wheeler
• Passenger car
• Commercial vehicle
Distribution Channel
• OEM
• Aftermarket
By Region
North America
• U.S .
• Canada
• Mexico
Europe
• Germany
• France
• Italy
• U.K .
• Rest of Europe
Asia-Pacific
• China
• Japan
• Australia
• India
• Rest of APAC
Rest of World
• Africa
• Middle East
• Latin America
KEY MARKET PLAYERS
Michelin
• Hankook tire co. , ltd
• Cheng Shin Rubber Ind . Co. Ltd
• CONTINENTAL Corporation
• Bridgestone Group
• Pirelli & C. S.p.A. ( China National Chemical Corporation )
• Sumitomo Rubber Industries , Ltd
• The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company
• Toyo Tire & Rubber Co. , Ltd .
• Yokohama Rubber Company
Request for Customized Report @ www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/tubeless-tire-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research & Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity , extensive research , and infallibility . We provide syndicated market research reports , customization services , and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges . We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics .
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world . A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments . The research reports offering market forecasts , market entry strategies , and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential .
Contact
Esticast Research & Consulting
410 State Route 57 East , # 206 , Washington , NJ 07882
Tel : 1-908-379-7709
Fax : 1-908-379-7709
Email : help @ esticastresearch.com
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach , says their cycle over
TIRANA , June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016 , their first and only appearance at a major tournament .
FRANKFURT/MADRID European private equity-owned metals recycling group Befesa is preparing a stock market listing in a deal potentially valuing the group at up to 1.2 billion euros ( $ 1.3 billion ) , people close to the matter said .
Buyout group Triton has asked Goldman Sachs ( GS.N ) and Citi ( C.N ) to organize the listing as global coordinators later this year , the people said , adding that stock including new shares worth about 300 million euros may be sold .
Befesa , which is headquartered in Luxembourg , could reach a market capitalization of 1 billion to 1.2 billion euros in the initial public offering , they said .
Triton and Goldman Sachs declined to comment , while Citi was not immediately available for comment .
The company is hoping to benefit from buoyant stock markets and a nascent recovery of global equity listings after a 2016 slump .
Befesa specializes in recycling steel dust from the steel and galvanizing industry and salt slags from the aluminum industry and is a former unit of Abengoa ( ABG.MC ) , which sold the company to Triton in 2013 for 850 million in cash , or 1.1 billion euros including debt .
Befesa posted a decline in earnings before interest , tax , depreciation and amortization to 97 million euros in the first nine months of 2016 on sales of 518 million euros , citing depressed metals prices . 2016 figures will be published on April 6 .
Iron , zinc and aluminum prices have picked up substantially since October .
The company has a market share of more than 50 percent in Europe 's steel recycling market , according to a company presentation , and a more than 60 percent share in the market for recycling aluminum residues .
Each year , its roughly 1,900 employees turn about 2.2 million tonnes of residues into 1.3 million tonnes of new materials .
Last year , Befesa scouted market interest for its small Industrial Environmental Solutions unit , which specializes in services like industrial cleaning , soil decontamination and plastic recycling , but ended up keeping it .
Under Triton 's ownership Befesa has invested in its plants and acquired companies such as Spanish industrial chemical cleaning group Solarca and has sold some non-core assets .
For Befesa , an IPO would mark a return to the stock market . The company was listed in 1999 . But only a year later , Spanish renewable energy and engineering company Abengoa acquired 91 percent of the company and integrated it into its environmental services unit .
Abengoa has been going through major restructuring and said in February it was close to wrapping up a debt restructuring and barely escaped bankruptcy .
( Editing by Georgina Prodhan/Ruth Pitchford )
The cab driver says they are now afraid to work late night shifts after the attack . “ I 'm so afraid . I do n't want to work , ” they said , following the incident .
Days after an amazing # TurbanDay at New York , drunk passenger rips off Sikh taxi driver 's Turban in NYC hate attack https : //t.co/o6Vi8Q5Ya6 pic.twitter.com/x3e6hdK0xf — Harjinder S Kukreja ( @ SinghLions ) April 18 , 2017
The NYPD is investigating an attack as a possible hate crime after a group of people allegedly attacked a Sikh cab driver in New York City .
New York Daily News reports Harkirat Singh , 25 , was taking three men and a woman to their destination when the group accused the driver of taking them . But Singh says the group was too inebriated to tell them where to go .
“ The girl 's saying , 'Take the right . ' The Spanish guy 's saying , 'Take the left . ' So , at that time , I was confused , '' they told the Daily News .
Soon , the four started banging on the plastic divider in the cab and hurling racial slurs at Singh , who is an immigrant from Punjab , India , and came to the U.S. three years ago .
`` They 're using bad words , also . They said , ‘ Ali Baba , f -- k you , ' ” Singh recounted .
Singh eventually pulled over and told the unruly passengers to pay a fare of $ 41.76 and find another cab . It was only after the driver called 911 , the woman gave them the money , however , things took a turn for the worse from there .
One of the men allegedly got inside the cab and tried to smash the meter , before punching Singh in the arm . Then they snatched the driver 's turban , which is a symbol of spirituality and holiness in Sikhism .
“ I 'm so afraid . I do n't want to work , ” Singh told the News . `` It 's an insult on my religion , also , ” they said . “ An insult of my faith . It 's horrible . ”
The police is currently looking for only one suspect whom sources described as “ a clean-shaven white Hispanic man in their 20s , around 5-foot-9 and weighing 160 lbs . They were wearing red shoes and blue jeans . They had short hair . ”
Violent , racially charged attacks on Sikh Americans in the United States have been on the rise since the 9/11 attacks . Several surveys conducted over the past decades have found that a considerable number of Americans confuse Sikhism to be a sect of Islam but that 's not true because both are distinctly separate religions .
Last October , two white men were arrested for brutally beating up a Sikh man , forcibly removing their turban and cutting their hair off , in Richmond , California . Just in March , an attacker shot and injured a Sikh man outside their home in Kent , Washington , before allegedly saying “ get out of our country . ”
BRIEF-Newriver Reit to raise not less than 200 mln stg via placing
* ‍Proposed firm placing and placing and open offer to raise not less than 200 million stg at an offer price in range of 330 pence to 340 pence per share​ Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The Library of Birmingham has reopened after being closed for three days because of a cracked window .
The £189 million flagship building in Centenary Square , was forced to close its door to the public on Friday after a cracked pane was discovered in the atrium of the structure .
Experts have examined the crack and while it is deemed safe for now , they will be replacing it as soon as they can .
( Image : Birmingham Mail )
Birmingham City Council tweeted they were open for business this morning .
They said : “ The closure was due to a cracked pane in the atrium . Experts have confirmed that the pane is safe but we will be replacing it ASAP .
“ Thanks for your patience . ”
Library bosses decided to close to the public when a maintenance check on Friday evening discovered the crack in the huge glass roof .
For safety reasons , the building was closed whilst officers inspected the problem and assessed what work needed to be done on the broken glass .
( Image : Birmingham Mail )
Over the weekend the library sent out tweets saying they were unsure when it was due to re-open .
A Birmingham City Council spokesperson said : “ It has been closed due to an issue with a window in the atrium . It 's one of the panes in the roof which has got some cracks in it . ”
The closure also meant there were no classes on Monday at the Brasshouse Language centre which is located inside the library .
Brasshouse Languages sent out a tweet advising students , saying they would send out information regarding Tuesday 's classes later in the day .
The award-winning building was officially opened in September 2013 by Malala Yousafzai , the Pakistani schoolgirl whose life was saved by surgeons in Birmingham after they targeted in an assassination attack by the Taliban .
It was the £189m replacement for the city 's 1970s-built Central Library , which was closed in July 2013 .
It is the largest public library in the UK and the largest public cultural space in Europe .
Galway historian Catherine Corless says they are “ not surprised ” by confirmation of illegal birth registrations and believes the practice could extend to infants at the former Tuam mother and babies home .
“ Nothing would shock me now , ” Ms Corless said .
They had always maintained infants from the Tuam home could have been illegally adopted , even if recorded as having died .
“ If they can falsify a birth date , there is the possibility that death certificates were falsified , ” they said .
They had been able to trace only two records of burial among 798 death certificates recorded for the Tuam mother and babies home run by the Bon Secours order from 1925 to 1961 .
“ That means there were 796 babies and children whose burials are not accounted for in the county or surrounding areas , ” they said .
Further investigation
Possible interference with birth and death certification at mother and baby homes in Tuam , Co Galway , and in Cork was highlighted as requiring further investigation in official HSE correspondence in October 2012 , they pointed out .
The draft briefing paper had noted how deaths recorded at the Bessboro mother and baby home in Cork dropped dramatically in 1950 with the introduction of adoption legislation .
“ The mother and baby home in Tuam was similarly involved with the provision of babies to the American adoptive market , ” the HSE memo said , and “ there are letters from senior church authorities asking for babies to be identified ” for the US .
“ We know there were burials on the grounds – as confirmed by the Commission of Investigation into Mother and Baby Homes test excavation – but this is why it is important that there is full exhumation at the site , ” Ms Corless said .
The commission had confirmed in March 2017 the discovery of juvenile human remains in “ significant quantities ” on the grounds of the former home at Tuam .
An expert group established by Minister for Children Katherine Zappone had cast doubt on hopes of identification , but this was recently challenged by a University College Dublin-Trinity College team of scientists who pointed to advances in DNA testing .
“ The Government is saying that each and every one of the 126 people whose births were incorrectly registered by the St Patrick 's Guild adoption society lost their identity , and the same goes for the infants at Tuam , ” Ms Corless said .
“ I am delighted this has come out and it is great for the adoption groups who have lobbied for an audit for 10 years , ” they added .
March 31 Evolable Asia Corp
* Says it was listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange ( TSE ) first section from TSE Mothers
* Says the effective date is March 31
Source text in Japanese : goo.gl/AXfECE
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
If you live in either New York City , New Jersey , Texas or Massachusetts – chances are that you have heard of Gong Cha tea shops and their famous and highly reputable Bubble Tea . If you 're already fangirling about Gong Cha Bubble Tea , then you 're going to burst with fruit color when you hear the latest in regards to Gong Cha 's new series of Bubble Teas .
According to the President of http : //www.GongChaUSA.com/ , Anchal Lamba , “ As you may or may not know , just last month – Gong Cha released a new , Strawberry Series , which took Gong Cha tea shops by storm , as these became really popular . They used this jam consistency , which allowed for real pieces of Strawberry to be inside the beverage . It was really awesome and delicious ! ”
Gong Cha 's Strawberry Series Included the following drinks :
• Strawberry Milk Foam Green Tea
• Strawberry Milk Tea
• Strawberry Green Tea
• Strawberry Yogurt
• Strawberry Oreo Chocolate Drink
Anchal Further Announces Good News – “ But , you have n't heard nothing yet… In early May , Gong Cha tea shops in NYC , NJ , TX and in MA will be releasing yet another new series of Bubble Tea beverages. ” This new series will be their Grapefruit Series , which will include the following flavors of teas and variations :
• Grapefruit Green Tea
• Grapefruit Black Tea
• Grapefruit Yogurt
• Grapefruit with Ai-Yu Jelly
Is this awesome or what ? ! ? If you 're a fan of Bubble Tea , especially Boba Tea from Gong Cha tea shops , then you totally understand where all this enthusiasm stems from…
Though , there 's even more good news… ! Are you ready for this ? ! ? In June , Gong Cha tea shops will be launching their very new snack – “ Bubble Waffle ! ! ” Yes , this has been 100 percent confirmed . Sure , we will have to wait a little bit , but time does surely fly…
Anchar Further Says , “ Anyway , the Bubble Waffle – Gong Cha tea shops ' new upcoming snack is a Hong-Kong style egg waffle and you 'll have a ton load of toppings that you can choose to add to your Bubble Waffle , ” such as :
• Different Flavored Syrups
• Cream
• Bubbles
• Red Bean
• Fruits
• Jelly
• And so much more !
About Gong Cha and Gong Cha Bubble Tea :
Gong Cha tea shops were established and found in 2006 in Kaohsiung , Taiwan . “ Gong Cha ” means “ tribute tea for the emperor , ” which is quite the suitable name for such a well established and recognizable Bubble Tea Franchise .
Gong Cha is perhaps the most recognized Bubble Tea brand around the world . Gong Cha tea shops have surpassed their impeccable reputation against many competitors .
The utter success of Gong Cha tea shops is proved that customers have responded more than favorably to Gong Cha 's premium quality tea , products and their services .
Contact :
Anchal Lamba
516-383-9000
gongchaus @ gmail.com
http : //www.gongchausa.com/
Greater New York City Area
New York , NY , USA
Aug 13 ( Gracenote ) - Results and standings from the Finnish championship matches on Sunday Sunday , August 13 JJK 2 PS Kemi 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 HJK Helsinki 21 13 7 1 49 9 46 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 2 Lahti 21 8 11 2 28 15 35 3 KuPS 21 9 6 6 31 22 33 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 4 VPS 21 8 9 4 29 28 33 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 5 Ilves 21 8 7 6 21 21 31 6 SJK 21 8 5 8 23 31 29 7 Inter Turku 21 7 6 8 32 27 27 8 IFK Mariehamn 21 6 9 6 29 32 27 9 RoPS Rovaniemi 21 7 4 10 26 34 25 10 PS Kemi 22 6 6 10 27 33 24 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 11 HIFK 21 3 8 10 18 33 17 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 12 JJK 22 2 6 14 18 46 12 1 : Champions League preliminary round 2-3 : Europa League preliminary round 4 : Europa League depending on domestic cup 11 : Relegation play-off 12 : Relegation Next Fixtures ( GMT ) : Monday , August 14 Inter Turku v SJK ( 1530 ) HJK Helsinki v RoPS Rovaniemi ( 1530 ) IFK Mariehamn v KuPS ( 1530 ) Ilves v HIFK ( 1530 ) VPS v Lahti ( 1530 )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
( From L ) French presidential election candidate for the far-right Front National ( FN ) party , Marine Le Pen , French journalist Christophe Jakubyszyn , French journalist Nathalie Saint-Cricq and French presidential election candidate for the En Marche ! movement , Emmanuel ... REUTERS/Eric Feferberg/Pool
PARIS French far-right leader Marine Le Pen and their centrist rival Emmanuel Macron clashed on security in a heated debate ahead of Sunday 's presidential election run-off , with Le Pen accusing Macron of being complacent on Islamist fundamentalism .
`` You have no plan ( on security ) but you are indulgent with Islamist fundamentalism , '' Le Pen said during the televised debate , accusing Macron of being soft on security .
Macron retorted that terrorism would be their priority if they are elected on Sunday and accused Le Pen of being simplistic . `` What you are proposing is snake oil , '' they said , referring to their proposals to close France 's borders .
`` You are telling lies , '' they said when Le Pen alleged they had links with controversial Muslim radicals . They accused them of sowing `` civil war '' .
( Reporting by Ingrid Melander and Michel Rose ; Editing by Adrian Croft )
April 3 Jazz Pharmaceuticals Plc
* Jazz pharmaceuticals completes rolling submission of new drug application for vyxeos™ ( cpx-351 ) , an investigational treatment for acute myeloid leukemia
* Jazz pharmaceuticals plc - has requested a priority review for vyxeos nda , which , if granted , would accelerate expected timing of fda 's review Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
April 20 Newmont Mining Corp
* Newmont adds profitable gold production through expansion of Ahafo in Ghana
* Newmont Mining Corp - Mill expansion is expected to improve margins and support profitable production at Ahafo through at least 2029
* Newmont Mining - Plans to extend production at its ahafo operations by building new underground mine and expanding plant capacity by more than 50 percent Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
MIAMI ( AP ) — Anthony Walker plays in the NFL . They spent the last month in the NBA .
The Indianapolis Colts linebacker started their offseason by spending four weeks as an intern with the Miami Heat , getting a crash course on how the basketball team from their hometown handles things from a business operations standpoint . The Heat exposed Walker to plenty , including how game nights work and the execution of off-site events .
“ For me , it 's about trying to get the other side of sports , ” Walker said . “ Football 's going to end for me at some point . I want to be able to use the networks I have now to help me in the future for when I do need to find something else to do with my life . And you never know when that 's going to come . ”
The internship ended Friday . Walker is planning to be back in Indianapolis , ready to resume full-time football life in a few days .
They hope football does n't end anytime soon . Walker just completed their rookie season with the Colts , appearing in 10 games — two starts — and making 22 tackles .
But Walker , 22 , is also thinking about their future . That 's why they asked Heat assistant coach Chris Quinn for a favor .
Quinn was briefly an assistant coach at Northwestern , where Walker — who studied business management with a focus on sports , as well as marketing — played their college football . Quinn knew of Walker 's reputation from their simultaneous time with the Wildcats , and did n't hesitate when asked to help broker something for them to do with the Heat .
“ I knew they were a high-quality kid , ” Quinn said . “ Anyone in their position , a current NFL player , to reach out and request an opportunity , that means he 's very driven and about the right kind of stuff . So I had no problem trying to help them in any way I could . ”
Quinn passed Walker 's name up the Heat chain , and the internship deal was struck . Walker knows the experience will help them in their next career , but also sees ways it will make them better as a player .
“ You see all the aspects of the game and all the outside stuff that we do n't get to see as athletes , ” Walker said . “ We think we do our job and everything else just falls in place . But there 's a lot that goes into those other jobs , marketing , the equipment guys , all that stuff . You ca n't take any of that for granted . ”
In the end , both Walker and the Heat considered their time there a success .
“ He did a really good job , ” Quinn said . “ He took everything really seriously , which is awesome . ”
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share ( before tax ) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Exxon Mobil Corp :
* SAYS PLANS FIRST OIL FROM GUYANA LIZA OPERATIONS BY MARCH 2020
* SAYS PLANS TO DRILL 15 TO 20 3-MILE LATERAL WELLS IN NORTH DAKOTA ‘ S BAKKEN SHALE THIS YEAR
* SAYS SEES ETHYLENE DEMAND GROWING 5 MILLION/TONNES ANNUALLY Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Reporting By Ernest Scheyder )
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan ( before tax ) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016 , to shareholders of record on June 19
MELBOURNE , May 3 London copper dropped on Wednesday from a three-week high hit the session before as prices consolidated after failing to break technical resistance and given a lack of other drivers , traders said . FUNDAMENTALS * LME COPPER : London Metal Exchange copper slipped by 0.7 percent to $ 5,763 a tonne by 0150 GMT , paring 1.2 percent gains from the previous session when prices topped out at $ 5,820 a tonne , the highest in three weeks , and closed at the 100-day moving average . * TECHNICALS : Traders said that prices were consolidating having failed to convincingly push upside beyond resistance at the $ 5,820-40 level . * SHFE COPPER : Shanghai Futures Exchange copper slipped by half a percent to 46670 yuan ( $ 6,769 ) a tonne . * OTHER METALS : LME zinc and lead also slipped more than half a percent . * ZINC PREMIUMS : But premiums for zinc held in China bonded zones started to rise last week to $ 120-130 from $ 105-115 , the strongest since February . ZN-BMPBW-SHMET * HOLIDAYS : Japan was on its Golden Week holiday , draining liquidity from the market . * CHINA FOREX : Moves to control capital outflows and concerns over a potential further depreciation of the yuan are likely to impede the internationalisation of Chinese currency , Fitch credit rating agency said . * EU ECONOMY : The ultra-loose monetary policy environment in some regions is raising the risk of a new global financial crisis , German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said on Tuesday , urging a timely exit strategy . * METALS POLL : Aluminium 's global surplus will fall sharply this year due to an environmental crackdown in top producer China and move to a deficit in 2018 , although the market has largely priced in the impact , a Reuters poll showed . * NICKEL : Indonesia 's state-controlled miner PT Aneka Tambang ( Antam ) will resume exports of nickel ore this month , with an initial shipment of 150,000 tonnes expected to leave for China in early May , a company executive said on Tuesday . * For the top stories in metals and other news , click or MARKETS NEWS * A measure of stocks across major markets globally inched up to a record high on Tuesday , lifted by gains in Europe amid corporate and economic strength , while crude futures tumbled as prices breached key technical levels . DATA/EVENTS 0800 Germany Unemployment rate Apr 0900 Euro zone GDP flash Q1 0900 Euro zone Producer prices Mar 1215 U.S. ADP national employment Apr 1400 U.S. ISM non-manufacturing PMI Apr 1800 Federal Reserve statement after two-day policy meeting BASE METALS PRICES 0111 GMT Three month LME copper 5759.5 Most active ShFE copper 46610 Three month LME aluminium 1926 Most active ShFE aluminium 13920 Three month LME zinc 2635 Most active ShFE zinc 22025 Three month LME lead 2230 Most active ShFE lead 16315 Three month LME nickel 9505 Most active ShFE nickel 79700 Three month LME tin 19970 Most active ShFE tin 143330 BASE METALS ARBITRAGE LME/SHFE COPPER LMESHFCUc3 232.58 LME/SHFE ALUMINIUM LMESHFALc3 -1455.18 LME/SHFE ZINC LMESHFZNc3 185.83 LME/SHFE LEAD LMESHFPBc3 -2124.27 LME/SHFE NICKEL LMESHFNIc3 2051.18 ( $ 1 = 6.8945 Chinese yuan renminbi ) ( Reporting by Melanie Burton ; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell )
NEW YORK , April 5 A U.S. judge on Wednesday ordered that they be given more detail about former New York City mayor Rudolph Giuliani and another lawyer 's representation of a Turkish gold trader charged with conspiring to violate U.S. sanctions against Iran .
U.S. District Judge Richard Berman in Manhattan said they needed extra information to ensure that conflicts of interest did not prevent Giuliani and and former U.S. Attorney General Michael Mukasey from effectively representing Reza Zarrab , who is in U.S. custody .
Zarrab is accused of conspiring to conduct illegal transactions through U.S. banks on behalf of Iran 's government .
Prosecutors said in a court filing last week that eight of the U.S. banks involved in the case were clients of Giuliani or Mukasey 's law firms , and Giuliani 's firm was a registered agent of Turkey , posing potential conflicts .
Benjamin Brafman , an attorney for Zarrab , said at a court hearing on Tuesday that Giuliani and Mukasey were working on a `` diplomatic solution '' to the case and would not represent Zarrab in court .
Giuliani , who has advised U.S. President Donald Trump , and Mukasey traveled to Turkey in late February to meet with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan about the case . Brafman said Tuesday that Mukasey discussed the trip in advance with U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions .
Zarrab , a dual national of Iran and Turkey , was previously arrested in 2013 in a Turkish corruption probe of people tied to Erdoğan , then prime minister of Turkey .
Berman ordered Brafman to meet with Giuliani and Mukasey and submit information on what kind of work they were hired to do for Zarrab , what kind of work their firms had done for the banks and what the firms were doing to avoid conflicts .
The judge ordered Brafman to say whether Zarrab 's legal fees were being paid by someone else , and if so , who .
Berman also ordered Brafman to submit a description of the relationship between Giuliani 's law firm and Turkey , including any involvement by Giuliani himself .
Another hearing is set for April 24 .
Brafman had previously argued that Zarrab 's communications with Giuliani and Mukasey were confidential . Brafman declined to comment on Wednesday .
Berman in Wednesday 's order sought to tamp down speculation about the politically charged case .
`` It should be noted that , notwithstanding the hyperbole which principally has come from outside the courtroom , the case has progressed professionally and appropriately within the courtroom , '' they said . ( Reporting By Brendan Pierson ; Editing by Andrew Hay )
A 10-year-old schoolgirl from Upper Ballinderry is taking on a mammoth 100-day physical challenge to raise funds for vital cancer research .
Leah Williams , a pupil at Maghaberry Primary School , is well over halfway to completing the ‘ One Million Steps Closer to Life Without Cancer ' challenge , which was set up by Dr Gwyneth Hinds to raise funds for the Centre for Cancer Research and Cell Biology ( CCRCB ) at Queen 's University , Belfast .
Leah Williams ( 10 ) is taking on the One Million Steps Closer to Life Without Cancer challenge .
Explaining how their daughter got involved with the challenge , Leah 's proud mum , Carolyn explained : “ She bought themselves a Fitbit with their Christmas money at that same time my work colleague , Karen mentioned that their friend , Dr Gwyneth Hinds had started a challenge to raise funds for Queen 's CCRCB .
“ Karen suggested it might be an idea to discuss with Leah the possibility of doing the challenge to raise money as we know people with cancer - Karen had breast cancer and unfortunately Leah 's great-grandfather was diagnosed with cancer last year .
“ I went home and discussed the challenge with Leah and explained the importance of raising funds for cancer research to help people like Karen and Leah 's great-grandfather .
“ Leah thought about it and decided they would like to take the challenge up and was committed to achieving their 10,000 steps per day for 100 days .
“ She often exceeds their daily 10,000 steps and has taken their responsibilty seriously and is constantly monitoring their steps throughout the day .
“ She is over halfway through their challenge and has already walked more than 600,000 steps and exceeded all expectations by raising almost £700 so far . ”
Dr Hinds , who along with Belfast City Hospital theatre sister Jennifer Ard has already completed the one million steps challenge , praised Leah for their efforts .
“ Leah started on April 1 and after just over 50 days has already walked more than 600,000 steps and raised almost £700 for cancer research at CCRCB , ” they said .
“ Our challenge , One Million Steps Closer to Life Without Cancer , will not only help us improve our health but will support vital cancer research at Queen 's University . ”
Anyone who would like to support Leah in their fundraising effort can donate online at www.justgiving.com/fundraising/leahwill10k ( click here )
For more information about the challenge check out the One Million Steps Closer to Life Without Cancer Facebook page .
* Q1 export orders +12.6 pct y/y , March +12.3 pct ( f'cast +10 pct )
* Strong order growth continues from China , U.S .
* Orders for major electronics components grow by double digit
By Faith Hung and Liang-Sa Loh
TAIPEI , April 20 Taiwan 's export orders rose for the eighth straight month in March and at a faster pace than expected as global demand remained strong for components of Apple Inc 's new iPhone and other tech gadgets .
The continued expansion bodes well for the island 's trade-driven economy and revenues for many companies in the global electronics supply chain , though the export outlook remains clouded by worries about a rise in U.S. protectionism .
Taiwan 's export orders rose 12.3 percent in March from a year earlier , above the 10 percent forecast in a Reuters poll but slowing from a 22 percent pace the prior month .
In the first quarter , orders rose 12.6 percent from the same period last year , government data showed on Thursday .
`` Although the first half of the year is the time when outgoing and incoming models of high-end handheld devices overlap , the Internet of things , automotive electronics , and cloud computing and other emerging technologies accelerate the development , '' the ministry of economic affairs said .
`` Orders for traditional goods ( also ) remain solid , benefiting from global economic recovery and raw materials prices rebounding '' from recent lows , it said .
Taiwan 's orders are a leading indicator of actual shipments two to three months ahead and a gauge of demand for Asia 's high-tech gadgets .
Mainland China , South Korea and Japan have also reported strong export data in recent months , with gains in electronics .
Orders for technology components , including those used in electronic , information and telecommunications goods , all showed double-digit growth , the ministry said .
Growing demand for semiconductors for smartphones , cars and home devices has been fueling capital investment in new manufacturing technology , propelling a rally over the past year in stock prices of chipmakers and companies that make equipment for them .
Shares of Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co , the world 's largest contract chipmaker and a major supplier to Apple , rose more than 7 percent at one point this year before pulling back this month .
TSMC said on Thursday it had ordered machinery equipment worth T $ 354 million ( $ 11.64 million ) from Genesis Technology Inc
U.S.-listed Shares of semiconductor equipment suppliers surged on Wednesday after quarterly earnings reports from Lam Research and ASML Holding suggested the recent wave of spending by chipmakers was far from over .
`` Business remains exceptional , '' Morgan Stanley analyst Joseph Moore wrote following Lam Research 's report . `` We could see upward revisions to spending throughout the year , and we expect memory ( chips ) to remain strong . ''
Export orders from Taiwan 's best customers generally remained solid in March but grew at a slower pace than in February .
Orders from China , Taiwan 's biggest market , were up 19.9 percent in March , slowing down from 40.5 percent growth from the previous month .
From the United States , orders climbed 15.4 percent versus 21.1 percent growth in February .
Orders from Europe rose 3.8 percent from 12.9 percent in the previous month . ( Reporting by Faith Hung ; Editing by Kim Coghill )
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. President Donald Trump spoke to South Korean President Moon Jae-in on Friday about human rights in North Korea and trade between the United States and South Korea , the White House said .
“ The two leaders discussed the importance of improving the human rights situation in North Korea and underscored their commitment to work together on this issue , ” it said in a statement . “ President Trump also reiterated their commitment to addressing the trade imbalance between the two countries . ”
Trump also wished South Korea a successful Winter Olympics .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Fitch : Growth and Profitability under Pressure for U.S. Captive Finance Cos .
( The following statement was released by the rating agency ) Link to Fitch Ratings ' Report : U.S. Captive Finance Companies : 2016 Review ( Leverage Remains Elevated as Asset Quality Weakens ) https : //www.fitchratings.com/site/re/899435 NEW YORK , June 14 ( Fitch ) Captive finance companies are likely to face continued pressure on profitability due to rising credit losses , declining residual values and higher funding costs , according to a review of U.S. Captive Finance Companies from Fitch Ratings . In a
CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004 , after Moody 's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG , June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds , in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody 's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May .
High Surf Warning issued February 02 at 3:22PM HST until February 04 at 6:00PM HST by NWS
Our weather team will bring you any urgent weather alerts or updates as they occur . Check our breaking news section for the latest .
* * Click directly on the images below to make them larger . Charts include : Maui County high/low forecasted temperatures , projected winds , projected localized weather conditions and expected wave heights . * *
+ SWIPE LEFT OR RIGHT SWIPE LEFT OR RIGHT
West Side
Overnight : Widespread haze . Mostly clear , with a low around 68 . Calm wind .
Saturday : Scattered showers after noon . Widespread haze . Mostly sunny , with a high near 84 . Calm wind becoming west southwest around 5 mph . Chance of precipitation is 30 % .
Saturday Night : Widespread haze . Partly cloudy , with a low around 66 . Calm wind .
ADVERTISEMENT
South Side
Overnight : Widespread haze . Partly cloudy , with a low around 66 . Calm wind .
Saturday : Scattered showers after noon . Widespread haze . Partly sunny , with a high near 84 . Calm wind becoming west around 5 mph . Chance of precipitation is 30 % . New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible .
Saturday Night : Isolated showers . Widespread haze . Partly cloudy , with a low around 64 . Light east wind . Chance of precipitation is 20 % .
North Shore
Overnight : Widespread haze . Partly cloudy , with a low around 67 . Light south southeast wind .
Saturday : Isolated showers . Widespread haze . Mostly sunny , with a high near 82 . Light south southeast wind becoming east 5 to 10 mph in the morning . Chance of precipitation is 20 % .
Saturday Night : Widespread haze . Partly cloudy , with a low around 65 . South southeast wind 3 to 6 mph .
Central Maui
Overnight : Widespread haze . Partly cloudy , with a low around 65 . Calm wind .
Saturday : Isolated showers after noon . Widespread haze . Mostly sunny , with a high near 82 . Calm wind becoming east northeast around 5 mph . Chance of precipitation is 20 % .
Saturday Night : Widespread haze . Partly cloudy , with a low around 63 . Light and variable wind .
Upcountry
Overnight : Widespread haze . Partly cloudy , with a low around 55 . Calm wind .
Saturday : Scattered showers after noon . Widespread haze . Mostly sunny , with a high near 69 . Calm wind becoming west northwest around 6 mph in the afternoon . Chance of precipitation is 30 % . New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible .
Saturday Night : Widespread haze . Partly cloudy , with a low around 53 . East wind around 5 mph becoming calm after midnight .
East Maui
Overnight : Scattered showers . Widespread haze . Mostly cloudy , with a low around 63 . Southeast wind around 11 mph . Chance of precipitation is 30 % .
Saturday : Scattered showers . Widespread haze . Partly sunny , with a high near 80 . Breezy , with a southeast wind 11 to 16 mph , with gusts as high as 22 mph . Chance of precipitation is 30 % . New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible .
Saturday Night : Isolated showers . Widespread haze . Mostly cloudy , with a low around 61 . East southeast wind around 11 mph becoming west in the evening . Chance of precipitation is 20 % .
Lanai City
Overnight : Isolated showers . Widespread haze . Mostly cloudy , with a low around 65 . Calm wind . Chance of precipitation is 20 % .
Saturday : Scattered showers , mainly after noon . Widespread haze . Partly sunny , with a high near 76 . Light and variable wind . Chance of precipitation is 40 % . New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible .
Saturday Night : Isolated showers . Widespread haze . Mostly cloudy , with a low around 65 . Light and variable wind . Chance of precipitation is 20 % .
Kaunakakai
Overnight : Isolated showers . Widespread haze . Partly cloudy , with a low around 68 . Calm wind . Chance of precipitation is 20 % .
Saturday : Scattered showers , mainly after noon . Widespread haze . Partly sunny , with a high near 82 . Light and variable wind . Chance of precipitation is 30 % .
Saturday Night : Isolated showers . Widespread haze . Partly cloudy , with a low around 67 . Calm wind . Chance of precipitation is 20 % .
Looking Ahead
Warm and muggy conditions with light to moderate southerly winds will hold in place through the weekend as a broad upper trough and front remain positioned west of the state . Periods of heavy showers will remain possible each day , especially over the smaller northwest islands . A strong upper trough and cold front will approach and slowly move down the island chain late Sunday through midweek bringing widespread showers and the potential for thunderstorms . Drier air and northerly winds will fill in across the state behind this front as a ridge of high pressure builds north of the state .
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach , says their cycle over
TIRANA , June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016 , their first and only appearance at a major tournament .
CHICAGO , March 31 The credit rating for Bridgeview , Illinois , fell into the junk level on Friday after S & P Global Ratings hit the Chicago suburb with a four-notch downgrade to BB-minus .
S & P cited debt pressures on Bridgeview , which issued $ 135 million of general obligation ( GO ) bonds in 2005 for a stadium that it owns and manages . `` The downgrade reflects our view that the village will continue to face acute business , financial , and economic uncertainties related to its debt burden , particularly the debt issued for its Toyota Park stadium , '' S & P analyst Blake Yocom said in a statement .
S & P placed the junk rating on a watch list for a possible further downgrade due to concerns over potentially reduced market access and weakened liquidity for Bridgeview .
Village officials did not immediately respond to a request for comment . Bridgeview is considering restructuring $ 24.5 million of variable-rate bonds to a fixed-rate mode with a 2047 maturity , according to S & P .
The credit rating agency said it expects Bridgeview , which has used restructurings in the past to ease debt service payments and minimize property tax hikes , to continue the practice , possibly pushing bond maturities out to years beyond the useful life of the stadium .
It added that the `` underperforming '' stadium has left the suburb with an `` extremely high '' GO debt burden that totals about $ 256 million and `` very weak '' liquidity .
With seating for as many as 28,000 , Toyota Park , which opened in 2006 , hosts soccer games , concerts and other events in the village of 17,000 located southwest of Chicago .
( Reporting by Karen Pierog ; Editing by Lisa Shumaker )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
PARIS Belgian Thierry Neuville won the Rally of France in Corsica for Hyundai on Sunday to become the fourth different driver to triumph in four rounds so far this season .
France 's four-times world champion Sebastien Ogier finished second , 54.7 seconds behind , for the M-Sport Ford team to increase their overall lead .
Spaniard Dani Sordo lost out on second place by 1.3 seconds in the closing Power Stage but made it a podium double for Hyundai by finishing third .
Ogier won the opening race in Monte Carlo in January , with Finland 's Jari-Matti Latvala taking victory in Sweden for Toyota in February and Kris Meeke triumphant in Mexico last month with Citroen .
Ogier now has 88 points to Latvala 's 75 with Neuville moving up to third on 54 . Latvala finished fourth on Sunday but took an extra five points for winning the Power Stage .
( Reporting by Alan Baldwin in London , editing by Pritha Sarkar )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Vestas Wind Systems A/S :
* VESTAS TO ACQUIRE UTOPUS INSIGHTS , A LEADING ENERGY ANALYTICS AND DIGITAL SOLUTIONS COMPANY
* VESTAS SAYS ACQUISITION PRICE FOR UTOPUS INSIGHTS IS APPROX . USD 100M
* VESTAS SAYS CONSIDERATION WILL BE PAID IN CASH FROM READILY AVAILABLE SOURCES
* VESTAS- ‍FOR 2017 , UTOPUS INSIGHTS IS , ON A STAND-ALONE BASIS , EXPECTED TO REPORT CONSOLIDATED REVENUES BELOW USD 10 MILLION​ Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
A logo of Monte dei Paschi di Siena bank is seen on the ground in Siena , Italy , November 5 , 2014 . REUTERS/Giampiero Sposito/File Photo
SIENA , Italy Monte dei Paschi di Siena ( BMPS.MI ) is still negotiating with the European Commission how many jobs to cut in a radical restructuring plan that is a condition for a state rescue of the Italian bank , Chief Executive Marco Morelli said on Wednesday .
The world 's oldest bank , whose troubles date back several years , asked for state support in December after failing to raise 5 billion euros ( $ 5.3 billion ) on the market to shore up its capital .
The European Central Bank has since put the capital shortfall that the bank must fill at 8.8 billion euros . The Italian government is expected to pump 6.6 billion euros into the bank , taking a stake of around 70 percent .
But for state aid to be unlocked , the European Commission must approve the bank 's restructuring and negotiations are dragging on .
Morelli 's own business plan , unveiled in October , envisaged 2,600 layoffs - around 10 percent of the bank 's employees - and 500 branch closures , but they said Brussels is demanding `` a much more stringent approach '' in terms of cost cuts and revenue targets .
Morelli told a shareholder meeting on Wednesday they did not know the final number of job cuts . A source close to the matter said the EU was asking for a staff reduction of more than 5,000 people .
`` We are negotiating a plan that will be radically different from the one that the bank had presented to the market , '' Morelli said . `` We have told our counterparts that we need to find the right compromise ... Right now I am not in a position to give numbers ( on layoffs ) . ''
One big hurdle is the bank 's mountain of problem loans , which stand at 46 billion euros on a gross basis - the highest amount relative to a bank 's capital in Italy .
Monte dei Paschi 's failed capital raising last year was designed to cover losses from the planned disposal of 28 billion euros of its most toxic soured debts .
Morelli said the bank needed to get rid of such loans as soon as possible , but also said the timing and details of the sale were still being discussed as Monte dei Paschi wanted to minimise further loan losses .
They said it would take years for the bank to reverse a 28 billion euros loss in commercial deposits suffered in 2016 when customers were worried about its survival .
Italy is trying to shore up its problem banks to avoid losses for creditors and depositors that could undermine confidence in the banking system .
Monte dei Paschi is not the only Italian bank that is seeking a state bailout . Two regional lenders , Banca Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca , last month also requested a so-called precautionary recapitalisation by the state . The ECB has put the combined capital shortfall for these two lenders at 6.4 billion euros .
( Editing by Jane Merriman )
April 10 Shanghai Conant Optics Co Ltd :
* Sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 478.6 percent to 506.4 percent , or to be 52 million yuan to 54.5 million yuan
* Says Q1 FY 2016 net profit was 9.0 million yuan
* Says Shanghai-based smart tech firm 's performance consolidated in the financial statements and steady growth in resin lens relative business as main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/OksHJU
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Kinder Morgan Canada invites aboriginal investment as pipeline faces block
CALGARY , Alberta , June 14 Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd welcomes investment from the country 's aboriginals so that they have a stake in its Trans Mountain pipeline expansion , its head said on Wednesday , as the company braces for major obstacles for the project .
April 3 Sygnity SA :
* Said on Friday that its supervisory board named Jakub Lesniewski , Sygnity 's deputy CEO for finance , acting CEO for the interim period until they appoint a permanent CEO
* Jan Maciejewicz resigns as the company 's CEO due to personal reasons as of March 31
Source text for Eikon :
Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
HKMA chief expects city 's banks to raise rates after Fed rate hike
HONG KONG , June 15 Hong Kong 's central bank chief said on Thursday they expect banks in the city to raise interest rates gradually and there could be an increase in capital outflows from the financial hub due to arbitrage plays with the local currency .
A woman uses their mobile phone to read voters list during a parliamentary election at a poling station in Yerevan , Armenia , April 2 , 2017 . Vahan Stepanyan/PAN Photo/Handout via REUTERS
Businessman and opposition leader Gagik Tsarukyan votes during a parliamentary election at a poling station in Yerevan , Armenia , April 2 , 2017 . Varo Rafayelyan/PAN Photo/Handout via REUTERS
Armenia 's President Serzh Sarksyan casts their ballot during a parliamentary election at a poling station in Yerevan , Armenia April 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Vahram Baghdasaryan/Photolure
YEREVAN President Serzh Sarksyan 's ruling Republican Party won elections in Armenia on Sunday , official results showed , laying the foundation for a new parliamentary system of government .
The Republican Party of Armenia ( RPA ) had 49.12 percent of the votes while the opposition Tsarukyan Alliance led by wealthy business person Gagik Tsarukyan gathered 27.32 percent .
The government-loyal Dashnaktsutyun Party had 6.57 percent and the opposition bloc Yelk ( `` Way Out '' ) 7.77 percent , enough for both to enter parliament .
Central Election Commission chairperson Tigran Mukuchyan said the figures were based on results from all 2,009 polling stations .
They said nothing about violations of election rules . The prosecutor 's office said it had been reviewing media reports of violations during the voting and count process .
Opposition parties said they had also filed complaints on irregularities to the prosecutor 's office , but gave no further details .
The Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe , observing the conduct of the election , said on Monday there had been some abuses .
It said in a statement the poll was `` well administered and fundamental freedoms were generally respected '' , but added :
`` There was credible information of vote-buying , of pressure on public servants including in schools and hospitals , and of intimidation of voters to vote for certain parties . ''
`` This contributed to an overall lack of public confidence in the electoral process . ''
NEW CONSTITUTION
The Republicans and Dashnaktsutyun , partners in the current parliament , could create a coalition again , getting the right to name the future prime minister , who is expected to be the incumbent Karen Karapetyan .
The election was Armenia 's first under a new constitution , approved in a December 2015 referendum . Parliament , rather than voters , will elect the president for the first time in 2018 .
Sarksyan , 62 , leader of the RPA and president since 2008 , has repeatedly denied the constitutional changes were engineered to allow them to retain influence in the former Soviet republic after their final presidential term ends next year .
The new system reduces the presidency to a ceremonial post and increases the powers of the prime minister . Critics say Sarksyan could keep wielding executive power by becoming prime minister in 2018 .
Many Armenians accuse the government of corruption and of mishandling the troubled economy .
Armenia depends heavily for aid and investment on Russia , which has been hard hit in the past three years by an economic downturn . Armenia has felt the impact , with growth falling to 0.2 percent last year from 3.0 percent in 2015 .
( Additional reporting by Margarita Antidze ; Editing by Andrew Roche )
March 31 ( Gracenote ) - Results from the World championships Ice Dance Short Dance on Friday 1 . Tessa Virtue/Scott Moir ( Canada ) 82.43 Q 2 . Gabriella Papadakis/Guillaume Cizeron ( France ) 76.89 Q 3 . Madison Hubbell/Zachary Donohue ( U.S. ) 76.53 Q 4 . Madison Chock/Evan Bates ( U.S. ) 76.25 Q 5 . Maia Shibutani/Alex Shibutani ( U.S. ) 74.88 Q 6 . Kaitlyn Weaver/Andrew Poje ( Canada ) 74.84 Q 7 . Anna Cappellini/Luca Lanotte ( Italy ) 73.70 Q 8 . Ekaterina Bobrova/Dmitriy Soloviev ( Russia ) 73.54 Q 9 . Piper Gilles/Paul Poirier ( Canada ) 72.83 Q 10 . Aleksandra Stepanova/Ivan Bukin ( Russia ) 69.07 Q 11 . Charlene Guignard/Marco Fabbri ( Italy ) 67.56 Q 12 . Isabella Tobias/Ilya Tkachenko ( Israel ) 66.27 Q 13 . Laurence Fournier Beaudry/Nikolaj Sorensen ( Denmark ) 66.05 Q 14 . Aleksandra Nazarova/Maksym Nikitin ( Ukraine ) 63.86 Q 15 . Natalia Kaliszek/Maksym Spodyriev ( Poland ) 63.37 Q 16 . Olivia Smart/Adria Diaz ( Spain ) 60.93 Q 17 . Alisa Agafonova/Alper Ucar ( Turkey ) 60.80 Q 18 . Wang Shiyue/Liu Xinyu ( China ) 60.77 Q 19 . Yura Min/Alexander Gamelin ( Korea ) 57.47 Q 20 . Kavita Lorenz/Panagiotis Polizoakis ( Germany ) 57.10 Q 21 . Marie-Jade Lauriault/Romain Le Gac ( France ) 56.43 22 . Lilah Fear/Lewis Gibson ( Britain ) 54.82 23 . Kana Muramoto/Chris Reed ( Japan ) 54.68 24 . Cecilia Torn/Jussiville Partanen ( Finland ) 52.22 25 . Tina Garabedian/Simon Proulx-Senecal ( Armenia ) 51.39 26 . Nicole Kuzmich/Alexandr Sinicyn ( Czech Republic ) 51.02 27 . Viktoria Kavaliova/Yurii Bieliaiev ( Belarus ) 49.73 28 . Lorenza Alessandrini/Pierre Souquet ( France ) 49.51 29 . Olga Jakushina/Andrey Nevskiy ( Latvia ) 48.26 30 . Taylor Tran/Saulius Ambrulevicius ( Lithuania ) 46.14
April 3 London Stock Exchange Group Plc :
* Notes Euronext announcement over deal with ICE Clear Netherlands for provision of clearing services for its financial derivatives and commodities markets
* LCH SA is in discussions to establish a connection to turquoise , pan-european mtf venue with more than 10 pct market share
* In 2016 contribution from derivatives clearing was immaterial to LCH SA , at less than 8 percent of LCH SA 's adjusted operating profit Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Bengaluru Newsroom : +91 80 6749 1136 )
DAKAR France has killed more than 20 militants hiding in a forest near the border between the West African countries of Mali and Burkina Faso this weekend , its regional force said in a statement .
The operation followed the death of a French soldier nearby earlier this month . It involved both air and ground strikes , the statement said . It did not identify the militant group .
Mali has been regularly hit by Islamist militant violence , despite a 2013 French-led operation to drive them out of key northern cities they had seized . It extended a state of emergency by six months this weekend .
But violence in its southern neighbour , Burkina Faso , began to intensify last year with an attack in the capital that killed dozens . Burkinabe officials believe a new Islamist militant group called Ansar al-Islam led by a local preacher was using the Foulsare Forest as a base for launching attacks elsewhere .
France has deployed some 4,000 soldiers to fight Islamist militants in the region .
( Reporting by Emma Farge ; Additional reporting by Matthias Blamont in Paris ; Editing by Robin Pomeroy , Larry King )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
PARIS , April 20 AccorHotels , Europe 's biggest hotel group , on Thursday reported a 7.4 percent rise in first quarter revenue on a like-for-like basis , with brisk business in Germany and the United Kingdom countering a weak performance in Brazil .
The French company , which has been trying to improve revenues at home and expand in the luxury end of the market globally , said some new areas such as concierge services were also growing strongly .
Accorhotels posted revenue of 425 million euros ( $ 458 million ) in the first three months of the year .
`` The trends observed in the first quarter in the vast majority of regions reflect a favourable environment for the hotel industry , '' Chief Executive Sebastien Bazin said in a statement , adding this was particularly the case in France , Europe and Asia . ( Reporting by Sarah White and Pascale Denis , Editing by Maya Nikolaeva )
RPT-COLUMN-OPEC and U.S. shale drillers are on collision course : Kemp
LONDON , June 14 The oil market is on an unsustainable course with output from U.S. shale and other non-OPEC sources 010increasing rapidly , while OPEC and its allies trim production to reduce inventories and prop up prices .
ISTANBUL , March 31 Turkish state-run lender Halkbank 's operations and transactions fully comply with national and international regulations , it said in a statement regarding the arrest of its deputy general manager Mehmet Hakan Atilla in the United States .
Atilla was charged with participating in a multi-year scheme to violate sanctions against Iran and conspiring with Turkish-Iranian gold trader Reza Zarrab , who is already on trial .
In a statement released to the Istanbul stock exchange late on Thursday , Halkbank said there was news in some media organs in recent days discrediting the bank and misleading the public and investors regarding their arrest .
`` Our Bank 's operations and transactions fully comply with national and international regulations all the time . Our Bank takes all measures to protect its shareholders , business partners and depositors ' right , '' the statement said . ( Reporting by Birsen Altayli ; Editing by Daren Butler )
March 29 Kingold Jewelry Inc :
* Kingold Jewelry reports 2016 fourth quarter and year end financial results highlighted by annual sales of $ 1.4 billion and record net income
* Q4 earnings per share $ 0.63
* Kingold Jewelry- qtrly net sales $ 357.6 million , compared to $ 280.8 million ; sold total of 19.7 metric tons 24-karat gold products , compared to 16.2 metric tons
* Kingold Jewelry Inc- expects to process between 70 metric tons and 80 metric tons of 24-karat gold products in 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
BRIEF-Xinhuanet to pay FY 2016 div
* Says it will distribute one new share for every share as stock dividends for FY 2016 , to shareholders of record on June 21
ANKARA Iran 's foreign ministry has summoned Pakistan 's ambassador in Tehran to protest against the killing of nine Iranian border guards by Sunni militants attacking from neighbouring Pakistan , Iran 's state news agency IRNA reported on Friday .
The Sunni Muslim militant group called Jaish al Adl , or the Army of Justice , has claimed responsibility for the attack on Wednesday in Iran 's Sistan-Baluchestan Province .
`` Iran expects Pakistan to take serious and essential measures to arrest and punish those terrorists responsible for the killing of our nine guards , '' IRNA quoted Foreign Ministry spokesperson Bahram Qasemi as saying .
`` The message was delivered to Ambassador Asif Ali Khan Durrani on Friday , '' they said .
Iran 's southeastern Sistan-Baluchestan province , whose majority population is Sunni Muslim Baluch people like those across the border in Pakistan 's Baluchistan province , lies on a major transit route for drug smugglers . It has long been plagued by unrest both from them and from separatist militants .
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani also called on Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to prosecute the militants who had killed the Iranian border guards .
`` Regrettably , a lack of appropriate measures and necessary prosecution on the part of the Pakistani government have caused great loss of lives and property for Iran , '' Rouhani said in a statement , quoted by the semi-official Mehr news agency .
The Jaish al Adl group has in the past carried out several attacks against Iranian security forces , aimed at highlighting what they say is discrimination against Sunni Muslims and the ethnic Baluch in Shi'ite-dominated Iran . Iran denies the claim .
The group killed eight border guards in 2015 and 14 border guards two years earlier .
( Writing by Parisa Hafezi ; Editing by Tom Heneghan )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
BEIJING , April 12 China 's producer price inflation cooled for the first time in seven months in March as iron ore and coal prices tumbled , pressured by fears that domestic demand is not strong enough to absorb surging supplies of steel .
The producer price index ( PPI ) rose 7.6 percent from a year earlier , in line with economists ' expectations for a moderation from the previous month 's gain of 7.8 percent .
China 's consumer price index ( CPI ) rose 0.9 percent from a year earlier , edging up from February 's 0.8 percent but slightly below analysts ' forecasts , the National Bureau of Statistics said on Wednesday .
Analysts polled by Reuters had predicted March consumer price inflation would edge up to 1.0 percent but remain well within the central bank 's comfort zone , giving it room to continue with a gradual pace of monetary policy tightening without risking crimping economic growth . ( Reporting by Nicholas Heath and Yawen Chen ; Editing by Kim Coghill )
BRIEF-Atos wins contract with GENCI
* CONTRACT AIMS TO DELIVER ONE OF MOST POWERFUL SUPERCOMPUTERS IN WORLD , PLANNED FOR END OF 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
April 10 Micro-x Ltd :
* Entitlement offer will open on , 20 April 2017 and closes at 5:00pm on 2 May 2017 , and is expected to raise up to about $ 4.8 mln
* Entitlement at issue price of $ 0.40 per new share Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Ever since Sky first started broadcasting in the 1980s , it has been synonymous with two things : billionaire media mogul Rupert Murdoch and the concept of satellite television . Now the question is , which of these will it leave behind first ?
The company is 39 per cent owned by Murdoch 's 21st Century Fox , which is bidding to buy 100 per cent of it , though it has encountered a regulatory stumbling block , as the UK 's Competition and Markets Authority does n't think a man who owns so many newspapers should also be in control of Sky News . But even if Murdoch succeeds , their full ownership of Sky might not last for long : Fox 's stake in Sky , whatever its size , is among the assets that it has agreed to sell to global media conglomerate Disney .
More impact
Another change coming down the tracks may have more impact on Sky subscribers . The pay-TV company has signalled that it will soon allow its customers to “ ditch the dish ” . It has been edging in this direction for a while : Sky 's forays into the “ pay-lite ” TV market through the Now TV service effectively allowed dish-less viewers to access its content for the first time .
In what it describes as a “ major development ” , Sky has now confirmed that it will move further from its satellite broadcasting origins by making all of its channels and content available over the broadband-connected Sky Q box – with no need for a dish .
This will start in its Italian market , followed by Austria , so it may take some time before it reaches Ireland , while the company has also said it has no plans to stop broadcasting by satellite . But the trajectory of technology in the television business could n't be clearer : satellites are yesterday 's news . Sky , whoever ends up owning it , is moving on .
( Corrects to `` 1.495 million to 1.535 million '' from `` 1,495 million to 1,535 million '' in paragraph 6 )
May 2 ConocoPhillips reported a quarterly profit on Tuesday , compared with a year-earlier loss , helped by a gain on its sale of oil sands and western Canadian natural gas assets to Cenovus Energy Inc .
ConocoPhillips 's results also reflected a slow but steady improvement across the industry as crude prices stabilize after a two-year rout , as an OPEC-led production cut and a rebound in demand slowly erode a global glut .
The company said its total realized price was $ 36.18 per barrel of oil equivalent in the first quarter , compared with $ 22.94 , a year earlier .
The Houston-based company 's production and operating costs fell by 4 percent in the quarter .
ConocoPhillips ' production , excluding Libya , inched up 2 percent to 1.584 million barrels of oil equivalent per day ( boepd ) in the latest reported quarter .
The company forecast production of 1.495 million to 1.535 million boepd for the second quarter .
ConocoPhillips said its forecast excludes output from Libya , but does not reflect the impact of recently announced asset sales .
The company 's net profit was $ 800 million , or 62 cents per share , in the first quarter ended March 31 , compared with a net loss of $ 1.5 billion , or $ 1.18 per share , a year earlier .
Excluding a gain on the sale of assets in Canada , loss was 2 cents per share . ( Reporting by Swetha Gopinath in Bengaluru ; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Shounak Dasgupta )
By Annie Reuter
Update : Drake has deleted their Instagram post .
Drake surprised the crowd at Coachella this past weekend when they joined Future for a three-song performance of “ Jumpman , ” “ Gyalchester ” and “ Fake Love ” and while they looked like they had a blast on stage , the rapper revealed that they had a much less enjoyable experience when they were racially profiled during their stay at the Madison Club .
Related : Drake , Migos Joins Future on Stage at Coachella
While the club is described as “ the most exclusive private residential community in La Quinta , California offering the finest golf and club facilities in an intimate and sophisticated setting , ” it seems that Drizzy did n't enjoy all of the amenities the joint has to offer . After their visit to the establishment , Drake slammed the Madison Club on social media .
“ The most offensive place I have ever stayed at in my life with staff who pick and choose who they are going to accommodate based on racial profiling , ” they caption an image of the club .
Drake 's fans had their back and quickly began posting one-star ratings to the Madison Club on Yelp . If the country club did n't know who Drake was while they were staying there , they do now .
JOHANNESBURG May 3 Life Healthcare Group said on Wednesday it expected its earnings in the half-year to March 31 to be between 70 and 75 percent lower , citing costs related to the acquisition of Alliance Medical .
Life Healthcare said headline earnings per share , the most widely used profit measure in South Africa that excludes some one-off items , would be between 23.3 and 27.9 cents for the six-months to the end of March , compared to 93 cents a year earlier .
Core profit ( EBITDA ) for the company 's Southern Africa operations is expected to be between 1.5 to 2.5 percent below 2016 due to the lower trading and the impact of the loss of the Gauteng Mental Health contract , the company said in a statement .
`` Headline earnings per share are below the comparative period last year primarily due to the impact of the acquisition of Alliance Medical and once off items related to the investment in Poland , '' the company said .
The private healthcare provider launched a 9 billion rand ( $ 673 million ) rights issue to fund its acquisition of Britain 's Alliance Medical , expanding beyond its heavily regulated home market .
In January , the company scaled back its initial plan to raise 10.7 billion rand after shareholders raised concerns about its debt , financial flexibility and ability to keep paying dividends .
Shares in Life Healthcare were down 0.31 percent to 28.70 rand by 0954 GMT . ( $ 1 = 13.3725 rand ) ( Reporting by Olwethu Boso . Editing by Jane Merriman )
Canada 's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO , June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures .
UEFA president Aleksander Ceferin told Europe 's top football clubs on Wednesday that `` money does not rule '' and warned its biggest leagues that they would not give in to blackmail as they promised to reshape the game in the region .
The Slovenian also reiterated in their opening speech at the UEFA Congress that they would not allow the creation of a closed `` Super League '' , which some of the region 's biggest clubs have discussed .
Ceferin was elected last September , shortly after UEFA announced changes to the flagship Champions League competition to give more slots to clubs from bigger leagues and cut the number allocated to smaller ones .
The changes were implemented after the biggest clubs had discussed forming a breakaway Super League .
European football faces a huge disparity between the top leagues such as England 's Premier League and Germany 's Bundesliga and the smallest ones , which struggle with poor revenues , falling attendances and financial difficulties .
Ceferin promised to distribute 1 million euros to each of UEFA 's 55 member associations as a `` solidarity payment '' following strong financial results from national team competitions such as UEFA EURO 2016 .
`` UEFA is not here to accumulate wealth while ( football associations ) struggle to develop football in the furthest reaches of ( their ) territories . ''
They said UEFA would sit down with the clubs , leagues and players to develop a `` strategic vision '' for European football over the next five years .
`` This five-year plan will not be forced on you , it will not come out of the blue , as may have happened in the past , '' they told the UEFA Congress .
`` It will not be drafted by some anonymous bureaucrat and their paper-pushers hidden away on the shores of Lake Geneva . ''
The Switzerland-based UEFA should not be afraid of stakeholders , Ceferin said , and issued stark warnings to clubs and leagues alike .
`` To some clubs I should say ... there will be no closed league . It 's as simple as that . That is not in line with our values and ideas , '' they said .
`` We will never give in to the blackmail of those who think they can manipulate small leagues ... because they think they are all powerful because of the astronomical values they generate . ''
`` We will work together to rectify the imbalances as much as possible - problems and imbalances for which you are also responsibly , '' they added . `` Sharing must not be considered a dirty word . ''
The Congress later approved measures restricting the president and executive committee members to a maximum of three four-year terms each .
It also decided that venues for the Champions League and Europa League finals would be selected through what Ceferin described as a `` fully objective manner through a transparent bidding procedure '' .
Ceferin added : `` Surprising at it may seem , it was not always the case in the past . ''
Six new members were voted onto UEFA 's executive committee , including former Poland forward Zbigniew Boniek and Football Association of Ireland chief John Delaney .
Delaney was elected one day after members of Ireland 's women 's soccer team threatened to boycott their next international match over what they described as `` humiliating '' working conditions .
( Writing by Brian Homewood ; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty and Hugh Lawson )
California Lemon Festival is set for Oct. 15-16 at Girsh Park
The Goleta Valley Chamber of Commerce and the California Lemon Festival committee invite the public to celebrate the kickoff to lemon season in Goleta with the Lemon Launch from 5 to 7 p.m. Wednesday at Glen Annie Golf Club , 405 Glen Annie Road .
Enjoy hors d'oeuvres from Frog Bar & Grill , lemon-flavored beverages and networking with local businesses .
This year marks the 20th anniversary of the Lemon Festival in Goleta . The community event will be held from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Saturday , Oct. 15 , and from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Sunday , Oct. 16 , at Girsh Park . Click here for more information .
The Lemon Festival could not happen without the commitment of its sponsors and the Lemon Festival committee .
The cost for the Lemon Launch is $ 10 for members and $ 15 for nonmembers . Click here to register . Sponsors of the festival receive free admission .
Sponsors of the Lemon Launch are the Glen Annie Golf Club , Montecito Bank & Trust and Jordano 's .
MarBorg Industries is the presenting sponsor for the California Lemon Festival in Goleta . Venoco Inc. is the co-sponsor . Cox is the media sponsor .
The Santa Ynez Band of the Chumash Indians , ParentClick.com and the Santa Barbara Daily Sound are the Sunshine Sponsors . Community West Bank , Montecito Bank & Trust and The Towbes Group are the Growers Sponsors .
Other sponsors include AMS Entertainment , ATK Space Systems , Ameravant , Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck , Citrix Online , DSR Audio , FLIR Commercial Vision Systems , the Foundation for Girsh Park , the Goleta Sanitary District , the Goleta Water District , Hollister Brewing Co. , Jordano 's , Latitude 34˚ Technologies , Linda Blue Photography , Maravilla , Marmalade Café , Media 27 , RCI Builders , Ramada Limited , Raytheon , the Santa Barbara Airport , Santa Barbara Bank & Trust , the Santa Barbara Metropolitan Transit District , Santa Barbara Signs & Graphics , Southern California Edison , Tri-Valley Trophies , Wilson Printing and Woodstock 's Pizza .
Media sponsors include Noozhawk , 92.9 KJEE , Central Coast CW-5 , Edhat.com , Epicure SB , Family Life Magazine , KDB 93.7 , KEYT , K-Lite 101.7 , KRAZY Country 105.9 , Kruz 97.5 , KSBY-TV 6 , KTYD 99.9 , Magic 106.3 , Radio Bronco 107.7 , SBClick.com and Univision .
— Kristen Amyx is president and CEO of the Goleta Valley Chamber of Commerce .
April 6 Terraform Power Inc
* Terraform Power - on April 5 co 's unit entered into a tenth amendment to its credit and guaranty agreement
* Terraform Power - amendment extends to April 28 , 2017 date by which co 's unit must deliver to administrative agent , lenders its financial statements Source text : ( bit.ly/2ni8jvy ) Further company coverage :
A British Union flag flies in front of an EU flag during a pro-EU referendum event at Parliament Square in London , Britain June 19 , 2016 . REUTERS/Neil Hall/File Photo
BRUSSELS Leaving the European Union , to be triggered by Prime Minister Theresa May on Wednesday , may transform Britain but it will also change the EU . Here 's how :
EU BUDGET : WHERE 'S THE MONEY GONE ?
The Union 's budget accounts for only 2 percent of public spending in the bloc . But in the east , transfers from Brussels contribute a much bigger share - some 8 percent of Poland 's budget and nearly a fifth of Bulgaria 's .
Without Britain , Brussels will have about a sixth less to give to countries that are net recipients , setting up a fight between east and west over a 7-year spending plan from 2021 .
In the short term , there will also be a battle with Britain over what it owes on leaving . London may choose to keep paying for access to some key EU budgets , such as for research . But big accounts , like farm subsidies , could be in for radical review .
BALANCE OF POWER : FRIENDS LEFT IN LURCH
Britain has used its 12-percent share of EU votes to curb Brussels spending and push hard for free trade . Its departure worries smaller northern allies like the Nordics and Dutch .
Poorer easterners , whose membership Britain championed , fret that Germany and France may stiffen barriers to their low-wage workforce or beef up EU federal powers the ex-communist states dislike . Aspiring new members , notably in the Balkans , also lose an ally against rich westerners wary of further EU enlargement .
The 19 euro countries will lose a key block on their caucus power . They can now outvote non-euro states , but only just . A non-euro bloc led by Poland and Sweden would need major dissent among euro countries to prevent the euro zone setting EU policy .
France becomes the EU 's only nuclear-armed , veto-wielding U.N. Security Council member and loses a dogged opponent of its ambitions for more EU defense cooperation outside the U.S.-led NATO alliance ; defense is already back on Brussels ' agenda .
Germany , ambivalent about being seen as dominating Europe by dint of its economic muscle and being home to nearly one post-Brexit EU citizen in five , is uneasy about how to maintain balance , notably with economically struggling co-founder France .
EU IN THE WORLD : A DIMINISHED FORCE
The EU loses a hefty interlocutor with the United States and the wider English-speaking world . A historic diplomatic and military force , Britain 's insight and influence with powers like China and Russia or in the Middle East have been useful to the EU . In Africa , a source of growing concern over migration , British aid budgets and other clout have played a key role .
London 's tough line with Moscow has won it friends among the likes of the Baltic states and the Netherlands , which fear that a softer approach from France , Italy and , possibly , Germany will undermine a consensus for pressuring Russia with sanctions over its actions in Ukraine or for cutting dependence on Russian gas .
POLITICAL CULTURE : VIVE LE BREXIT ?
Though under-represented in the staff of EU institutions , British officials over 44 years of membership have established a key role in senior positions as well as in the EU parliament . That will disappear as British citizens are shut out of EU jobs .
Many governments , notably from smaller states , value what they see as a British approach to administration that is more pragmatic and laissez-faire than the more centralized , dirigiste tradition embedded in the French foundations of the Union .
Britain will leave one legacy likely to survive in the form of English as Brussels ' working language , despite some hopes in Paris of restoring the prominence of French .
SURVIVAL GAME : BREAKING THE BREAK-UP TABOO
Since the Brexit vote , EU leaders speak of a renewed unity among the remaining 27 . Polls suggest popular support for the EU has broadly increased . But unity will be sorely tested by Brexit negotiations , with governments all having differing priorities .
The unprecedented use of Article 50 of the EU treaty breaks a taboo and means invocations of an `` indivisible Union '' now ring hollow . Brussels will have to contend with more threats to quit , coloring decision-making across the board for years to come .
( Additional reporting by Waverly Colville ; editing by Andrew Roche )
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $ 1 bln a year , no IPO details yet
NEW YORK , June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $ 1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering , but did not say where or when .
April 13 Intelgenx Technologies Corp -
* Intelgenx and Redhill Biopharma announce marketing approval of rizaport ( r ) for migraines in Luxembourg
* Co , Redhill expect to re-submit rizaport 505 ( b ) ( 2 ) new drug application to FDA in q3 of 2017
* Cos are continuing discussions with additional potential commercialization partners for rizaport in U.S. , Europe , other territories Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UK to step up support for start-ups , infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON , June 15 The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union .
FRANKFURT , April 6 German billionaire Dietmar Hopp is preparing to put medical skin patch maker LTS Lohmann on the block as they reshuffle their portfolio , three people close to the matter said .
Hopp 's investment firm Dievini has started reaching out to potential buyers to gauge their interest in an acquisition , they said .
Hopp , the co-founder of software group SAP , shared ownership of LTS with Switzerland 's Novartis and German investment firm BWK .
But they bought out the fellow investors in a deal valuing the company at 1.2 billion euros ( $ 1.3 billion ) in 2014 , after failing to find a third-party buyer for the business .
Officials at Dievini were not immediately available for comment . ( $ 1 = 0.9384 euros ) ( Reporting by Arno Schuetze , Ludwig Burger and Carl O'Donnell ; Editing by Maria Sheahan )
Lawmakers Debate if Mo . Business Climate Suits Boeing
JEFFERSON CITY - Gov . Jay Nixon has often clashed with the Republican-dominated General Assembly , but in an early December special legislative session , all sides came together to pass a tax incentive package for Boeing .
Missouri is one of 15 states vying to attract new Boeing investment . Boeing is currently the second largest employer in the St. Louis area , employing more than 15,000 people .
Boeing is currently looking for a place to build its new 777x commercial aircraft . Customers have already placed 259 orders for the jets , valued at $ 95 billion .
Sen. Eric Schmitt , R-St. Louis County , called the proposed Boeing plant a `` transformational opportunity '' and carried the tax incentive plan through the Missouri Senate for the Nixon administration .
Lawmakers passed a plan to give Boeing as much as $ 1.7 billion in tax incentives . The incentives are tied to job creation .
If the company creates 8,000 jobs , it would get $ 1.7 billion in tax incentives during a 23 year period . It would get $ 435 million in the next 23 years if it creates 2,000 jobs .
The St. Louis County Council has also signed off on a nearly $ 1.7 billion incentive package .
Nixon signed the state 's plan into law and the two governments combined the proposals to send them to Boeing before the Dec. 10 deadline .
House Speaker Tim Jones , R-Eureka , often disagrees with Nixon on many issues . However , Jones said they and Nixon were `` on the same page '' during the five day special session .
Although lawmakers billed the special session as a bi-partisan gathering , it sparked debate about Missouri 's business climate and whether the state government is doing enough to foster economic growth .
Several lawmakers expressed concern with Missouri 's labor unions . Others used the special session as an opportunity to talk about tax policy and how the state uses tax incentives .
RIGHT TO WORK
Boeing is looking for a new place to build the 777x because it could not come to an agreement with labor unions in the Seattle area . Lawmakers in Washington also met for a special session and offered Boeing nearly $ 8.7 billion in incentives .
In Washington , 67 percent of the union machinists voted against an eight-year contract extension that would have cut benefits while keeping 777X work in Everett . Everett is home to the company 's production line for the 777 , the earlier version of the twin-engine model . The union voted against the plan Nov. 14 .
Boeing was asking workers to change the pension plan from a defined benefit plan to a defined contribution plan .
Boeing also has a long history in the Seattle area . The company was founded there and was headquartered there until it moved its headquarters to Chicago in 2001 .
The St. Louis Building and Construction Trades Council , the Eastern Missouri Laborers ' District Council and the Carpenters District Council of Greater St. Louis promised Nixon 's administration a 24-hour work day to build the 777x facility in Missouri . The unions said it could build the facility a year faster than projected , saying a facility like Boeing 's would normally be built in six , ten-hour shifts .
The machinists union in St. Louis also said it is ready to come to an agreement with the company if it decides to come here .
Rep. Eric Burlison , R-Springfield has long been a proponent of so-called `` right-to-work '' legislation . Right to work laws prohibit requirements that base employment on the condition that workers join and support a union .
Missouri is not a right-to-work state and Burlison said it could hurt the Show-Me-State as it tries to be Boeing 's suitor .
`` As we look for ways to promote economic development and job growth we need to realize our state is discouraging a large number of employers from locating here because of our union shop status , '' Burlison wrote in a news release . `` We need to remove the obstacles that prevent Missouri from reaching its potential as an ideal location for businesses that offer good-paying , family-supporting jobs . ''
Burlison is sponsoring a bill for the regular session to make Missouri a right-to-work state .
Although the Washington union originally voted against a contract with Boeing , leaders presented a new plan to keep 777x work in the Seattle area .
International Association of Machinists ( IAM ) District 751 President Tom Wroblewski told the Seattle Times the talks were `` respectful and constructive . ''
However , the Seattle Times reported the talks broke down Thursday night . The International Association of Machinists rejected what the company called its `` best and final '' proposal .
TALKING TAXES
Although many lawmakers approved of the Boeing incentives , some said Missouri has missed opportunities to give tax breaks to everyone instead of just one company .
Gov . Jay Nixon vetoed House Bill 253 , a business and personal income tax cut bill in May . In September , lawmakers failed to override their veto of the legislation .
Ray McCarty , President and CEO of the Associated Industries of Missouri told KOMU 8 News they would have preferred a tax cut for all businesses , but said they approve of the Boeing investment because it will create opportunities for many companies .
`` Even though Boeing is located in the St. Louis area , we have a lot of suppliers all over this state , many of them in small towns that make pieces for machinery that is now being manufactured by Boeing , '' McCarty said . `` It is our hope that if Boeing brings all that work into the state of Missouri it will increase business for those suppliers . ''
McCarty said Boeing has many so-called `` tier-2 '' and `` tier-3 '' suppliers , smaller manufacturers that make smaller machine parts .
The company said it has more than 600 suppliers and vendors in Missouri and purchases $ 837 million worth of parts and materials from Missouri companies every year . Boeing said it supports 30,000 direct and indirect jobs in the state .
HANDING OUT TAX BREAKS
The Missouri Department of Economic Development uses 61 tax credit programs to give incentives for everything from low-income housing development to amateur sporting events .
Lawmakers often debate the effectiveness of the credits , as defined by the return on investment . The General Assembly has also made several attempts in recent years to reign in what the state doles out in tax incentives .
In 2012 , the state redeemed nearly $ 650 million worth of tax credits , which is roughly equivalent to one-twelfth of the state 's $ 8 billion in general revenue collections that year .
On the first day of the special session lawmakers seemed open to the idea of tax incentives for Boeing , but wanted to see more specifics .
On day three of the session the Nixon administration projected a significant return on investment for taxpayers . Nixon 's staffers told lawmakers every dollar in tax breaks would lead to a two dollar increase in general revenue collections .
Some lawmakers wanted to use the special session to limit the amount of tax breaks currently handed out . Several Republican senators threatened to abruptly halt the talks saying the state could only justify a large Boeing tax package if it could cut down on the use of other credits .
In closed-door caucus meetings , Nixon 's administration came to an agreement with those lawmakers , saying they would be more engaged in talks to reign in tax credits during the regular session .
In a Columbia meeting in early December , the state 's housing and development commission voted 6 to 1 to hold up nearly $ 14 million worth of authorizations of low-income housing tax credits . This was seen as the first step in Nixon 's engagement on tax credit reform . Lt. Gov . Peter Kinder , who is a member of the commission , said Gov . Jay Nixon 's chief of staff requested the delay .
Lawmakers have often complained Nixon is closed off and not very engaged in the legislative process , but lawmakers of both parties said Nixon was involved all throughout the session .
Although Republican senators did not filibuster the Boeing plan , they still voted no after floor debate . The bill passed the Senate 23-8 .
Sen. Kurt Schaefer , R-Columbia , voted no and told KOMU 8 News the proposal would require a significant commitment from the state .
`` Every time you look at giving all of your economic incentives to just one part of the state , you certainly have a concern for what it means for the rest of the state that does n't benefit either directly from that or actually loses the opportunity for economic development opportunities down the road , '' Schaefer said .
If Boeing decides to move to Missouri it would get tax credits through four state programs : Missouri Works , Missouri Works Training , BUILD and a state TIF ( Tax Increment Financing ) .
Boeing expects to make a decision sometime early in 2014 .
Anthony Joshua is just days away from a world heavyweight title fight with Wladimir Klitschko in front of the largest British boxing crowd for nearly 80 years but the Briton says they would rather be facing former champion Tyson Fury .
Fury beat Klitschko in 2015 , handing the Ukrainian their first loss in 11 years , to become the IBO , WBA , IBF and WBO champion .
However , they relinquished their titles the following year after their license was suspended pending investigation for doping and medical issues .
Joshua , who became the IBF world heavyweight champion after beating Charles Martin in April 2016 , is unbeaten in 18 bouts and will fight Klitschko , who has not fought professionally since their loss to Fury , at Wembley on April 29 .
`` I think Tyson Fury is the biggest fight for me , '' Joshua told British media from their training camp in Sheffield .
`` If it were up to me , that would have been the fight happening this summer ... I was planning for a massive showdown with Tyson Fury , but they had other plans and I just had to carry on . When they return , I 'm sure I 'll still be here . ''
Joshua and Fury traded barbs on Twitter last week after the former champ called Joshua `` a poor man 's Frank Bruno , '' a reference to the former British WBC and European heavyweight champion .
`` Twitter is about communication and it 's just communicating , '' Joshua said . `` He addresses me and Tweets me quite often and I was just in the frame of mind where I thought me and Klitschko do n't have many verbals , so let me respond to Fury . ''
Joshua added that fury 's `` Bruno '' jibe showed a lack of respect .
`` If he 's an all-time great then why is they worrying about who is behind him ? You should focus on your future , '' the 27-year-old said .
`` If I was the greatest of all time I would never worry about who is behind me . I 'm leading the way . ''
( Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru ; Editing by Peter Rutherford )
METALS-London copper slips to 1-wk low after US rate rise
( Adds detail , updates prices ) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE , June 15 London copper dipped to its lowest in a week on Thursday after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates for the second time this year , boosting financing costs for industry . Amid a mixed economic outlook in the United States and slowing industrial activity in China exacerbated by the end of financial quarter , metals could come under further selling pressure , broker Kingdom Futures said in a report . `` Toda
* AFA chief Tapia confirms choice of Sampaoli
* Says will negotiate their release with Sevilla
* Argentina struggling in World Cup qualifiers ( Adds detail , background )
By Rex Gowar
BUENOS AIRES , April 28 The Argentine FA have identified Sevilla coach Jorge Sampaoli as their choice to take charge of the national team and revitalise their 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign , AFA President Claudio Tapia said on Thursday .
Argentina , runners-up to Germany at the last World Cup , are fifth in South American qualifying with four matches to go .
Only the top four -- currently Brazil , Colombia , Uruguay and Chile -- go through automatically while the fifth-placed team has to go through an intercontinental playoff with a side from the Oceania confederation for a berth in Russia in 2018 .
Tapia , who sacked coach Edgardo Bauza after their election to the AFA chair last month , told ESPN that Sampaoli was their man .
`` Today I can confirm that Sampaoli is the only candidate , '' they said , adding that the AFA would negotiate with Sevilla for Sampaoli 's release from their contract once the league season in Spain concludes next month .
Sampaoli joined the Spanish club on a two year contract last June .
Tapia 's comments confirm weeks of speculation about the appointment of Sampaoli , who led Chile to the Copa America title in 2015 .
Argentina , who are a point behind Uruguay and Chile , face a tough away trip to Montevideo for their next qualifier on Aug. 31 and must play without captain Lionel Messi , who has been suspended four games for insulting a match official .
Messi , who has already missed a 2-0 defeat away to Bolivia , is also due to miss home games against Venezuela and Peru but could return earlier if an appeal is successful .
Failing that , they would return to face Ecuador in the final group game .
Argentina also have friendlies lined up against Brazil , in Melbourne , and Singapore on a June tour to prepare for the qualifiers . ( Additional reporting by Luis Ampuero , editing by Nick Mulvenney/Peter Rutherford )
Uber 's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc , the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes .
( Repeats without changes to cover additional alerts )
STOCKHOLM , April 28 Home appliance maker Electrolux reported a bigger than expected rise in first-quarter operating earnings on Friday and said it was stepping up cost efficiency measures in the face of mounting headwinds from rising raw material prices .
The Swedish company also stood by its outlook for markets in both Europe and North America .
The company said operating earnings rose to 1.54 billion Swedish crowns ( $ 174.26 million ) from a year-ago 1.27 billion to come in ahead of a mean forecast of 1.33 billion in a poll of analysts . ( $ 1 = 8.8374 Swedish crowns ) ( Reporting by Niklas Pollard and Johannes Hellstrom )
* Spot gold seen rising to $ 1,357/oz -technicals * Palladium heading for worst week since week-ending Sept. 8 , 2017 * U.S. nonfarm payrolls data due 1330 GMT ( Adds comment , updates prices ) By Sethuraman N R Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Gold prices held in a narrow range on Friday ahead of U.S. jobs data later in the day , with traders looking for any implications for the outlook for U.S. monetary policy over the rest of the year . Spot gold was little changed at $ 1,348.66 per ounce by 0758 GMT . U.S. gold futures were up 0.3 percent at $ 1,351.60 per ounce . Traders are looking to the U.S. government 's jobs report on Friday . Nonfarm payrolls probably rose by 180,000 jobs in January after increasing 148,000 in December , according to a Reuters survey of economists . The unemployment rate is forecast to be unchanged at a 17-year low of 4.1 percent . Stronger-than-expected jobs data , lower unemployment and higher wages would signal strength in the economy , and could in turn strengthen the dollar and pressure gold , analysts say . `` All eyes on the non farm payrolls numbers tonight , a figure outside the consensus forecast could rattle the markets where volatility has already crept in over the last week or so , '' MKS PAMP Group trader Tim Brown said . The U.S. Federal Reserve held interest rates unchanged on Wednesday but raised its inflation outlook and flagged `` further gradual '' rate increases . `` The rate hikes seem to be doing little to dampen the relative resilience on display in gold , '' said INTL FCStone analyst Edward Meir . Spot gold is expected to rise to $ 1,357 per ounce , as it has broken above resistance at $ 1,347 , according to Reuters technical analyst Wang Tao . The dollar nursed losses against a basket of currencies on Friday and was on track for a weekly fall as investors focused on renewed economic strength in the eurozone . `` Funds have been buying gold , while short interest remains low ... The gold chart continues to look bullish with prices well placed to break out of a multi-year base , '' ScotiaMocatta analysts said in a note . Silver fell 0.1 percent to $ 17.22 an ounce . Platinum dropped 0.1 percent to $ 1,005 , while palladium rose 0.4 percent at $ 1,040.99 . Palladium fell to its lowest since Dec. 18 at $ 1,013.72 on Thursday and is on track to its worst weekly fall since the week-ending Sept. 8 , 2017 . Prices are down 4.6 percent this week . It touched a record high at $ 1,138 on Jan. 15 . ( Reporting by Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru ; Editing by Joseph Radford and Amrutha Gayathri )
JOHANNESBURG , March 30 South Africa 's main opposition leader said on Thursday they plan to bring a motion of no confidence against President Jacob Zuma in parliament after an ally of the ruling ANC confirmed Zuma 's intention to fire Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan .
`` At a time when 9 million South Africans are without work and our fragile economy requires leadership and clear policy direction , President Zuma continues to play `` Russian Roulette '' with our economy and the future of our country , '' Mmusi Maimane , leader of the Democratic Alliance said in a statement . ( Reporting by James Macharia ; editing by John Stonestreet )
( Compares with analysts ' estimate , adds detail , share movement )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - U.S. refiner Phillips 66 on Friday beat analysts ' quarterly profit estimates , largely helped by higher refining margins .
The company said realized refining margins rose to $ 8.98 per barrel in the fourth quarter , from $ 6.47 a year earlier .
Excluding one-time items , the company earned $ 1.07 per share , beating analysts ' average estimate of 86 cents , according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S .
Phillips 66 's profit surged in the quarter as the refiner benefited from a $ 2.74 billion gain due to the recent changes in the U.S. tax law .
Refiners are likely to outshine other energy segments in 2018 as they benefit from a surge in U.S. oil production and rack up among the biggest gains from the recent corporate tax cuts , analysts said ahead of the earnings season .
Smaller rivals Valero Energy Corp and Marathon Petroleum Corp reported better-than-expected earnings on Thursday and said they expected strong global economic growth to spur demand for oil in 2018 .
Phillips 66 's consolidated earnings rose to $ 3.2 billion , or $ 6.25 per share , in the fourth quarter ended Dec. 31 from $ 163 million , or 31 cents per share , a year earlier .
The company 's shares were marginally up in light premarket trade on Friday .
( Recasts with bill filed , Cardin comment , the latest death , injury and arrest toll , and Wednesday 's protest )
By Patricia Zengerle
WASHINGTON May 3 An influential group of Republican and Democratic U.S. senators introduced sweeping legislation on Wednesday to address the crisis in Venezuela , including sanctioning individuals responsible for undermining democracy or involved in corruption ,
The bill , first reported by Reuters , would provide $ 10 million in humanitarian aid to the struggling country , require the State Department to coordinate a regional effort to ease the crisis , and ask U.S. intelligence to report on the involvement of Venezuelan government officials in corruption and the drug trade .
It also calls on President Donald Trump to take all necessary steps to prevent Rosneft , Russia 's state oil company , from gaining control of any U.S. energy infrastructure .
Rosneft has been gaining ground in Venezuela as the country scrambles for cash . The Venezuelan state oil company , PDVSA , last year used 49.9 percent of its shares in its U.S. subsidiary , Citgo , as collateral for loan financing by Rosneft .
In total , Rosneft has lent PDVSA between $ 4 billion and $ 5 billion .
The measure comes as the international community has struggled to respond to the deep economic crisis and street protests in the South American OPEC nation .
At least 33 people have been killed , more than 400 injured and over 1,000 arrested since demonstrations against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro 's government began in April amid severe shortages of food and medicine , deep recession and hyper-inflation .
On Wednesday , Venezuelan opposition supporters took over the main thoroughfare in Caracas to protest Maduro 's creation of a powerful new `` constituent assembly , '' which they see as their attempt to cling to power by avoiding elections .
Senate aides said the bill sought to react to the crisis by working with countries across the Americas and international organizations , rather than unilaterally , while targeting some of the root causes of the crisis and supporting human rights .
U.S. officials have long been reluctant to be too vocal about Venezuela , whose leaders accuse Washington of being the true force behind opposition to the country 's leftist government .
PROMINENT SPONSORS
The lead sponsors of the legislation are Senator Ben Cardin , the senior Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , and Senator Marco Rubio , the Republican chairperson of the panel 's western hemisphere subcommittee and a vocal critic of Venezuela 's government .
Boosting its chances of getting through Congress , co-sponsors include Senator John Cornyn , the chamber 's No . 2 Republican , and Senator Dick Durbin , the No . 2 Democrat , as well as Republican Senator John McCain , the influential chairperson of the Senate Armed Services Committee .
`` It is in the strategic interest of the United States to support the restoration of democracy in Venezuela and work with regional partners to put the country back on a path to peace , prosperity and stability , '' Cardin said in a statement .
The bill has 11 sections , seeking to deal with the crisis with a broad brush .
Addressing corruption , it would require the U.S. State Department and intelligence agencies to prepare an unclassified report , with a classified annex , on any involvement of Venezuelan government officials in corruption and the drug trade .
The U.S. Treasury Department has in the past sanctioned Venezuelan officials or former officials , charging them with trafficking or corruption , a designation that allows their assets in the United States to be frozen and bars them from conducting financial transactions through the United States .
The officials have denied the charges , and called them a pretext as part of an effort to topple Maduro 's government .
The new legislation seeks to put into law sanctions imposed under former President Barack Obama 's executive order targeting individuals found to `` undermine democratic governance '' or involved in corruption . ( Additional reporting by Andrew Cawthorne and Alexandra Ulmer in Caracas ; editing by Peter Cooney and Tom Brown )
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON , June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel , a Democrat , to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated them late on Tuesday .
Training Creatively is a renowned and well-known training consultancy providing Management of Risk Foundation and Practitioner Courses at competitive rates .
Contact
Olushola Ogunseitan
* * * @ gmail.com Olushola Ogunseitan
End
-- Training Creatively , a renowned brand owned and operated by Creative Consulting and Training Ltd. , recently announced the giving away ofto all those enrolled in the Management of Risk ( M_O_R ) Foundation and Practitioner Courses . Fully accredited as an ATO ( Authorised Training Organisation ) by PEOPLECERT and APMG , the company offers training and guidance for professional courses , such as ITIL , Prince2 , Prince2 Agile , MSP , COBIT5 , Change Management , M_O_R and more . Upon registration , they provide candidates with selected coursework , organise workshops and everything that is required for passing the course.An experienced instructor of Training Creatively says , `` Management of Risk is an integral framework for any organisation because it allows for better assessment of risk . Owing to the important role this robust and flexible framework plays in the day-to-day operation of an enterprise , we have decided to offer candidates with free sample questions of MoR . This way , we are hoping that the candidates will be better prepared for the examination and be able to attain the certification . `` He further added , `` Our Management of Risk courses are provided in online , weekly , virtually , weekend , and corporate on-site training events . We have kept our course timings flexible to allow working professionals as well as organisations to be able to take full advantage of the course . We provide candidates with all the coursework material , exam format and guidance needed to thoroughly understand the framework . We wish to ensure that success is assured by further providing candidates with the sample questions . `` He added , `` We wish to offer candidates an intuitive learning experience . With adequate exam support and materials , we want them to feel confident that they will be able to pass their examinations . Since working professionals and companies already have unique challenges to face , we do not wish to make M_O_R course any more difficult '' .Training Creatively 's M_O_R course fee includes official and pre-course material , certification refreshments , free foundation exam retake and now , free sample questions . : Training Creatively is a training consultancy in the United Kingdom . They specialise in offering professional management courses to executives and organisations . Their courses are conducted by industry-experienced instructors.Contact - Training CreativelyCreative Consulting and Training Ltd.Email : Tel : ( United Kingdom ) Address : Suite 156 , Rosden House,372 Old Street , London , EC1V 9AU.Website :
UPDATE 1-US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON , June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access Pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis .
Getting the Best Writing Assignment
The Basic Facts of Writing Assignment
Communication that which one desires to put on newspaper is not any simple task . After you begin , you ought to have some thing down on paper or onto the monitor that it is potential to enhance . Improving your analysis paper or article might possibly be extremely tough in case if you are n't acquainted with your name . The composing documents of our services might be properly used at instruction level that 's the reason it seems professional .
The Writing Assignment Stories
Students must take care of idea conceptualization and what that is connected to content designing . Additional , additionally , it helps students in planning to get their last assessments . Except that , pupils frequently have assignments from different classes , so they should deal with . They will secure the effect and confidence as soon as the teachers present precisely the exact approach . They are able to knowingly seek the info that they are prepared to understand . The Student usually suffers with all the lack of time , which is the main reason why they lack the capability to submit their homework punctually . Probably top obtained on intra net as an alternative of externally but numerous students commit plenty of time conversing ' into people throughout the globe .
Using the guidance of live chat support , college students may easily avail the experts which are generally keen to assist you at any given time of the day . They are going to be writing about one news story a week in addition to additional duties . Lots of occasions they think that they are able to write their assignment on their own hook , however , there 's just a high hazard to neglect . For instance , in the event that you 've got your college students producing film books one set could make an electric picture publication utilizing ability tip . On the reverse side , the college students who are n't able to-do newspaper writing consistently demand for a expert the assistance of the pros who are able to address their own problems . Although your faculty could have approached writing at the erroneous manner , there 's an endless multitude of ways . Contrary to other livelihood options where you may have to come back to faculty or get unique certifications to be able to transition in to the brand-new discipline , however , writing has a fairly lower barrier to entrance .
The History of Writing Assignment Refuted
Conduct excellent analyzing to emphasize in on your topic when lookup is important or required . The focus and range of homework help you decide if the study is imperative . Then start off finding information , ahead of start out writing the mission you 've got to research your issue and also discover out relevant info . If you own a dissertation that should be composed , then search no farther compared to buy college papers online CleverWritings . A great dissertation is entirely dependent upon the variety of this study issue . If you neglect to create the best dissertation , your targets and aspirations could lead to abysmal failure .
The asupervisorstioned sort of writing was shoved down our throats since the early decades , however , it truly is not the single , definite definition of creating . Paper writing is n't an odd endeavor for virtually any student . College assignment writing is easily the most boring part of faculty living and has to become deal by every pupil . An average of , authors are excited to compose the exact first chapter or even two . Our writers may publish term papers for the students with the support of scratch in compliance with all the demands of their students .
Characteristics of Writing Assignment
As a way to get paid a mission strong , facts must be assembled from numerous sources utilizing multiple resources . With devoid and peace of disturbances it 's possible in order to complete your future assignments with superior pleasure . It might become a modest ambitious of me to supply a writing assignment https : //medicine.umich.edu/dept/psychiatry/patient-care as of this moment , but it matches with the machine also I would like to realize that their development ! Before you are able to request anybody to create my assignment , you need to learn about things it 's likely to expect from them . In the event you feel you 're unable to compose your assignment , you ought https : //wwwpapernow.org/ to select assignment composing services company . Giving home assignments are an excess task form typical study education class .
The Basic Facts of Writing Assignment
If you should be creating any type of mission , the exact first thing you 're looking for to accomplish that you ought to assess your homework backup with a seasoned lecturer or a true tutor . Just before you start to produce , make certain everything you should do to be able to finish the writing mission . Composing assignments wo n't need to be that the major Bad unpleasant Monster that you might think that they are . Therefore , you 're able to know exactly everything you should concentrate on when writing your mission . Controlling time is left up to the individual as being a couple of these students do home assignment on their own to boost their skill and knowledge . Not giving the excellent assignments in time will cause flaws in obtaining the amount .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Bank Of Baroda Ltd :
* TO CONSIDER ISSUE OF EQUITY SHARES ON PREFERENTIAL BASIS TO GOVERNMENT OF INDIA WORTH UP TO 53.75 BILLION RUPEES Source text - bit.ly/2E9k670 Further company coverage :
April 3 Sunesis Pharmaceuticals Inc :
* Sunesis Pharmaceuticals announces presentation of the ohio state university-sponsored preclinical study of btk inhibitor sns-062 at aacr annual meeting
* Sunesis Pharmaceuticals - study demonstrated that , unlike ibrutinib , sns-062 inhibition of btk signaling is unaffected by presence of c481s mutation
* Sunesis Pharmac- with active ind , remain on track to dose first patient in planned phase 1b/2 study in patients with advanced b-cell malignancies this quarter Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
May 3 Baxter International Inc
* Baxter International Inc - received guidance from FDA clarifying regulatory pathway for new peritoneal dialysis technology
* Baxter International Inc - Baxter plans to have first patient on therapy with new system , as part of a clinical trial in 2018
* Baxter International Inc - regulatory submission is expected in 2019 for new peritoneal dialysis technology Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan reacts during a rally for the upcoming referendum in the Black Sea city of Rize , Turkey , April 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Umit Bektas
ANKARA/ISTANBUL Turkish prosecutors are seeking up to 43 years in jail for journalists from a leading opposition newspaper on charges of supporting a terrorist organisation and targeting President Tayyip Erdoğan through `` asymmetric war methods '' .
An indictment seen by Reuters on Wednesday said Cumhuriyet had effectively been `` taken over '' by the network of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen , blamed for a failed coup last July , and used to `` veil the actions of terrorist groups '' .
Turkey has purged more than 113,000 people from the police , judiciary , military and elsewhere since the coup attempt , and has closed more than 130 media outlets , raising concerns among Western allies about deteriorating rights and freedoms .
The authorities say the measures are justified by the gravity of the coup attempt , in which rogue soldiers tried to overthrow the government and Erdoğan , killing more than 240 people , most of them civilians .
`` ( Cumhuriyet ) started an intense perception operation targeting the government and president of the republic ... through asymmetric war methods , '' said the 324-page document , parts of which were published by Turkish media on Tuesday .
Cumhuriyet , long a pillar of the secularist establishment , is accused of straying from its principles in the years leading up to the coup attempt and of writing stories that serve `` separatist manipulation '' .
The indictment named 19 journalists , of whom 12 have already been detained , including well-known columnist Kadri Gursel , and Ahmet Sik , who once wrote a book critical of Gulen 's movement .
Three of the 19 could face up to 43 years in prison for `` aiding an armed terrorist group without being members of it . ''
The newspaper called the charges `` imaginary accusations and slander '' and said some of the testimonies in the indictment were from individuals previously seen as close to Gulen .
`` Set them free immediately , '' said its Wednesday front page .
SOCIAL MEDIA POSTS
Prosecutors are seeking 15 years in prison for former editor Can Dundar , jailed in 2015 on charges of publishing state secrets involving Turkish support for Syrian rebels , but later released . Dundar lives in Germany . [ nL8N1B03FI ]
Current editor Murat Sabuncu and other senior staff were arrested late last year over alleged support for the failed coup , sparking protests in Istanbul . [ nL8N1D604C ]
Social media posts including Tweets comprised the bulk of evidence in the indictment , along with allegations that staff had been in contact with users of Bylock , an encrypted messaging app the government says was used by Gulen 's followers .
Some suspects were accused of `` serving the interests '' of the PKK militant group , which has waged an insurgency in the mainly Kurdish southeast for three decades , and of the far-leftist DHKP/C , which was behind a series of armed attacks in recent years .
`` There are lots of organisations in Turkey . The Gulenist organisation , the PKK , DHKP-C. We are being blamed for helping them all ... and it seems I am the prime suspect , '' Dundar said in a video selfie on their website .
They said the fact Cumhuriyet staff had learned about the indictment in pro-government media was `` another legal scandal . ''
`` I stand with all of them and I will continue to be their voice until the end , '' they said on the website , which they set up from Germany to keep covering Turkish affairs .
( Editing by Nick Tattersall and Jon Boyle )
March 31 A measure of factory activity in the U.S. Upper Midwest rose in March to its strongest level in over two years , marking a fifth straight month of manufacturing growth in the region , a private survey released on Friday showed .
Marquette University and the Institute for Supply Management-Milwaukee said their seasonally adjusted index on manufacturing in the Milwaukee region climbed to 61.77 in March , the highest since November 2014 . It was up from 58.69 in February .
A reading above 50 indicates regional factory activity is expanding .
The survey 's component on new orders , a proxy on future activity , rebounded to 65.12 from 62.76 last month , but its production gauge fell to 64.94 from 69.83 .
The overall employment index jumped to 66.91 from 52.48 last month . The survey 's measure on `` blue collar employment '' surged to 65.3 from 52.5 , while its `` white collar employment '' gauge increased to 55.4 from 50.2 .
The six-month outlook gauge fell to 68.18 from 72.50 in February , while the survey 's price barometer retreated to 79.55 from 81.82 . ( Reporting by Richard Leong )
Two kittens thrown out of car onto Auckland motorway in 'despicable act ' - do you know who did it ?
One kitten is dead and the SPCA want to find out who did this .
( Adds PDVSA , New Mountain Capital LLC , Delphi Automotive Plc , Nokia , Telia , Glencore Plc , Thyssenkrupp , Scripps Networks Interactive , Ecoasis )
May 3 The following bids , mergers , acquisitions and disposals were reported by 2000 GMT on Wednesday :
* * PetroVietnam 's joint venture with Venezuela 's state-run oil company PDVSA remains stalled but the Vietnamese company hopes ongoing talks will lead to reactivation of operations , a top executive for the company told Reuters .
* * Private-equity firm New Mountain Capital LLC is in advanced talks to buy laboratory equipment supplier VWR Corp in a deal that could be valued at nearly $ 5 billion , the Wall Street Journal reported , citing sources .
* * Automotive supplier Delphi Automotive Plc said it plans to spin off operations tied to internal combustion engines and focus on technology for electrically powered and self-driving vehicles , boosting its share price and highlighting the challenges for legacy auto industry players .
* * Finland 's Nokia plans to sell its undersea cables unit , a business that underpins the global Internet , two union sources and a French government source told Reuters .
* * Nordic telecoms firm Telia said it was aiming to sell part of its stake in Turkey 's Turkcell to institutional investors as part of its strategy to focus on its Nordic and Baltic operations .
* * Mining-trading group Glencore Plc has hired the Bank of Nova Scotia to sell a portfolio of royalty assets , including one for the Antamina copper-zinc mine in Peru , four people familiar with the process have told Reuters .
* * Thousands of Thyssenkrupp steelworkers protested against the German industrial group 's plan to merge its European steel operations with those of India 's Tata Steel .
* * Scripps Networks Interactive said it has agreed to buy online food publication Spoon University , a startup it hopes will give its flagship cable channel , the Food Network , a foothold with younger audiences .
* * Ecoasis , a Canadian real estate developer , has started a strategic review of the Bear Mountain resort in British Columbia , which could lead to a potential sale , people familiar with the matter told Reuters .
* * Twelve parties , including local and foreign banks , have expressed interest in taking a stake in Kenya 's Chase Bank , the central bank said late on Tuesday .
* * Turkey 's new sovereign wealth fund has signed a framework agreement with an Islamic Development Bank ( IDB ) unit to develop Islamic mortgages and different types of cooperation with the bank will be on the agenda , the fund 's head said .
* * New Zealand 's competition regulator blocked the planned merger of NZME Ltd and Fairfax Media Ltd 's New Zealand unit , saying the deal would have led to unprecedented local media influence and built the world 's most concentrated newspaper market outside of China .
* * Italian investment fund Palladio Holding Group will buy Slovenian car parts maker Cimos after it pulled out of a similar deal in February , Slovenian daily newspaper Dnevnik reported .
* * The sale process for troubled flagship carrier Alitalia will kick off in the next 15 days , Italy 's Industry Minister said .
* * German copper products group Wieland said on Wednesday it has taken over the copper and steel tube business of U.S. company Wolverine Tube Inc , as part of its plans to expand internationally .
* * Chinese conglomerate HNA Group has become Deutsche Bank 's biggest direct shareholder , upping its stake in the flagship lender of Europe 's top economy to just under 10 percent , according to a U.S. regulatory filing .
* * An application has been made to Turkey 's competition authority for Austrian logistics company Austrian Post to take over a 50 percent stake in Turkey-based Aras Kargo from other shareholders , the authority said .
* * State-owned Saudi Arabian Airlines ( Saudia ) has started the sale of its medical services business in Jeddah , valued at around $ 500 million , as part of a drive to reduce non-core assets , sources familiar with the matter said .
* * Delek Group said that Israeli business person Yonel Cohen will purchase a 130 million shekels ( $ 36 million ) stake in insurer Phoenix Holdings as part of a deal with China 's Yango Group Co .
* * Jonah Energy , a natural gas company backed by investors including private equity firm TPG Capital , has agreed to acquire oil and gas-producing land in Wyoming from Linn Energy for around $ 580 million , the companies said on Tuesday .
* * Intact Financial Corp , Canada 's largest property and casualty insurer , said it would buy U.S.-based specialty insurer OneBeacon Insurance Group Ltd for $ 1.7 billion , creating a specialty insurer focused on small- and mid-sized businesses . ( Compiled by Akankshita Mukhopadhyay and John Benny in Bengaluru )
Pope Francis leads the Via Crucis ( Way of the Cross ) procession during Good Friday celebrations in front of the Colosseum in Rome , Italy , April 14 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
Faithful hold candles as Pope Francis leads the Via Crucis ( Way of the Cross ) procession during Good Friday celebrations in front of the Colosseum in Rome , Italy , April 14 , 2017 . REUTERS/Max Rossi
Pope Francis arrives to leads the Via Crucis ( Way of the Cross ) procession during Good Friday celebrations in front of the Colosseum in Rome , Italy , April 14 , 2017 . REUTERS/Max Rossi
Pope Francis leads the Via Crucis ( Way of the Cross ) procession during Good Friday celebrations in front of the Colosseum in Rome , Italy , April 14 , 2017 . REUTERS/Max Rossi
Pope Francis leads the Via Crucis ( Way of the Cross ) procession during Good Friday celebrations in front of the Colosseum in Rome , Italy , April 14 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
Faithful hold candles as Pope Francis leads the Via Crucis ( Way of the Cross ) procession during Good Friday celebrations in front of the Colosseum in Rome , Italy , April 14 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
Pope Francis leads the Via Crucis ( Way of the Cross ) procession during Good Friday celebrations in front of the Colosseum in Rome , Italy , April 14 , 2017 . REUTERS/Max Rossi
Pope Francis blesses at the end of the Via Crucis ( Way of the Cross ) procession during Good Friday celebrations in front of the Colosseum in Rome , Italy , April 14 , 2017 . REUTERS/Max Rossi
Pope Francis leads the Via Crucis ( Way of the Cross ) procession during Good Friday celebrations in front of the Colosseum in Rome , Italy , April 14 , 2017 . REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
ROME Pope Francis , presiding at a Good Friday service , asked God for forgiveness for scandals in the Catholic Church and for the `` shame '' of humanity becoming inured to daily scenes of bombed cities and drowning migrants .
Francis presided at a traditional candlelight Via Crucis ( Way of the Cross ) service at Rome 's Colosseum attended by some 20,000 people and protected by heavy security following recent attacks in European cities .
Francis sat while a large wooden cross was carried in procession , stopping 14 times to mark events in the last hours of Jesus ' life from being sentenced to death to their burial .
Similar services , known as the Stations of the Cross , were taking place in cities around the world as Christians gathered to commemorate Jesus ' death by crucifixion .
At the end of the two-hour service , Francis read a prayer they wrote that was woven around the theme of shame and hope .
In what appeared to be a reference to the Church 's sexual abuse scandal , they spoke of `` shame for all the times that we bishops , priests , brothers and nuns scandalised and wounded your body , the Church . ''
The Catholic Church has been struggling for nearly two decades to put the scandal of sexual abuse of children by clergy behind it . Critics say more must be done to punish bishops who covered up abuse or were negligent in preventing it .
Francis also spoke of the shame they said should be felt over `` the daily spilling of the innocent blood of women , of children , of immigrants '' and for the fate of those who are persecuted because of their race , social status or religious beliefs .
At the end of this month Francis travels to Egypt , which has seen a spate of attacks by Islamists on minority Coptic Christians . Dozens were killed in two attacks last Sunday .
They spoke of `` shame for all the scenes of devastation , destruction and drownings that have become ordinary in our lives . ''
On the day they spoke , more than 2,000 migrants trying to reach Europe were plucked from the Mediterranean in a series of dramatic rescues and one person was found dead . More than 650 have died or are unaccounted for while trying to cross the sea in rubber dinghies this year .
Francis expressed the hope `` that good will triumph despite its apparent defeat . ''
Security was stepped up in the area around the Colosseum following recent truck attacks against pedestrians in London and Stockholm . Some 3,000 police guarded the area and checked people as they approached . The Colosseum subway stop was closed .
Francis on Saturday is due to say an Easter vigil Mass in St. Peter 's Basilica and on Easter Sunday , the most important day in the Christian liturgical calendar , they read their twice-annual `` Urbi et Orbi '' ( `` To the City and the World '' ) message in St. Peter 's Square .
( Refiles to correct spelling in final paragraph )
( Reporting by Philip Pullella ; Editing by Bill Trott )
MADRID , April 13 Atletico Madrid 's Antoine Griezmann demonstrated their importance to the Spanish club when their lightning pace forced a penalty that gave their side a crucial 1-0 victory over Leicester City in their Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday .
Griezmann , who finished third in the Ballon d'Or voting last year , has carried Atletico at times this season and it was their break that set up the penalty that they then converted past Kasper Schmeichel .
It was their 24th goal of the season , five of which have come in the Champions League , the competition Atletico are desperate to win having finished as runners-up twice in three years .
`` He 's a fabulous player , '' Atletico coach Diego Simeone said of the French international . `` He 's a complete player , you do n't even know their position anymore , he 's all over the pitch .
`` He 's everywhere . They can work in midfield , assist like a second striker and score like a striker .
`` He 's still growing , of course , but he 's having a great end to the season and is taking responsibility in accordance with their status in the team . ''
The 26-year-old , who is frequently linked with a move away from the Vicente Calderon , caused problems all over the pitch , with the Leicester defence working at full capacity to prevent them doing any more damage .
Leicester manager Craig Shakespeare said they had to tinker with their team 's set-up to shackle the dangerous forward , who Simeone has given the licence to roam .
`` We made changes at half-time to control Griezmann more as they were getting too much space between the lines , '' they said .
( Editing by Greg Stutchbury )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
CAPE TOWN ( Reuters ) - A chronic drought that could leave South Africa 's Cape Town without water within weeks is hurting visitor numbers and knocking a rare economic bright spot , officials said on Friday .
With experts predicting Cape Town will run out of water in mid-April , residents have been told to limit usage to 50 litres per person per day . An average bath holds 80 litres of water .
Hotels have asked guests not to use baths and to limit showers to two minutes or less , while some restaurants are switching to disposable cups and ditching table linen .
Around 10 million tourists visited Cape Town last year , drawn by iconic sights like Table Mountain , its long sandy beaches and clutch of nearby wine farms .
Tourism accounted for an estimated 9 percent of South Africa 's economic output last year , or 412 billion rand ( 24.78 billion pounds ) .
People queue to collect water from a spring in the Newlands suburb as fears over the city 's water crisis grow in Cape Town , South Africa , January 25 , 2018 . Picture taken January 25 , 2018 . REUTERS/Mike Hutchings
Though visitors are sympathetic to Cape Town 's plight , there are fears that people may stay away due to the inconvenience of water restrictions or because they do n't want to add to demand .
“ There 's no doubt that the knock-on effect of the water conservation crossroads we find ourselves in has had an impact on tourism , ” said Enver Duminy , chief executive officer at Cape Town Tourism .
Slideshow ( 16 Images )
There is no official data available yet to quantify the impact water shortages are having on numbers but Duminy said there had already been cancellations .
The Global Sourcing Association , a large London-based non-profit , said on Friday it was postponing a major March conference in Cape Town to later in the year when it hopes the drought situation “ will be alleviated ” .
In a bid to limit the economic damage , which could spell jobs losses in a country with 25 percent unemployment , SA Tourism , a government agency , will soon embark on a global roadshow to reassure potential visitors .
“ We are a tough country , a resilient country and I am quite confident we will find our way around this , ” said Sisa Ntshona , SA Tourism 's chief executive .
BEIJING China said on Thursday that it blocked an Australia-based Chinese academic from taking a flight to Sydney this week to `` safeguard national security '' as fellow professors called for Beijing to allow them to return home .
Feng Chongyi , a long-service associate professor of China studies at the University of Technology Sydney , was blocked from going home after a trip to China on Sunday , according to the Australian government .
Feng was held for questioning last week in Kunming , the provincial capital of southwestern Yunnan , then barred from boarding a flight to Sydney from Guangzhou on Friday , sources familiar with the situation told Reuters .
The news of theirs being blocked from leaving came as Chinese Premier Li Keqiang finished up a five-day official visit to Canberra and Sydney espousing free trade and closer economic ties between Australia and China .
`` In order to safeguard China 's national security , the relevant departments took measures in accordance with law against Chinese citizen Feng Chongyi to prevent them from leaving the country , '' Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang said at a regular press briefing in Beijing .
`` Feng Chongyi is a Chinese citizen ... If this was an Australian citizen , and Australian authorities wanted to open an investigation , then ( the citizen ) would also be obliged to comply . ''
Feng , an Australian permanent resident who retains their Chinese passport , entered China three weeks ago and had been travelling with their wife , an Australian national .
Australia 's Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade said on Thursday that the government was `` monitoring developments closely and has raised this case with senior Chinese officials '' .
When reached by Reuters on Thursday , Feng directed questions to their lawyer , Chen Jinxue , due to the sensitivity of their situation .
Chen told Reuters that police had previously suggested Feng was being prevented from leaving China on national security grounds but had not elaborated .
They said Feng remained at their hotel in Guangzhou and state security officers were interrogating them daily for two to three hours at a time . They said state security had instructed Feng not to reveal details over what they were being questioned about .
`` The definition of national security is extremely broad , '' Chen said . `` What exactly did they do ? If they ca n't leave the country , they should at least give them something in writing . ''
Feng had been meeting with fellow academics and intellectuals while in China , as well as human rights lawyers as part of their academic research .
An open letter addressed to Chinese President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Li signed by dozens of internationally respected China Studies scholars from Australia , the United States , Britain and Hong Kong was also circulated on Thursday `` respectfully requesting '' Feng 's release .
The letter said they were `` disturbed '' that a fellow researcher was `` prevented from returning to their home and workplace for no reason other than their conscientious work '' as a China Studies scholar .
`` Such actions make it difficult for the rest of us to be confident in the research environment in China today , '' it said .
( Additional reporting by Melanie Burton in MELBOURNE ; Editing by Nick Macfie )
* Soft euro zone inflation data pressures euro
* Upward revision to US GDP data helps greenback
* Market awaits Trump trade orders later in the session
* S. African rand slumps as fin min replaced
TOKYO , March 31 The dollar edged up on Friday , poised for weekly gains after solid U.S. economic data contrasted with cooling euro zone inflation , though it was set to book losses in the first quarter amid concerns about the direction of U.S. President Donald Trump 's policies .
The dollar index , which tracks the U.S. currency against a basket of six major rivals , was up 0.2 percent at 100.59 , up 1 percent for the week and within a hair of a two-week high of 100.60 hit overnight . It was down 1.6 percent for the first quarter , and 0.5 for the month .
The euro nursed losses , flat on the day at $ 1.0675 and down 1.1 percent for the week . It was up 0.9 percent for March , and 1.5 percent for the quarter .
German and Spanish consumer price data released on Thursday showed inflation slowed more sharply than expected in March as oil prices slumped , offering some respite to the European Central Bank as it faces pressure to wind down its monetary stimulus .
Revised U.S. gross domestic product data on Thursday showed that U.S. fourth quarter growth slowed less than previously reported as consumer spending provided a boost that was partially offset by the largest gain in imports in two years .
`` The number itself was n't great but the forward-looking indicators look pretty good , '' Jennifer Vail , head of fixed-income research for US Bank Wealth Management in Portland , Oregon said about the U.S. figures .
`` You 're probably going to see some modest reaction to the softness we 're seeing in the eurozone , as it looks like some of the inflation data is not as strong as initially thought , '' they said . `` I think the reason you did n't see more substantial dollar strength is concerns on the lack of conviction that our new president had in getting ACA repealed . ''
Republicans withdrew their bill a week ago to replace and repeal the Obama administration 's Affordable Care Act ( ACA ) due to lack of support in Congress , raising concerns that Trump 's tax reform and stimulus measures might also face legislative challenges .
Trump lashed out on Thursday at Republican conservatives who helped torpedo the healthcare legislation , escalating a feud within their party .
TRUMP 'S TRADE ORDERS IN FOCUS
Later on Friday , Trump will sign executive orders aimed at identifying abuses that are causing massive U.S. trade deficits and clamping down on non-payment of anti-dumping and anti-subsidy duties on imports , according to their top trade officials .
Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told reporters that one of the orders directs their department and the U.S. Trade Representative to conduct a major review of the causes of U.S. trade deficits , including `` currency misalignment .
While the foreign exchange market 's reaction to the news was muted , market participants were warily watching for developments .
`` From a risk-management perspective , it 's definitely something on the radar , '' said Bart Wakabayashi , branch manager for State Street Bank and Trust in Tokyo .
As the conditions to be labelled a currency manipulator are subjective , U.S. officials could tweak their definition so that it even included countries like South Korea and Japan , they said .
Against its Japanese counterpart , the dollar added 0.1 percent to 112.07 yen , after edging up to its highest levels since March 21 . It was up 0.6 percent for the week , but down 0.6 percent for the month and skidded 4.3 percent for the quarter .
Data released on Friday showed Japan 's core consumer prices rose 0.2 percent in February from a year earlier , marking the fastest annual pace in nearly two years but still distant from the central bank 's ambitious 2 percent target .
Japan 's business year ends on Friday . The dollar was on track to lose 0.4 percent against the yen for the fiscal period .
Sterling edged up 0.2 percent to $ 1.2481 , on track for a slight gain in a week marked by volatile trading as British Prime Minister Theresa May formally triggered the Brexit process .
It was up 1.2 percent for the quarter , on track for its first quarterly gain against the dollar for almost two years as accelerating inflation fuelled expectations that the Bank of England was moving towards tightening policy .
The dollar rallied 1.3 percent against South Africa 's rand to 13.470 , its highest since early February , after President Jacob Zuma sacked finance minister Pravin Gordhan in a cabinet reshuffle following days of speculation that has rocked the country 's markets and currency .
Gordhan was replaced with home affairs head Malusi Gigaba . ( Reporting by Tokyo markets team ; Editing by Richard Pullin & Shri Navaratnam )
Photo : Robert Hanashiro / USA Today
By Annie Reuter
The second annual Wearable Art Gala was held in Los Angeles on Saturday ( March 17 ) and while Blue Ivy Carter stole the show with their bidding war with Tyler Perry , mom Beyoncé also had a moment in the spotlight that night . Bey was honored for their humanitarian work .
Related : Blue Ivy Carter Bids $ 19,000 on Painting
The singer was celebrated at the gala with a thoughtful message from Michelle Obama as well as gave a humbling and tearful speech of their own .
“ I love you , I am inspired by you , ” Michelle Obama said in a recorded video clip . “ I 'm so honored and proud of everything that you have achieved and everything that you have contributed to our country and our world . ”
During their speech , Beyoncé admitted that they feel strange receiving an award for their humanitarian work and that they often try to keep the things they do to herself .
“ I try to keep my charitable work quiet because I feel like these things should come from the goodness of your heart and not from anything orchestrated as a campaign , ” they said . “ And if I 'm honest , I keep it quiet because I actually feel like I could be doing more . ”
Beyoncé 's mother , Tina Knowles-Lawson , is the director of the Wearable Art Gala . Knowles-Lawson and their husband Richard Lawson , are the co-directors of the event , which benefits the WACO Theater Center in Los Angeles . The mission of the center is to create a space ‘ Where Art Can Occur ' and where students are taught to develop their true purpose and awaken their individual power source which fuels their art .
Double Olympic champion Joanna Rowsell Shand , who retired from international cycling earlier this month , has defended embattled British Cycling , saying that they never experienced sexism during their stellar 10-year career .
Funding body UK Sport is investigating British Cycling after technical director Shane Sutton quit last year over allegations of sexual discrimination against track cyclist Jess Varnish and an ingrained `` culture of fear '' .
Rowsell Shand , who also won five World Championships and four European titles , said that although British Cycling was `` not perfect '' , they had never personally faced discrimination in the decade they spent working with the governing body .
`` It 's not my experience , '' Rowsell said in an interview with the Times published on Thursday . `` I 've come through the whole system and won two Olympic gold medals and I would n't have been able to do that if I 'd experienced sexism .
`` I did n't fear British Cycling . I accepted the commitment that was needed ... and dedicated a decade of my life to it . I came out with some good results and I 'm glad I did it .
`` British Cycling is not perfect and people 's complaints need to be addressed , but they have done a lot of good . ''
Varnish 's allegations were supported by former British Olympic champions Nicole Cook and Victoria Pendleton , while Wendy Houvenaghel , a silver medallist at the 2008 Beijing Games , has also spoken out against the body .
Rowsell Shand , however , disagreed , saying the culture at British Cycling pushed them to become a better athlete .
`` Elite sport is really tough , '' the 28-year-old said . `` It 's not all fun and games ... It 's intense but everyone is doing it because they want to win . They 're not there to ride their bikes out in the sun .
`` When you have that mentality , it makes you work hard . But elite sport is not for everybody . ''
Varnish went public after being dropped from the performance squad when they failed to qualify for the 2016 Rio Games and Rowsell Shand added that they understood what fuelled their former teammate 's anger .
`` The criticism does n't surprise me because I understand that the disappointment must be huge , '' Rowsell Shand said . `` I understand how hard it would be to take if you had to leave the programme or did n't get the results you wanted . ''
Rowsell Shand , however , said they regretted not offering their opinion when contacted by UK Sport 's independent investigating team .
`` In terms of the review , I was sent an email in June last year , less than two months out from the Olympics ... I was very focused on Rio and did n't realise how important the review would become , '' they added .
`` In hindsight , I should have offered an opinion , which would have provided some balance . I had the impression from the email that they only wanted to hear from people if they had something to report . ''
( Writing by Simon Jennings in Benglauru ; Editing by John O'Brien )
WASHINGTON , March 29 A looming push to overhaul the U.S. tax code could include the repeal of Obamacare taxes left intact by last week 's collapse of the Republican healthcare bill , the Senate 's top Republican on tax policy said on Wednesday .
Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch said levies imposed by Obamacare , including taxes on medical devices and benefit-rich health insurance polices known as `` Cadillac '' plans , could be tackled through tax reform or a revised healthcare bill .
`` Either , as far as I 'm concerned , '' Hatch told reporters . `` Any way we can get rid of those , I think it 'd be a good thing . ''
Americans for Tax Reform , a political group in Washington that opposes all tax increases , said 21 tax hikes emerged from the 2010 Affordable Care Act , popularly known as Obamacare .
Democrats say the taxes are necessary to help moderate-to-low-income consumers obtain health coverage through private insurance and the Medicaid program for the poor and disabled .
The prospects for using tax reform to repeal Obamacare 's taxes dimmed earlier this week in the House of Representatives , when House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady said they would not include the Obamacare items in tax reform legislation their panel is expected to disclose later this year .
Hatch 's comments suggested the Senate could take a different approach on the taxes once a House tax reform bill reaches their chamber , unless a new healthcare bill surfaces first .
The House Republican healthcare bill , which would have repealed nearly $ 900 billion in Obamacare taxes over a decade , was pulled from consideration last Friday because Republicans lacked the votes to pass it .
Republicans say they are determined to revisit the topic , and President Donald Trump told senators on Tuesday that they expected lawmakers to reach a deal on healthcare . ( Reporting by David Morgan ; Editing by Julia Edwards Ainsley and Peter Cooney )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
( Adds details , background )
DUBAI May 2 Kuwaiti telecom group Zain reported a flat quarterly profit on Tuesday as its revenues were hampered by foreign currency translation .
The group , which operates in eight Middle East and African countries , made 38 million dinars ( $ 124.88 million ) in the three months to March 31 , up 3 percent , it said in an emailed statement .
EFG Hermes had forecast a profit of 37.41 million dinars while SICO Bahrain had forecast a 32 million dinar profit .
Revenue fell 11 percent to 247 million dinars , which Zain said was largely attributed to a 59 percent currency devaluation in Sudan since November .
The impact of foreign currency translation cost the company $ 138 million in revenue and $ 32 million in income over the period , Zain said .
The operator said that intense price competition in Kuwait and additional operating costs to expand and upgrade the network had also impacted its financial performance .
Zain announced earlier on Tuesday it had submitted an offer to bid for Oman 's third mobile network operator license .
( $ 1 = 0.3041 Kuwaiti dinars ) ( Reporting by Alexander Cornwell ; editing by Jason Neely and Susan Thomas )
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
May 2 Davita Inc
* Davita Inc. 1st quarter 2017 results
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $ 0.79
* Q1 earnings per share $ 2.29
* Q1 earnings per share view $ 0.81 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Says expects its adjusted consolidated operating income guidance for 2017 to be in range of $ 1.635 billion to $ 1.775 billion
* Davita Inc qtrly Q4 total net revenues $ 3.70 billion versus $ 3.58 billion Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
KUALA LUMPUR , April 13 Malaysia 's central bank said on Thursday it will allow all resident entities to short-sell Malaysian government securities from May 2 , in an effort to boost liquidity in the bond market and provide additional risk management tools .
Only licensed banks and investment banks were allowed to short sell before .
Non-bank entities will also be allowed to have a net forward hedging position of up to 100 percent of their underlying assets and manage an additional 25 percent of foreign exchange exposure , said Bank Negara Malaysia ( BNM ) Assistant Governor Adnan Zaylani Mohamad Zahid .
The new initiatives are part of BNM 's measures to improve liquidity and encourage more onshore trade of the ringgit . The ringgit hit a near 19-year low of 4.4980 to the dollar on Jan. 4 , though it has since recovered 1.5 percent this year .
Adnan said the central bank is also considering a plan to allow short selling shariah-compliant Malaysian government investment issue ( MGII ) bonds to narrow the pricing gap with government securities .
`` We will issue a concept paper and expect industry feedback by April 28 , '' Adnan told journalists at a briefing on the new measures .
On foreign exchange risk exposure , Adnan said residents will be given additional options to hedge up to 6 million ringgits ( $ 1.36 million ) per bank without documentary evidence in the pound sterling , euro and Japanese yen starting May 2 .
Residents are currently given two pairing options to hedge their foreign exchange risk exposure - dollar/ringgit and yuan/ringgit .
Adnan said BNM is also implementing a new code of conduct for financial markets , replacing the existing code issued in 1994 to update on the principles and standards to be followed by market participants and the role of industry associations `` in preserving market order and stability '' .
In November , the central bank stepped in to discourage ringgit trade in the non-deliverable forwards ( NDF ) market , as the Malaysian currency languished as Asia 's worst performer in the aftermath of Donald Trump 's U.S. presidential election win .
BNM later announced in December new measures to boost liquidity and domestic trade of the ringgit , steps that the central bank said have helped stabilise the currency . ( $ 1 = 4.4230 ringgit ) ( Reporting by Joseph Sipalan ; Editing by Sam Holmes )
GSK Plc ( GSK.L ) is voluntarily recalling more than 593,000 Ventolin asthma inhalers from U.S. hospitals , pharmacies , retailers and wholesalers due to a defect that may cause them to deliver fewer doses of the medicine than indicated , the British drugmaker said on Tuesday .
The company said it had received an elevated number of product complaints about a bulging of the outside wrapper , indicating a leak of the propellant that delivers the medicine . The recall involves three lots of the Ventolin HFA 200D inhalers manufactured at GSK 's plant in Zebulon , North Carolina .
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has approved the voluntary `` Level 2 '' recall , which only affects products in the United States , GSK spokesperson Juan Carlos Molina said .
The defect does not pose a danger to patients , so they are not being asked to return inhalers they have already purchased .
GSK said it was trying to identify the root cause of the problem and would take corrective action .
Meanwhile , the Zebulon plant is still making the inhalers , Molina said .
`` We currently do n't anticipate a supply impact to Ventolin HFA 200D inhaler as a result of this issue , '' GSK said in a statement .
( Reporting by Bill Berkrot ; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn )
LIVERPOOL , England , April 9 Romelu Lukaku and Ross Barkley showed their central importance to Everton 's rise towards the top six in the Premier League in the 4-2 win over Leicester City on Sunday but their contract situations remain a concern for manager Ronald Koeman .
Belgian forward Lukaku , the league 's top scorer , scored twice to take their tally to 23 this season and they have now scored in the Toffees ' last seven home games , which have all ended in victory .
It was Barkley who helped Lukaku bring Everton level at 2-2 in the 23rd minute with a brilliant cross from the right flank which the striker confidently headed home .
That highlighted the contribution the pair have made to the progress of Koeman 's team , who currently lie seventh in the table , but the Dutch coach found themselves having to talk about contracts as much as goals and assists .
Barkley 's contract runs out at the end of next season and they have yet to put pen to paper on a new deal .
`` We offer them a new contract and then there are two possibilities . One is sign that contract ( but ) if they do n't sign the contract , then we need to sell the player . It is simple , '' Koeman told reporters .
There was a different tone taken by the Dutchman , however , when asked about Lukaku , who has rejected a deal to extend their contract beyond 2019 and is reported to be interested in testing their position in the market at the end of this campaign .
`` Everyone knows they are a key player for Everton and we will try to do everything to keep Rom at Everton but always the final decision is by the player , '' Koeman said .
`` Of course we talk a lot about Ross and Rom because they are really important ... they can be the difference between us and the opponents , like today . I thought they played really well .
`` We know Rom is a great finisher . Ross played really well in between the lines ... you want to see your best players performing like they showed this afternoon .
`` They were outstanding but the whole team was outstanding . You need this kind of players on the top level because they make difference and that is what we like . '' ( Editing by Ian Chadband )
UPDATE 2-Soccer-Bolivian championship adecuacion results and standings
June 15 ( Gracenote ) - Results and standings from the Bolivian championship Adecuacion matches on Thursday Wednesday , June 14 Club Petrolero 2 Bolivar 2 Oriente Petrolero 4 San Jose 1 Universitario de Sucre 0 Blooming 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Bolivar 19 13 2 4 53 16 41 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 2 Oriente Petrolero 19 10 4 5 35 24 34 3 The Strongest 17 10 1 6 38 26 31 4 Nacional Potosi 17 9 2
Britain Football Soccer - Manchester United v FC Rostov - Europa League Round of 16 Second Leg - Old Trafford , Manchester , England - 16/3/17 Manchester United 's Paul Pogba warms up before the match Action Images via Reuters / Jason Cairnduff Livepic
Paul Pogba believes too much is expected of them at Manchester United due to their world record transfer fee and stressed that they are doing a fine job as a midfielder for the Premier League club .
Pogba , who returned to United from Italian champions Juventus for 89 million pounds in August , has been subjected to a constant wave of criticism after scoring just seven goals in 43 appearances this campaign .
`` When I give some assists to people and we do n't score it can happen , nobody talks about this -- but it 's fine because they want me to score goals because of the mountain of the transfer , '' The France international told British media .
`` The people are looking at me . They judge me for not scoring goals ... I am doing a job . I am a midfield player and people think I 'm an attacking player .
`` People are looking me saying 'Pogba should score goals ' , 'Pogba should do this ' -- I think you are putting me like as a striker , defender and midfielder . ''
United , who are fifth in the league , host Chelsea on Sunday and last won a league game against the leaders in 2012 . The last three league meetings between the sides at Old Trafford have all ended in draws .
However , United 's immediate attention will be on the first leg of their Europa League quarter-final against Belgian side Anderlecht on Thursday .
( Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru )
( Adds volume , ebit by region )
April 20 Marine Harvest Asa , the world 's largest fish farmer , reported preliminary first-quarter earnings ahead of forecasts on Thursday :
* Q1 operational ebit EUR 215 million ( $ 230.46 million ) ( Reuters poll EUR 206 million ) vs EUR 112 million in Q1 2016
* Q1 harvest volume 84,000 tonnes ( Reuters poll 84,300 tonnes ) . In connection with the presentation of the Q4 2016 results , Marine Harvest had guided a total harvest volume of 84,000 tonnes for Q1
* Norway unit had Q1 harvest volume 49,000 tonnes ( Reuters poll 49,300 tonnes )
* Scotland unit Q1 volume 18,000 tonnes , Canada 9,000 tonnes , Chile 6,000 tonnes , other 2,000 tonnes
* Operational EBIT per kilo through the value chain in Norway was EUR 2.50 ( Reuters poll EUR 2.46 )
* Operational EBIT per kilo through the value chain in Scotland was EUR 3.0 ( Reuters poll EUR 1.95 )
* Operational EBIT per kilo through the value chain in Canada was EUR 3.35 ( Reuters poll EUR 3.39 )
* Operational EBIT per kilo through the value chain in Chile was EUR 1.85 ( Reuters poll EUR 1.80 )
* Reported net interest bearing debt was approximately EUR 845 million at end of quarter
* Complete Q1 2017 report will be released on May 10 at 0630 CET Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9329 euros ) ( Reporting By Terje Solsvik )
OKLAHOMA CITY ( AP ) — A Republican Oklahoma lawmaker who defended their description of pregnant women as “ hosts ” won approval Tuesday for their bill that would require women seeking an abortion to first receive written consent from the father .
The state House Public Health Committee voted 5-2 in favor of the bill by Rep. Justin Humphrey , despite Humphrey 's own concession that it might be unconstitutional . It now proceeds to the full House , where it 's likely to pass if granted a hearing .
“ The thing I wanted to spark in a debate is that fathers have a role . Exactly where that role is , I 'm not sure , ” said Humphrey , R-Lane . “ I 'm proud that I 've gotten a chance to start the conversation . ”
The bill would require women seeking an abortion to provide the name of the father and would prohibit them from going through with it without their written informed consent . It also would allow the father to demand that a paternity test be performed and would provide exceptions in cases where the woman is the victim of rape or incest or if the pregnancy would endanger their life .
Humphrey acknowledged that the bill may not pass constitutional muster , but said they wanted to ensure that fathers have a role in the abortion process .
Tamya Cox , a spokesperson for Planned Parenthood Great Plains , said the U.S. Supreme Court already ruled against requirements to notify the father in a 1992 decision in Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Casey .
“ Courts have said that states can not create undue burdens and create unnecessary obstacles when it comes to a woman 's right to access abortion , ” Cox said . “ To waste taxpayer dollars on bills like this does not represent what 's best for Oklahomans . ”
Cox also lambasted Humphrey for referring to women as “ hosts , ” a comment they said was inflammatory and unacceptable but which Humphrey defended again on Tuesday .
“ I think I used the proper verbiage . When I used the term host , it 's not meant to degrade women , ” Humphrey said . “ If there 's better verbiage out there , I will gladly use better verbiage . I just could n't find it . ”
The same committee on Tuesday also approved a separate measure prohibiting abortions based on the diagnosis of a fetal abnormality or Down syndrome .
Oklahoma 's Republican-led Legislature has passed some of the country 's most far-reaching anti-abortion legislation , but at least five of the proposals have been tossed by the courts in the last six years . Three additional bills remain tied up in court .
At least 11 anti-abortion bills have been introduced this session , including one that classifies the procedure as first-degree murder , but it 's unlikely many of those will reach the governor 's desk . The Legislature last year approved a bill to make it a felony punishable by up to three years in prison for anyone who performs an abortion , but Republican Gov . Mary Fallin vetoed it , saying it was clearly unconstitutional .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A £5 that that could be worth £50,000 has been discovered in a Christmas card .
There are just four Jane Austen £5 notes in circulation .
The special edition polymer banknotes are engraved with a tiny portrait of the famous author .
Each has an individual quote from one of their works – and are worth £50,000 each .
Someone just found one tucked inside a Christmas card .
The latest discovery was found on Thursday in Scotland , though the new owner is remaining anonymous , for obvious reasons .
Tony Huggins-Haig , from an art gallery in Kelso on the Scottish borders , which launched the project , said : `` When somebody opened their Christmas card from a loved one , it was contained in that Christmas card .
`` The person who put it in did n't necessarily know what they were doing .
`` That 's two down and there 's still two out there . Keep checking your change . ''
The first literary note was found by an elderly art fan in a café in Blackwood , South Wales .
Someone had unknowingly spent it on a sausage and egg butty , and it was then unwittingly handed out as change .
Graham Short , an artist from Northfield , is famed for their minuscule masterpieces that can be worth tens of thousands of pounds , and specially engraved four new Bank of England polymer £5 notes .
The images are all tiny portraits of novelist Jane Austen measuring just 5mm .
The 70-year-old artist said : “ I 'm always looking to do something different and as soon as I saw the new £5 note I thought 'would n't it be good if I could engrave something on it ? '
`` I did n't know what but then I found out it was going to be the 200th anniversary of Jane Austen 's death and their image is also going on the new £10 note , so it ties in nicely with that .
April 6 SSM HOLDING AB ( PUBL ) :
* OFFER PRICE IN SSM 'S IPO SET AT SEK 59 PER SHARE
* RECEIVES PROCEEDS OF ABOUT SEK 540 MILLION BEFORE TRANSACTION COSTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFER
* SSM HOLDING AB ( PUBL ) - ASSUMING OVERALLOTMENT OPTION IS EXERCISED IN FULL , OFFER WILL INCLUDE 11,285,106 SHARES , ABOUT 29 PERCENT OF TOTAL NUMBER OF SHARES FOR OFFER AND A TOTAL VALUE OF SEK 666 MILLION Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Demonstrators protest against South African President Jacob Zuma 's firing of Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan , outside Parliament in Cape Town , South Africa , March 31 , 2017 . REUTERS/Mike Hutchings
Demonstrators protest against South African President Jacob Zuma 's firing of Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan , outside Parliament in Cape Town , South Africa , March 31 , 2017 . REUTERS/Mike Hutchings
Demonstrators protest against South African President Jacob Zuma 's firing of Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan , outside Parliament in Cape Town , South Africa , March 31 , 2017 . REUTERS/Mike Hutchings
Demonstrators protest against South African President Jacob Zuma 's firing of Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan , outside Parliament in Cape Town , South Africa , March 31 , 2017 . REUTERS/Mike Hutchings
Demonstrators protest against South African President Jacob Zuma 's firing of Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan , outside Parliament in Cape Town , South Africa , March 31 , 2017 . REUTERS/Mike Hutchings
Demonstrators protest against South African President Jacob Zuma 's firing of Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan , outside Parliament in Cape Town , South Africa , March 31 , 2017 . REUTERS/Mike Hutchings
Demonstrators protest against South African President Jacob Zuma 's firing of Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan , outside Parliament in Cape Town , South Africa , March 31 , 2017 . REUTERS/Mike Hutchings
Demonstrators protest against South African President Jacob Zuma 's firing of Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan , outside Parliament in Cape Town , South Africa , March 31 , 2017 . REUTERS/Mike Hutchings
African National Congress ( ANC ) Secretary General Gwede Mantashe briefs the media at the end of the party 's National Executive Committee ( NEC ) three-day meeting in Pretoria , South Africa March 20 , 2016 . REUTERS/Siphiwe Sibeko
JOHANNESBURG President Jacob Zuma 's midnight sacking of their finance minister shook South African markets on Friday , undermining their authority and threatening to split the African National Congress ( ANC ) that has governed since the end of apartheid .
Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa , who is one of the leading candidates to replace Zuma as ANC president , described the decision to remove Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan as `` totally , totally unacceptable '' .
The comments by Ramaphosa , who usually publicly backs Zuma , were a sign of deepening divisions in the ANC that are likely to worsen until the party elects a new leader in December .
Zuma 's cabinet reorganisation rallied support , however , among powerful sections of the party that are hostile to banking interests they see Gordhan as representing .
The Women 's League and the influential ANC youth wing welcomed the reshuffle , which included moving former youth league leader Malusi Gigaba , 45 , from home affairs to replace Gordhan , 67 .
`` Younger ministers will mean more transformation , '' Youth Wing leader Collen Maine said , citing hopes for land redistribution for poor black farmers , free education and more black involvement in state financial institutions .
Ramaphosa said Zuma removed Gordhan on the basis of a `` spurious '' intelligence report that accused them and their deputy Mcebisi Jonas of plotting with banks in London to undermine the South African economy . Jonas was also fired by Zuma .
`` I told the President so , that I would not agree with them on their reasoning , '' they said .
Opposition parties and ANC sources say Zuma removed Gordhan because they were obstructing Zuma 's allies ' access to state funds .
Zuma and their followers have been accused by opponents and some senior ANC members of corruption and links with the wealthy Indian Gupta family . A report by a constitutionally-mandated watchdog last year said the Guptas influenced Zuma in making government appointments .
The Guptas and Zuma deny the allegations .
Gordhan said `` we should all be afraid '' when government decisions are made outside formal structures .
Ramaphosa and former African Union Chairwoman Nkosozana Dlamini-Zuma are viewed as the front-runners to replace Zuma .
Dlamini-Zuma is Zuma 's ex-wife and they are expected to support them while a separate faction will back Ramaphosa , analysts say .
ANC Secretary General Gwede Mantashe also openly criticised Zuma , in what analysts believe is a sign they will back Ramaphosa .
`` I 'm very uncomfortable because areas where ministers do not perform have not been touched . Ministers who have been moved , the majority of them are performing ministers , '' Mantashe told Talk Radio 702 .
`` I felt like this list has been developed somewhere else and was given to us to legitimise it , '' Mantashe added , in a comment that will fuel speculation Zuma is being influenced by people outside government .
Rumours Zuma was to replace Gordhan have unsettled markets all week and ANC members urged the president to reconsider .
The rand ZAR=D3 has fallen 5 percent since its highest point on Thursday prior to the reshuffle and is set for its biggest weekly decline since December 2015 . Banking stocks .JBANK were down more than 5 percent on Friday and bond yields climbed sharply .
Late on Friday evening , Zuma presided over the swearing in of new ministers and deputy ministers .
`` HUGE RISK ''
Zuma 's determination to change their cabinet has thrown the ANC into its deepest crisis since it swept to power under Nelson Mandela at the end of apartheid in 1994 . Opposition parties called for Zuma to resign ; but analysts mostly predicted Zuma would survive the fallout after picking Gigaba to replace Gordhan , a more prudent choice than investors had feared , despite concern budget discipline would falter .
Zuma met with the most senior members of the ANC , known as `` The Top Six '' , late on Thursday to inform them of the reshuffle but flouted accepted procedure in deciding not to consult them .
`` Jacob Zuma has taken a huge political risk , possibly the biggest political risk of their career thus far , '' Daniel Silke , director at Political Futures Consultancy said .
`` This will put further strain on an already fractured ANC . Zuma will survive but they will survive within an ANC that finds itself unable to accomplish just about anything . ''
So far the race to replace Zuma has been muted but the divisive reshuffle is likely to split the ANC into two sides , one aligned to Zuma and the other to Ramaphosa , a former trade union boss turned business tycoon .
`` These tensions will barrel into the ANC 's succession debate and here we expect the president 's move has strengthened the support for Mr Ramaphosa , '' Simon Freemantle , Senior Political Economist at Standard Bank said .
Business and political leaders condemned Zuma and predicted that South Africa 's sovereign credit rating would be downgraded to `` junk '' in the coming months .
Fitch , one of two rating firms that rate South Africa 's credit score just one notch above junk , said the reshuffle could weaken public finances and standards of governance if the fiscal consolidation championed by Gordhan became less of a priority .
ANC ally the South African Communist Party said the firing of Gordhan , who was seen by investors locally and abroad as a champion of fiscal responsibility , risked triggering the looting of treasury .
Last year the Constitutional Court ordered Zuma to repay 7.8 million rand ( $ 579,004 ) in inappropriate state spending on their sprawling country home .
( $ 1 = 13.4714 rand )
( Additional reporting by Olivia Kumwenda-Mtambo , Nqobile Dludla , TJ Strydom , Olwethu Boso and Ed Stoddard ; writing by Joe Brock ; editing by Ralph Boulton and Philippa Fletcher )
A rally with white nationalists chanting phrases like `` Jews will not replace us '' and `` end immigration , one people , one nation '' was , as many expressed online , disturbing yet not really all that surprising .
Within hours of the tragedy in Charlottesville , journalists , scholars and other leading voices weighed in around the Internet , with analysis and deeper understanding of how this unfolded .
Below are some of the most revealing pieces we read .
Here at Code Switch , my teammate Gene Demby wrote about about how white nationalists are edging their movement out of the shadows :
`` Richard Spencer , the white nationalist leader and University of Virginia alum who coined the term 'alt-right , ' would likely count that openness as its own incremental success . 'If you greeted someone in 1985 and you said , 'all gays should marry , ' you actually would get a lot of laughs , ' Spencer told The Atlantic last year , not long after the election . 'By 2015 , gay marriage is popular . What is possible has shifted . That 's what the alt-right is doing . It 's shifting the reality of what 's possible , and imagining a reality in which they are . ' ``
Code Switch alum Matt Thompson , now executive editor at The Atlantic , riffed on the brazenness of the white supremacists who marched this weekend , compared with Klan members of decades past who hid under white hoods . `` The shameless return of white supremacy into America 's public spaces seems to be happening by degrees , and quickly , '' Thompson wrote .
Dara Lind , a reporter at Vox who wrote an explainer of the rally and its origins , described it as a `` coming-out party for resurgent white nationalism in America . ''
Nathan Guttman , a reporter with Forward , an online news site aimed at Jewish Americans , penned a vivid piece about covering the march . They recounted watching as Spencer launched into a rant about the mayor of Charlottesville , Michael Signer .
`` ' [ L ] ittle Mayor Signer — SEE-NER — how do you pronounce this little creep 's name ? ' asked Richard Spencer , a right-wing leader who dreams of a 'white ethnostate , ' as they stood on a bench under a tree to rally their troops , deprived of their protest . The crowd knew exactly how to pronounce their name : 'Jew , Jew , Jew , Jew ' some shouted out . The rest burst out in laughter . And that was one of the only moments of levity the alt-right audience gathered under the tree enjoyed . ''
And Jia Tolentino , a writer for The New Yorker and a graduate of the University of Virginia , meditated on Charlottesville 's progressive guise and ability to hide its dark racial past . `` While I was at U.V.A. , the fact that slaves had built the school was hardly discussed , and the most prominent acknowledgment that Jefferson was a slave owner came on Valentine 's Day , when signs went up all over campus that said 'TJ ♥s Sally . ' ``
Many writers also took on the response from President Trump , whose initial reaction to the violence in Charlottesville condemned equally both sides of the protest . `` We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred , bigotry and violence on many sides , '' Trump said , in remarks that brought condemnation from both Democrats and Republicans .
Writing for The New Yorker , Jelani Cobb parsed Trump 's initial response further :
`` We have seen a great number of false equivalencies in the past two years , and the most recent Presidential election was defined by them . Yet it remains striking to hear Trump imply that Nazis and the interracial group of demonstrators who gathered to oppose them were , in essence , equally wrong . It would have been naïve to expect the President to unambiguously condemn neo-Confederates ( `` Heritage , not hate , '' etc . ) , but Nazis ? For reasons that are not hard to discern , the swastika , at least in the United States , has always been more clearly legible as a symbol of racial bigotry than the Confederate flag . ''
Michael Gerson , a former speechwriter for President George W. Bush , lambasted Trump in a Washington Post piece , writing that the current president was `` incapable '' of speaking for the nation in the face of tragedy :
`` If great words can heal and inspire , base words can corrupt . Trump has been delivering the poison of prejudice in small but increasing doses . In Charlottesville , the effect became fully evident . And the president had no intention of decisively repudiating their work . What do we do with a president who is incapable or unwilling to perform their basic duties ? What do we do when they are incapable of outrage at outrageous things ? What do we do with a president who provides barely veiled cover for the darkest instincts of the human heart ? These questions lead to the dead end of political realism — a hopeless recognition of limited options . But the questions intensify . ''
On Monday , Trump responded to the increasing pressure to respond more forcefully , and gave a stronger rebuke . `` Racism is evil , '' Trump said . `` And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs , including the K.K.K. , neo-Nazis , white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans . ''
In a piece for Commentary Magazine , John Podhoretz , a former speechwriter for Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W . Bush , cast a skeptical eye toward Trump 's remarks on Monday :
`` You can choose to have whatever opinion you have on the president 's statement today condemning white supremacists , but it 's hard to believe they would have read it out if he 'd had their druthers . No , the real Donald Trump was the one we saw on Saturday when they decided to condemn violence 'on many sides ' in response to the deliberately provocative and intentionally violent neo-Nazi march in Charlottesville , Virginia ; when they decided to refer to the events as 'sad ' in tweets ; when they wished 'best regards ' to those injured by the car that was deliberately smashed into them , killing 1 and injuring 20 . When they acted in that way , they were operating according to their instinct . And their instinct said : Do not attack the white supremacists . ''
What Trump 's comments Monday mean for how , exactly , they will handle the resurgence of white supremacists , remains unclear .
As Maggie Haberman of The New York Times tweeted shortly after Trump 's remarks on Monday :
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG , June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League ( CSL ) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career .
NEW YORK , April 20 Prudential senior portfolio manager Greg Peters said on Thursday that they have been reducing their overweight position in junk bonds because the `` risk-reward is just not favorable . ''
Peters , who oversees more than $ 100 billion in multi-sector fixed-income portfolios , said he 's also shorting German 2-year bonds , also known as Schatz , because they have become `` really , really , really rich . '' ( Reporting By Jennifer Ablan ; Editing by Chris Reese )
Facing severe criticism over the implementation of Goods and Services Tax , the government on Friday announced a slew of measures to ease the concerns of traders , exporters and small business while slashing the rates on 27 items of common consumption , including roti , khakra , namkeens , stationery , human-made yarn -- with most of them brought to five per cent category.The Goods and Services Tax ( GST ) Council on Friday raised the threshold limit for Composition Scheme to Rs 1 crore and allowed quarterly return filing for traders having Rs 1.5 crore turnover to ease the tax filing for small traders . `` Traders having Rs 1.5 crore turnover , which are approximately 90 per of assessees outside Composition Scheme , can now file quarterly return , '' Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said after the Council 's 22nd meeting here , coming two days after Prime Minister Narendra Modi promised to remove the shortcoming in the new indirect tax regime and to ease woes of traders.The registered buyers from such small taxpayers would be eligible to avail input tax credit on a monthly basis.The tax rate on services , including government contracts involving large labour , job work services in relation to imitation jewellery , some food and food products has been reduced from 12 per cent to 5 per cent.Tax rate on man made yarn was reduced to 12 per cent from the current 18 per cent , which is expected to provide relief to the textile industry . Moreover , tax rate on unbranded namkeen , unbranded ayurvedic medicine , e-waste , paper waste , rubber waste , plastic waste was reduced to 5 per cent.The Council also increased the threshold for Composition Scheme under which traders , manufacturers and restaurants have to pay a fixed tax rate of 1 , 2 and 5 per cent respectively . The scheme can be availed only by those businessess who operate within the state and do not have inter-state sales . `` For small and medium taxpayers , the tax burden is less but compliance is more . So the threshold has been now increased . So far 15.5 lakh taxpayers have opted for composition scheme , '' Jaitley said.A total of 72 lakh taxpayers have migrated from the old regime and 26 lakh new taxpayers have registered under GST . About 95 per cent of the revenue is collected only from large assessees , they said.Taking stock of the exporters ' working capital that was getting blocked under GST affecting their cash liquidity , the Council has decided to disburse their refunds through cheques for July and August from October 10 and October 18 onwards respectively.A new electronic system of e-wallet is being created for exporters , which will be implemented from April 1 , 2018 . The exporters will receive some notional credit in their e-wallet as advance . They will pay their tax and the refund will get offset within the wallet . A technology company will be allotted the task to develop e-wallets for exporters.Till then , exporters will have to pay nominal GST of 0.1 per cent for procuring goods from domestic suppliers for export.The Council decided to form a group of finance ministers ( GOM ) to discuss issues including , allowing inter-state traders under composition scheme , reducing GST on restaurants and exempting zero rated goods in calculation of turnover . The GOM will have to submit its report within a period of two weeks.E-way bill , which allows for seamless movement of goods worth over Rs 50,000 , is likely to be implemented from April 1 , 2018.The system shall be introduced in a staggered manner with effect from January 1,2018 and shall be rolled out nationwide with effect from April 1 , in order to give trade and industry more time to acclimatise itself.The reverse charge mechanism has been deferred till August 31 , 2018 . Under it , if a registered trader buys goods from unregistered supplier , the compliance of the unregistered buyer is the responsibility of the registered trader . `` The reverse charge mechanism will be reviewed by a committee of experts . This will benefit small businesses and substantially reduce compliance costs , '' Jaitley said.Presently , anyone makes inter-state taxable supplies , except inter-state job workers , is compulsorily required to register , irrespective of turnover . It has now been decided to exempt those service providers whose annual aggregate turnover is less than Rs 20 lakh from obtaining registration even if they are making inter-state taxable supplies of services . This measure is expected to significantly reduce the compliance cost of small service providers.After assessing the readiness of the trade , industry and government departments , it has been decided that registration and operationalisation of TDS/TCS provisions shall be postponed till March 31 , 2018 .
The Vintage Optical Shop , known for its classic collection of retro eyewear , has taken a fresh leap in conquering the vintage eyewear industry .
Contact
The Vintage Optical Shop
* * * @ vintageopticalshop.com The Vintage Optical Shop
End
-- The Vintage Optical Shop , known for its classic collection of retro eyewear , has taken a fresh leap in conquering the vintage eyewear industry . The online retailer has launched a new collection of vintage cat-eye glasses with the guarantee of authenticity , unmatched designs and more affordable pieces.The Vintage Optical Shop has emerged as a reliable and most trusted provider of genuine vintage eyewear in the US . In a hope to satisfy larger number of vintage lovers , the company has updated its inventory with the release of the boldest and most authentic collection of vintage cat-eye glasses.The Vintage Optical Shop works with an aim to deliver quality service and products at the best price . The new addition to the collection of online , store includes cat-eye frames from the period of 50 's , 60 's and 70 's . Like all their pre-existing products , these new additions are also an unused original collection of the era and not just their replicas . The available frames are available in various designs , colors – with engravings and studded stones , and with the promise of the lowest possible price.The company also provides various sales and offers , to ensure that their loyal customers get the best deals for their favorite products . To make shopping more interesting for the customers , the online store also provides `` Subscribe & Save '' offer , where on subscribing to the online store 's newsletters , shoppers can avail $ 20 off on their next purchase . The store also takes various other efforts to make sure their customers always get to enjoy the best shopping experience , like fast delivery , customer support center , secure payment mode , free shipping , easy return policy and much more.The Vintage Optical Shop is America 's leading store for buying retro styled eyeglasses frames . With their genuine vintage products made up of quality material and fun designs , they make sure that you always have a fun new look with a vintage twist . So what are you waiting for ? Get your hand on their latest collection of cat-eye glasses and give yourself a new look . For more information about how to place your order or for any further queries and questions , visit http : //vintageopticalshop.com/ . In case of any queries , you can visit their FAQ section or fill the contact form of the website : http : //vintageopticalshop.com/The Vintage Optical Shop offers a unique selection of carefully sourced vintage eyewear pieces ranging from the 1850s to the 1980s . The company proudly boasts of selling authentic vintage glasses that have been carefully crafted to bring forth the history , creativity and personality of these gorgeous fashion styles from each era .
MADRID Lionel Messi requires two more goals to reach 500 for Barcelona and will have their sights set on achieving the milestone against great rivals Real Madrid in Sunday 's Clasico .
It is almost 12 years to the day since the diminutive Argentine netted their first , against Albacete in the Camp Nou , and there could not be a better time to bring up the magic number , particularly in a week that began with their great rival Cristiano Ronaldo netting a record 100th Champions League goal .
Barça , who trail Real by three points having played a game more , are under even more pressure than usual after Wednesday 's Champions League elimination by Juventus .
The sight of Messi flat out with blood gushing from their face after a heavy tackle from Miralem Pjanic seemed to sum up their club 's recent fortunes .
Barça lacked the hunger , fight or determination to break down a stubborn opponent .
What perhaps was most striking as they meekly exited Europe was that even the mercurial Argentine appeared drained of their superpowers against a resilient backline . They were bullied , harangued and harried out of the game by the Italians .
In complete contrast to Ronaldo , who almost single-handily dragged Real Madrid through against Bayern Munich 24 hours earlier , the five-time world player of the year looked dejected as the game drew to its inevitable conclusion before sloping off at the final whistle .
However , former teammate Ronaldinho is backing Messi to return to their best .
`` It 's a wonderful story . He 's on the verge of 500 goals for the club and my pass set up the first of them , '' Ronaldinho said . `` He 's a great man . It 's wonderful to see everything he 's achieved – and they still have lots left to give . ''
The Brazilian 's words will be put to the test this weekend as , in the absence of the suspended Neymar , the focus on Messi will be even more intense . The Argentine will need to be at their brilliant best if Barça are to overcome Zinedine Zidane 's in-form side , who are unbeaten in their last 12 .
With just two wins in their past five games and dumped out of the Champions League at the quarter-final stage for the second year running , their season is in danger of fizzling out . Defeat to Real will leave them with just the Copa del Rey to play for .
Although Messi is La Liga 's top scorer this season with 29 goals , they have not netted in their past six appearances against Real , dating back to their 2014 hat-trick at the Bernabeu . In the same period , the Portuguese has scored three in five Clasicos .
( Editing by Neil Robinson )
FILE PHOTO : Javier Fernandez of Spain performs at men 's singles short program during China ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating in Beijing , China , November 6 , 2015 . REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon/File Photo
HELSINKI Spain 's Javier Fernandez did not need to wait for the scores to flash up to know they had delivered a jaw-dropping short programme at the world figure skating championships on Thursday - all they had to do was to look at their coach Brian Orser .
The 55-year-old Canadian leapt so high with both arms raised , they could have easily hurdled over the side barriers and into the rink to hug their world champion skater .
Orser opted to put those celebrations on hold for a couple more minutes , though , as Fernandez thumped their chest and soaked up the standing ovation from the Hartwell Arena crowd .
That roaring endorsement was all the reward Fernandez needed for a simply spellbinding two minutes , 40 second routine .
`` The reaction I got from the crowd proved that I had touched them with my performance . It meant the world to me , '' the 25-year-old Fernandez told Reuters .
The Spaniard left spectators gasping in awe as they soared through a quadruple toeloop-triple toeloop combination . A high-flying quad Salchow and triple Axel were equally impressive .
But blended in with all the jumps was their intricate footwork , sublime spins and inventive choreography - skills that sets them apart from the new breed of skaters who like packing their programmes with high-scoring jumps .
PERSONAL BEST
The performance to Spanish guitar music Malaguena earned them 109.05 , shattering their personal best by almost five points .
Fernandez felt vindicated for sticking with a formula that has already earned them two world and five European titles .
`` This is the way to show people that you can get extra points by showing off your skating skills with your footwork or by interpreting ( the music ) . It 's not only about the jumps , '' said Fernandez after setting the benchmark in a contest where Shoma Uno and Patrick Chan also smashed the 100-point barrier .
`` You ca n't ignore the jumps because we have to do them but figure skating is evolving in more ways then just performing more jumps or more quads . ''
During Saturday 's free skate , a record number of quads will be seen in one day , with 17-year-old dynamo Nathan Chen , who is sixth in the standings , expected to lead the way .
The American is the first skater in history to land four different types of quads ( Lutz , flip , toeloop , Salchow ) and five in total in their free skate at this year 's U.S. Championships .
Chen , the Four Continents champion , may even increase that count in Helsinki as they have been seen practising six quads in the build-up to Saturday 's finale .
But Fernandez is in no hurry to attempt more than the three quads they currently showcase in the longer programme .
`` If I put in more quads , I may lose the connection I create with the crowd . I am not prepared to do that , '' they said .
( Reporting by Pritha Sarkar , editing by Ken Ferris )
FIL PHOTO - U.S. President Donald Trump talks to journalists at the Oval Office of the White House after the AHCA health care bill was pulled before a vote in Washington , U.S. March 24 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Barria/File Photo
WASHINGTON President Donald Trump declared war on members of their own party on Thursday by threatening the political careers of conservative Republicans who helped torpedo healthcare legislation they backed , but was quickly told the lawmakers will not bow to `` bullying . ''
In a Twitter post , Trump took aim at the Freedom Caucus , a bloc of the most conservative Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives , indicating they would try to defeat them in next year 's congressional elections if they continued to defy him .
`` The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they do n't get on the team , & fast . We must fight them , & Dems , in 2018 ! '' Trump said on Twitter .
Because Trump faces unified opposition by Democratic lawmakers , they can not afford to lose many Republicans as they try to get their legislative agenda through Congress , including healthcare , tax cuts and infrastructure spending . But keeping Freedom Caucus members happy without losing the votes of Republican moderates has proven tough .
Representative Justin Amash , a Freedom Caucus member from Michigan , shot back immediately at Trump in remarks outside the U.S. Capitol .
`` Most people do n't take well to being bullied , '' Amash told reporters . Asked if Trump 's comments were constructive , Amash added : `` It 's constructive in fifth grade . It may allow a child to get their way , but that 's not how our government works . ''
Since launching their presidential bid in 2015 , Trump has shown little reluctance to assail fellow Republican political adversaries as well as Democrats , often in scathing terms .
Trump , a real estate magnate who touted their skills as a dealmaker in their White House campaign , previously accused Freedom Caucus lawmakers of snatching `` defeat from the jaws of victory '' with their opposition to Republican healthcare legislation they supported to replace Democratic former President Barack Obama 's 2010 Affordable Care Act .
Trump went farther on Thursday . They equated members of their own party with the opposition Democrats , reflecting the extent to which they felt betrayed by the conservative lawmakers after the collapse of their first major legislative initiative .
Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan told reporters , `` I understand the president 's frustration , '' adding that they shared the frustration . Ryan said they were encouraging Republican lawmakers `` to keep talking to one another . ''
The mistrust between the White House and hardline conservatives in Congress has called into question the next big item on Trump 's agenda , sweeping tax cuts .
'BIG THINGS COMING '
Ohio Representative Jim Jordan , a co-founder of the Freedom Caucus , offered a more measured response to Trump 's remarks and avoided direct criticism of the president . Jordan said Republicans need to figure out how to work together to confront looming battles including the federal budget , appropriations and raising the U.S. debt ceiling .
`` Look , I 'm not here to assign blame to anyone , '' Jordan told the `` Fox & Friends '' program . `` I actually think we better get this right because there are a lot of big things coming . ''
`` We better get it right now , figure out how we 're going to work together to do what we told the American people we were going to do , and not just pass a bill that no one supports . ''
Republicans presented a unified front against Obama but have struggled to come together and support specific legislative proposals since Trump took office in January .
Freedom Caucus members opposed the Trump-backed healthcare legislation in part because they said parts were too similar to the Obamacare law it was supposed to replace . The called age-based tax credits in the bill intended to help people buy medical insurance an unwise new federal entitlement .
Ryan said in an interview aired earlier on Thursday they feared the Republican Party is pushing the president toward the Democrats so Trump can make good on campaign promises on an overhaul of the healthcare system .
`` I do n't want that to happen , '' Ryan told the CBS program `` This Morning '' program , referring to Trump 's offer to work with Democrats .
Some conservatives outside the Freedom Caucus bristled at Trump 's remarks about the bloc .
`` I think he 's still just negotiating , '' said Representative Thomas Massie , a Kentucky conservative who is not in the Freedom Caucus but close to some of its members .
Asked if this was a productive strategy by Trump to get Freedom Caucus members on board , Massie said , `` We 're on their side . We just feel like he 's been misled on Swampcare , '' referring to the healthcare legislation championed by Ryan .
Amash depicted Trump as now beholden to the Washington establishment .
“ It did n't take long for the swamp to drain @ realDonaldTrump , ” Amash wrote on Twitter . `` No shame , Mr. President . Almost everyone succumbs to the D.C . Establishment . ''
On Tuesday , Trump expressed optimism about getting healthcare legislation through Congress despite the failure of the House bill last Friday , telling a gathering of senators `` that 's such an easy one '' and that they expected lawmakers to reach a deal `` very quickly . '' Trump did not offer specifics , and White House spokesperson Sean Spicer on Wednesday said Trump 's comments came during a `` light-hearted '' moment .
( Reporting by Doina Chiacu , Susan Cornwell Tim Ahmann , Amanda Becker , David Alexander ; Editing by Will Dunham )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
March 30 Oceania Natural Ltd
* Operational performance is likely to vary by more than 10 pct from the targeted key operating milestones for the year ended 31 March 2017
* Has now approved a “ one off ” sale of Manuka honey to a distributor at a reduced margin
* Total revenue for FY17 is likely to be in the range of NZ $ 2.250 mln to NZ $ 2.400 mln , compared to the FY17 target of NZ $ 2.220 mln Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
KUALA LUMPUR Malaysia 's central bank said on Thursday it will support law enforcement agencies investigating the possible flow of funds to North Korea , after Reuters reported the North Korean head of a Malaysian firm had for years sent money to Pyongyang 's leadership .
Reuters on Monday cited a North Korean defector as saying that Han Hun Il , the founding chief executive of Malaysia Korea Partners ( MKP ) , had for two decades funnelled funds to the central committee of Pyongyang 's ruling Workers ' Party .
MKP is also under investigation by the United Nations for the possible violation of sanctions on North Korea .
Malaysia 's deputy home minister had said in response that the reports could damage Kuala Lumpur 's reputation as a financial hub and called on the central bank to investigate the alleged transfer of funds to North Korea .
`` Should there be any offence relating to the laws administered by Bank Negara Malaysia , an investigation will be conducted , '' the central bank said in its statement Thursday .
Malaysia 's historically close ties with North Korea have come under scrutiny following the assassination of Kim Jong Nam , the estranged half-brother of North Korea 's ruler .
Reuters reported in February that North Korea 's spy agency was running an arms export operation out of Malaysia .
( Reporting by Rozanna Latiff ; Editing by Michael Perry )
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON , June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year , the Premier League club said on Wednesday .
While it 's widely known just how difficult the Rams ' 2018 regular season schedule is , a lot of folks are focusing on how good their opponents ' offenses are . After all , the Rams will face Aaron Rodgers , Carson Wentz , Russell Wilson ( twice ) , David Johnson ( twice ) , Jimmy Garoppolo ( twice ) and Philip Rivers , among others .
However , if you look at the Rams ' slate of games , you 'll see just how good the run defenses are that Los Angeles will go up against . It 's no different than last season , though . In 2017 , the Rams faced some of the best run defenses , including the Eagles and Vikings – the top two teams in that department .
According to Pro Football Focus , Todd Gurley and the Rams will once again be tested on the ground . Advanced statistics say the Rams have the worst schedule for fantasy running backs in the NFL next season .
After having our second-toughest schedule last season , the Rams have both our toughest full fantasy season and fantasy postseason schedules . Although it 's a disadvantage for Todd Gurley , I 'm not sure it really matters . They averaged 22.4 fantasy points per game against defenses ranking top-10 in the fewest fantasy points allowed per game to running backs . In their eight other games they averaged 21.0 fantasy points per game .
Gurley showed last season that facing tough defenses has no impact on their fantasy numbers . They dominated teams like the Eagles , Jaguars and Texans on the ground last season , and although the Vikings game them some trouble , they were as consistent as any player in the NFL .
Still , next season 's opponents wo n't be easy , by any means . The Eagles , Vikings , Broncos , Cardinals , Bears and Raiders all ranked in the top 12 in rushing yards allowed in 2017 and could be even better next season .
Charter Township of Orion
Holliday Drive Road
Maintenance SAD # 2
Notice for Public Hearing
on Proposed Roll
Notice is Hereby Given :
1 . That the Board of Trustees of the Charter Township of Orion has initiated the process of making certain improvements for private road maintenance ( millings , grading , and chloride ) on Holliday Drive ( between Conklin and Snyder ) .
2 . That the special assessment roll prepared by the Township Supervisor is on file with the Township Clerk .
3 . That this Board has designated the following described lands in the township as constituting the Special Assessment District against which the cost of the improvement is to be assessed :
Driveways on Holliday : 09-01-456-045 , 09-01-456-057 , 09-01-456-043 , 09-01-456-044 , 09-01-459-044 , 09-01-459-043 , 09-01-459-045 , 09-01-459-039 , and 09-01-459-038 [ graveling , grading , chloriding & set-up fees ]
Driveways on Conklin : 09-01-456-032 and 09-01-459-035 [ chloriding & set-up fees ]
4 . The Special Assessment District is proposed to be created for a period of five ( 5 ) years or until a petition to discontinue the special assessment district is received with signatures that represent a majority of the properties in the district . Annual redeterminations of the cost of the improvement shall be necessary in the future , without a change in the boundaries in said Special Assessment District . The projected incremental increases are ten ( 10 % ) percent per year for the term of the improvement without additional public hearings .
5 . That the Township Board will meet at the Orion Township Hall , 2525 Joslyn Road , Lake Orion , Michigan , 48360 , on Monday , July 16 , 2018 , at 7:00 p.m. to hear and consider any objections to the improvement and to said Special Assessment District .
6 . If the Township Board confirms the roll , a special assessment may be levied against properties that benefit from the improvement . Act 186 of the Public Acts of Michigan , 1973 , as amended , provides that the special assessment must be protested at the hearing held for the purpose of confirming the special assessment roll before the Michigan Tax Tribunal may acquire jurisdiction of any dispute involving the special assessment . Appearance and protest at the hearing is required in order to appeal the amount of the special assessment to the Michigan Tax Tribunal . An owner of or party in interest in property to be assessed , or their agent , may appear in person to protest the special assessment , or may protest the special assessment by letter filed with the Township Clerk at or prior to the time of the hearing , in which case appearance is not required .
March 28 Medical System Network Co Ltd :
* Says it will buy 210 shares of its Sapporo-based 90.2 percent owned subsidiary , which is engaged in operation of insurance pharmacy , at 1.2 billion yen in total on April 4
* Says it will hold 100 percent stake in the subsidiary after acquisition
Source text in Japanese : goo.gl/dPsKPX
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
March 31 Shenzhen Infinova Ltd :
* Sees net loss for Q1 2017 to be 29 million yuan to 35 million yuan , compared to net loss of the same period in 2016 ( 38.9 million yuan )
* Comments that seasonal impacting and performance in unit are the main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/Ci41J6
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
ZURICH A new penalty shootout system similar to the tennis tiebreak will be tested at the European under-17 championship , which began in Croatia on Wednesday , UEFA said .
Known as ABBA , the system is designed to prevent the team that goes second from being put at the psychological disadvantage of always having to play catch-up .
Currently penalty shootouts see team A and team B take five penalties each in an alternating pattern with sudden death used after that if the scores are level .
Football 's rule making body IFAB , which approved trials of the new system in March , says research proves the team taking the first penalty have a 60 percent chance of winning , giving them an unfair advantage .
Instead , IFAB want to try a new sequence that replicates the switch of serve between tennis players in a tie break .
It involves team A taking the first penalty , team B the second and third , team A the fourth and fifth and so on until each team had taken five . The sequence would continue if the shootout then goes to sudden death .
`` The hypothesis is that the player taking the second kick in the pair is under greater mental pressure , '' said UEFA .
`` If the opposition 's first penalty in the pair has been successful , a miss by the second penalty-taker in the pair could mean the immediate loss of a match for their team , especially from the fourth pair of penalties onwards . '' UEFA said .
UEFA said the system was also being tried at the women 's European under-17 championship , which began in the Czech Republic on Tuesday .
As with the existing system , the referee will toss a coin to decide at which end of the pitch the shootout takes place .
The referee will then toss the coin for a second time and winners can decide whether to take the first or second kick .
( Writing by Brian Homewood , editing by Larry King )
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike , oil prices dip , NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday , mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months . A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S & P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data . Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent , hit by an unexpec
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Wells Fargo & Co :
* WELLS FARGO COMMITS TO SATISFYING CONSENT ORDER WITH FEDERAL RESERVE
* “ ‍CONFIDENT IT WILL SATISFY REQUIREMENTS OF CONSENT ORDER IT AGREED TO TODAY WITH BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM ” ​
* UNDER CONSENT ORDER , CO WILL PROVIDE PLANS TO FEDERAL RESERVE WITHIN 60 DAYS THAT DETAIL WHAT ALREADY HAS BEEN DONE , AND IS PLANNED
* ‍IN ADDITION , ORDER IS NOT RELATED TO WELLS FARGO ‘ S FINANCIAL CONDITION​
* WELLS FARGO CEO TIMOTHY SLOAN SAYS “ WE TAKE THIS ORDER SERIOUSLY AND ARE FOCUSED ON ADDRESSING ALL OF FEDERAL RESERVE ‘ S CONCERNS ”
* AFTER FEDERAL RESERVE APPROVAL , CO WILL ENGAGE INDEPENDENT THIRD PARTIES TO CONDUCT REVIEW TO BE COMPLETED NO LATER THAN SEPT. 30 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
The logo of French hotel operator AccorHotels is seen on the facade of the company 's headquarters in Issy-les-Moulineaux near Paris , France , April 22 , 2016 . REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes/File Photo
PARIS AccorHotels ( ACCP.PA ) , Europe 's biggest hotel group , flagged signs of a turnaround in its French home market with a jump in first-quarter occupancy rates while brisk business in Germany and Britain also helped to lift revenue .
The French company , which operates high-end chains such as Raffles and Sofitel as well as budget brands such as Ibis , has been restructuring , partly in an effort to see off competition from flat-sharing websites such as Airbnb .
AccorHotels said first-quarter revenue rose 35 percent year on year to 425 million euros ( $ 456.8 million ) . That represented a 7.4 percent like-for-like increase , stripping out acquisitions and currency effects , against a 3.1 percent rise in the previous three months .
Robust growth in Europe and Asia helped to counter a tough quarter in Brazil , where the economy is still reeling from recession and hotel chains are grappling with an overcapacity problem now last year 's Olympic Games in Rio is a fading memory .
Like-for-like revenue was still down slightly in France and Switzerland .
The tourism industry in AccorHotel 's home market , one of its biggest earnings drivers , slowed after a series of deadly attacks , but CFO Jean-Jacques Morin told a conference call that there are signs of an `` inflection point '' in France as hotel occupancy begins to improve again , particularly in Paris .
Average revenue per hotel room , a closely watched performance measure , was positive in France for the first time since 2015 , Morin said .
`` The year has kicked off very well , '' Morin said of the group as a whole , adding that guidance on 2017 targets would be released in the summer .
AccorHotels , which runs more than 4,000 hotels worldwide , has been cutting costs , expanding in the luxury end of the market and investing in new areas such as concierge services .
It also plans to sell a majority stake in its AccorInvest property unit , which has assets worth 6.6 billion euros , with Morin saying that talks are already under way with French and international investors .
Shares in AccorHotels closed slightly higher on Thursday before the results were released , up 0.8 percent at 39.50 euros . ( $ 1 = 0.9304 euros )
( Editing by David Goodman )
Renault drivers say they could barely feel the effect of the new qualifying 'party mode ' in Austria .
The French supplier has lagged behind Mercedes and Ferrari in terms of giving its drivers a special qualifying engine mode with significantly more power .
But the Renault 'party mode ' was finally added in Austria .
`` I did n't feel much , '' admitted Red Bull 's Max Verstappen .
`` I think there was a small increase in power , but I 'm not sure it is fully optimised yet . I think it has improved a little , but it was hard to feel , '' they added .
According to AS newspaper , team boss Christian Horner agrees : `` I think it was more an appetiser than a party . ''
Even the works Renault drivers were not impressed .
`` I think something more important has to happen to make it noticeable , '' said Nico Hulkenberg .
`` I do n't know what they 've told you about what we have , but I can tell you that it was n't shocking . ''
And McLaren 's Fernando Alonso said : `` We trust that it will do more , but it is difficult to make a direct comparison between the previous map and this one . ''
April 6 Carmax Inc :
* Carmax reports fourth quarter and fiscal year results
* Q4 earnings per share $ 0.81
* Q4 earnings per share view $ 0.79 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q4 revenue $ 4.05 billion versus I/B/E/S view $ 3.91 billion
* Carmax Inc - total wholesale unit sales declined 1.2 % in q4
* Used unit sales in comparable stores increased 8.7 % in q4
* Carmax Inc says estimate capital expenditures will total approximately $ 325 million in fiscal 2018
* Total used unit sales rose 13.4 % in q4
* Carmax Inc says currently plan to open 15 stores in fiscal 2018 and between 13 and 16 stores in fiscal 2019
* Carmax Inc says for Q4 Carmax auto finance income declined 10.2 % to $ 82.9 million compared to last year
* Carmax Inc says decline in income for Carmax auto finance for Q4 was primarily due to a $ 15.4 million increase in provision for loan losses
* Carmax - for Q4 continued to experience a headwind related to third-party tier 3 sales mix , which declined to 9.4 % of used unit sales from 14.5 % in prior year 's Q4 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Guangzhou Wondfo Biotech Co Ltd :
* SAYS IT SIGNS FRAMEWORK AGREEMENT WITH ATLAS GENETICS ON COOPERATIONS IN CHINA Source text in Chinese : bit.ly/2EvuovW Further company coverage : ( Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom )
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday , June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season . ( SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout )
SINGAPORE , April 12 Oil prices rose on Wednesday , putting crude futures on track for their longest streak of gains since August 2016 , as Saudi Arabia was reported to be lobbying OPEC and other producers to extend a production cut beyond the first half of 2017 .
Brent crude futures , the international benchmark for oil , were at $ 56.40 per barrel at 0117 GMT , up 17 cents , or 0.3 percent , from their last close , their highest since early March .
If Wednesday 's price rises hold , they would mark the seventh straight daily increase . That would beat a six-day bull-run from August 2016 , although the price jump then was 17.5 percent versus a 6 percent rise in the current rally of consecutive rises .
U.S. West Texas Intermediate ( WTI ) crude futures were up 16 cents , or 0.3 percent , at $ 53.56 a barrel , also their highest level since early last month .
Traders said that the price rises were a result of reports that Saudi Arabia , the de-facto leader of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) , had told other producers that it wanted to extend a coordinated production cut beyond the first half of the year .
OPEC and other producers , including Russia , have pledged to cut output by around 1.8 million barrels per day ( bpd ) during the first half of the year in an effort to rein in global oversupply and prop up prices .
While compliance from some participants has been patchy , Saudi Arabia has made significant cuts , with production PRODN-SA down 4.5 since the end of last year , despite a slight increase in March to 9.98 million bpd .
`` Saudi Arabian production reduction appears to be ahead of forecast and gave oil a boost , '' said Jeffrey Halley , senior market analyst at futures brokerage OANDA in Singapore .
Despite this , there are still some concerns that oil markets remain bloated and oversupplied , especially in the United States where both production and inventories are surging .
U.S. crude oil production C-OUT-T-EIA has risen by 9 percent since mid-2016 to 9.2 million bpd , resulting in a surge in commercial inventories to a record 535.5 million barrels C-STK-T-EIA .
The latest U.S. oil production and inventory data will be published later on Wednesday by the Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) . ( Reporting by Henning Gloystein ; Editing by kenneth Maxwell )
May 3 Williams Companies Inc :
* Williams reports first-quarter 2017 financial results
* Qtrly earnings per share $ 0.45
* Williams companies inc qtrly adjusted income from continuing operations per share $ 0.14
* Williams Companies Inc - through first-quarter 2017 , Williams has reduced its debt by $ 1.623 billion
* Williams Companies Inc - we expect to reduce Williams ' parent-company debt by approximately $ 500 million for full-year 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
CAIRO , March 29 Egypt 's cabinet approved the 2017/18 budget on Wednesday , its first since accepting a three-year $ 12 billion IMF loan contingent on ambitious economic reforms and cuts to subsidy spending .
The 2017-18 fiscal year begins in July .
Below are key targets of the proposed budget , which must now be approved by parliament :
* GDP growth of 4.6 percent versus 3.8-4 percent expected for 2016-17 .
* Budget deficit of 9.1 percent versus 10.5-10.7 percent expected for 2016-17 .
* Overall revenues of 818.621 billion Egyptian pounds ( $ 44.98 billion ) versus 644.292 billion expected for 2016-17 .
* Total tax revenues of 603.917 billion Egyptian pounds versus 460.498 billion for 2016-17 .
* Total revenue collected on value-added tax of 291.055 billion pounds , according to document seen by Reuters , versus 206.938 billion expected for 2016-17 .
* Spending of 1.188 trillion Egyptian pounds versus 994.906 billion expected for 2016-17 .
* Dollar exchange rate of 16 pounds per dollar
* Oil price of $ 55 per barrel versus $ 50 per barrel in 2016-17 budget .
* Total grants and social spending of 331.527 billion pounds versus 278.464 billion expected for 2016-17 .
* Spending for petroleum subsidies of 110.148 billion pounds , according to document seen by Reuters , versus 101.272 billion for 2016-17 .
* Electricity subsidies of 30 billion pounds , according to document seen by Reuters , versus 35.071 billion expected for 2016-17 .
* Food subsidy spending of 62.585 billion versus 49.544 billion expected for 2016-17 .
* Interest on debt of 380.986 billion versus 303.881 billion expected for 2016-17 . ( $ 1 = 18.2000 Egyptian pounds ) ( Reporting by Ehab Farouk ; Writing by Eric Knecht ; Editing by Andrew Roche )
STOCKHOLM A group of private equity companies have bid around 200 billion Swedish crowns ( $ 22.26 billion ) for the hygiene arm of tissue and forestry products firm SCA ( SCAb.ST ) , daily Dagens Nyheter wrote on Wednesday , citing unnamed sources .
SCA said last year it planned to split into two units .
`` At least two private equity companies together have bid around 200 billion crowns for the hygiene unit , '' DN said .
SCA hygiene business is the world 's largest maker of incontinence pads and No.2 in consumer tissues such as napkins and toilet paper . Its forestry arm produces paper , pulp and wood products .
SCA could not immediately be reached by Reuters for a comment .
( Reporting by Simon Johnson ; Editing by Alison Williams )
WASHINGTON , Dec 10 ( Reuters ) - U.N . Ambassador Nikki Haley said on Sunday they believe any woman who has felt violated or mistreated by a man has every right to speak up , even if it is President Donald Trump they are accusing .
Accusations of inappropriate sexual behavior or misconduct have led to the resignations of three members of Congress this month . The growing wave of women reporting abuse or misconduct has brought down powerful men from Hollywood to Washington , from movie producer Harvey Weinstein to popular television personality Matt Lauer .
More than 10 women have accused Donald Trump of sexual misconduct before they were president , and Trump , while filming a segment of the television program “ Access Hollywood , ” said they have kissed and groped women . The tape emerged during the 2016 presidential campaign .
Haley , discussing a cultural shift of women coming forward on the CBS “ Face the Nation ” program , applauded women who have come forward : “ I ‘ m proud of their strength . I ‘ m proud of their courage . ”
Asked how people should assess the accusers of the president , Haley said , it was “ the same thing . ”
“ Women who accuse anyone should be heard . They should be heard and they should be dealt with , and I think we heard them prior to the election , ” they said . “ I think any woman who has felt violated or felt mistreated in any way - they have every right to speak up . ”
Whether Trump 's election settled the matter was “ for the people to decide , ” Haley said .
“ I know that they were elected but women should always feel comfortable coming forward and we should all be willing to listen to them. ” ( Reporting by Doina Chiacu ; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe )
REUTERS/Suhaib Salem SEARCH 'DISPLACED REFUGE ' FOR THIS STORY . SEARCH 'WIDER IMAGE ' FOR ALL STORIES . TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY
Displaced Iraqi Hanyeih Ibraheem , 45 , poses for a photograph in a tent with their family at Hammam al-Alil camp south of Mosul , Iraq , March 29 , 2017 . Ibraheem , who lost their husband in the Iran-Iraq war in the 80 's , says they and their family arrived two weeks ago . They left West Mosul at daybreak and reached the camp after 48 hours . Them sons have left the tent to try and look for work . REUTERS/Suhaib Salem SEARCH 'DISPLACED REFUGE ' FOR THIS STORY . SEARCH 'WIDER IMAGE ' FOR ALL STORIES . TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY
REUTERS/Suhaib Salem SEARCH 'DISPLACED REFUGE ' FOR THIS STORY . SEARCH 'WIDER IMAGE ' FOR ALL STORIES .
Displaced Iraqi Orouba Abdelhamid , 31 , poses for a photograph with their children at Hammam al-Alil camp south of Mosul , Iraq , April 1 , 2017 . Abdelhamid 's husband , an engineer , got killed in a rocket strike as government forces arrived to expel Islamic State from their home city Mosul . 'No one is left for me over there so I came here ... I can not return to the house , ' they said . REUTERS/Suhaib Salem SEARCH 'DISPLACED REFUGE ' FOR THIS STORY . SEARCH 'WIDER IMAGE ' FOR ALL STORIES .
REUTERS/Suhaib Salem SEARCH 'DISPLACED REFUGE ' FOR THIS STORY . SEARCH 'WIDER IMAGE ' FOR ALL STORIES .
Displaced Iraqi Gorha Mahmoud ( L ) , 40 , poses for a photograph with family at Hammam al-Alil camp south of Mosul , Iraq , March 29 , 2017 . Gorha said they see no future for their family even after the defeat of Islamic State . Them two children , being over six years old , attend morning classes in the camp 's school just 200 meters away . It took the family 48 hours to reach the camp but they had to wait another 24 hours at the entrance gate , in the rain and the cold , before being authorised inside and given a tent . They have been in the camp for over a month . REUTERS/Suhaib Salem SEARCH 'DISPLACED REFUGE ' FOR THIS STORY . SEARCH 'WIDER IMAGE ' FOR ALL STORIES .
REUTERS/Suhaib Salem SEARCH 'DISPLACED REFUGE ' FOR THIS STORY . SEARCH 'WIDER IMAGE ' FOR ALL STORIES .
Displaced Iraqi Doha Ahmed , 29 , poses for a photograph with their four children at Hammam al-Alil camp south of Mosul , Iraq , March 29 , 2017 . Ahmed 's husband , a construction worker , is away looking for food . Ahmed said they have to search every morning milk and baby food for their children , aged between one and nine . They said the family and about 1,000 people from the same neighbourhood in Western Mosul flew together under mortar shelling just before sunrise . They walked until they reached checkpoints manned by the Iraqi army . From there , army trucks took them to the camp . REUTERS/Suhaib Salem SEARCH 'DISPLACED REFUGE ' FOR THIS STORY . SEARCH 'WIDER IMAGE ' FOR ALL STORIES .
REUTERS/Suhaib Salem SEARCH 'DISPLACED REFUGE ' FOR THIS STORY . SEARCH 'WIDER IMAGE ' FOR ALL STORIES .
Displaced Iraqi Abed Ramadan ( R ) , 37 , poses for a photograph with their family at Hammam al-Alil camp south of Mosul , Iraq , March 29 , 2017 . Ramadan says their family fled while their district was being shelled . REUTERS/Suhaib Salem SEARCH 'DISPLACED REFUGE ' FOR THIS STORY . SEARCH 'WIDER IMAGE ' FOR ALL STORIES .
REUTERS/Suhaib Salem SEARCH 'DISPLACED REFUGE ' FOR THIS STORY . SEARCH 'WIDER IMAGE ' FOR ALL STORIES .
Displaced Iraqi Lafi and their family pose for a photograph in a tent at Hammam al-Alil camp south of Mosul , Iraq , March 29 , 2017 . Thirteen people live in the tent . In Mosul , they all lived under the same roof . In the camp , the adults spend a lot of time looking for food and water , Lafi said . REUTERS/Suhaib Salem SEARCH 'DISPLACED REFUGE ' FOR THIS STORY . SEARCH 'WIDER IMAGE ' FOR ALL STORIES .
REUTERS/Suhaib Salem SEARCH 'DISPLACED REFUGE ' FOR THIS STORY . SEARCH 'WIDER IMAGE ' FOR ALL STORIES .
Displaced Iraqi Radwan Sharif , 35 , poses for a photograph with their family at Hammam al-Alil camp south of Mosul , Iraq , March 29 , 2017 . Sharif , a construction worker , said it took them two days to reach the camp with their family from their home in Mosul . It was raining heavily and their wife was scared , they said . Two of their children go to school in the camp . REUTERS/Suhaib Salem SEARCH 'DISPLACED REFUGE ' FOR THIS STORY . SEARCH 'WIDER IMAGE ' FOR ALL STORIES .
REUTERS/Suhaib Salem SEARCH 'DISPLACED REFUGE ' FOR THIS STORY . SEARCH 'WIDER IMAGE ' FOR ALL STORIES .
Displaced Iraqi Aziz Azawi , 50 , poses for a photograph outside their tent at Hammam al-Alil camp south of Mosul , Iraq , March 29 , 2017 . Azawi and their son are unable to move unassisted , which made the escape even more difficult . They said a neighbour carried their son . In the camp , their wife cares for both of them . They are receiving food and medicine . They have been in the camp for about a month . REUTERS/Suhaib Salem SEARCH 'DISPLACED REFUGE ' FOR THIS STORY . SEARCH 'WIDER IMAGE ' FOR ALL STORIES .
REUTERS/Suhaib Salem SEARCH 'DISPLACED REFUGE ' FOR THIS STORY . SEARCH 'WIDER IMAGE ' FOR ALL STORIES .
Displaced Iraqi Ahmed Yassin , 30 , poses for a photograph with their daughter Malk , 2 , at Hammam al-Alil camp south of Mosul , Iraq , March 29 , 2017 . Yassin , a taxi driver from East Mosul , said they are trying to keep their young child busy to forget the war . There is little to do but they take them for tours around the camp to get them out of the tent where they live with their wife , whom they married three years ago . The family got split when they escaped Mosul ; they were arrested for security checks for two days . Their wife and child arrived first in the camp , they joined them later . They have been in the camp for a month . REUTERS/Suhaib Salem SEARCH 'DISPLACED REFUGE ' FOR THIS STORY . SEARCH 'WIDER IMAGE ' FOR ALL STORIES .
REUTERS/Suhaib Salem SEARCH 'DISPLACED REFUGE ' FOR THIS STORY . SEARCH 'WIDER IMAGE ' FOR ALL STORIES .
Displaced Iraqi Meshal Hadi ( C ) , 65 , poses for a photograph with their family inside their tent at Hammam al-Alil camp south of Mosul , Iraq , April 1 , 2017 . Hadi , a well-off business person in their former life , said the family had to flee because of the shelling and the lack of water and electricity . They have no idea if their Mosul house is still standing ; they lost contact with friends and neighbours . During the day , women keep the tent clean while men look for food . The family wants to go back home as soon as possible . REUTERS/Suhaib Salem SEARCH 'DISPLACED REFUGE ' FOR THIS STORY . SEARCH 'WIDER IMAGE ' FOR ALL STORIES .
REUTERS/Suhaib Salem SEARCH 'DISPLACED REFUGE ' FOR THIS STORY . SEARCH 'WIDER IMAGE ' FOR ALL STORIES .
Displaced Iraqi Meshal Hadi ( C ) , 65 , poses for a photograph with their family inside their tent at Hammam al-Alil camp south of Mosul , Iraq , April 1 , 2017 . Hadi , a well-off business person in their former life , said the family had to flee because of the shelling and the lack of water and electricity . They have no idea if their Mosul house is still standing ; they lost contact with friends and neighbours . During the day , women keep the tent clean while men look for food . The family wants to go back home as soon as possible . REUTERS/Suhaib Salem SEARCH 'DISPLACED REFUGE ' FOR THIS STORY . SEARCH 'WIDER IMAGE ' FOR ALL STORIES .
REUTERS/Suhaib Salem SEARCH 'DISPLACED REFUGE ' FOR THIS STORY . SEARCH 'WIDER IMAGE ' FOR ALL STORIES .
Displaced Iraqi Abdullah Mustafa , 38 , poses for a photograph with their family at Hammam al-Alil camp south of Mosul , Iraq , March 29 , 2017 . Mustafa , a construction worker , says the family house was shelled in a mortar attack while they were inside but fortunately no one was hurt . Two days later , they fled their home . REUTERS/Suhaib Salem SEARCH 'DISPLACED REFUGE ' FOR THIS STORY . SEARCH 'WIDER IMAGE ' FOR ALL STORIES .
REUTERS/Suhaib Salem SEARCH 'DISPLACED REFUGE ' FOR THIS STORY . SEARCH 'WIDER IMAGE ' FOR ALL STORIES .
Displaced Iraqi woman Farah Taha , 60 , poses for a photograph with their three sons , their daughter-in-law , their six-month-old grandchild as well as the brother and sister of their daughter-in-law , in the family tent in Hammam al-Alil camp south of Mosul , Iraq March 29 , 2017 . Taha says they have been unable to find any work to support their family since fleeing their Mosul home . REUTERS/Suhaib Salem SEARCH 'DISPLACED REFUGE ' FOR THIS STORY . SEARCH 'WIDER IMAGE ' FOR ALL STORIES .
HAMMAM AL-ALIL CAMP , Iraq The husband of Orouba Abdelhamid was killed in a rocket strike when Iraqi government forces arrived in their home city Mosul as part of the military campaign to expel Islamic State fighters .
The 31-year-old Orouba was then trapped at home for days as their district in western Mosul turned into a battle zone between the government and the militants defending their last stronghold
in Iraq . They eventually managed to flee with their three children .
`` No one is left for me over there so I came here ... I can not return to the house , '' they told Reuters , sitting in the tent they share with their brother 's family in the Hammam al-Alil camp , which is home to some 30,000 displaced people .
Orouba was eventually reunited with their brother in the camp after the two had had little contact since Islamic State overran Mosul in June 2014 and banned mobile phones under their extreme version of Sunni Islam .
For a photo essay , click here : reut.rs/2nXPUBo
Those who have fled Iraq 's second largest city describe a gruelling journey , where in some instances entire neighbourhoods have left together , often at daybreak , sometimes under mortar shelling or air strikes .
Fathers covered their children 's eyes , neighbours helped carry the disabled , and men were often separated from their wives to be questioned by the Iraqi army manning the checkpoints around the city .
Like many others , Gorha Mahmoud said they and their family walked for 48 hours in the rain and cold before reaching Hammam al-Alil . They had to wait a further 24 hours at the entrance gate as there was no tent for them at first .
In the camp , a semblance of normality has returned for the families . Children over six attend morning classes , women carry out domestic chores while men look for work and food .
`` Here life is normal . The aid is plentiful and the people are nice , '' Orouba said .
The United Nations refugee agency said in March it had opened two new camps to host those fleeing the fighting in Mosul , adding 40,000 places to its existing facilities .
More than 302,000 people have left Mosul since the military campaign began in October , according to the International Organization for Migration . Around 30,000 people were displaced
last week alone .
Even worse , some 400,000 people are still trapped in western
Mosul while the battles rage .
Mahmoud Abu Mohamed , who lives in a tent around the corner from Orouba after also fleeing from Mosul with their family , said the government needed to restore water in the city and remove dangerous debris from the fighting before people would return .
`` If the water returns , everyone will go back , '' they said .
( Reporting By Ulf Laessing and Suhaib Salem ; Writing by Ulf Laessing ; Editing by Marine Hass and Andrew Bolton )
DUBAI , April 12 Kuwait 's Alimtiaz Investment Group has raised $ 120 million from the sale of a 10 percent stake in education provider HumanSoft Holding which it plans to reinvest , Chief Executive Nawaf Marefi told Reuters .
It plans to use the money to invest in sectors including education , healthcare and real estate , they said .
Citigroup and EFG Hermes acted as joint bookrunners on the deal , which cut the sharia-compliant investment company 's stake in HumanSoft to 10 percent , the parties said in a joint statement .
The buyers were institutional investors including regional sovereign wealth funds and other funds .
HumanSoft establishes and manages private universities and colleges in Kuwait and internationally .
( Reporting by Tom Arnold ; editing by Jason Neely )
Communities across the country held vigils to honor the 10 people killed Friday at Santa Fe High School in Texas .
Thirteen others were hurt . Police said the shooter was a student at the school . They have been arrested and charged with capital murder .
On Saturday night , people in Las Vegas gathered to remember the lives lost . Around 20 people came to the federal courthouse in downtown Las Vegas . They said they are not discouraged by the turnout .
“ Rain or shine , we 're going to be here , ” UNLV student Kimberly Estrada said .
“ This issue keeps happening and happening again , ” student Karl Catarata said . “ And America is getting really numb to it . ”
“ It was n't surprising , ” Estrada said . “ It was kind of this feeling of ‘ When are we going to be next ? ' ”
“ We say every single time one of these happens , ‘ My heart breaks , This is never going to happen again . ' ” Sierra Vista High School principal John Anzalone said . “ Then you wake up in the morning and it happens . ”
[ RELATED : Texas school shooting kills 10 , deadliest since Parkland ]
They said on Friday morning after news broke of the shooting in Texas , students and teachers poured into their office and asked a lot of questions .
“ Immediately , I start walking around my school , pulling doors shut , checking everything , just like a dad would do at their own house , ” they said .
Just three months after Parkland and on the heels of one of the largest students protests in the country , some students are left feeling frustrated , disheartened and unsafe .
“ I think their hearts sink because they know how quickly it could have been them , ” Anzalone said . “ I think we 're one student away from it happening here . And if we do n't take huge action now , we could easily be the next Santa Fe , the next Columbine .
But this group will not give up until they see change .
“ Do n't give up hope , ” Anzalone said . “ We 're going to fix this somehow . It 's not an easy answer . ”
“ It is about having fight , ” Estrada said . “ And we fight through voting . ”
Those at the rally are also getting ready for National Gun Violence Awareness Day on June 2 .
They said they are not trying to take away guns ; rather , make sure guns do n't fall into the wrong hands .
Copyright 2018 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved .
It 's been more than two weeks since police killed another unarmed Black father in Barstow , California after Stephon Clark ‘ s fatal shooting . The families of both Diante Yarber and Clark are still left wondering when justice will come for these young fathers .
RELATED : Diante Yarber : Here 's Everything We Know About Unarmed Father Killed By Police
Excessive force and talk of misconduct concerning officers have been cited in both deadly shootings , with an attorney revealing a cop 's racist past in Yarber 's case .
One of the officers who killed Yarber , who was struck by 10 bullets out of some 30 revealed by witnesses and according to a medical report , was convicted of a hate crime in 2010 , S. Lee Merritt , a civil rights attorney hired by Yarber 's family , said . Cops also used racist slurs to refer to Yarber , a father of three , during the April 5 shooting at a Walmart store , Merritt added .
You ca n't make this up . I am told that the police officer who shot and killed Diante `` Butchie '' Yarber , an unarmed black man , in the parking lot of the @ Walmart in Barstow , CA was previously arrested for a hate crime against a Black couple , plead guilty , and fired for it . — Shaun King ( @ ShaunKing ) April 23 , 2018
One of the officers said “ [ Expletive ] We 're gon na kill you ” to Yarber , witnesses told Merritt .
Cops responded to a call about a “ suspicious ” vehicle that Yarber was driving at Walmart and claimed the young man hit a police car during the encounter , ABC reported . Witnesses and Merritt have repeatedly said that Yarber posed no threat , saying they were only slowly backing out of a parking lot spot when officers fired their guns . Yarber 's fatal shooting , like that of Clark , was also seen as unjustified , witnesses added . They also believe that officers also failed to provide medical aid to Yarber after they 're firing at him .
Yarber 's cause of death was asphyxiation , Merritt said . If medical aid was rendered quickly , then the young man may not have choked on their own blood , witnesses said .
Barstow police have not officially released any of the names of the officers . However , one officer was identified as Jimmie Alfred Walker by sources who spoke with Merritt . Walker was convicted of hate crime for allegedly assaulting a Black couple and using racial slurs during an off-duty altercation in 2010 . They pleaded to a lesser charge , got a settlement and was reinstated to the police force .
The cop had a documented history of hate , but yet they were allowed to patrol the streets again before taking Yarber 's life . This horrible information may never have been known if it was n't for Merritt and other activists calling for justice .
The fight for Yarber 's family must continue as more questions remain about the young man 's shooting , including why police have not released body camera video .
SEE ALSO :
Waffle House Shooter Held On Bond While Countless Black People Are Denied Bail For Nonviolent Crimes
Here 's Why Kanye West Joined The Cult Of Donald Trump
March 28 Kawai Musical Instruments Manufacturing Co Ltd :
* Says co plans merger of musical instruments units with two phases
* Says , as phase one , co 's Shizuoka-based 55 percent owned unit plans to merge with co 's 85.7 percent owned unit Diapason via stock swap , and unit Diapason will be dissolved after transaction
* One share of unit Diapason 's stock will be exchanged with 455.74 shares of co 's Shizuoka-based 55 percent owned unit 's stock , and 546,888 shares of Nippon co 's Shizuoka-based 55 percent owned unit 's stock will be exchanged
* As phase two , the company will merge the surviving unit after phase one merger , and the surviving unit will be dissolved after transaction
* Restructures will be effective on June 1
Source text in Japanese : goo.gl/jmSq2H
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Britain Tennis - Barclays ATP World Tour Finals - O2 Arena , London - 17/11/16 Serbia 's Novak Djokovic in action during their round robin match with Belgium 's David Goffin Action Images via Reuters / Tony O'Brien Livepic
LONDON Novak Djokovic hopes the spark they have been lacking so far this year will return as they pull on their Serbia shirt for this weekend 's Davis Cup quarter-final against Spain in Belgrade .
The former world number one 's appearance in their home city is one of several intriguing plots as the team competition reaches the business end with four hard-to-call ties .
Nick Kyrgios will be leading Australia 's charge when Lleyton Hewitt 's side host the U.S. in a clash of Davis Cup heavyweights , Belgium takes on Italy while Britain , without the injured world number one Andy Murray , are away in France .
Since opening the year by winning the Doha title , world number two Djokovic has managed only six victories , and their ATP Race points total of 475 looks tiny compared with the 4,045 already amassed by a resurgent Roger Federer .
An early defeat by 117th-ranked Denis Istomin at the Australian Open was followed by two defeats by Kyrgios in Acapulco and Indian Wells . They then withdrew before the start of last week 's Miami Open citing an elbow injury .
That is why all eyes will be on the 12 times grand slam champion on the indoor hardcourt in the Serbian capital .
`` I personally always draw very positive energy from these weeks , '' said Djokovic , whose career went into warp drive after helping Serbia win the 2010 Davis Cup title .
`` These weeks always bring the best out of me . ''
Spain will offer a formidable test even without world number five Rafael Nadal . World number 19 Pablo Carreno Busta has been one of the form players on the ATP Tour this year and will be supported by 24th-ranked Albert Ramos-Vinolas .
The weekend will kick off in Brisbane where the two most successful nations in Davis Cup history clash for a 47th time .
Australia are seeking a semi-final spot for only the second time in 11 years and much will depend on the form of Kyrgios .
With the U.S. boasting a team of in-form Jack Sock , John Isner , Sam Querrey and Steve Johnson , Hewitt will be banking on two wins from the mercurial Kyrgios as their second singles player is the inexperienced world number 79 Jordan Thompson .
`` We 've got a big tie against the USA . Obviously Jack is playing unbelievable . John ( Isner ) , he 's a proven player . They 've got a great team , '' Kyrgios , who lost a thrilling Miami semi-final against Federer last week , told the Davis Cup website .
Britain faces a tough assignment without Murray on the clay in Rouen where Kyle Edmund and Dan Evans will be trying to fill their sizeable shoes against a host nation missing Jo-Wilfried Tsonga but led by 17th-ranked Lucas Pouille .
Belgium , the only won of the quarter-finalists never to have lifted the trophy stunned Germany in Frankfurt without David Goffin in round one but will have their top player back for the home clash with Italy in Charleroi .
( Reporting by Martyn Herman )
Singer and artist Tony Bennett poses for a portrait before an opening of their art exhibition in the Manhattan borough of New York , U.S. May 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
Singer and artist Tony Bennett speaks to a journalist in front of one their paintings before an opening of their art exhibition in the Manhattan borough of New York , U.S. May 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
Singer and artist Tony Bennett poses for a portrait before an opening of their art exhibition in the Manhattan borough of New York , U.S. May 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
Singer and artist Tony Bennett poses for a portrait before an opening of their art exhibition in the Manhattan borough of New York , U.S. May 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
Singer and artist Tony Bennett poses for a portrait before an opening of their art exhibition in the Manhattan borough of New York , U.S. May 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
Singer and artist Tony Bennett poses for a portrait before an opening of their art exhibition in the Manhattan borough of New York , U.S. May 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
Singer and artist Tony Bennett poses for a portrait before an opening of their art exhibition in the Manhattan borough of New York , U.S. May 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
Singer and artist Tony Bennett looks at one their paintings before an opening of their art exhibition in the Manhattan borough of New York , U.S. May 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
Singer and artist Tony Bennett poses for a portrait before an opening of their art exhibition in the Manhattan borough of New York , U.S. May 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
Singer and artist Tony Bennett poses for a portrait before an opening of their art exhibition in the Manhattan borough of New York , U.S. May 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
Singer and artist Tony Bennett looks at one their paintings before an opening of their art exhibition in the Manhattan borough of New York , U.S. May 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
NEW YORK Legendary singer Tony Bennett may have left their heart in San Francisco , but the native New Yorker was in their hometown on Wednesday celebrating their long , prolific career as a singer and a painter .
Bennett , known for their traditional pop standards , big band , show tunes and jazz music , was thrilled with a collection of 40 of their paintings and screenings of their performances in a new exhibit titled `` Tony Bennett : Celebrating 90 Years of Artistry . ''
`` I 've always done the two things that I love to do , which is sung and paint , and it 's wonderful being honored about it , '' Bennett , who turned 90 in August , said in an interview at The Paley Center for Media .
`` I ca n't believe that they put them up so well and put nice frames on them all , very happy about it , '' said the crooner whose signature 1962 song , `` I Left My Heart in San Francisco , '' has become an anthem for the California city .
Paintings by Bennett , mainly in oils and watercolors , at the exhibit include a self-portrait , taxi cabs in the rain , Central Park , jazz trumpeter Miles Davis and San Francisco 's Golden Gate Bridge .
Bennett , who has racked up multiple Grammy awards in their musical career of more than 60 years , autographs their all of their paintings with `` BENEDETTO , '' their official last name .
The free exhibition is open from May 4 to June 18 .
( Reporting by Roselle Chen in New York ; Writing by Melissa Fares ; Editing by Richard Chang )
FILE PHOTO : A logo is pictured during the 50th Montreux Jazz Festival in Montreux , Switzerland , June 30 , 2016 . REUTERS/Denis Balibouse/File Photo
MEZIERES , Switzerland Usher , Lauryn Hill , Macy Gray and Erykah Badu are booked to perform at the Montreux Jazz Festival during its 51st edition , organizers said on Thursday .
The eclectic lineup for the June 30-July 15 events includes Ibrahim Maalouf , Beth Ditto of indie rock band Gossip , Phoenix , as well the `` Two Brians '' double billing of Brian Ferry of Roxy Music and Brian Wilson of the Beach Boys .
Tickets for one of Europe 's most prestigious music festivals go on sale on Friday .
Trombone Shorty & the Orleans Avenue open for headliner Usher & The Roots on July 5 , with top-end tickets at 295 Swiss francs ( $ 296.01 ) .
`` The big night with Usher , you know him , he 's coming with The Roots , very funky . We really wanted to see Trombone Shorty again who dazzled us in 2012 . It shows the spectrum of R & B and soul . The night might end with big jam , you never know , '' Mathieu Jaton , festival director , told a news conference held in the Theatre de Jorat in the village of Mezieres above Lausanne .
Nicolas Jaar , a 27-year-old American composer with Chilean-Palestinian-French heritage , opens the festival on the main stage of the Stravinski Auditorium .
`` An alchemist of the electronic , a real composer who takes us into curious universes ... We paired them with Max Richter , rather classical but a real digital artist who has worked with Woodkid , '' Jaton said .
Lauryn Hill , who rose to fame with the Fugees in the 1990s , is returning to Montreux for the first time since 2005 and their performance on July 6 is expected to include hits by Nina Simone .
`` She is coming for a one-off , a unique concert . Apparently they have not announced any other concerts in Europe this summer , '' Jaton said .
Herbie Hancock returns to Montreux for a record 38th time , while the `` unclassifiable '' Grace Jones promises an `` atypical show , '' they said . Badu , celebrating 20 years since their debut album Baduizm , will follow Solange .
Simone , Miles Davis , Aretha Franklin , Prince and Deep Purple have given legendary concerts at Montreux , which former co-director Quincy Jones called the `` Rolls-Royce '' of festivals .
This year 's budget is 28 million Swiss francs ( $ 28.10 million ) . Free events along Lake Geneva will be announced on June 1 .
`` The program is dense and intense , full of beautiful things , '' Jaton said .
( Reporting by Stephanie Nebehay ; Editing by Toby Davis )
March 28 Agile Group Holdings Ltd
* Company , as a guarantor , entered into second commitment letter in favour of bank
* Company agreed to provide guarantee in proportion to 25 % shareholding interests in tianjin jinnan owned by Foshan Agile
* Deal for repayment of RMB 3.0 billion
* Reference is made to announcement of company dated 23 November 2016 in relation to first commitment letter Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
( Corrects to add dropped word hit to paragraph three )
By Maximiliano Rizzi
BUENOS AIRES , March 31 Argentina 's biodiesel exports could be devastated if the U.S. government imposed anti-dumping duties on the coutrtry based on a complaint by the U.S. National Biodiesel Board , the heads of two local industry chambers said .
The board last week asked the U.S. government to impose anti-dumping duties on imports of biodiesel from Argentina and Indonesia after two years of tension between U.S. and foreign producers over soaring imports .
`` If a sanction is applied against Argentina in the U.S. market , our exports will no longer be viable . At this point , there is no alternative market , '' Claudio Molina , executive director of the Argentine Biofuels Association said on Friday in an interview .
The United States is Argentina 's No.1 biodiesel export market and U.S. sanctions would hit large exporters such as Cargill , Bunge , Louis Dreyfus and COFCO Agri , part of China 's state-run COFCO Group
Argentine biodiesel exports to its previous No . 1 client , the European Union , were suspended due to complaints and counter claims pending before the World Trade Organization . Peru , another buyer of Argentine biodiesel , has also placed tariffs on Argentine biodiesel based on dumping complaints .
The Argentine market , where biodiesel is mixed with diesel fuel , is not nearly big enough to absorb the excess should export to the United States be blocked . Of the 1.6 million tonnes of biodiesel that Argentina exported in 2016 , 90 percent went to the United States , according to Energy Ministry data .
A hearing will be held in the United States next month to evaluate the U.S. board 's request , Molina said
Argentina taxes biodiesel at a variable rate , at 6 percent this month . But producers pay significantly less for soy oil , the main ingredient of biodiesel , than international competitors because they do not have to pay a 27 percent tax on exports . Local industry representatives say Argentina has an added advantage because its soy fields and crushing plants are located near the country 's ports .
`` We have much more access to raw materials and we are more oriented toward exporting than the United States is , '' said Victor Castro , executive director of the Argentine Biofuels Chamber .
`` The system ( for resolving dumping complaints ) is so bureaucratic and it takes so long that it can leave you out of the market for years without a ruling , '' Castro added .
The WTO ruled last year in favor of several claims by Argentina against anti-dumping duties imposed by the European Union but the adjudication continues and the duties remain . ( Editing by Maximiliano Rizzi ; Writing by Hugh Bronstein ; Editing by Andrew Hay )
Billy Stanlake announced themselves on the international stage before Australia cruised to a seven-wicket victory against New Zealand in a rain-affected opener to the Twenty20 tri-series .
After Stanlake 's electrifying 3-15 helped keep New Zealand to 9-117 at the SCG , Chris Lynn ( 44 ) and Glenn Maxwell ( 40no ) powered Australia to a revised target of 95 with 3.3 overs of the allotted 15 to spare .
Following an hour-long rain delay in the innings break , the pair came to the wicket when David Warner ( 6 ) and D'Arcy Short ( 4 ) fell early but rarely looked troubled until Lynn was caught on the boundary eight runs shy of the target .
Renowned for being two of the best T20 batsmen in the country , Lynn 's 33-ball knock included six fours and one six , while Maxwell also whacked five fours and one six .
But the star of the show was Stanlake , after he 'd earlier ripped through the Black Caps ' top order with wickets with their first two balls and another in the second over of their opening spell .
In just their fourth international match , 23-year-old Stanlake nudged 150km/h throughout their four overs as they dismissed Colin Munro and Tom Bruce when both were on three .
Their inswinging delivery to remove Martin Guptill was their best , beating the Kiwi star all ends up and taking the top of off stump .
Colin de Grandhomme of New Zealand bats during game one of the International Twenty20 series between Australia and New Zealand at Sydney Cricket Ground in Sydney , Australia . Source : Getty
`` That is the most nervous that I have felt in quite a while , '' Stanlake told the Nine Network .
`` The first over seemed to settle me down a bit so that was nice . ''
Such was the early dominance of Stanlake and fellow opening quick Kane Richardson ( 0-28 ) , they sent down 18 dot balls in the first four overs and held New Zealand to 3-29 in the six-over powerplay .
They also helped to limit Black Caps captain Kane Williamson to the slowest innings of their 47-match international T20 career , before Andrew Tye had them caught off a leading edge at cover for eight off 20 balls .
Tye finished with 4-23 , as they returned to clean up the tail and kept world No.2-ranked New Zealand to less than a run a ball in an innings for the first time since 2012 .
Senate may keep some Obamacare taxes in U.S. healthcare overhaul
Washington , June 15 Republican senators trying to repeal Obamacare are forming consensus to keep some of the U.S. healthcare law 's taxes they long criticized , in hopes of delaying more drastic funding cuts , particularly to the Medicaid program for the poor and disabled .
Restaurant chain , Nando 's , is giving away free chicken to A-level students across the UK this week .
“ On August 17 anyone picks up their A-Level ( or equivalent ) results will be able to grab themselves a free quarter chicken or Firestarter * on that day , ” a Nando 's spokesperson confirmed .
Nando 's
“ Just bring your results papers , ID and spend a minimum of seven pounds in any restaurant across the UK ( excluding Scotland ) and you will be eligible .
“ Do n't worry Nando 's do n't need to see your grades , unless you want to brag about them ! ”
The deal does not include Wing Roulette or All Together Now and the offer is open to students who are legal residents of the UK with the exception of Scotland .
The offer runs until 17th August 2017 and can only be redeemed once .
For more information and the terms and conditions visit the Nandos website .
May 2 Archer Daniels Midland Co
* CEO Juan Luciano says expects U.S. ethanol exports to remain strong in Q2 , led by good Brazilian demand
* ADM CEO Luciano sees U.S. domestic ethanol demand at about 14.5 billion gallons in 2017 , exports at 1.1-1.3 billion
* ADM CEO Luciano says will continue to analyze global trade office costs and redundancies , but most restructuring is done Further company coverage : ( Reporting by Karl Plume )
April 13 American States Water Co :
* American states water company announces agreement to resolve litigation and eminent domain action of its ojai water system
* American States Water- under terms of settlement agreement , Casitas will acquire operating assets of GSWC 's Ojai Water System by eminent domain for about $ 34.5 million Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
NRG Energy 's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON , Del. , June 14 NRG Energy Inc 's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $ 1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business , according to a securities filing .
March 29 ASF Group Ltd
* ASF Group Ltd and London Borough of Barking & Dagenham will be working jointly together in assessing and developing a infrastructure project in Castle Green area
* Gross development value of project will be approximately A $ 9 billion
* Project will create an estimated 8,000 employment opportunities Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
( Adds quotes , details )
BEIJING , Aug 12 ( Reuters ) - The North Korean nuclear issue needs a peaceful resolution , Chinese President Xi Jinping told U.S. President Donald Trump in a telephone call on Saturday , and called on the `` relevant side '' to exercise restraint , state television said .
Trump issued a new threat to North Korea on Friday , saying the U.S. military was `` locked and loaded '' , as Pyongyang accused them of driving the Korean peninsula to the brink of nuclear war and world powers expressed alarm .
Xi told Trump that it was in the joint interests of both China and the United States to achieve the denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula and protect peace and stability there , state television said in a brief report .
`` The relevant side must at present exercise restraint , and avoid words and actions that exacerbate tensions on the Korean peninsula , '' the report paraphrased Xi as saying .
Resolving the nuclear issue ultimately needs to be done politically via talks , and China is willing to maintain communication with the United States on the basis of mutual respect to push for an appropriate resolution , Xi added .
Chinese state television cited Trump as telling Xi that they fully understand the role China has been playing on the North Korean nuclear issue . ( Reporting by Ben Blanchard ; Editing by Clarence Fernandez )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
BRIEF-World Acceptance files for non-timely 10-K
* World Acceptance Corp says has voluntarily contacted the U.S. Sec and the U.S. DOJ to advise both agencies that internal investigation underway
April 28 Kbr Inc
* Kbr statement on SFO investigation
* Kbr is conducting its own internal investigation as well as cooperating with DOJ , SEC , and SFO in their investigations Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
March 30 Select Medical Holdings Corp
* Select Medical and Riverside Health enter joint venture to build and operate specialty hospitals serving the coastal Virginia region
* Select Medical Holdings Corp - under deal , Riverside Health remains majority owner of 50-bed Riverside Rehabilitation Institute
* Select Medical Holdings Corp - agreement also includes future construction of a new freestanding inpatient rehabilitation hospital in region
* Select Medical Holdings Corp - Select Medical will be majority owner of 25-bed long-term acute care Hampton roads specialty hospital Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
A second hospital is now investigating the nurse who police allege is linked to the deaths of at least eight babies .
Lucy Letby was arrested on Tuesday on suspicion of murdering the babies and attempting to kill another six infants . A further three baby deaths were being investigated .
The 28-year-old was a celebrated member of the neonatal unit at the Countess of Chester Hospital where a large number of suspicious deaths of infants occurred .
Police activity at the house of Lucy Letby in Chester , England . Photo / AP
Letby 's arrest stunned colleagues because they are regarded as a `` champion for children '' they care for — and helped a massive fundraising campaign to build a new $ 5 million baby unit at the hospital and has repeatedly spoken about their devotion to their profession since they graduated in 2011 .
Advertisement
It emerged last night a second hospital was helping police with their inquiries . Ms Letby worked at Liverpool Women 's Hospital during their training — and health bosses there are now `` co-operating with police '' as part of their murder investigation .
A spokesperson said there was `` currently '' no suggestion any patient had come to harm during Letby 's placement .
A conviction for eight murders would make Letby Britain 's worst child killer . They are yet to be charged with any offences .
Officers were searching the three-bedroom unit Letby lives in Chester , in northwest England , 2.5km from the Countess of Chester Hospital .
A forensic tent has been set up at the flat , and at the home of their parents .
Neighbours of Letby told media they were in disbelief someone who was so `` dedicated to their job '' could be accused of anything like what had been suggested .
One local told the Chester Chronicle they had known them since they were just three years ' old and `` she was lovely , they always have been '' .
Another said they had only just returned home after holidaying at Devon with their parents .
Letby has been arrested over the deaths of eight babies in a case that has shocked Britain . Photo / via Facebook
Others said they kept to themselves and did n't know too many people in the area .
Letby — who has two cats and is registered as living alone at their home — has `` liked '' UK TV hospital show One Born Every Minute on Facebook .
They are a member of 14 groups relating to helping sick children , including : `` Save special care baby units . They need us . One day u might need them . ''
Several mothers wrote online of their horror that their children were cared for by Letby .
One said their daughter was cared for by their `` everyday for seven weeks '' .
Another recognised them instantly as a nurse who was involved in the care of two of their grandchildren
In an interview with a local newspaper , Letby told why they loved nursing .
`` I qualified as a Children 's Nurse from The University of Chester in 2011 and have been working on the unit since graduating , '' they said .
`` I also worked on the unit as a student nurse during my three years of training . My role involves caring for a wide range of babies requiring various levels of support .
`` Some are here for a few days , others for many months and I enjoy seeing them progress and supporting their families . ''
Detectives were called to the hospital when a report revealed an alarmingly high number of deaths at the neonatal unit .
Letby 's arrest has shocked their colleagues . Photo / Supplied
Staff had noticed a `` sudden mottling '' on the arms , legs and chests of premature or poorly babies who unexpectedly deteriorated and had to be revived , and noted similar things happening with cases of babies who died .
Police have been working on the case for over a year .
In an announcement in the local paper when they graduated in 2011 with an Honours in child nursing , their parents said : `` We are so proud of you after all your hard work . Love Mum and Dad . ''
Detective Inspector Paul Hughes of Cheshire Police said : `` Since the start of our inquiries and , as the information gathering process has continued , the scope of the investigation has now widened .
`` We are now currently investigating the deaths of 17 babies and 15 non-fatal collapses between the period of March 2015 and July 2016 .
`` Parents of all the babies are continuing to be kept fully updated and are being supported throughout the process by specially trained officers . ''
Jose Ribamar from Brazil 's indigenous Gamela tribe is pictured next to their daughter at a hospital after they were injured in a dispute over land in northern Brazil , in Sao Luis , Maranhao state , Brazil , May 2 , 2017 . REUTERS /Lunae Parracho
Jose Ribamar from Brazil 's indigenous Gamela tribe is pictured at a hospital after they were injured in a dispute over land in northern Brazil , in Sao Luis , Maranhao state , Brazil , May 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Lunae Parracho
Jose Ribamar from Brazil 's indigenous Gamela tribe is pictured next to their daughter at a hospital after they were injured in a dispute over land in northern Brazil , in Sao Luis , Maranhao state , Brazil , May 2 , 2017 . REUTERS/Lunae Parracho
São Paulo More than a dozen members of an indigenous tribe were injured in a dispute over land in northern Brazil , including at least one whose hands were hacked off , according to reports from indigenous rights groups on Monday .
The Indigenous Missionary Council ( Cimi ) said members of the Gamela tribe were leaving land recently reclaimed from cattle ranchers in Maranhao state when they were attacked on Sunday afternoon by dozens of men armed with guns , knives and clubs . No deaths were reported .
Three remained hospitalized in the state capital , Sao Luis , with severe bullet wounds from the violence , according to Cimi and the Pastoral Land Commission . Both groups were founded in the 1970s in connection with the National Conference of Brazilian Bishops .
Brazilian Justice Minister Osmar Serraglio sent federal police to prevent further conflicts and aid state authorities in investigating the incident , involving farmers and `` supposed indigenous people '' in Maranhao , according to a ministry release .
A representative for the state security office declined to comment on the matter . Police officials did not immediately respond to requests for comment on the May Day holiday .
( Reporting by Brad Haynes ; Additional reporting by Lunae Parracho in Porto Alegre ; Editing by Steve Orlofsky )
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Prime Minister Theresa May has told BirminghamLive that the quickest way to end child poverty in the city is to get more people into work .
They were talking as they visited Aston to launch a new initiative to tackle youth unemployment - particularly among the UK 's black and minority ethnic population .
Mrs May was given a tour of the Street League project which uses sport to help youngsters develop job skills .
It is based at the People Plus centre and Power League grounds in Aston - both near the boundary between the Ladywood and Hodge Hill constituencies which have some of the highest child poverty rates in the country .
In Ladywood 53 per cent and in Hodge Hill 51 per cent of children live in poverty and they placed second and fourth on the national list . While Hall Green is sixth with 48 per cent .
The charities who are part of the End Child Poverty coalition have blamed rising prices coupled with austerity and benefit cuts for plunging more households into poverty .
( Image : Birmingham Mail )
But Mrs May insists that their Government is helping when questioned about the issue by BirminghamLive .
She : `` I recognise that some people do feel under pressure , that 's why our Government 's made a number of moves to help people with the cost of living .
`` We 're introducing the legislation on the energy price cap , we 're freezing fuel duty , as well . And of course in a few weeks when the national living wage goes up again and the personal allowance is raised then people will see they have some more money in their pockets at the end of the month .
`` But we know if we look at the issue of child poverty then one of the key things is to ensure that households have work .
`` If children are in a workless household they are much more likely to be in poverty . Helping people into employment is a key element of helping to deal with the issue of child poverty .
`` Important initiatives , like the one we are taking today , to reduce the barriers that people find getting into employment is important . ''
( Image : Birmingham Mail )
The Government has unveiled a £90 million fund to help young people , particularly those from deprived and BAME backgrounds find jobs .
Ms May also praised West Midlands Mayor Andy Street who pledged to end unemployment among 18-24-year-olds by 2020 .
And Ms May denied that the wider introduction of Universal Credit benefits in April will add to the problems of child poverty in the region .
`` The reason we introduced Universal Credit is that it is a simpler benefit than the previous system and one which does actively help to keep people into work and make sure that work pays . ''
They said that they have learned from Universal Credit pilot schemes where there a number of problems - particularly hold ups in payments as people moved from the old benefit system to the new one .
`` We 've listened to people as we 've rolled out the programme and we 've made a number of changes to the way in which Universal Credit is done . `` So that if people are getting into difficulties are now able to get 100 per cent advance and pay that back over 12 months to help . It 's about helping people get into work and making sure work pays . ''
Lao champs dash Boeung Ket 's hopes
Success on the 2016 domestic front ended in disappointment on New Year 's Eve as Metfone C-League champions Boeung Ket Angkor were beaten 3-0 by Lao side Lanexang United in the Toyota Mekong Club Championship semifinal at the Olympic Stadium on Saturday .
The victory earned Lanexang a double-leg showdown against Thai giants Buriram United as the Vientiane outfit became the first team from Laos to make the final of the prestigious regional tournament .
The first leg of the final will be held on Wednesday in the Lao capital Vientiane , with the decisive game to be played in Bangkok four days later .
Two first-half strikes from skipper Soukaphone Vongchiengkham and Phoutthasay Khochalern were complemented by Keoviengpheth Lithideth 's finish late in the second half .
May 2 Macarthur Minerals Ltd :
* Macarthur Minerals enters mou to acquire lithium projects in the pilbara with li2o grades up to 3.72 pct associated with spodumene/lithium pegmatites at Marble Bar
* Macarthur Minerals-agreement to acquire Marble Bar Lithium Project , Pippingarra Lithium Tantalite project through 50:50 JV with Southern Hemisphere Mining Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
A bartender serves Kimbo espresso coffees at the Eataly motorway restaurant on highway in Modena , Central Italy , May 30 , 2016 . REUTERS/Stefano Rellandini
ROME , Italy 's service sector grew more slowly in March than in February , when it expanded at its fastest pace in more than a year , a survey showed on Wednesday .
The Markit/ADACI Business Activity Index for services companies fell to 52.9 from 54.1 the month before , staying above the 50 mark that separates growth from contraction . In February , the index registered its highest reading since December 2015 .
The index was below the median forecast of 54.2 in a Reuters poll of 13 analysts .
The sub-index for new work at businesses ranging from insurers to hairdressers declined to 54.3 from 55.2 in February .
But Markit 's sister survey for manufacturing , released on Monday , rose at its fastest rate in six years in March .
The composite PMI for services and manufacturing edged down to 54.2 from 54.8 .
Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni 's government is forecasting economic growth of 1.0 percent in 2017 , slightly above last year 's rate of 0.9 percent .
Detailed PMI data are only available under licence from Markit and customers need to apply to Markit for a licence .
( Reporting by Steve Scherer , editing by Larry King )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Chevron Corp :
* CHEVRON - ‍​ON JAN 31 , BOARD APPROVED CEO COMPENSATION PACKAGE FOR MICHAEL WIRTH , WHICH INCLUDES ANNUAL SALARY OF $ 1.5 MILLION EFFECTIVE FEB 1 - SEC FILING
* CHEVRON - ‍ON JAN 31 , BOARD RATIFIED INCREASE IN ANNUAL BASE SALARY FOR PATRICIA YARRINGTON , CFO​ TO $ 1.1 MILLION ‍​ Source text - bit.ly/2DZxLP2 Further company coverage :
There 's no disputing that iPhones are one of the best smartphones available on the market .
The iPhone powers incredible levels of technology but all this comes at a price to the battery life .
The battery on iPhones has always been a source of frustration for owners but this seems to have got worse for those who have downloaded the latest operating system .
Researchers who have downloaded the iOS 11 have found that it drains the battery more than twice as quickly as the iOS10 did .
Mobile security company Wandera analysed the battery decay of 50,000 iPhones and iPads that were used moderately to heavily and compared the average battery drain over three days to estimate the average .
Wandera have claimed that a phone with 100 per cent battery using iOS10 will last for 240 minutes while those on the latest system will last just 96 minutes .
The company said that some users have got so frustrated by the battery life issues that they have switched back to iOS 10.3.3 but the company has advised strongly against this .
A Wandera spokesperson said : “ The more up to date your software , the more protected you are from hackers attempting to exploit your device and infiltrate your personal and corporate data . ”
The company also said that users running the new system on older iPhone devices will experience worse battery drain than on newer models so not all users will be feeling the same frustration .
Apple have released two updates since the iOS11 came out and the most recent of these appears to have limited the battery drain .
Under new experiments , iOS11.0.1 had a battery drain time of 159 minutes meaning a 65 per cent improvement compared to iOS11 .
However , the company said it was too early to experiment on the new 11.0.2 operating system .
Matt Vlasach , director of product at Wandera , said : “ It is a simple reality of software : there will always be bugs in new major OS releases , which are constantly pushing the limits of the devices they are running on .
“ This , in turn , burns battery and always causes a new uproar about battery performance .
“ However , it is inevitable that these problems will be addressed and improved as time goes on , until the next major update . ”
How you can save battery
Customers who are still unsatisfied with their battery life can take a number of steps to help it last longer .
The first is limiting the number of apps that can refresh in the background ( Settings > General > Background App Refresh ) and limiting the number of apps that can access your location in the background ( Settings > Privacy > Location Services ) .
If that does n't make much difference , low power mode may be your best option until Apple pushes out new updates that will hopefully address excessive battery drain .
March 30 Legend Holdings Corp-
* Company subscribed for trust scheme issued by China Railway Trust Co. , Ltd. with its internal resources
* Company subscribed for wealth management product issued by China Everbright Bank Co. , Ltd
* Subscription amount of rmb3 billion Source text ( bit.ly/2nPcwpI ) Further company coverage :
ISTANBUL , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Turkey 's passenger car and light commercial vehicle sales rose 3.59 percent to 26,611 vehicles in January from a year earlier , Turkey 's Automotive Distributors Association said on Friday .
Total automobile sales in 2018 is expected to be between 925,000 and 975,000 , it also said . ( Reporting by Ceyda Caglayan ; Writing by Ali Kucukgocmen ; Editing by David Dolan )
BRIEF-Yingli Green Energy Q1 adjusted loss per ADS was RMB10.6
* Yingli Green Energy Holding Co Ltd - ‍pv module shipments in q2 of 2017 is expected to be in range of 950mw to 1,050mw​
Crude oil is indeed a volatile instrument which can show striking movements within short periods of time . While volatile instruments can at times be dangerous , if you are aware of what you are doing and can understand crude oil trading signals , you have a chance to make a lot of money with it .
1 . Crude Oil Lot Size
In crude oil trade , a minimum trade size is typically a 10-barrel contract . But some brokers offer a 1-barrel contract as well . However , this does n't occur very commonly .
A 10-barrel crude oil position would cost $ 500 to open , at a price of $ 50 a barrel , if you have no access to leverage .
Some brokers provide 1:500 leverage on crude , the meaning of which is that just one dollar of your equity is engaged in opening a 10-barrel position .
However , the right crude oil trading strategy is to have extra equity to maintain the position once you open the oil trade since any floating loss should be supported by free ( available ) margin . Right after you 've opened a crude oil trading position , a floating loss will occur at around 5 pips , which is the spread .
1 barrel of oil is 42 gallons ( i.e . around 159 liters ) .
2 . Pip Value
Most trading platforms think of a crude oil pip to be $ 0.01 . The meaning of this is that a $ 1 change in the oil price is equal to 100 pips .
Let 's take an example of a 10-barrel contract . 10 barrels ' x $ 0.01 = $ 0.10 . This is the pip value for trading accounts shown in US dollar .
This pip value remains always the same since crude oil and US dollar are paired up and the dollar is the ‘ quote currency ' in the ‘ pair ' .
3 . Calculation of Profit and Loss
You can understand calculating profits made on crude oil trading signals from a simple example . The fastest way to calculate your profit is multiplying the number of barrels you purchased by the difference between the price at which you entered and your take profit .
Thus , if you purchased 140 crude oil barrels at $ 50 and your take profit is $ 53.75 ,
$ 53.75 – $ 50.00 = a profit of $ 3.75 . Multiply this by 140 barrels and your profit is $ 525 .
4 . Instruments Interrelated to Crude Oil
The prices of oil considerably affect the currencies of certain countries that largely depend on oil production and exports . A good example of this is Canada which exports most of its petroleum to the US . So , the Canadian dollar is normally highly correlated to the traded oil price . An abrupt rise or fall in the oil price can be easily seen in the USD/CAD exchange rate and also in rates of other pairs with Canadian dollars .
You should remember these basic crude oil trading tips so that you can succeed in the trade .
It 's the part of Portland history we are not proud of , but it 's still a big part of our history . Today 's the day in 1948 that rains flooded an entire town , killing 15 . The town—Vanport—was never rebuilt . We thought we 'd take a look back with former KXL Reporter Dave Paul .
April 28 Workday Inc-
* CEO Aneel Bhusri 's FY 2017 total compensation was $ 2.2 million versus $ 9.3 million in fy 2016 - sec filing Source text : ( bit.ly/2pu83JW ) Further company coverage :
Kapalua 's rustic Italian Restaurant , Taverna , presented a check in early February in the amount of $ 3,100 for programs benefiting Maui youth .
The funds were raised through the Nabavi Legacy Fund dining program where proceeds from a featured dish are collected and donated quarterly to the program by a participating restaurant .
The current beneficiaries list includes Grow Some Good , Imua Family Services , Book Trust , Maui Academy of Performing Art , Maui Food Innovation Center and Americans Heart Association ( Kids Cook with Heart ) .
Most partnered restaurants featured one dish , however , Taverna featured two —the Spaghetti Carbonara and Carnivore Pizza .
“ Taverna is proud to present this check to the Nabavi Legacy Fund supporting six local charities here on Maui . We 're happy to be doing again in 2018 , ” said Chef Roger Stettler , who 's featured dishes are recipes from their grandmother and mother .
“ We 're very proud as a local independent business to support the awareness of healthy eating and living— We appreciate the efforts of Paris Nabavi and their desire and passion to bring awareness to the keiki , ” Chef Stettler added .
Taverna took top honors in 2017 's Maui Nō Ka ‘ Oi Magazines ‘ Aipono Awards . Best New Maui Restaurant 2017 ; Best Bar 2017 ; Best Italian – Silver 2017 .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Nabavi Legacy Fund was created by Chef Paris Nabavi and their wife Donna to support programs that nourish the minds and bodies of Maui 's children . As Maui restaurateurs , foodies , and parents , the couple has an interest in educating kids to eat healthy , make sustainable food choices , and develop a lifelong love of learning – all while having fun .
The Nabavi Legacy Fund 's partnered restaurants are :
Cane & Canoe at the Montage Kapalua Fork & Salad , Kīhei The Mill House , Waikapū Pizza Paradiso , Honokōwai Taverna , Kapalua Chef Paris Nabavi
For more information about Nabavi Legacy Fund , click here .
Germany 's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit , no change seen
MESEBERG , Germany , June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19 , as planned , saying they assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week 's parliamentary election in Britain .
FILE PHOTO - Amazon President , Chairman and CEO Jeff Bezos speaks at the Business Insider 's 'Ignition Future of Digital ' conference in New York City December 2 , 2014 . REUTERS/Mike Segar/File Photo
FILE PHOTO - Jeff Bezos , founder of Blue Origin and CEO of Amazon , speaks about the future plans of Blue Origin during an address to attendees at Access Intelligence 's SATELLITE 2017 conference in Washington , U.S. , March 7 , 2017 . REUTERS/Joshua Roberts/File Photo
Jeff Bezos , founder of Blue Origin and CEO of Amazon , speaks about the future plans of Blue Origin during an address to attendees at Access Intelligence 's SATELLITE 2017 conference in Washington , U.S. , March 7 , 2017 . REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
A general view of the Blue Origin New Shepard rocket booster at the 33rd Space Symposium in Colorado Springs , Colorado , United States April 5 , 2017 . REUTERS/Isaiah J . Downing
Ariane Cornell ( C ) gives tours to the media of Blue Origin 's Crew Capsule mockup at the 33rd Space Symposium in Colorado Springs , Colorado , United States April 5 , 2017 . REUTERS/Isaiah J . Downing
Amazon and Blue Origin founder Jeff Bezos addresses the media about the New Shepard rocket booster and Crew Capsule mockup at the 33rd Space Symposium in Colorado Springs , Colorado , United States April 5 , 2017 . REUTERS/Isaiah J . Downing
Amazon and Blue Origin founder Jeff Bezos addresses the media about the New Shepard rocket booster and Crew Capsule mockup at the 33rd Space Symposium in Colorado Springs , Colorado , United States April 5 , 2017 . REUTERS/Isaiah J . Downing
An interior view of the Blue Origin Crew Capsule mockup at the 33rd Space Symposium in Colorado Springs , Colorado , United States April 5 , 2017 . REUTERS/Isaiah J . Downing
An interior view of the Blue Origin Crew Capsule mockup at the 33rd Space Symposium in Colorado Springs , Colorado , United States April 5 , 2017 . REUTERS/Isaiah J . Downing
Amazon and Blue Origin founder Jeff Bezos addresses the media about the New Shepard rocket booster and Crew Capsule mockup at the 33rd Space Symposium in Colorado Springs , Colorado , United States April 5 , 2017 . REUTERS/Isaiah J . Downing
Amazon and Blue Origin founder Jeff Bezos addresses the media about the New Shepard rocket booster and Crew Capsule mockup at the 33rd Space Symposium in Colorado Springs , Colorado , United States April 5 , 2017 . REUTERS/Isaiah J . Downing
Members of the media tour the Blue Origin Crew Capsule mockup and New Shepard rocket booster at the 33rd Space Symposium in Colorado Springs , Colorado , United States April 5 , 2017 . REUTERS/Isaiah J . Downing
COLORADO SPRINGS , Colo. Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos said on Wednesday they are selling about $ 1 billion ( 801.80 million pounds ) worth of the internet retailer 's stock annually to fund their Blue Origin rocket company , which aims to launch paying passengers on 11-minute space rides starting next year .
Blue Origin had hoped to begin test flights with company pilots and engineers in 2017 , but that probably will not happen until next year , Bezos told reporters at the annual U.S. Space Symposium in Colorado Springs .
“ My business model right now … for Blue Origin is I sell about $ 1 billion of Amazon stock a year and I use it to invest in Blue Origin , '' said Bezos , the chief executive of Amazon.com Inc and also the owner of The Washington Post newspaper .
Ultimately , the plan is for Blue Origin to become a profitable , self-sustaining enterprise , with a long-term goal to cut the cost of space flight so that millions of people can live and work off Earth , Bezos said .
Bezos is Amazon 's largest shareholder , with 80.9 million shares , according to Thomson Reuters data . At Wednesday 's closing share price of $ 909.28 , Bezos would have to sell 1,099,771 shares to meet their pledge of selling $ 1 billion worth of Amazon stock . Bezos ' total Amazon holdings , representing a 16.95 percent stake in the company , are worth $ 73.54 billion at Wednesday 's closing price .
For now , Kent , Washington-based Blue Origin is working toward far shorter hops - 11 minute space rides that are not fast enough to put a spaceship into orbit around Earth .
Blue Origin has not started selling tickets or set prices to ride aboard its six-passenger , gumdrop-shaped capsule , known as New Shepard .
The reusable rocket and capsule is designed to carry passengers to an altitude of more than 100 miles ( 62 km ) above the planet so they can experience a few minutes of weightlessness and see the curvature of Earth set against the blackness of space . Unmanned test flights have been underway since 2015 .
At the symposium , Bezos showed off a mockup of the passenger capsule , which sports six reclined seats , each with its own large window . Also on display was a scorched New Shepard booster rocket that was retired in October after five flights .
Like fellow tech entrepreneur Elon Musk , founder and chief executive of SpaceX , Bezos says that reusability is the key to cutting the cost of space flight . Last week , SpaceX re-launched a rocket for an unprecedented second mission to put a spacecraft into orbit .
“ The engineering approach is a little different , but we 're very like-minded , ” Bezos said of Musk .
Blue Origin is developing a second launch system to carry satellites , and eventually people , into orbit , similar to SpaceX 's Falcon 9 and Dragon capsule .
Development costs for that system , known as New Glenn , will be about $ 2.5 billion .
There is no estimate yet for how much Bezos will invest overall on Blue Origin . But Bezos has indicated they will spend what it takes .
“ It 's a long road to get there and I 'm happy to invest in it , ” Bezos said .
According to Forbes magazine , Bezos has a net worth of $ 78 billion .
( Reporting by Irene Klotz ; Editing by Leslie Adler )
April 9 ( Gracenote ) - Scores from the Masters at the par-72 course on Sunday in Augusta , Georgia PLAY-OFF 1 Sergio Garcia ( Spain ) after 1 2 Justin Rose ( Britain ) after 1 REGULAR ROUNDS -9 Sergio Garcia ( Spain ) 71 69 70 69 Justin Rose ( Britain ) 71 72 67 69 -6 Charl Schwartzel ( South Africa ) 74 72 68 68 -5 Matt Kuchar ( U.S. ) 72 73 71 67 Thomas Pieters ( Belgium ) 72 68 75 68 -4 Paul Casey ( Britain ) 72 75 69 68 -3 Kevin Chappell ( U.S. ) 71 76 70 68 Rory McIlroy ( Britain ) 72 73 71 69 -2 Adam Scott ( Australia ) 75 69 69 73 Ryan Moore ( U.S. ) 74 69 69 74 -1 Jordan Spieth ( U.S. ) 75 69 68 75 Rickie Fowler ( U.S. ) 73 67 71 76 Hideki Matsuyama ( Japan ) 76 70 74 67 Brooks Koepka ( U.S. ) 74 73 71 69 Russell Henley ( U.S. ) 71 76 71 69 0 Martin Kaymer ( Germany ) 78 68 74 68 Steve Stricker ( U.S. ) 75 73 72 68 1 Lee Westwood ( Britain ) 70 77 68 74 Pat Perez ( U.S. ) 74 74 70 71 Jimmy Walker ( U.S. ) 76 71 70 72 Fred Couples ( U.S. ) 73 70 74 72 2 Justin Thomas ( U.S. ) 73 76 71 70 William McGirt ( U.S. ) 69 73 74 74 Phil Mickelson ( U.S. ) 71 73 74 72 Jason Day ( Australia ) 74 76 69 71 Charley Hoffman ( U.S. ) 65 75 72 78 3 Jon Rahm ( Spain ) 73 70 73 75 Brandt Snedeker ( U.S. ) 75 74 69 73 Branden Grace ( South Africa ) 76 74 71 70 Daniel Berger ( U.S. ) 77 73 72 69 Brendan Steele ( U.S. ) 74 73 75 69 4 Matthew Fitzpatrick ( Britain ) 71 78 73 70 5 Francesco Molinari ( Italy ) 78 72 71 72 An Byeong Hun ( Korea ) 76 73 74 70 Jason Dufner ( U.S. ) 71 76 70 76 6 Bill Haas ( U.S. ) 75 72 71 76 Brian Stuard ( U.S. ) 77 70 74 73 Stewart Hagestad ( U.S. ) 74 73 74 73 Soren Kjeldsen ( Denmark ) 72 73 71 78 Adam Hadwin ( Canada ) 75 74 75 70 7 Louis Oosthuizen ( South Africa ) 77 71 76 71 Ross Fisher ( Britain ) 76 74 74 71 8 Bernd Wiesberger ( Austria ) 77 72 76 71 Kevin Kisner ( U.S. ) 74 75 74 73 Marc Leishman ( Australia ) 73 74 78 71 9 Daniel Summerhays ( U.S. ) 74 75 75 73 Curtis Luck ( Australia ) 78 72 75 72 10 Andy Sullivan ( Britain ) 71 78 76 73 James Hahn ( U.S. ) 75 75 75 73 11 J.B. Holmes ( U.S. ) 78 72 73 76 12 Emiliano Grillo ( Argentina ) 79 70 73 78 17 Larry Mize ( U.S. ) 74 76 79 76 20 Ernie Els ( South Africa ) 72 75 83 78
March 28 Healthcare Global Enterprises Ltd
* Says through unit signed SPA and SSA with Cancer Care Kenya relating to investment in CCK share capital
* Says consideration to be Kenya shillings 93,147,000 in cash
* Says after consummation of deal , HCG Kenya to hold 93.66 percent of outstanding share capital in CCK
* Says issue price per share is KSHS 100 per share Source text : bit.ly/2ncSl0N Further company coverage :
Daniele Nouy , chair of the Supervisory Board of the European Central Bank , speaks at a Thomson Reuters newsmaker event at Canary Wharf in London November 28 , 2014 . REUTERS/Neil Hall
FRANKFURT Global regulators should agree `` as quickly as possible '' on the minimum amount of capital that banks must hold , a so called 'floor ' that has held up the completion of a new rulebook known as Basel III , the European Central Bank 's top supervisor said on Tuesday .
`` The final design and calibration of the floor are still being discussed , and the intention is to avoid significantly increasing the overall capital requirements for banks , '' Daniele Nouy , chair of the ECB 's supervisory board , said in Vienna .
`` It is crucial that an agreement is reached as quickly as possible . We have to finalise the entire Basel III package to ensure that a global standard is in place . ''
( Reporting By Francesco Canepa ; Editing by Balazs Koranyi )
LONDON , April 2 Manchester City 's 2-2 draw at Arsenal has prompted faint title talk from the visitors ' camp , but their Emirates Stadium stalemate only exposed the enduring frailties that persist with Pep Guardiola 's side .
Twice City took the lead , through Leroy Sané and Sergio Aguero , but twice they were pegged back as Arsenal equalised through Theo Walcott and Shkodran Mustafi .
While City can move within eight points of Premier League leaders Chelsea with a win at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday , their inability to kill off troubled Arsenal suggests Guardiola has their work cut out to cultivate a side that can mount a challenge for the title , let alone eclipse Chelsea this season .
Defensively , City were regularly troubled by an Arsenal attacking unit that have themselves flattered to deceive in recent fixtures .
Guardiola praised stand-in right back Jesus Navas , who applied themselves manfully despite the ominous prospect of a tussle with Alexis Sanchez , though the City winger 's cameo in defence only served to highlight the paucity of options .
`` I played them because Bacary Sagna was injured and Pablo Zabaleta were not ready , '' Guardiola told Sky Sports . `` Jesus always deserves the best because they are an excellent guy and I was so happy with him . ''
Fit-again club captain Vincent Kompany remained on the bench despite being available and cut a frustrated figure watching their teammates toil defensively .
City have conceded 32 league goals this season - 11 more than second-placed Tottenham Hotspur , nine more than Chelsea - and the backline requires a significant overhaul this summer .
Guardiola has crafted a sleek offensive unit but , after a breathless opening 15 minutes at The Emirates , they appeared to ease off as their intensity levels dropped and they allowed Arsenal back into the match .
City only reasserted themselves after Walcott poked home an equaliser , and were unable to rouse themselves in the second half to push on and secure all three points .
`` We did n't play in the first half , '' Guardiola conceded , `` after the goal we forgot to play , the desire went .
`` In the second half we played more . We suffered a lot in the first half because we did not make those passes together . ''
The match summed up City 's maiden season under ex-Barcelona and Bayern Munich coach Guardiola , as they started brightly , dropped off significantly and ultimately lost their way .
Despite the re-emergence of title talk , the Spanish coach has much to do in order to craft a championship-winning side out of a talented - if flawed - squad . ( Reporting by Ed Dove ; Editing by Ken Ferris )
In an age of lean budgetary times , an age when online purchasing trends are having an impact on local business , UCSB 's College of Letters and Science is making an effort to keep it local , said Chas Thompson , the instructional technology services manager for UCSB .
By the beginning of fall quarter , locally owned Jensen Audio Visual will have outfitted more than 25 of the college 's departmental classrooms with custom media carts .
It 's not just competitive pricing that has kept the department 's money local . It 's also Jensen 's customer service .
“ After-market support is really important to us , ” Thompson said . “ If we have a problem , I can call ( Jensen ) at 8 a.m. and they 'll have somebody out here right away . ”
They acknowledged the other businesses specializing in educational media carts ( or lecterns ) . Although they do a fine job , they said , they have no presence in Santa Barbara . When a problem arises with in-class media , Thompson needs the problem solved quickly , and Jensen Audio Visual is there to get the job done .
“ We chose Jensen because they are locally owned and operated , they work closely with us to give us what we need , ” Thompson said , “ and they are just nice people to work with . ”
— Rebecca Carroll is the marketing and communications manager for Jensen Audio Visual .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
March 31 Shanghai Ganglian E-commerce Holdings Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to use 100 million yuan to set up a wholly owned supply chain management unit in Shanghai
* Says co plans to pay no div for FY 2016
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/wJA01z ; goo.gl/UJ5Dsv
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Greece set to get cash to pay bills , but debt relief elusive
LUXEMBOURG , June 15 Greece 's international lenders are expected to agree on Thursday to unblock as much as 8 billion euros in loans that Athens desperately needs to next month to pay its bills , but to leave the contentious issue of debt relief for later .
SYDNEY Australia cancelled a vote on Tuesday to finally ratify an extradition treaty with China , 10 years after it was signed , with the government set for an embarrassing defeat on the vote .
Australia 's inability to ratify the treaty is a setback in China 's overseas hunt for corrupt officials and business executives who have fled abroad with their assets , dubbed Operation Fox Hunt .
Political opposition to the treaty in Australia stems from concerns over China 's humanitarian record , with human rights groups regularly accusing Beijing of obtaining confessions through torture or under duress .
The planned parliamentary vote was to be held two days after China Premier Li Keqiang left Australia , where trade deals underpinned fast improving Sino-Australia relations .
But a spokesperson for Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said the vote had been cancelled , after opposition politicians who control the upper house Senate made clear they would not support the treaty .
`` It has been in our national interest to have this agreement with China , '' Foreign Minister Julie Bishop told a news conference . `` We will speak with our Chinese friends in more detail and decide what to do . ''
If Australia had ratified the pact , it would have become one of the few Western countries besides France and Spain to enter into an extradition treaty with China .
In Beijing , Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying said the treaty would allow both countries to go after cross-border criminals and was in their joint interests .
`` We hope that Australia keeps in mind the broader picture of bilateral relations and continues to promote the relevant domestic process so the treaty can go into enforcement as soon as possible , '' Hua told a daily news briefing .
In an article published on the eve of Li 's visit , China 's ambassador to Australia , Cheng Jingye , highlighted their country 's hopes for the extradition treaty to enter into force soon .
`` The visit seems to have been very successful on the economic merits , but this inability to ratify the extradition treaty will inevitably lead to a sense of deflation , '' said Euan Graham , director of the national security programme at Australian think-tank Lowy Institute .
It is also a blow for Turnbull , who revived the long-dormant process of ratification a year ago , with Australia seeking closer cooperation with Chinese law enforcement to stem a rising tide of synthetic drugs trafficked from southern China .
Three Australian employees of casino operator Crown Resorts Ltd remain in Chinese custody following their arrest in November 2016 for alleged gambling offences .
( Reporting by Colin Packham in Sydney ; Additional reporting by Philip Wen and Ben Blanchard in Beijing ; Editing by Clarence Fernandez )
March 30 The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
The Times
* Members of parliament are demanding that banks and regulators do more to crack down on security failings that mean contactless cardholders can be defrauded months after their cards are stolen or lost . bit.ly/2nNnFr0
* Some of the world 's biggest sovereign wealth funds will pledge 650 million pounds ( about $ 808.66 million ) in new investments for Heathrow on Thursday in what will be regarded as a significant boost after Article 50 was triggered . bit.ly/2oAeKWS
The Guardian
* Lloyd 's of London will announce on Thursday that it has picked Brussels as the base for its new European Union subsidiary to secure a European foothold after UK 's departure from the EU . bit.ly/2nN1lOo
* German Chancellor Angela Merkel has rejected one of Theresa May 's key Brexit demands , insisting negotiations on Britain 's exit from the European Union can not run in parallel with talks on the future UK-EU relationship . bit.ly/2nMEEtH
The Telegraph
* Britain 's carmakers have warned that Brexit poses the `` biggest threat in a generation '' to the car manufacturing industry . bit.ly/2obnWVA
* Howard Shore , the man who set up City stockbroker Shore Capital Group Ltd at the age of 24 , has stepped down as the group 's chief executive after over three decades in charge . bit.ly/2nNvvku
Sky News
* Prime Minister Theresa May has triggered Article 50 after their letter to European Council President Donald Tusk was delivered by Ambassador Tim Barrow in Brussels . bit.ly/2oxRN6S
* Sky News has learnt that James Gorman , Morgan Stanley 's chairperson and chief executive , told Theresa May that other cities had made compelling approaches to lure parts of its business from London during the nine months since the EU referendum . bit.ly/2nicdQq
The Independent
* The London attack last week was a `` wake-up call '' for technology companies , the head of the Metropolitan Police said on Wednesday . Tech companies including Google and Facebook have come under scrutiny recently for not doing enough to stop extremist content being hosted on their networks . ind.pn/2njaLhl ( Compiled by Kanishka Singh in Bengaluru )
U.S. mortgage bonds hold gains after details on Fed balance sheet plan
NEW YORK , June 14 Prices on U.S. mortgage-backed securities clung to their earlier gains on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve signaled it planned to reduce its reinvestments in Treasuries and MBS later this year in a bid to shrink its $ 4.5 trillion balance sheet .
March 30 Nokia Corp
* Says shares tendered in offer represent approximately 88.39 percent of all shares and votes in Comptel , excluding the treasury shares held by Comptel
* Says preliminary results of tender offer represent approximately 83.30 percent of all shares and votes of Comptel on a fully diluted basis as defined in terms of tender offer Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Helsinki Newsroom )
The San Diego County District Attorney 's Office is taking tough action against kids making threats on schools .
Nine juveniles cases are now being charged , that have been reported since the deadly school shooting in Florida that killed 17 people .
There have been 19 reported school threats since the massacre on February 14 . Two of the 19 cases are still under investigation .
None of the treats turned out to be credible . However , the District Attorney is proceeding with filing charges .
One of the incidents happened at Rancho Bernardo High School , after someone spray painted violent threats on walls .
Becky Macbain , a parent NBC 7 spoke with at Rancho Bernardo High School Monday , agrees that the D.A . should file charges against the juveniles .
`` I 'm sad for the kids , but I 'm glad they 're getting charged because other kids need to see that therer is consequences for their actions , '' said Macbain .
Other schools that reported threats included Madison High School , Rincon Middle School and Torrey Pines High School , which received threats twice .
Some of the threats were painted on school grounds , while others were menacing messages on social media .
`` If a child is going to make such a threat , whether they did it or said it , they they should be punished , '' said parent Rosa Murguia .
The D.A . 's office is charging nine juvenile cases , which will be handled by the juvenile court .
Those charged could face a wide range of punishment from diversion programs to custody .
The names of the juveniles are not being released at this time .
( The opinions expressed here are those of the author , a columnist for Reuters . )
By Clyde Russell
SINGAPORE , March 28 Saudi Arabia and Russia are likely to discover that when pursuing two incompatible goals , the one deemed less important will ultimately be sacrificed .
The world 's top two oil exporters appear to be chasing both higher crude prices through their curbs to production and market share by increasing exports , at least in Asia , the world 's biggest crude importing region and the fastest growing .
The question is which of these two goals will ultimately be abandoned in favour of the other , and how long will it take for Saudi Arabia and Russia to realise the incompatibility of their dual ambitions ?
The crude import data from Asia 's biggest buyers show the scale of the challenge facing Saudi Arabia and Russia , the two countries that are the lynchpins of the November agreement between the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) and its allies to cut output by 1.8 million barrels per day ( bpd ) in the first six months of 2017 .
That agreement , which provided an initial boost to crude prices , may be extended for another six months after ministers from OPEC and non-OPEC producers agreed on March 26 agreed to conduct a review .
While OPEC and its allies have had success in ensuring high compliance with the deal , which has started the process of drawing down high global oil inventories , they have also opened the door to producers outside the agreement to raise output .
Chinese customs data for the month of February highlight how at risk OPEC and its allies are from cutting their own output while their rivals are free to pump as much as they want .
China imported 4.77 million tonnes , or about 1.24 million bpd , from top supplier Saudi Arabia in February , down almost 13 percent from the same month a year earlier .
While February 's imports were down from the same month in 2016 , they were actually up from the 1.18 million bpd China imported from the kingdom in January , which shows that the Saudis seem reluctant to restrict sales to their top customer .
That 's strike one against boosting prices in favour of preserving market share .
China imported 1.19 million bpd from Russia in February , up 4.5 percent on the same month last year and also above the 1.08 million bpd recorded in January .
So far , that looks like strike two against cutting supplies to increase prices over preserving market share .
To be sure , there were countries that agreed to the cuts that did reduce their exports to China in February , such as the United Arab Emirates , but this was more the exception to the rule .
China 's imports from Saudi Arabia are 1 percent higher in the first two months of 2017 from the same period last year , while those from Russia are up 18.9 percent higher , from Angola 5.1 percent , Iraq 26.2 percent , Iran 9.4 percent and Venezuela 39.6 percent .
These figures do n't really speak of a concerted effort to restrict supplies to China , which has overtaken the United States to be the world 's largest importer of crude .
BRAZIL GAINS MARKET SHARE
It will also be disturbing for OPEC and its allies to look at the 64.8 percent surge in China 's imports from Brazil in the first two months of this year to 392,000 bpd , and even from Britain , with a 380 percent leap to 126,000 bpd .
Sure , these are small numbers in the context of China 's imports of 8.14 million bpd in the first two months , but it does show the Chinese are willing and able to tap other suppliers if they feel any pinch from OPEC and its allies cutting production .
It 's a somewhat similar story in India , Asia 's number two oil importer .
India 's imports of crude oil from Brazil jumped 176.2 percent in the first two months of the year to 139,300 bpd , according to vessel-tracking and port data compiled by Thomson Reuters Supply Chain and Commodity Forecasts .
It was more of a mixed picture from exporters party to the November agreement , with India 's imports from Saudi Arabia down by 15.2 percent to 789,900 bpd in the first two months , while Iraq saw a drop of 37.5 percent and Kuwait 27.3 percent .
But India 's purchases from Iran were up 211 percent , from the UAE by 19.7 percent and Azerbaijan by 220 percent .
What the crude import numbers from China and India for the first two months show is that by and large the top producers seem reluctant to cut supplies to major Asian buyers , and that even if they do , other producers seem willing to step into the breach .
It 's the ability of producers outside the agreement to fill any supply gap that 's the potential strike three against cutting output to boost prices .
The United States exported around 950,000 to 1 million bpd in February , according to participants in the industry who spoke at an Argus crude oil forum in Singapore on Tuesday .
The participants , some of whom represented U.S. oil producers , expect that this level of exports can be sustained , and will increase in coming years as shale producers , particularly those in the Permian basin ramp up output , given they can be profitable at prices as low as $ 40 a barrel .
The U.S. shale industry is still the Sword of Damocles hanging over the head of OPEC and its allies .
While their agreement to curb output may have some impact insofar as drawing down excess inventories , perhaps it would be better for Saudi Arabia , Russia and the others to hope for stronger world economic growth to spark a demand-led rebalancing .
( Editing by Christian Schmollinger )
BRIEF-BB & T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb & t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent , effective immediately Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
March 30 ( Reuters ) -
* Industrial and Commercial Bank of China ( ICBC ) has about 2 billion yuan ( $ 290.36 million ) in loan exposure to China Huishan Dairy Holdings Co , ICBC 's chief risk officer Wang Bairong said on the sidelines of a news conference on Thursday .
* ICBC 's loans to Huishan Dairy account for about 5 percent of the company 's financing , another ICBC official said .
* Huishan Dairy , which had $ 4 billion wiped off its value in a single day last week , said on Tuesday that it had missed loan repayments and lost contact with a key executive . Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 6.8880 Chinese yuan renminbi ) ( Reporting By Matthew Miller ; Editing by David Goodman )
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG , June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League ( CSL ) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career .
JOHANNESBURG May 2 South Africa 's new vehicle sales fell 13.4 percent year-on-year to 34,956 units in April , data from the trade and industry department showed on Tuesday .
Exports were down 25.5 percent to 24,449 units compared with the same month a year earlier , the department said . ( Reporting by Tanisha Heiberg and Nqobile Dludla ; Editing by Joe Brock )
Uber 's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc , the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes .
Africa 's leaders will gather in Rwanda Wednesday to launch what they say will be the world 's largest free trade area but Nigeria has already pulled out , highlighting the challenge in getting the continent to sign up .
Establishing the African Continental Free Trade Area ( CFTA ) with 55 African Union ( AU ) members having a cumulative GDP of $ 2.5 trillion is one of the bloc 's flagship projects .
However Muhammadu Buhari , president of one of Africa 's largest markets Nigeria , this week cancelled plans to attend the Kigali launch and called for more consultations after business leaders objected to joining the world 's biggest free trade area in terms of countries .
“ The signature of the CFTA is something that makes Africa look good on paper , but for implementation it 's going to have a lot of hiccups , ” said Sola Afolabi , a Nigeria-based international trade consultant .
Some 27 heads of state are expected to attend the Kigali meeting , but it is unclear who will sign on to the CFTA right away .
– Trade between neighbours –
AU trade and industry commissioner Albert M. Muchanga said Africa 's fledgling industries and growing middle class would benefit from the CFTA 's removal of tariffs .
Currently , African countries only do about 16 percent of their business with each other .
“ If we remove customs and duties by 2022 , the level of intra-African trade will increase by 60 percent , which is very , very significant , ” Muchanga told AFP .
“ Eventually , we are hoping that all the African Union states will be parties to the Continental Free Trade Area , ” they added .
With underdeveloped service and industrial sectors across the continent , African countries have for decades seen their fortunes rise and fall with the prices of exported commodities such as oil , cocoa and gold .
In recent years , nations like Ethiopia and Ghana have tried to wean themselves from this cycle by building factories and new infrastructure for local industries , spurring rapid growth .
Landry Signe , a development expert with Stanford University in the United States , said the agreement could help these industries , while giving African countries a unified platform to negotiate trade deals with wealthier nations .
“ With the CFTA , the manufacturing sector would be much more diversified , as the market would not be a few million people , but potentially 1.2 billion people , ” they said .
South Africa , a vocal backer of the trade deal , has argued that African economies are too small to support economic diversification and industrialisation on their own .
Regional integration “ is critical to reduce the vulnerability of African economies to global shocks , a vulnerability which results from their heavy reliance on commodities , ” South Africa 's Trade and Industry Minister Rob Davies wrote in an editorial last week .
However in Nigeria , the plans have not gone down well with unions and business leaders .
“ We have no doubt this policy initiative will spell the death knell of the Nigerian economy , ” said the Nigeria Labour Congress ( NLC ) .
– Easing trade and travel –
The CFTA is a key part of the AU 's long-term development plan Agenda 2063 , which calls for easing trade and travel across the continent .
At its most recent summit in Ethiopia in January , AU member states agreed to a common air transport market that could drive down air fares , as well as plans for visa-free travel for Africans across the continent .
Which countries will adopt these agreements remains unclear , as do the prospects for the CFTA , which requires 22 ratifications at a national level after its signing to come into force .
Afolabi said countries with more developed industries would embrace the CFTA because it could open more markets , but nations whose ports served landlocked neighbours could opt out , fearing a loss of revenue .
They worked on setting up the Economic Community of West African States 's ( ECOWAS ) common market , which they have subsequently criticised for failing to punish countries that violated its terms .
“ The regional trade agreements are not working and those are supposed to be the legs for the continental ” version , Afolabi said .
“ If there is no reward for compliance and there is no punishment for non-compliance , then it is going to be a very nice agreement without any teeth or any legs , ” they said .
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG , June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League ( CSL ) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career .
( Reuters ) - West Ham United midfielder 's Joao Mario 's instant impact has impressed goalkeeper Adrian , who believes the new signing must persist with their attacking approach when they travel to Brighton and Hove Albion in the Premier League on Saturday .
Portugal international Mario , who arrived on loan from Inter Milan in the January transfer window , impressed on their debut as a depleted West Ham 's drew 1-1 with Crystal Palace in midweek .
“ It was a magnificent performance from Joao , considering they have just come to the Premier League and this was the first time they had played at this different tempo and intensity , ” Adrian told the club 's website ( www.whufc.com ) .
“ He played a great 90 minutes , was always sharp , was always trying to go forward and sharp with their passing and dribbling . They played really well and they have to keep going in this way . ”
Mario , 25 , linked up well with Mexico striker Javier Hernandez in a move that led to a penalty that midfielder Mark Noble converted to equalise against Palace .
“ Chicharito did a really good job for us , ” Adrian added . “ Football is like life . Sometimes you have good moments and sometimes you have less good moments but now they have their chance and they are showing us they are a great striker and helping us . ”
West Ham were without 10 first team players against Palace , including influential forward Marko Arnautovic and midfielder Manuel Lanzini .
The 12th-placed West Ham will welcome back defenders Winston Reid and Jose Fonte for the trip to Brighton , who are 15th .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Cardiff City continued their impressive start to the English Championship season , beating Aston Villa 3-0 with two goals from new winger Nathaniel Mendez-Laing and one by Junior Hoilett .
Neil Warnock 's side are among four teams who have won both of ther opening games , sitting top of the table ahead of Wolverhampton Wanderers , Nottingham Forest and Ipswich Town .
Villa were one of the pre-season favourites for the title after signing Chelsea 's former England captain John Terry but , after drawing their opener , they disappointed 5,000 travelling fans with a lacklustre display that upset manager Steve Bruce .
Forest 's Greek midfielder Andreas Bouchalakis , who joined from Olympiakos Piraeus last month , scored two fine goals on their league debut as Mark Warburton 's side won a seven-goal thriller to give the manager a happy return to their former club Brentford .
Goals from new signing Barry Douglas and Ivan Cavaleiro gave Wolves an excellent 2-0 win at Derby County while Ipswich came from behind to beat Barnsley 2-1 away .
Former Russia manager Leonid Slutsky achieved their first league win in England as Abel Hernandez scored a hat-trick in Hull City 's 4-1 home win over Burton Albion .
Fulham recovered from the first-minute dismissal of Tomas Kalas to draw 1-1 at Reading after Lucas Piazon scored against their former club who led through Liam Kelly 's strike .
In the late game , Garry Monk 's Middlesbrough secured their first points of the season with a 1-0 win at home to promoted Sheffield United .
Dec 10 ( Reuters ) - Convoy Global Holdings Ltd :
* SAYS IT APPOINTS JOHNNY CHEN AS EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND INTERIM CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD WITH EFFECT FROM DEC 9
* SAYS IT APPOINTS YAP E HOCK , IP YEE KWAN AS EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS WITH EFFECT FROM DEC 9
* SAYS IT APPOINTS FU KWONG WING TING , FRANCINE AND PAK WAI KEUNG , MARTIN AND YAN TAT WAH AS INDEPENDENT NON EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS WITH EFFECT FROM DEC 8
* SAYS CHOW KIM HANG HAS RESIGNED AS COMPANY SECRETARY AND AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COMPANY WITH EFFECT DEC 8
* SAYS IT APPOINTS CHUNG WAI KWONG , ANTHONY AS COMPANY SECRETARY AND GROUP GENERAL COUNSEL-LEGAL AND COMPLIANCE Source text in English : bit.ly/2ARWoKs ; bit.ly/2yVYeJ2 Further company coverage : ( Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom )
BERLIN , March 31 German unemployment fell by more than expected in March , data from the Federal Labour Office showed on Friday , signalling that the robust labour market will continue to be the foundation for growth in Europe 's largest economy .
The seasonally adjusted jobless total fell by 30,000 to 2.556 million , the Labour Office said . That was more than the predicted fall of 10,000 in a Reuters poll .
The adjusted unemployment rate fell to 5.8 percent from 5.9 percent in February , reaching the lowest level since German reunification in 1990 .
`` The labour market remains favourable , '' Detlef Scheele , head of the Federal Labour Office , said in a statement . `` The number of unemployed fell significantly with the onset of spring , and employment growth continues unabated . ''
For a table of figures , click on : ( Writing by Joseph Nasr ; Editing by Paul Carrel )
BRIEF-Atos wins contract to provide Genci with supercomputers
* ATOS WINS CONTRACT TO PROVIDE GENCI WITH ONE OF THE MOST POWERFUL SUPERCOMPUTERS IN THE WORLD
ROME An agreement between Italy and Libya to fight people-smuggling in the north African nation will lead to migrants being returned to camps where they are held against their will , extorted and abused , Doctors without Borders ( MSF ) said on Monday .
Italy signed a memorandum of understanding with the U.N.-backed Libyan government in Tripoli - which was endorsed by the European Union - in February that promised training , equipment and money to fight human traffickers .
However , Arjan Hehenkamp , general director of MSF and head of the group 's Libya mission , said the idea that migrants can be housed in a humane way on Libyan soil `` is simply impossible '' .
`` It 's a dangerous fiction to think otherwise , '' Hehenkamp told reporters in Rome after flying in from Libya .
They added that anyone who thinks Libya is a safe port for migrants `` is purposely living between alternative facts and la la land ... It 's simply impossible right now to think that Libya can be considered part of the solution . ''
They described seven of the camps in and around Tripoli as detention centres controlled by militias that are rife with violence and abuse .
Interior Minister Marco Minniti has said that human rights must be respected and that new camps should be opened with the help of U.N. agencies , but so far this has not happened .
The EU has so far trained about 90 people to work in the Libyan Coast Guard and Italy has promised to give them 10 patrol boats , the first of which are to be delivered by mid-May .
After a deal between the EU and Turkey largely shut down the sea route to Greece last year , the main passage for migrants to Europe now is through Italy by boat from Libya , where people-smugglers operate with impunity .
Migrant arrivals in Italy are up some 30 percent this year to 24,000 , according to official figures , and an estimated 600 have perished trying to make the crossing .
Often they are rescued by humanitarian groups , which have come under scrutiny from an Italian court for allegedly favouring departures . The Libyan coast guard is already turning back some migrant boats .
Often those turned back end up in the same detention centres they were trying to flee , Hehenkamp said , where `` a system of abuse and extortion '' means migrants either pay smugglers for a sea passage or risk being sold into a form of slave labour .
Libya is controlled by a patchwork of armed groups that have built local fiefdoms which have vied for power since Libya 's 2011 uprising , and two governments - one in the east and another in Tripoli - are competing for control .
`` Returning people to Libya by the Libyan Coast Guard is questionable because they end up in detention centres , '' Othman Belbeisi , the International Organization for Migration 's chief of mission for Libya , told Reuters last week .
`` ( But ) smugglers are still known and seen . You can meet them in a cafe in the middle of Tripoli . ''
( With additional reporting by Aidan Lewis in Tunis , editing by Pritha Sarkar )
FILE PHOTO - Elon Musk , founder , CEO and lead designer at SpaceX and co-founder of Tesla , speaks at the International Space Station Research and Development Conference in Washington , U.S. on July 19 , 2017 .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Bond investors on Friday gave a $ 1.8 billion boost to Tesla Inc 's ( TSLA.O ) balance sheet by snapping up the electric carmaker 's first foray into the U.S. junk bond market , where yield-hungry investors have raced to lock in relatively higher returns .
Those robust returns , however , have shrunk as a strong reservoir of cash ready to deploy in the riskiest areas of the high-yield fixed income market has pushed them to near their lowest levels in three years . That has given junk-rated issuers such as Elon Musk 's U.S. car company the opportunity to raise cash cheaply .
Tesla sold $ 1.8 billion of eight-year unsecured bonds at a yield of 5.30 percent , the Palo Alto , California-based company said in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
The bond was sold at par , according to a source familiar with the transaction , who requested anonymity because the detail was not publicly disclosed .
Tesla initially wanted to sell $ 1.5 billion worth of debt but enlarged the offering because of overwhelming demand , according to IFR , a Thomson Reuters unit . The yield was slightly higher than the 5.25 percent cited at the initial launch .
Cash proceeds will help finance production of Tesla 's Model 3 , which it is banking on to hit the mass market bullseye and finally help the company turn a profit . Tesla aims to boost production to 500,000 cars next year , about six times its 2016 output .
`` It 's a milestone for a company from a relative unknown to what it is today , '' said David Knutson , head of credit research at Schroders Investment Management .
The company , founded by Musk in 2003 , has plowed revenues back into its businesses , which now include energy storage .
At the launch of the Model 3 , with a base price of $ 35,000 , Musk warned that Tesla would face months of `` manufacturing hell '' as it increases production of the sedan .
The ability of the high-yield sector , which some analysts and investors consider pricey , to absorb debt supply from a first-time issuer such as Tesla suggests its resilience , at least for now .
`` I wo n't call it a bubble , '' said Andrew Feltus , co-head of high yield and bank loans at Amundi Pioneer Asset Management in Boston . `` The ( market ) fundamentals are pretty good . ''
Standard & Poor 's assigned a B-minus on Tesla 's junk bond issue , while Moody 's Investors Service rated it B3 .
FILE PHOTO - The logo of Tesla is seen in Taipei , Taiwan on August 11 , 2017 . Tyrone Siu/File Photo
While the ability of Tesla to raise so much cash with such a low rating might revive memories of market bubbles such as the dot-com boom , strategists said that analogy did not apply .
`` Tesla is not one of these companies , '' said Stan Shipley , a strategist at Evercore ISI in New York .
Investor appetite has driven the average yield on U.S. B-rated corporate bonds to 5.72 percent late this week , down 0.37 percentage point since the end of 2016 and below its recent peak of 10.18 percent in February 2016 , according to Bank of America Merrill Lynch . .MERH0A2
The benchmark 10-year Treasury yield US10YT= , in contrast , was 2.19 percent after hitting a six-week low earlier Friday .
ALONG FOR THE RIDE
Despite lingering skepticism , there has been no shortage of funds to fuel Tesla 's ambition to popularize electric cars .
Investors who jumped on the bandwagon have been rewarded .
Tesla has raised $ 3.3 billion in convertible bonds , which have performed well , in step with its stock .
The stock ended up 0.7 percent at $ 357.72 on Friday , a near-1,400 percent increase since its debut in June 2010 at $ 17 a share .
Tesla might have picked just the right time to become a junk bond issuer .
Investors have jumped on new supply as defaults are expected to remain low , with the economy growing at a modest pace with little inflation .
`` There is a lot of liquidity in the market . There 's , on average , adequate compensation for investors , '' said Robert Tipp , chief investment strategist at PGIM Fixed Income .
Britain 's Prime Minister Theresa May leaves Buckingham Palace after meeting Queen Elizabeth after Parliament was dissolved ahead of the general election in London , May 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Victoria Jones/Pool
Britain 's Prime Minister Theresa May welcomes Head of the European Commission , President Jean-Claude Juncker to Downing Street in London , Britain April 26 , 2017 . REUTERS/Hannah McKay
LONDON In the month since Prime Minister Theresa May submitted formal divorce papers , Brexit has been overshadowed by a public display of brinkmanship as Britain and the rest of the European Union set out their stalls for the tortuous exit negotiations .
After an encounter with May dubbed the `` disastrous dinner '' , European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker apparently left their Downing Street office last Wednesday shocked and deeply worried that a disorderly Brexit could be looming .
May said Britain 's negotiating position had been deliberately misrepresented and accused European politicians and officials of seeking to affect the outcome of national elections on June 8 by issuing threats over Brexit .
Brexit spice was added by cautions from German Chancellor Angela Merkel about the `` illusions '' of the British and public bickering over the exact numbers on a yet-to-be-calculated divorce bill that Britain must one day pay to the EU .
EU diplomats have long held that British politicians are living in a 'bubble ' with little grasp of the complexity of Brexit , a charge denied by British ministers who say some in the EU are manoeuvring for an opening advantage in the talks .
Martin Selmayr , who is Juncker 's head of cabinet , said in Brussels on Wednesday that `` Brexit will never become a success '' and described it as `` a sad and sorry event '' although they wanted it to be managed in a professional manner .
`` Nothing that has happened in the last two or three days has changed my view of the odds of this thing breaking down , '' said Anand Menon , professor of European politics and foreign affairs at King 's College London .
Menon 's view is that the Brexit talks have a 30 to 40 percent chance of ending in failure .
`` This sort of shadow boxing and posturing does n't change that in the least because that is what happens when negotiations start : people lay out positions , often exaggerated positions , and that is just the way it goes , '' they said .
A disorderly Brexit with no deal would spook financial markets , tarnish London 's reputation as one of the world 's top two financial centres and sow chaos through the economies of Britain and the EU by dislocating trading relationships .
Besides money , the cohesion of the West and the fate of an estimated 3 million EU nationals living in Britain and some 1.2 million Britons residing in other EU countries is at stake .
`` BLOODY DIFFICULT WOMAN ''
May , an initial opponent of Brexit who became prime minister in the turmoil that followed the June 23 referendum vote , has two years to negotiate the terms of the divorce before Britain exits the EU in late March 2019 .
EU leaders endorsed stiff divorce terms on Saturday and Juncker said Britain 's decision to withhold consent to some 6 billion euros ( $ 6.5 billion ) in EU spending on approved programmes , notably to handle the Mediterranean migrant crisis , could affect the start of Brexit talks .
`` During the Conservative Party leadership campaign I was described by one of my colleagues as a 'bloody difficult woman ' . And I said at the time the next person to find that out will be Jean-Claude Juncker , '' May said .
Juncker said their best real-time description of May was that they were a `` tough lady '' , adding they respected May and liked them as a person .
EU diplomats have expressed concern both over May 's ambition to personally dominate detailed Brexit talks and their attempts to strike deals with EU leaders before outlining the detail . Britain says it will decide how to conduct its side of the talks .
British finance minister Philip Hammond said the leak to a German newspaper of the Downing Street dinner and reports of large divorce bills indicated how tough Brexit talks would be .
`` We are on the brink of a very tough , complex , lengthy negotiation and I am not remotely surprised that people are manoeuvring for opening advantage in that negotiation , '' they said .
MONEY AND MIGRANTS
As Britain and the EU embark on one of the most complex negotiations in recent European history , many EU diplomats fear British leaders have failed to appreciate the enormity and stakes of the divorce .
Besides rhetoric , the public Brexit dialogue between the EU and Britain has focused largely on money and migrants .
EU negotiators have hiked possible payment demands for Brexit over recent weeks , officials say , widening the divide between Brussels and London , which questions whether it owes anything at all before talks start next month .
Hours before EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier was due to give details on the EU 's standpoint , a Financial Times headline saying the EU might seek an upfront payment in 2019 of up to 100 billion euros ( $ 110 billion ) drew an immediate rejection from Britain 's Brexit Secretary David Davis .
`` We 'll not be paying 100 billion , '' Davis said .
The European Commission has previously given a ballpark estimate of the bill of about 60 billion euros . The FT said the calculations it referred to would result in a net payment from Britain of roughly that level , after subsequent reimbursements .
Barnier , who said they found the dinner with May very cordial , told reporters the EU hoped to make sufficient progress by November on citizens ' rights and a financial settlement to be able to start discussions on a future relationship with London .
Davis said they wanted a generous settlement that would mean EU migrants enjoy `` pretty much exactly what they enjoy now '' .
But the EU insists that such broad assurances are worthless without deep legal discussion and wants to agree a cut-off date until which EU citizens arriving in Britain would enjoy the same rights as now .
`` Will Brexit talks fail or succeed ? I do n't know and no-one does , '' said a diplomat from an EU country . `` The guess is a deal of some kind can be reached but the risk remains that it falls apart . ''
( Additional reporting by Robin Emmott ; editing by Janet Lawrence )
Aug 12 ( Gracenote ) - Results and standings from the Swedish championship matches on Saturday Saturday , August 12 Halmstad 0 IK Sirius 3 Friday , August 11 Malmo 6 Kalmar 0 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Malmo 19 14 4 1 37 15 46 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 2 IK Sirius 19 9 6 4 32 21 33 3 AIK Stockholm 18 9 4 5 20 13 31 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 4 Djurgarden 18 9 3 6 32 20 30 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 5 IFK Norrkoping 18 9 3 6 26 24 30 6 Haecken 18 7 7 4 20 14 28 7 OEstersunds FK 18 7 7 4 25 22 28 8 Elfsborg Boras 18 7 5 6 34 27 26 9 IFK Gothenburg 18 6 7 5 27 22 25 10 Hammarby 18 6 6 6 25 23 24 11 Orebro 18 6 6 6 24 29 24 12 Joenkoepings Soedra IF 18 4 6 8 17 30 18 13 Kalmar 19 5 2 12 15 34 17 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 14 GIF Sundsvall 18 3 7 8 14 24 16 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 15 Halmstad 19 2 7 10 18 27 13 16 AFC Eskilstuna 18 1 4 13 14 35 7 1 : Champions League preliminary round 2-3 : Europa League preliminary round 4 : Europa League depending on domestic cup 14 : Relegation play-off 15-16 : Relegation Next Fixtures ( GMT ) : Sunday , August 13 AIK Stockholm v AFC Eskilstuna ( 1300 ) Hammarby v Ostersunds FK ( 1300 ) IFK Norrkoping v Djurgarden ( 1530 ) Jonkopings Sodra IF v Orebro ( 1530 ) Monday , August 14 Haecken v GIF Sundsvall ( 1700 ) Elfsborg Boras v IFK Gothenburg ( 1700 )
FILE PHOTO - U.S. State Secretary Rex Tillerson gives an opening statement during the ASEAN-U.S . Ministerial meeting of the 50th Association of Southeast Asia Nations ( ASEAN ) Regional Forum ( ARF ) in Manila , Philippines August 6 , 2017 .
ERBIL , Iraq ( Reuters ) - Iraq 's Kurds are sticking to a plan to hold an independence referendum on Sept. 25 , despite a U.S. request to postpone it , a high-ranking Kurdish official told Reuters on Saturday .
The United States and other Western nations are worried that the vote could ignite a fresh conflict with Baghdad and turn into another regional flashpoint . Turkey , Iran and Syria , which together with Iraq have sizeable Kurdish populations , all oppose an independent Kurdistan .
`` The date is standing , Sept. 25 , no change , '' said Hoshyar Zebari , a close adviser to Kurdistan Regional Government President Massoud Barzani , after U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson asked Barzani to postpone the referendum .
Tillerson made the request in a phone call with Barzani on Thursday , Zebari said .
`` On the issue of the postponement of the referendum , the President ( Barzani ) stated that the people of the Kurdistan Region would expect guarantees and alternatives for their future , '' said a statement issued on Friday by the Kurdistan Regional Government ( KRG ) presidency , after Tillerson 's call .
The U.S. State Department said in June it was concerned that the referendum will distract from `` more urgent priorities '' such as the defeat of Islamic State militants .
Islamic State 's self-proclaimed `` caliphate '' effectively collapsed last month , when U.S.-backed Iraqi forces completed the takeover of the militants ' capital in Iraq , Mosul , after a nine-month campaign in which Kurdish Peshmerga fighters took part .
The hardline Sunni militants remain however in control of territory in western Iraq and eastern Syria . The United States has pledged to maintain its backing to allied forces in both countries until the militants ' total defeat .
The Kurds have been seeking an independent state since at least the end of World War One , when colonial powers divided up the Middle East , but their territory ended up split between modern-day Turkey , Iran , Iraq and Syria .
Barzani , whose father led struggles against Baghdad in the 1960s and 1970s , told Reuters in July the Kurds would take responsibility for the expected 'yes ' outcome of the referendum , and pursue its implementation through dialogue with Baghdad and regional powers to avoid conflict . `` We have to rectify the history of mistreatment of our people and those who are saying that independence is not good , our question to them is , 'if it 's not good for us , why is it good for you ? ' , '' they said in an interview in the KRG capital , Erbil .
Iraq has been led by Shi'ites since the overthrow of Saddam Hussein , a Sunni , by the U.S.-led invasion of 2003 .
The country 's majority Shi'ite community mainly lives in the south while the Kurds and Sunni Arabs inhabit two corners of the north . The centre around Baghdad is mixed .
Kurdish officials have said disputed areas , including the oil-rich Kirkuk region , will be covered by the referendum , to determine whether they would want to remain or not in Kurdistan .
The Kurdish Peshmerga in 2014 prevented Islamic State from capturing Kirkuk , in northern Iraq , after the Iraqi army fled in the face of the militants . They are effectively running the region , also claimed by Turkmen and Arabs .
Hardline Iran-backed Iraqi Shi'ite militias have threatened to expel the Kurds by force from this region and three other disputed areas - Sinjar , Makhmour and Khanaqin .
By Peter Duru
MAKURDI—Benue State government , in conjunction with African Development Bank , AfDB , is to commence the construction of 5,000 units of houses for victims of communal crisis in Agatu , Ado , Kwande and Guma Local Government areas of the state .
The state 's Commissioner for Housing , Mr. John Onoja , who made this known yesterday in Makurdi , said the projects will be located in areas that recorded cases of herdsmen insurgency and communal crisis to alleviate the sufferings of victims .
The commissioner said : “ 2000 of the units will be built in Agatu ; Gbajimba will get 1,000 units ; Agila , 1,000 and Moon in Kwande will also get 1,000 units .
“ All we are waiting for at the moment is the right investor . ”
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN , June 14 Germany 's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution , a transport ministry spokesperson said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
AM expelled from Plaid Cymru for misconduct
South Wales Central AM , Neil McEvoy , has been excluded from Plaid Cymru for 18 months .
The party 's disciplinary panel heard four complaints against them which they say were either damaging to Plaid Cymru 's reputation , or breached confidentiality .
Neil McEvoy was found guilty of misconduct over their conduct in party meetings , `` intimidating '' correspondence , and causing distress among party members .
The AM has criticised the decision saying the inquiry was `` flawed from the very beginning '' .
`` The so-called inquiry has been completely flawed from the very beginning .
“ There has been no due process or natural justice , just a sustained effort by lobbyists to undermine me .
“ Having to wait over a year since the complaints were first made is unacceptable .
`` I will obviously be appealing this disgraceful decision . ”
A spokesperson for Plaid Cymru says : `` The exclusion reflects the gravity of the cases put before the Panel .
`` Neil McEvoy will have the right to appeal the decision . ''
( Recasts with energy minister 's comments )
VATUTINKI , Russia , April 28 Russia 's oil production cuts have reached almost 300,000 barrels per day , Energy Minister Alexander Novak said on Friday , in line with its pledge to curtail output as part of a global pact . The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries , along with Russia and other leading non-OPEC producers , pledged to cut output by 1.8 million barrels per day ( bpd ) in the first half of 2017 to shrink bloated inventories and support prices . Novak said that on average , Russian oil production declined by 254,000 bpd from April 1-26 compared with the reference level of October .
`` There will be a cut by 300,000 by the end of the month , '' they said .
Saudi Energy Minister Khalid al-Falih , who has been on tour to the energy-rich ex-Soviet countries of Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan , said on Friday that Russia 's contribution to the output pact in April was good .
Falih met their Azeri counterpart Natig Aliyev on Thursday and both agreed to support continuing the agreement that was signed in December , the Saudi Energy Ministry said on its Twitter account .
Novak declined to comment on Friday on whether Russia would support any decision to extend the pact into the second half of the year .
( Reporting by Oksana Kobzeva and Denis Pinchuk ; Writing by Kevin O'Flynn and Vladimir Soldatkin ; Editing by Susan Thomas )
ONCE AGAIN THE LUDICROUS SITUATION OF HAVING FOUR MAJOR WORLD BOXING ANCTIONING AUTHORITIES PLUS 200 MORE LEGAL WORLD BOXING SANCTIONING BODIES , IS CAUSE FOR SERIOUS DISSENSION WITHIN WORLD BOXING .
IT IS AN ACUTE NONSENSE SITUATION AND THE QUICKER SANITY IS RESTORED WITHIN PRO ' WORLD BOXING THE BETTER FOR BOXERS AND BOXING .
The latest cause of upheaval within World boxing brought about by the deliberate misuse of the word ‘ CHAMPION ' is the attempt by former World champion Chris Eubank to play the World boxing sanctioning authority International Boxing Organisation ( IBO ) against the other World boxing sanctioning authorities .
THE SHOCKING MEDIA RELEASE BY CHRIS EUBANK Jr. MANAGEMENT HAS UNDERSTANDABLY ANGERED FRANK WARREN AND DEBASE BOXING .
It is difficult to understand who prepared the content . If it was made by a qualified lawyer then a change to a better legal mind is urgently recommended .
BoxingAction believes the media release was penned by a poseur pretending to be a qualified lawyer then the quicker he/she is exposed the better for Chris Eubank Jr. and boxing .
PRESS DIGEST- British Business - June 15
The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
May 3 Standard Industries ' Marsella Holdings
* Says decided to exercise squeeze-out right at Braas Monier
* Says will acquire 687,331 Braas Monier shares not tendered in takeover offer
* Says squeeze-out price for Braas Monier 25.27 euros per share
* Says expects Braas Monier to be delisted shortlySource text : here Further company coverage :
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
* Armed protesters block 250,000 bpd of production in Libya
* OPEC-led production cut expected to be extended into H2 2017
* China becomes no.3 overseas destination for U.S. crude - EIA
By Henning Gloystein
SINGAPORE , March 29 Oil prices on Wednesday extended gains from the previous session , lifted by supply disruptions in Libya and expectations that an OPEC-led output reduction will be extended into the second half of the year .
Prices for front-month Brent crude futures , the international benchmark for oil , had risen 14 cents from their last close to $ 51.47 per barrel by 0127 GMT .
In the United States , West Texas Intermediate ( WTI ) crude futures were up 20 cents at $ 48.57 a barrel .
Both crude benchmarks rose by more than 1 percent the previous day .
Oil production from the western Libyan fields of Sharara and Wafa has been blocked by armed protesters , reducing output by 252,000 barrels per day ( bpd ) , a source at the National Oil Corporation ( NOC ) told Reuters late on Tuesday .
`` That ( Libya ) , along with the Iranian oil minister saying there is likely to be an extension to the production cut deal helped crude oil rally overnight , '' said Greg McKenna , chief market strategist at futures brokerage AxiTrader .
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) , along with some other producers including Russia , have agreed to cut production by almost 1.8 million bpd during the first half of the year in order to rein in a global fuel supply overhang and prop up prices .
But as markets remain bloated halfway into the cuts , there is a broad expectation that the supply cuts will be extended into the second half of the year .
Despite the rising consensus of extended cuts , the OPEC-led strategy to re-balance oil markets is not without controversy .
As OPEC and especially Saudi Arabia cut their production , other producers not participating in the cuts have been quick to fill the supply gap and gain market share .
In the United States in particular , shale oil drillers have seized the opportunity to ramp up output and exports .
As a result , China became the third biggest overseas destination for U.S. crude oil in 2016 , according to data from the Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) , up from ninth position the previous year .
`` In 2016 , U.S. crude oil exports averaged 520,000 bpd , 12 percent above the 2015 level , despite a year-over-year decline in domestic crude oil production , '' the EIA said .
With U.S. oil production rising sharply again this year C-OUT-T-EIA , traders expect American exports to surge further in 2017 .
( Reporting by Henning Gloystein ; Editing by Richard Pullin )
SOFIA , April 5 Bulgaria 's interim government on Wednesday cancelled a tender to run and operate Sofia airport , saying the planned granting of concession rights for 35 years at the country 's main airport was not in the public interest .
`` The government has decided to cancel the tender , '' a government spokesperson said after a cabinet meeting .
The interim transport minister said last month they would propose the cancellation of the tender as it would lead to higher airport fees and hurt air traffic to Bulgaria . ( Reporting by Tsvetelia Tsolova ; editing by Jason Neely )
Mar-a-Lago , President Trump 's private club and winter White House in Palm Beach , Fla. , is a casual place . And so , it seems , are any official records of those who visits them there .
There `` is no system for keeping track of presidential visitors at Mar-a-Lago , as there is at the White House complex , '' Special Agent Kim Campbell said in a legal filing . They said the Secret Service conducted a lengthy search , only to find `` there is no grouping , listing , or set of records that would reflect presidential visitors at Mar-a-Lago . ''
That is hard to believe , said Noah Bookbinder , executive director of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , which is suing for the records .
Minus any records of presidential visitors , Bookbinder said , `` it suggests Mar-a-Lago members and their guests could have access without any sort of vetting or accountability . ''
The club doubled its membership initiation fee this year to $ 200,000 .
Campbell said the latest search turned up a `` few scattered pieces of Mar-a-Lago presidential visitor information found in paper or electronic documents . ''
Government lawyers filed their statement Wednesday in response to Freedom of Information Act lawsuit , filed by CREW , the National Security Archive and the Knight First Amendment Institute at Columbia University .
The lawsuit so far has produced just 22 names — members of Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's traveling party on their official visit in February .
Then-President Barack Obama began routinely releasing White House visitor logs in 2009 , after CREW sued . Obama set exceptions for national security or a `` necessarily confidential nature , '' like meeting with nominees .
Trump stopped the White House disclosures . Administration lawyers argue that records on presidential visitors should be broadly exempt from the Freedom of Information Act .
In the Mar-a-Lago case , Bookbinder said , `` It appears they 're saying they found stuff , but these things are not covered by FOIA . ''
CREW and the other plaintiffs plan to file their response in a few days .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - ACT Co Ltd :
* Says it completed issuance of 2nd series unregistered and unsecured private convertible bonds worth 15 billion won
Source text in Korean : goo.gl/K1mung
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
PARIS Monaco claimed back the Ligue 1 lead on Sunday when goals by Radamel Falcao and Kylian Mbappe gave them a 2-1 win at Olympique Lyonnais .
Falcao and Mbappe struck before the interval to put Monaco on 80 points from 33 games , ahead of Paris St Germain on goal difference .
French Champions PSG , who beat Montpellier 2-0 on Saturday , have played one extra game .
Nice 's slim title chances took a knock when they were held 1-1 at Toulouse , Valentin Eysseric salvaging a point for the visitors when they cancelled out Corentin Jean 's opener .
Nice are third on 74 points , with Lyon fifth on 54 .
Lyon coach Bruno Genesio , whose side qualified for the Europa League final after a penalty shootout against Besiktas in the week , fielded a second-string team who struggled in the early stages .
Monaco , who have reached the Champions League final four , went ahead in the 36th minute when Falcao headed home from six metres in a packed area .
Mbappe struck , too , just before halftime with a low shot after being set up by Bernardo Silva 's through pass . Lucas Tousart pulled one back in the 51st with a header from Memphis Depay 's corner .
Earlier , the game between St Etienne and Stade Rennais was interrupted after local fans managed to get into the stadium where the match was being played behind closed doors . Referee Ruddy Buquet sent the players to the dressing-room in the 16th minute .
The fans left the stadium quietly after some 15 minutes and the players came back on to the pitch .
The game , which ended 1-1 , was being played behind closed doors after St Etienne were sanctioned for crowd trouble during a derby against arch rivals Lyon in February .
( Editing by Clare Fallon )
MANILA May 2 There is still a 50 percent chance that controversial Philippines Environment Secretary Regina Lopez will be confirmed in their current job , the head of a congressional committee said on Tuesday after it concluded hearings .
`` It 's still a 50-50 chance for Gina , '' Senator Manny Pacquiao told reporters , referring to the minister by their nickname .
Lawmakers will vote on Wednesday on whether to confirm or reject Lopez as environment minister . They have angered the mining industry after ordering the closure of more than half of the Philippines ' mines in February to protect water resources .
`` It 's difficult to say how the voting will go tomorrow . There are those who are in favor of them and there are those against her , '' Pacquiao said .
( Reporting by Enrico dela Cruz ; Writing by Manolo Serapio Jr. ; Editing by Richard Pullin )
LONDON Bitcoin surged to an all-time high above $ 1,400 ( £1084 ) on Tuesday , after more than tripling in value over the past year , with its most recent rise attributed to strong demand in Japan , where the digital currency has been deemed a legal means of payment .
Cryptocompare , a data website that analyses bitcoin trading across dozens of exchanges globally , said around 50 percent of trading volume over the past 24 hours had been on the bitcoin/Japanese yen exchange rate .
`` The Japanese have recently warmed their approach towards bitcoin by treating it legally as a form of payment - a ratification and bringing into the regulatory fold , '' said Charles Hayter , the website 's founder .
`` China 's clampdown on exchanges can also be seen as a positive move for the industry too , '' they added .
Chinese authorities have increased scrutiny of exchanges this year and have forced them to start charging trading fees , after becoming concerned about bitcoin speculation and its potential use in money laundering .
Bitcoin surged as much as 3 percent on Tuesday on the Europe-based Bitstamp exchange , where trading is dollar-denominated , to hit $ 1,437 BTC=BTSP , its highest since its 2008 launch . That marked a more than 200 percent increase from its price in early May last year .
Its current levels put the total value of all bitcoins in circulation - the so-called `` market cap '' - close to $ 25 billion , putting its worth on a par with a large-cap company .
Bitcoin analysts said the price had also been boosted by a request by the BATS exchange that the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission review its March decision not to approve a bitcoin-tracking ETF set up by the Winklevoss brothers .
( Reporting by Jemima Kelly , editing by Nigel Stephenson )
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria , Iraq , Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA , June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East , with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years , the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday .
Ducati MotoGP rider Andrea Dovizioso of Italy rides during the Japanese Grand Prix at the Twin Ring Motegi circuit in Motegi , north of Tokyo , Japan , October 11 , 2015 .
( Reuters ) - Ducati 's Andrea Dovizioso held off MotoGP points leader Marc Marquez to claim their third victory of the season at the Austrian Grand Prix on Sunday .
Italian Dovizioso , who started on a soft rear tyre , took the lead with seven laps to the finish line and maintained a slender advantage over Honda riders Marquez and Dani Pedrosa , who completed the podium .
Dovizioso 's teammate Jorge Lorenzo finished fourth despite taking an early lead in dry conditions at the Red Bull Ring , while Johann Zarco finished fifth .
Yamaha endured a disappointing afternoon with Maverick Vinales and Valentino Rossi taking the sixth and seventh spot , respectively .
Alvaro Bautista secured an eighth-placed finish for Aspar Ducati , with Avintia Ducati 's Loris Baz ended ninth .
KTM wildcard Mika Kallio beat last year 's winner Andrea Iannone to the 10th spot .
Marquez leads the championship standings with 174 points , 16 ahead of second-placed Dovizioso . Vinales slipped to third spot with 150 points , followed by Rossi on 141 .
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday . Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports , and can not vouch for their accuracy :
A street is decorated with Turkish flags during a rally for the upcoming referendum in the Kurdish-dominated southeastern city of Diyarbakir , Turkey , April 1 , 2017 . REUTERS/Murad Sezer
BERLIN At least 262 Turkish diplomats and army personnel have applied for asylum in Germany since a failed July coup that Turkey blames on supporters of a U.S.-based cleric , a spokesperson for the German Interior Ministry said on Monday .
The number of Turkish citizens seeking asylum in Germany rose dramatically after the failed coup and Turkey has warned its NATO ally to reject applications from soldiers it suspects of having links to exiled cleric Fethullah Gulen .
Annegret Korff , a German Interior Ministry spokesperson , said 151 applicants had diplomatic passports and 111 had no-fee passports , which are issued by governments to military personnel and other civil servants who are on official travel assignments .
They did not specify whether the 262 also included diplomats ' families , who would also have diplomatic status .
`` Those figures are not actually statistically sound because they are based on the voluntary statements of the asylum applicants , '' Korff told a regular government news conference , suggesting the real number could be higher .
Tensions are running high between the two NATO allies ahead of a referendum in Turkey next month that proposes expanding the powers of President Tayyip Erdoğan . Germany infuriated Turkey by cancelling several campaign rallies by Turkish ministers on German soil , drawing accusations from Turkey of `` Nazi '' tactics .
The German government said in December that 5,166 Turkish citizens had applied for asylum in the first 11 months of last year , compared with 1,767 applications received in the whole of 2015 . Some 80 percent of the applicants were ethnic Kurds .
Turkish Defence Minister Fikri Isik urged Germany in January to reject asylum applications from 40 mostly high-ranking former soldiers suspected by Ankara of having links to the coup .
Following the July 15 coup , Turkey has arrested more than 40,000 people and sacked or suspended more than 100,000 in the military , civil service and private sector .
( Reporting by Joseph Nasr ; editing by Ralph Boulton )
March 29 Intec Pharma Ltd :
* Intec Pharma provides update on phase III accordance study of the accordion pill carbidopa/levodopa in parkinson 's disease patients
* Intec Pharma Ltd says also reported that patients who have completed accordance study have continued into open-label extension portion of trial
* Says company expects to complete enrollment in accordance study in Q4 of 2017
* Intec Pharma-current pace of patients recruitment in accordance study , reduction in study 's sample size enabled reducing expected number of study 's clinical sites Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
March 31 Coolpad Group Ltd :
* At request of company , trading in shares of company on stock exchange will be halted with effect from 9:00 a.m. on 31 March 2017 Source text ( bit.ly/2noXqUF ) Further company coverage :
April 4 Capitaland Ltd :
* Targets 10,000 serviced residence units in South America in next five years
* Sets its sights to expand in Brazil , Argentina , Chile and Mexico
* Ascott advances into South America with its first two franchise properties in Brazil
* Serviced residence business unit , Ascott Ltd breaks into South America with franchise agreements for two serviced residences in Brazil
* Two serviced residences are scheduled to open in last quarter of this year and 2020 respectively
* Ascott and Vitacon also signed agreement with an intent to establish a portfolio of at least 5,000 Citadines- branded units in São Paulo Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
March 31Synthesis Electronic Technology Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 60 percent to 90 percent , or to be 5.2 million yuan to 6.2 million yuan , compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 ( 3.2 million yuan )
* Says increased revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/BnlbqW
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
STOCKHOLM Julian Assange 's lawyer has requested a Swedish court rescind a detention order against the WikiLeaks founder over an alleged rape and allow them to go to Ecuador to be safe from extradition to the United States .
Assange , 45 , has been holed up in the Ecuadorean Embassy in London since 2012 , after taking refuge there to avoid extradition to Sweden over allegations of rape , which they deny .
They fear Sweden would in turn hand them over to the United States to face prosecution over WikiLeaks ' publication of thousands of classified military and diplomatic documents in one of the largest information leaks in U.S. history .
Lawyer Per Samuelson said the United States had now openly said it wants to arrest Assange . `` Given that the U.S. is obviously hunting them now , they have to make use of their political asylum and it is Sweden 's duty to make sure that Sweden is no longer a reason for that fact they have to stay in the embassy , '' Samuelson said .
`` If they rescind the detention order , there is a possibility they can go to Ecuador and then they can use political asylum in an entire country . ''
CIA Director Mike Pompeo last month called WikiLeaks a `` hostile intelligence service '' , and Attorney General Jeff Sessions , responding to a question about Assange , said the administration was stepping up its efforts against all leaks of sensitive information .
`` Whenever a case can be made , we will seek to put some people in jail , '' Sessions said .
Samuelson said Sweden 's Supreme Court had previously rejected a similar request for the detention order to be torn up on the grounds that there was little chance that Assange would be handed over to the United States .
`` With the Supreme Court 's own reasoning , their detention should now be rescinded because we can now prove that the U.S. is hunting Julian Assange , '' they said .
They said it was unreasonable to demand that they should give up the 100 percent security of political asylum in Ecuador in exchange for the lower protection given by Swedish rules on extradition to the United States .
Samuelson said they expected the High Court to consider the request in the next few weeks .
Assange was questioned in November in Ecuador 's London embassy over the alleged rape , and Sweden is now considering whether to proceed with its preliminary investigation . The offence is alleged to have occurred in 2010 .
Samuelson said Swedish prosecutors would still be able to pursue their investigation against Assange even were they to be allowed to go to Ecuador .
`` If they want to charge them and go to trial , that can happen just as well with them at liberty in Ecuador since that 's the only place they can be , '' Samuelson said .
`` It does not mean there would be any disadvantage to Sweden . ''
( Reporting by Simon Johnson ; Editing by Mark Trevelyan )
RIDE-sharing Uber Systems Inc. ( Uber ) wo n't be available to commuters starting this Tuesday , a day after the Land Transportation Franchising and Regulatory Board ( LTFRB ) suspended its operations .
The LTFRB meted out a one-month suspension on the transportation networking company ( TNC ) after it allegedly defied an order to stop accepting booking applications pending the results of talks between TNCs and the government-run agency .
It cited at least three Uber vehicles that were allowed to operate despite the notice .
In a statement on Monday , Uber said that it would study the LTFRB ruling .
READ : LTFRB suspends Uber for a month
In its directive on Monday , the LTFRB ordered Uber “ to cease and desist operations of their online booking application during the period of suspension . ”
Before this , the LTFRB fined Uber and rival Grab P5 million each , for operating around 50,000 vehicles without any permits .
After the government agency announced the suspension , commuters took to social media to express their anger , arguing that the suspension would be a “ hassle for commuters . ”
However , there were others who expressed their approval for LTFRB 's decision to suspend Uber “ for violating the rules . ”
TIMMINS -
NEOMA has voted to follow the path of most health units in the province , making its concerns heard about the possible change in health unit boundaries .
Timmins city councillor Pat Bamford spoke about the issue during a Friday meeting of NEOMA ( Northeastern Ontario Municipal Association ) .
“ This should concern all municipalities , because quite frankly , you 're paying 25 % of the cost of promoting public health in the region , ” said Bamford . “ Likely , that will go up because of the change of formula , to probably close to 30 % or higher .
“ Of course , as municipalities , we 're concerned about the health of our people . ”
An expert panel recommended to the Government of Ontario that public health unit boundaries be rearranged . Bamford 's description of the new boundaries brought laughs from NEOMA members .
The Northeast 's new health unit would go “ halfway to Toronto and halfway to Ottawa , ” extending to the northern boundary of the province .
They described the new boundaries as a super-board .
“ If this went to the super-board , we might get lucky to have one rep , and how does the staff now relate to , let 's say , Val Rita , Hearst , particular conditions or circumstances that may arise in those communities , ” said Bamford .
“ Virtually all the health units in Ontario expressed a major concern and wrote letters of opposition to the government about the new boundaries , including those in southern Ontario . ”
Sue Perras , a councillor for Smooth Rock Falls and a member of the Porcupine Health Unit Board of Health , also voiced concerns .
“ If we went to a regional board , we would be lost in the shuffle , ” Perras said . They said small boards work well together , giving the example of Hearst 's recent request for a bilingual inspector .
“ This would never have happened if we had been a humongous board , but being a small board , we worked together and they ended up finding a bilingual inspector . It would never happen in a super-board , ” they said .
At its Oct. 27 meeting , the PHU Board of Health moved to express its concerns about the new boundary plan , asking the province to clarify what it was trying to address with the recommendations and to consider alternative options .
The motion argued that there was no clear evidence to justify the change , that regionalization would result in reduced municipal connections that are “ integral to public health ” and that the cost of a major restructuring would be “ substantial . ”
“ The majority of the work of public health occurs outside the health care system , with these strong municipal and local connections ; and embedding public health within the health care system risks the responsiveness and autonomy of public health to protect and promote the health of our communities , ” stated the motion .
The PHU wrote a letter to Eric Hoskins , the minister of health and long-term care on Oct. 31 .
“ The recommendation to regionalize Ontario 's 36 health units into 14 larger public health entities risks losing the very strength of public health in Ontario , ” argued the letter .
“ Overall , the PHU is deeply concerned by the magnitude of changes recommended by the panel , ” it continued .
Timmins-James Bay MPP Gilles Bisson told The Daily Press in September that there was n't a lot of movement on the recommendations , which were made over the summer .
“ I 'm hoping the government says , maybe this is something we do n't worry about before the election , ” they said .
WASHINGTON/NEW YORK , April 12 A former U.S. Treasury official in the George W. Bush administration , a veteran banking lawyer , and a Harvard professor are three leading candidates as the Trump administration looks to fill the post of Federal Reserve vice chair in charge of banking oversight , people familiar with the matter said .
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin told the Wall Street Journal on Wednesday that the administration was `` very close '' to filling the regulatory post , which will play a critical role in President Donald Trump 's efforts to revamp regulation of the financial sector .
Randal Quarles , who worked as under secretary for domestic fiance at the Treasury under President George W. Bush , met with Mnuchin and Gary Cohn , Trump 's director of the National Economic Council , last week to discuss the role , four sources told Reuters .
Quarles , along with corporate attorney Thomas Vartanian and Harvard Law professor Hal Scott , have all interviewed for the role , according to a source familiar with the talks . Several financial industry lobbyists believe Quarles to be the favorite for the position . But others say it remains unclear who the administration is favoring , and Trump could still opt for another candidate .
Quarles , Vartanian and Scott all did not respond to requests for comment . The Treasury Department and White House declined to comment .
Quarles , who worked as a partner at private equity firm the Carlyle Group , currently runs a private investment firm , the Cynosure Group , from Salt Lake City , Utah . They also served in the Treasury Department under President George H.W . Bush , and was the U.S. executive director of the International Monetary Fund .
In an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal in March 2016 , Quarles and Lawrence Goodman , another former U.S. Treasury official , argued against breaking up big banks because it risks damaging the wider economy . They have also talked about refining Obama-era financial rules , introduced in the wake of the financial crisis .
Quarles are married to Hope Eccles , and works alongside Spencer Eccles , two members of the Utah family that includes Marriner Eccles , the former Fed chairperson whose name graces the building that now houses the central bank in Washington .
Vartanian has also been mentioned as a candidate for the vice chair position . A financial services attorney for the Dechert law firm based in Washington , Vartanian has assisted large financial institutions with a host of complex transactions , and written frequently on financial rules . They recently filed a brief on behalf of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce as part of MetLife 's case against federal regulators seeking to impose stricter rules on the insurance company . They also served in President Ronald Reagan 's administration .
As director of international financial systems at Harvard Law School , Scott 's focus has been on financial firms , regulation and capital markets . Scott is director of the Committee on Capital Markets Regulation , a research group made up of financial industry representatives and academics that has been critical of financial regulations .
At Harvard , Scott also worked alongside Senator Elizabeth Warren , who has emerged as the Democratic Party 's strongest voice in favor of strict rules on the financial sector .
Speculation over who will fill the vice chair post has been intense on Wall Street and in Washington , as the open spot is widely seen as a critical position for Trump to follow through on their vows to relax rules on the financial sector . The position was created as part of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform law , but was never filled by President Barack Obama .
Chatter ramped up after the apparent favorite for the post removed their name from the running . General Electric executive David Nason withdrew their name from consideration in March , after they had been vetted for the post .
Former Fed Governor Daniel Tarullo effectively filled the role as top regulatory voice at the Fed under Obama , but they stepped down at the beginning of April . Current Fed Governor Jay Powell has taken on those issues for the time being . ( Reporting by Pete Schroeder and Olivia Oran ; Editing by Lisa Shumaker )
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Andeavor on Friday said it has acquired the Kenai liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) facility in Alaska from ConocoPhillips .
“ This acquisition further strengthens our integrated value chain by optimizing our operations in Kenai and providing low-cost fuel for our refinery , ” the company said .
Andeavor operates a 62,700 barrel-per-day refinery in Alaska .
Britain 's Prime Minister , Theresa May , greets Donald Tusk , the President of the European Council , outside 10 Downing Street , in central London , Britain April 6 , 2017 . REUTERS/Hannah McKay
Britain 's Prime Minister , Theresa May , greets Donald Tusk , the President of the European Council , outside 10 Downing Street , in central London , Britain April 6 , 2017 . REUTERS/Hannah McKay
BRUSSELS European Council President Donald Tusk and British Prime Minister Theresa May agreed to seek to lower tensions in Brexit talks , especially when dealing with `` inevitably difficult '' issues like that of Gibraltar , an EU official said .
The official said Tusk and May had a `` good and friendly '' meeting that lasted nearly two hours in London on Thursday .
`` They agreed to stay in regular contact throughout the Brexit process to keep a constructive approach and seek to lower tensions that may arise , also when talks on some issues like Gibraltar inevitably will become difficult , '' the person said under condition of anonymity .
( Reporting by Alastair Macdonald , writing by Gabriela Baczynska )
March 31 Public Disclosure Platform ( KAP )
* Shareholder applies to MKK to convert 5 million shares corresponding to 10 percent of company 's shares capital in Anel Telekomunikasyon into publicly tradable
Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Slovenia 's banks less vulnerable to risks - central bank
LJUBLJANA , June 14 Slovenian banks have become more robust and better able to withstand economic shocks three years after their bad loan problems almost pushed the country towards an international bailout , the Bank of Slovenia said its June report on financial stability on Wednesday .
The GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast ( MOAB ) bomb is pictured in this undated handout photo . Elgin Air Force Base/Handout via REUTERS
A member of Afghanistan 's special forces point their gun as they observe the enemy lines in Achin district of Nangarhar province in eastern Afghanistan April 23 , 2017 . REUTERS/Parwiz
A member of Afghan Special Forces unit walks down from a roof of a house which was used by suspected Islamic State militants at the site of a MOAB , or `` mother of all bombs '' , that struck the Achin district of the eastern province of Nangarhar , Afghanistan April 23 , 2017 . REUTERS/Parwiz
Afghan Special Forces patrol at the site of a MOAB , or `` mother of all bombs '' , which struck the Achin district of the eastern province of Nangarhar , Afghanistan April 23 , 2017 . REUTERS/Parwiz
Afghan Special Forces patrol at the site of a MOAB , or `` mother of all bombs '' , which struck the Achin district of the eastern province of Nangarhar , Afghanistan April 23 , 2017 . REUTERS/Parwiz
Afghan Special Forces walk down from a roof of a house which was used by suspected Islamic State militants at the site of a MOAB , or `` mother of all bombs '' , that struck the Achin district of the eastern province of Nangarhar , Afghanistan April 23 , 2017 . REUTERS/Parwiz
Afghan Special Forces keep watch at the site of a MOAB , or `` mother of all bombs '' , which struck the Achin district of the eastern province of Nangarhar , Afghanistan April 23 , 2017 . REUTERS/Parwiz
Afghan Special Forces patrol at the site of a MOAB , or `` mother of all bombs '' , which struck the Achin district of the eastern province of Nangarhar , Afghanistan April 23 , 2017 . REUTERS/Parwiz
Burn trees are seen the site of a MOAB , or `` mother of all bombs '' , which struck the Achin district of the eastern province of Nangarhar , Afghanistan April 23 , 2017 . REUTERS/Parwiz
Burn trees are seen the site of a MOAB , or `` mother of all bombs '' , which struck the Achin district of the eastern province of Nangarhar , Afghanistan April 23 , 2017 . REUTERS/Parwiz
Afghan Special Forces patrol at the site of a MOAB , or `` mother of all bombs '' , which struck the Achin district of the eastern province of Nangarhar , Afghanistan April 23 , 2017 . REUTERS/Parwiz
ACHIN DISTRICT , Afghanistan The remote site in eastern Afghanistan where the U.S. military dropped its largest non-nuclear bomb ever deployed in combat earlier this month bears signs of the weapon 's power , but little evidence of how much material and human damage it inflicted .
Reuters photos and video footage - some of the first images from journalists allowed to get close to the site - reveal a scarred mountainside , burned trees and some ruined mud-brick structures .
They did not offer any clues as to the number of casualties or their identities .
Since the GBU-43 Massive Ordnance Air Blast bomb was dropped on a fortified tunnel complex used by suspected Islamic State fighters in Nangarhar province , access to the site has been controlled by U.S. forces who are battling the militant group alongside Afghan troops .
The U.S. military has said that ongoing fighting had prevented media or independent investigators from visiting the site , and Afghan soldiers said special forces from both countries were still engaging the enemy in the area .
A Reuters witness viewed the site from several hundred yards ( metres ) away , because of what troops they were accompanying said were continued threats in the area .
While the 21,600-pound ( 9,797-kg ) GBU-43 is billed as the U.S. military 's most powerful non-nuclear bomb , its destructive power , equivalent to 11 tonnes of TNT , pales in comparison with the relatively small atomic bombs dropped on Japan at the end of World War Two .
They had blasts equivalent to between 15,000 and 20,000 tonnes of TNT .
Within a few hundred feet of the apparent blast site , leaves remained intact on trees , belying initial expectations that the explosion may have sent a destructive blast wave for up to a mile .
Afghan officials have said nearly 100 militants and no civilians were killed , but the remoteness of the area , the presence of Islamic State fighters , and , more recently , American security forces , has left those claims unverified .
U.S. commanders said the bomb was used to target a tunnel complex and destroy landmines and other booby traps laid by Islamic State militants holed up in the mountains .
No obvious crater or bodies were visible at the scene , according to the Reuters witness .
TUNNELS INTACT NEARBY
Several hundred yards from the strike , Afghan soldiers explored a large tunnel dug beneath a home .
The entrance within the home descended into tunnels large enough for a person to stand in upright , strung with electric cables and light bulbs and strewn with rugs , cushions , and men 's clothes and shoes .
One cave was said to have once held prisoners , but was unused at the time of the strike , according to soldiers at the scene .
U.S. Secretary of Defense James Mattis told reporters on Thursday that U.S. troops would not be digging into the site to determine how many people may have been killed .
`` Frankly digging into tunnels to count dead bodies is probably not a good use of our troops ' time when they are chasing down the enemy that is still capable , '' they said .
The strike came as President Donald Trump declared a focus on Islamic State , and was part of a larger operation to clear Islamic State militants from their strongholds in the mountains along the border between Afghanistan and Pakistan .
In March , U.S. forces conducted 79 `` counter-terror strikes '' against Islamic State in Nangarhar , killing as many as 200 militants , according to the U.S. military command in Kabul .
U.S. military officials estimate there are about 600 to 800 Islamic State fighters in Afghanistan , mostly in Nangarhar , but also in the neighbouring province of Kunar .
Taliban militants , meanwhile , remain the dominant insurgent group in Afghanistan .
A Taliban attack on a large Afghan army headquarters in the north of the country on Friday killed more than 140 soldiers , in what is believed to be the deadliest single attack on Afghan forces since the Taliban were ousted in 2001 .
( Writing by Josh Smith ; Editing by Mike Collett-White )
U.S. mortgage bonds hold gains after details on Fed balance sheet plan
NEW YORK , June 14 Prices on U.S. mortgage-backed securities clung to their earlier gains on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve signaled it planned to reduce its reinvestments in Treasuries and MBS later this year in a bid to shrink its $ 4.5 trillion balance sheet .
Uber 's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc , the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes .
May 2 Orbital insight :
* Orbital Insight announces $ 50 million investment led by Sequoia to scale satellite and drone imagery analysis
* Orbital Insight says the latest round brings four-year-old company 's total funding to $ 78.7 million Source text for Eikon :
Security officials gather near the site of an explosion , near vehicles taking part in census , in Lahore , Pakistan , April 5 , 2017 . REUTERS/Mohsin Raza
Forensic experts search for evidence at the site of an explosion , near vehicles taking part in census , in Lahore , Pakistan , April 5 , 2017 . REUTERS/Mohsin Raza
LAHORE , Pakistan The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for a suicide attack on an army census team that killed at least six people and wounded 18 in the eastern Pakistani city of Lahore on Wednesday .
Punjab government spokesperson Malik Ahmed Khan said the blast , which hit an army vehicle taking part in Pakistan 's first census in nearly two decades , killed four soldiers and two civilians .
Scores of people have been killed since the beginning of the year in a series of attacks that have dashed hopes of an end to the violence of recent years and stepped up pressure on Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif 's government to improve security .
TV footage showed security personnel blocking off the street around the site of the explosion , close to an elite police training school which was the site of a Pakistani Taliban attack in 2009 .
The apparent targeting of personnel involved in the census , the first in 19 years , underlined the challenge to government institutions in Pakistan , a nuclear-armed state of some 200 million people .
The army has been closely involved in the census , with soldiers accompanying civilian enumerators , a move authorities say is needed to prevent collectors being intimidated by local political figures trying to slant sensitive population data in their areas .
Pakistan army chief General Qamar Javed Bajwa said the census would be completed `` at any cost '' .
`` These sacrifices will only strengthen our resolve and with the support of entire nation we will cleanse the menace of terrorism from our soil , '' they said in a statement .
Lahore , Pakistan 's second-largest city and capital of the Punjab region , was already on high alert following a bomb attack last month that killed at least 13 people .
Muhammad Khurassani , a spokesperson for Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) , a banned Islamist movement often called the Pakistani Taliban , issued a statement claiming responsibility .
The spate of attacks has ratcheted up tensions with neighbouring Afghanistan , which some Pakistani officials accuse of sheltering TTP militants . Afghanistan 's government , in its turn , accuses Islamabad of aiding the Afghan Taliban , a charge Pakistan denies .
( Additional reporting by Saud Mehsud , Saad Sayeed , Raza Hassan ; Writing by James Mackenzie ; Editing by Paul Tait and Nick Macfie )
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $ 5.8 bln
HONG KONG , June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $ 5.8 billion , to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio .
DORTMUND , Germany , April 12 Singing , munching Bratwurst sausages and swilling beer , Borussia Dortmund fans put on a show of defiance on Wednesday as they poured into their home stadium for their match against AS Monaco , postponed after an attack on the team bus a day earlier .
But the sea of fans , decked out in the team 's black and yellow colours and accompanied by an increased police presence , could not quite shake off a feeling of shock after Tuesday 's attack in which Spanish defender Marc Bartra was injured .
`` We 're down about what has happened , '' said Christoph Lewe , 51 , who had travelled from nearby Essen with their 12-year-old son , Alexander , to the Champions League match . `` But we 'll be pleased if we win . ''
Earlier , German authorities arrested a suspected Islamist in connection with what Chancellor Angela Merkel called the `` despicable '' attack on the bus , in which three explosions went off as the Dortmund players made their way to the stadium .
The chancellor , who takes a keen interest in the fortunes of Germany 's national soccer team , also praised Dortmund fans for taking in AS Monaco supporters overnight so they could stay on for the postponed match .
The solidarity prevailed as the two teams entered the stadium and prepared for the quarter-final match , with fans from the two teams drinking together and hugging each other .
`` We 're not just playing tonight for ourselves . We 're playing for everyone ! '' Borussia Dortmund 's managing director Hans-Joachim Watzke said in a tweet .
Inside the stadium , the Dortmund team warmed up wearing shirts bearing a picture of Bartra , who earlier said they were `` doing much better '' after surgery on a wrist injury sustained in the blasts .
Police , who banned backpacks from the Dortmund stadium , stepped up security for the rescheduled match and for a second Champions League quarter-final between Bayern Munich and Real Madrid .
Some fans of AS Monaco , which neighbours the southern French city of Nice where 86 people were killed in an Islamist attack last summer , were more relaxed than Dortmund supporters .
`` In France , we know this , '' said Monaco supporter Pierre Calmon , 50 , from Toulouse , who was attending the match with their son , 16-year-old Thomas . `` We are pleased to spend another day in Germany . ''
Earlier , a spokesperson for the Federal Prosecutor 's Office , which handles probes into suspected terrorism , said the explosive devices had contained strips of metal .
Spokeswoman Frauke Koehler said investigators had found three letters near the scene , all with the same content suggesting a possible Islamist motive .
( Writing by Paul Carrel ; Editing by Angus MacSwan )
The Philippines ' strong ranking in a recent study of health governance should attract more investment in research and development , although some reforms are still needed , health officials said .
In a recent study by the Brookings Institution “ Private Sector Global Health Care R & D project , ” the Philippines ranked eighth among countries with quality healthcare governance to create potential foreign investment opportunities in developing R & D .
Based in Washington DC , Brookings Institution is a nonprofit public policy organization that conducts in-depth social research to create new ideas and studies in specific fields with global impact .
In “ Health Governance Capacity : Enhancing Private Sector Investment in Global Health , ” the research examined the quality of healthcare governance of 18 low- and middle-income African and Asian countries , including the Philippines . Authors of the research study Darrell West , John Villasenor , and Jake Schneider said that good governance is a fundamental condition for global health investment . “ It conditions the overall environment in which both public and private sector health investment takes place , ” the study said .
The Philippines received an overall score of 69 percent , broken down into a 45 percent grade in terms of leadership and capacity , 60 percent in effective policy making and implementations , 85 percent in terms of regulations , 70 percent in infrastructure and financing , and 85 percent in health systems .
Dr. Eric Tayag , Assistant Secretary of the Department of Health ( DOH ) told The Manila Times that this is a great opportunity for the Philippines to bring out its best efforts in health research and development . It opens pipelines for foreign investment support and develops its health infrastructures towards progressive and competitive health care in worldwide perspective .
“ The report posits having good health governance as a key element in pushing forward private sector engagement and investments in R & D , a necessary driver of health outcomes and then economic progress .
Health gains in the past century emanated from many private enterprise explorations with government exploiting their benefits , ” Tayag said .
Despite the fact that the country had an unexpected low score in policies dimension , specifically in the indicator for immunization coverage ( a score of 1 out of a possible 4 points ) , Tayag thought that the authors of the research had it wrong , or the standards were set too high for this indicator . But still , they expressed a positive view that the country is exerting its best effort to make nationwide campaigns on immunizations to fight certain diseases through effective vaccinations .
Philippine Medical Association ( PMA ) President Dr. Irineo Bernardo III claimed that the country is doing in-depth research in pharmacological products especially in developing molecules on the use of phytochemicals from plants with medicinal properties , since alternative approaches in the field of medicine are being considered more frequently . They suggested that this unique venture in medical sciences would boost the country 's image globally in using alternative medical interventions .
But Bernardo also said that the country still lacks competence , as it faces several challenges in finance , facilities , practices , and accreditations in the midst of progressing healthcare environment in South East Asia .
“ We have the capability and resources to be competitive but there is a need to redesign our healthcare organization or system so that the ‘ health leader ' will have an easier way of getting the ‘ health care team ' into action and towards the attainment of the National Health Plan , ” Bernardo toldThe Manila Times .
Local industries should still be protected with the reality that foreign investments in health research and development would enter the country , Bernardo added .
“ Local investors should first be assured that they will enjoy the same treatment or opportunities granted to their foreign counterparts , ” they stressed .
Challenges and opportunities for PH
The Philippines is still experiencing problems in terms of restrictive regulatory laws and licensure standards , which is why local investors are hesitant to invest in health care , Bernardo said , pointing out that only about four or five percent of the hospitals in the Philippines are accredited internationally .
“ Politics is one of the reasons some investors are shying away from investing in some areas . Information technology is still wanting in some , if not many parts of the country , ” Bernardo added .
But DOH Asec . Tayag is optimistic for the country 's potential to attract increased investments , despite the challenges of Philippine health care . They stressed it is paramount to seek these investors rather than waiting and just being passive recipients .
“ Future projects should focus on cheaper technologies waiting to be tapped to address the country 's emerging threats like HIV , antimicrobial resistance , lifestyle diseases and disaster response , ” Tayag said .
Public research agencies are important in assuring that the country is doing its best effort in research and services to the public . But private sectors also play a large role in giving appropriate finances as a source of investment in providing healthcare innovation , they added .
Medical science research in the Philippines would be on par with the world if the country 's medical industry would revisit the health system and institute , without delay , the needed changes to make the Philippines truly globally competitive , PMA President Bernardo asserted .
STANLEY GAJETE
South Africa 's President Jacob Zuma reacts during a rally following the launch of a social housing project in Pietermaritzburg , South Africa , April 1 , 2017 . REUTERS/Rogan Ward
JOHANNESBURG Senior members of the ruling African National Congress met on Monday to discuss the political fallout from South African President Jacob Zuma 's controversial sacking of their finance minister and markets showed their displeasure at the move .
The ratings agency Standard and Poor 's quickly weighed in with some downgrades and the rand fell about 2 percent at the start of trade .
Zuma faces a confrontation with other leaders of the ruling ANC after they dismissed the internationally respected Pravin Gordhan at midnight on Thursday . The sacking threatens to split the upper echelons of the ANC down the middle .
S & P downgraded South Africa 's sovereign debt to junk , to BB+ from BBB- , and said : `` In our opinion , the executive changes initiated by President Zuma have put at risk fiscal and growth outcomes . ''
The rand , after its two percent fall , later recovered to trade 0.5 percent weaker , as the market factored in the strong resistance to Zuma . Government bonds also weakened .
The firing of Gordhan drew public criticism from Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa , ANC Secretary General Gwede Mantashe and Treasurer-General Zweli Mkhize before Monday 's regular meetings of the party leadership .
Analysts suggest those meetings could set up a showdown between Zuma and some of the party 's leaders . If so , Zuma still has the support of Chairwoman Baleka Mbete and Deputy Secretary-General Jessie Duarte , marking a straight split among the party 's `` Top Six '' leaders , sources said .
Spokesman Zizi Kodwa said the meeting of the `` Top Six '' was still taking place and the party 's National Working Committee would meet on Tuesday before a decision was taken on how to handle the fallout from the sacking of Gordhan .
`` The ANC must remain and it must emerge stronger than it was last week , '' Kodwa said , but declined to give further details .
An important signal will be whether the party calls for an early meeting of its National Executive Committee ( NEC ) . The committee is the only body that can remove the leader of the party , other than its party congress , which occurs only every five years .
In November , Zuma defeated a no-confidence vote at a meeting of the executive committee , which was called after an anti-graft agency asked for an investigation of alleged influence-peddling by the wealthy Gupta family , whom Zuma has called their friends . Zuma and the Guptas have denied any wrongdoing .
Any such meeting by the NEC `` is the much more important event for markets to focus on , '' Nomura analyst Peter Attard Montalto said .
The opposition leader Mmusi Maimane , head of the Democratic Alliance , has called for a no-confidence vote against Zuma . On Monday , they urged South Africans `` to join this Friday 's march for change '' against Zuma in the commercial hub of Johannesburg .
A handful of protesters from civil society groups gathered outside the Treasury in the capital Pretoria to criticise Zuma 's sacking of Gordhan .
The new finance minister , Malusi Gigaba , said they would pursue `` tough and unpopular choices '' to help a flagging economy .
( Reporting by James Macharia ; Editing by Stephen Powell )
A screen displays the ticker information for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV at the post where it 's traded on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) in New York City , U.S. , January 12 , 2016 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
The General Motors CAMI car assembly plant , where the GMC Terrain and Chevrolet Equinox are built , is seen in Ingersoll , Ontario , Canada , January 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Geoff Robins
TORONTO Automakers sold a record number of vehicles in Canada during March , with General Motors Canada ( GM.N ) leading in sales volume and posting its best monthly sales performance since 2008 .
Overall Canadian sales were driven by an 11.1 percent increase in consumer demand for pickups and sport utility vehicles during the month , which more than offset a 0.3 percent dip in passenger car sales .
Carmakers sold 187,540 vehicles last month , a 7.1 percent increase over the same period last year , which at the time was the best March since 1988 , according to industry data from Desrosiers Automotive Consultants .
Sales growth for the first three months of 2017 was 4.6 percent .
GM Canada , which makes Chevrolet and GMC vehicles , reported double-digit sales growth , selling 30,115 total vehicles in March , an increase of 22.9 percent from a year ago when it sold 24,498 cars and trucks .
Fiat Chrysler Automobiles ( FCHA.MI ) ( FCAU.N ) , which makes Dodge and Chrysler brands , posted a marginal sales rise , with 26,531 cars and trucks sold during the month , compared with 26,469 a year ago .
Ford Motor Co ( F.N ) sold a total of 26,487 cars and trucks in Canada last month , up from 26,447 , a 0.2 percent rise .
In the United States , monthly figures came in below market expectations , adding to concerns that the boom in U.S. auto sales may be waning . Shares of the three big automakers fell on Monday , with FCA falling nearly 5 percent , GM down 3.4 percent , and Ford closing 1.7 percent lower .
Other automakers also reported a significant increase in Canadian sales , including Nissan Motor Co Ltd ( 7201.T ) , which sold 14,523 vehicles , representing a 26.7 percent jump . Honda Canada ( 7267.T ) reported an 18.7 percent rise , selling 17,392 vehicles .
( Reporting by Solarina Ho ; Editing by Matthew Lewis )
May 2 A Brown Company Inc
* Clarifies on `` DENR 's Lopez Bans Open-Pit Mining '' in Manila Bulletin ( internet edition ) news article
* Co will not be affected by the DERN administrative order Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
MILAN , Dec 10 ( Reuters ) - Chievo goalkeeper Stefano Sorrentino produced a memorable double save to frustrate AS Roma while fading Napoli were held at home by Fiorentina as Serie A 's weekend of 0-0 draws continued on Sunday .
Sorrentino defied Patrik Schick and then Gerson in quick succession to cap an outstanding performance in their goalless stalemate .
Napoli 's draw , which followed the previous week 's 1-0 defeat to Juventus , was the first time they had failed to score in successive league games in Maurizio Sarri 's two-and-a-half seasons as coach .
Inter Milan , still unbeaten , lead with 40 points from 16 games after they also drew 0-0 away to titleholders Juventus on Saturday . Napoli is a point behind in second , followed by Juve on 38 and Roma in fourth on 35 .
Roma dominated their match but found Sorrentino in unbeatable form . The highlight came when the 38-year-old parried the ball at point-blank range after Schick deflected Aleksandar Kolarov 's drive with a back-heel . Sorrentino then also managed to block Gerson 's effort from the rebound .
They also made a point-blank save by Maxime Gonalons in the second half , stopped another powerful Kolarov effort and then managed to block a deflected Schick effort with their leg -- all after Roberto Inglese had hit the bar for Chievo early on .
Piotr Zielinski had Napoli 's best chances when they fired over the crossbar from a good position and then saw another shot turned onto the post by Fiorentina goalkeeper Marco Sportiello .
Marek Hamsik hit the post from the edge of the area and Dries Mertens missed another good chance as Napoli 's usually lethal finishing let them down .
There were plenty of goals , however , at SPAL who scored twice in the final five minutes to draw 2-2 at home to Verona .
Alessio Cerci , from a penalty , and Martin Caceres netted after halftime for the visitors but Alberto Paloschi pulled one back in the 86th minute and Mirco Antenucci converted the second penalty of the match two minutes later .
Benevento , who picked up their first point of the season at home to AC Milan one week ago , went back to their losing ways in a 2-0 defeat at Udinese , leaving them bottom with one point from 16 games . ( Writing by Brian Homewood in Bern , editing by Neil Robinson )
TOKYO , April 5 Westinghouse Electric Co replaced its chairperson two days before the U.S. nuclear construction unit of Japan 's Toshiba Corp filed for bankruptcy last week , as it tries to draw a line under the travails of a business that has cost it billions .
Toshiba 's spokesperson said Westinghouse chairperson Danny Roderick was replaced by Mamoru Hatazawa , chief of Toshiba 's nuclear division , on March 27 . Hatazawa 's role would be temporary , until a new management comes in , they added .
Roderick , the driving force behind Toshiba 's nuclear ambition , joined Pittsburgh-based Westinghouse as chief executive in September 2012 from a nuclear joint venture between General Electric and Hitachi Ltd .
In an interview with Reuters in 2015 , Roderick said they were `` pretty confident '' in achieving Westinghouse 's goal of winning orders to construct 64 reactors worldwide over the next 15 years .
But billions of dollars of cost overruns at four nuclear reactors under construction in the U.S. Southeast pushed Westinghouse into bankruptcy and resulted in a net loss of $ 9 billion at Toshiba . ( Reporting by Makiko Yamazaki )
click to enlarge ERIC WOOLSEY
Like everyone in Life Sucks , Sonia ( Katy Keating ) wants what they ca n't have , in this case Dr. Aster ( Jeff Cummings ) .
, Aaron Posner 's modern reworking of Anton Chekhov 's , has an oddly off-putting opening scene . The cast gathers on stage to collectively declaim a hunk of exposition about the nature and content of the play , which is delivered in a `` is n't this cute and different '' manner . That sense of preciousness resurfaces every time one of the actors explains what the next scene will be about , or asks the audience a question that does n't really require a response.The New Jewish Theatre 's current production of the play is heavy on the self-pity , to the detriment of everything else . There are brief moments of joy , but too few to save it from a feeling of ponderous negativity that quickly become cloying.Perhaps the neediness of the first scene is meant to reflect the neediness of the seven characters , all of whom are struggling for something unattainable . Bunched up together in a country house , they talk and yearn and fight and regret . Nobody has what they want and everybody 's unhappy.Vanya ( Christopher Harris ) wants the love of their former mentor 's wife , Ella ( Julie Layton ) , who does n't reciprocate their feelings . Ella wants to be happy in their May-December marriage to the Professor ( Greg Johnston ) , but their pompous nature makes them insufferable . Sonia ( Katy Keating ) wants the love of family friend Dr. Aster ( Jeff Cummings ) , but they want Ella . Pickles ( Michelle Hand ) still wants the love of their life , who left years ago . The Professor wants to sell the house and retire . All of them lament to anyone who will listen that `` life sucks ' ; it 's said so many times that you suspect Posner either copyrighted it or is worried you did n't catch the title of the show . Only Babs ( Jan Meyer ) seems content with my lot.Despite the play 's repetitive nature , some fine moments are on display . Johnston 's Professor is so arrogant and grandiloquent that they pass beyond annoying into heights of ridiculousness . Ella and Sonia 's discussion — which includes the pitfalls of great beauty and of being homely , as well as how difficult it is to be young and and deeply in love with someone who does n't notice you exist — is the first moment in the show when someone is n't thinking only of themselves . Ella opens themselves up to the younger woman , and Sonia , although not convinced , at least listens to them It 's a little island of compassion and empathy in a show that wallows in unhappiness . And Vanya 's bid to murder the Professor is hilarious and sad in equal measure.But the lasting impression left byis one of listening to a group of stoned people at a party when you 're not high . People talk endlessly about their unhappiness and the unfairness of it all , but nobody 's really listening to anybody else . And unlike a crappy party , where you can always pull an Irish goodbye , this is a conversation you ca n't easily escape .
FILE PHOTO : Russian President Vladimir Putin gestures during a joint news conference with Italian President Sergio Mattarella after their talks at the Kremlin in Moscow , Russia , April 11 , 2017 . REUTERS/Sergei Chirikov/Pool
MOSCOW Levels of trust between Moscow and Washington have deteriorated since U.S. President Donald Trump took office , Russian President Vladimir Putin said in an interview broadcast on Wednesday .
Asked about relations since Trump became president , Putin said , according to a transcript of the interview released by the Kremlin : `` One could say that the level of trust on a working level , especially on the military level , has not improved , but rather has deteriorated . ''
Asked about accusations that Syria 's government launched a chemical weapons attack in Idlib province , Putin said that Damascus had given up its chemical weapons stocks .
They said they believed there were two main explanations for the incident in Idlib province : that Syrian government air strikes had hit rebel chemical weapons stocks , releasing poisonous gas , or that the incident was a set-up designed to discredit the Syrian government .
( Reporting by Andrey Ostroukh ; Writing by Christian Lowe ; Editing by Alexander Winning )
The U.S. Capitol building is seen as the U.S. House of Representatives prepare for a planned vote on the American Health Care Act , promoted by House Republicans and the Trump administration to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act act known as Obamacare , on Capitol Hill ... REUTERS/Jim Bourg
NEW YORK Republicans mostly blame the U.S. Congress , and not President Donald Trump or party leaders , for failing to pass their party 's healthcare overhaul , according to a Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll released on Wednesday .
The March 25-28 poll asked who should take responsibility for the failure of the American Health Care Act ( AHCA ) , which Republican leaders pulled from consideration last week without a vote .
Besides Trump , who backed the bill , and House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan , who was expected to shepherd it through Congress , the poll asked if people blamed House Republicans , House Democrats or the media .
Republicans were most likely to blame Congress . Some 26 percent said House Democrats were most responsible and 23 percent blamed House Republicans . Another 13 percent blamed Trump and 10 percent blamed Ryan . Only 8 percent blamed the media . ( Graphic : tmsnrt.rs/2nhOmjI PDF link : tmsnrt.rs/2nhtM30 )
Their assessment appeared to align with Trump 's criticism of Democratic leaders and the conservative Freedom Caucus , whom they blamed for the bill 's failure .
Overall , nearly one in four Americans , including Democrats and independents , blamed Trump . Ryan , Congress and the media received less criticism .
The Republican reform was widely criticized after estimates by the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office showed 24 million people could lose their health insurance over the next 10 years .
Trump said on Tuesday they still think healthcare reform can happen `` very quickly '' in Washington , but they did not offer any specifics on how it could get done , or what would be changed from the previous bill .
Nearly half of all Americans said they would like to see that happen , though the response was split along party lines . Some 80 percent of Republicans said they would like to see their party take another swing at a bill , compared with only 25 percent of Democrats .
In a separate poll conducted between Jan.7-23 , 46 percent of Americans wanted to keep Obamacare , the popular name for President Barack Obama 's healthcare reform , while fixing “ problem areas , ” and another 8 percent wanted to keep it exactly as it is .
The Reuters/Ipsos poll was conducted online in English in all 50 states . The March 25-28 poll included 1,332 people , including 456 Republicans and 558 Democrats . It has a credibility interval , a measure of accuracy , of 3 percentage points for the entire group and 5 percentage points for Democrats and Republicans .
( Reporting by Chris Kahn , editing by Ross Colvin )
Nine celebrities will be trying to shed their L plates .
Coronation Street actor Mikey North and Towie star James “ Arg ” Argent are among the famous faces getting behind the wheel for a new series of All Star Driving School .
A total of nine plucky celebrity drivers will try to ditch their L plates once and for all in the 15-part E4 series .
They include singer Vanessa White , Made In Chelsea 's Victoria Baker-Harber , comedian Mark Watson , singer Tallia Storm , The Vamps ' Tristan Evans , Hollyoaks actor Ruby O'Donnell and Famalam actor Tom Moutchi .
The learners will join a specially created intensive driving school and will take part in a series of core driving skills and challenges in the Suzuki Swift .
James Argent is among the celebrities taking part in the show ( PA )
The celebrities will also be putting in additional practice sessions helped by their friends and family , who will be there to rally their loved ones on the day of their test , ready to celebrate… or commiserate .
Driving instructors Maxine , Ricky and Pells will be returning for the second series to put our learners through their paces .
Jonny Rothery , Channel 4 's commissioning editor for formats , said : “ We 're delighted to be getting back behind the wheel for another All Star Driving School .
“ Our formidable instructors are primed and ready to put another nine learners to the test . ”
The show is in partnership with Suzuki 's media agency the7stars .
© Press Association 2018
( Adds details , quotes , background )
MOSCOW , March 29 Russia 's Sberbank hopes to complete the sale of its Ukrainian subsidiary in May or June , a source with the bank said on Wednesday .
Kiev has recently imposed sanctions on Sberbank and other Russian state-owned banks operating in Ukraine as part of a broader flare-up in tensions linked to separatist regions of eastern Ukraine which are backed by Russia .
VTB , Russia 's No.2 bank , is also considering cutting its exposure to Ukraine .
Sberbank said this week it had agreed to sell its unit in Ukraine to a consortium of investors , which include Norvik Bank ( Latvia ) and a Belarussian private company .
`` We plan that ( in the ) next one to two weeks we will , together with the buyers , send the documents for approval to the regulators , three in Ukraine and one in Latvia , '' the Sberbank source said .
The majority owner of the consortium would be Said Gutseriyev and their Belarussian company , Norvik said this week .
The Sberbank source confirmed that Gutseriyev would have over 50 percent in the consortium . Said Gutseriyev is a son of Mikhail Gutseriyev , co-owner of Russian mid-sized oil producer Russneft .
Neither Sberbank nor the Sberbank source disclosed the value of the deal . Kommersant daily newspaper , citing sources , reported on Wednesday that Sberbank would receive around $ 130 million from the sale of its Ukrainian unit .
The main shareholder of Norvik Bank is Grigory Guselnikov . `` The deal will be completed with investors ' own money , not borrowed money , '' the Sberbank source said .
Sberbank hopes to close the deal in May or in June . The deal would not include VS Bank , the unit of Sberbank Europe in Ukraine which Sberbank hopes to sell in the near future , the source said .
( Reporting by Alexander Winning ; writing by Katya Golubkova and Polina Nikolskaya ; editing by Maria Kiselyova and Susan Thomas )
One of the biggest storylines from Sunday 's game was the Rams ' lack of discipline . They were flagged seven times for 102 yards , costing themselves valuable yardage on both offense and defense .
One of the biggest calls of the game came in the third quarter when Trumaine Johnson was flagged for unsportsmanlike conduct after an incompletion to Alshon Jeffery . It was a great play by Johnson , but they briefly stood over Jeffery and appeared to exchange words with the receiver .
The play cost the Rams 15 yards on a crucial third-and-9 from the 33-yard line , meaning the Eagles would have had to attempt a 50-yard field goal if not for the penalty .
Nickell Robey-Coleman came to Johnson 's defense after the game to say they are n't even talking trash to Jeffery .
Rams CB Nickell Robey-Coleman , on Trumaine Johnson 's penalty : `` They were n't even talking trash ; they were just talking football and they threw the flag . '' — Alden Gonzalez ( @ Alden_Gonzalez ) December 11 , 2017
That was undoubtedly one of the biggest moments of the game because of the way it shifted the balance . Eight plays and two penalties later , the Eagles scored a touchdown to take a 31-28 lead .
Even Jeffery said after the game that there was n't any extra trash talking going on between them and Johnson .
Sign up Like this article ? Sign up for the Rams Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning Success Thanks for signing up .
You 'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow . Whoa ! Something went wrong . Try again ?
“ No , I mean we know each other , ” they said . “ I mean when they make a play , he 's going to make some noise . When I make a play , I 'm going to make some noise , so it is what it is . ”
Fair or not , the Rams cost themselves multiple times with unnecessary penalties . Samson Ebukam was flagged 15 yards for a late hit , which was far worse than Johnson 's infraction . They simply need to be more disciplined despite the fact that Johnson should have never been penalized .
As for Sean McVay 's take on the flag , they say the officials told them Jeffery and Johnson had been going back and forth throughout the game .
“ They said that these guys had been talking , going back and forth and there had been some warnings going on and that was the decision that the side judge made and those are things that we have to respect , ” they said after the loss .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
MEXICO CITY May 2 Three successive Mexican presidents have failed to halt a cycle of violence against journalists and impunity for their killers that is stifling freedom of expression , a watchdog group said on Tuesday .
The Committee to Protect Journalists ( CPJ ) urged President Enrique Pena Nieto to prioritize protection for the media in the last year of their government , after at least 21 journalists were slain in the past decade with `` complete impunity . ''
`` The pursuit of justice has failed categorically , '' CPJ said in a report on Mexico . `` The system seems to be corrupt down to its very foundation ; either that or it 's simply incapable of achieving justice . ''
Mexico , where battles among rival drug cartels have left tens of thousands dead in recent years , has the sixth worst record in the world for resolving the murders of journalists , according to the CPJ .
Despite promises of action by Pena Nieto and their predecessors Felipe Calderon and Vicente Fox , Mexico 's impunity rating has more than doubled since 2008 , it added .
The CPJ 's impunity index is based on unsolved journalist murders as a percentage of a country 's population .
The drug-ravaged state of Veracruz is now the deadliest region for the media in the Western hemisphere , the CPJ said .
CPJ said at least six journalists were murdered in retaliation for their work in Veracruz and three more went missing during the 2010 to 2016 administration of former governor Javier Duarte , recently detained in Guatemala over corruption allegations they deny .
The group said it was investigating at least 11 more cases in the state to determine if journalists were murdered over their work .
A special prosecutor 's office tasked with crimes against freedom of expression has failed to produce convictions needed to deter future attacks , CPJ said .
The impunity fosters self-censorship among journalists and corruption among public officials , CJP said .
`` At a time when transparency and accountability have become a priority globally , the fact that this country has lagged behind has allowed the spread of untouchable governors , wealthy police officers who bury the truth , and mercenaries at the service of the drug trade that buys protection , '' CJP said . ( Reporting by Mitra Taj ; Editing by Clarence Fernandez )
* Asian , European stocks edge higher
* Upbeat PMI data supports markets
* Trump-Xi meeting moves into focus
* Investors nervous Trump may take protectionist steps
* Graphic : World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Dhara Ranasinghe
LONDON , April 3 World stock markets and the U.S. dollar started the second quarter on a positive note on Monday , although caution also set in as the first meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and China 's Xi Jinping loomed .
European shares opened broadly higher , tracking Asian shares up after generally upbeat economic data .
German manufacturing growth reached an almost six-year high in March , Markit 's Purchasing Managers ' Index ( PMI ) for manufacturing showed on Monday . Manufacturing activity in France and Italy also rose , adding to signs of a pickup in momentum in the global economy .
A private survey on China 's manufacturing on Saturday came in below market expectations but still showed a healthy expansion after a similar survey by the government on Friday pointed to strong growth in the sector .
The Bank of Japan 's `` tankan '' survey showed that business sentiment improved , albeit slightly less than expected .
MSCI 's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan rose 0.2 percent , while Japan 's Nikkei gained 0.8 percent after hitting a seven-week low on Friday .
U.S. stock futures also indicated a positive open for Wall Street shares , while focus turned to a meeting on Thursday and Friday between the U.S. and Chinese presidents .
`` Despite the solid gains seen so far this year , there is some evidence that the rally in U.S. markets is looking a little tired given President Trump 's trials and tribulations in Congress , '' said Michael Hewson , chief market analyst at CMC Markets .
`` The reflation trade is likely to face a new test this week when President Trump entertains the Chinese leader Xi-Jinping at their Mar-a-Lago golf course in Florida , which in the words of President Trump themselves could be a little 'difficult ' . ''
A failure to push through healthcare reforms last month has added to concerns that Trump may struggle to pass highly-anticipated tax cuts and infrastructure spending bills .
Trump held out the possibility on Sunday of using trade as a lever to secure Chinese cooperation against North Korea and suggested Washington might deal with Pyongyang 's nuclear and missile programs on its own if need be .
On Friday , the U.S. president sought to push their crusade for fair trade and more manufacturing jobs back to the top of their agenda by ordering a study into the causes of U.S. trade deficits and a clampdown on import duty evasion .
MANIPULATOR ?
Any hints that Washington may name some of its trade partners such as China , Japan and Germany as currency manipulators could dent the dollar . The U.S. Treasury will release its next currency report on April 15 .
`` The Trump administration is not necessarily seeking to reduce the trade deficit through a cheaper dollar . But it has strong intentions to do that and it could use a weaker dollar as a bargaining tool in trade negotiations , '' said Minori Uchida , chief currency strategist at the Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ .
The dollar index , which measures the dollar 's value against a basket of other major currencies , was up 0.15 percent at 100.49 - holding above four-month lows hit last week .
The euro ticked up 0.2 percent to $ 1.0679 , recovering from two-week lows hit on Friday after data showed inflation in the currency bloc had slowed by more than expected in March .
Government bond yields in the euro zone 's lower-rated countries IT10YT-TWEB meanwhile rose on Monday , underperforming their peers as a reduction in the European Central Bank 's bond purchase programme took effect .
As of the start of April , the ECB 's monthly asset purchases fell to 60 billion euros from 80 billion euros .
Governments and other economic actors need to get ready for higher borrowing costs after years of record lows , ECB Executive Board member Benoit Coeure said on Monday .
Elsewhere , Brent crude futures were flat at $ 53.50 per barrel , while U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude futures were little changed at $ 50.58 a barrel . ( Additional report by Hideyuki Sano in Tokyo ; Editing by Tom Heneghan )
Warning signs were put up at Waiinu beach in January after a single sample of freshwater emerging on the sand was found to have abnormally high levels of faecal coliform bacteria .
The water emerging from a swamp there forms shallow pools , and children often play in it .
South Taranaki District Councip put up signs on January 15 , warning people to stay clear , communications manager Gerard Langford said .
Since then levels have been satisfactory , and the signs were to be taken down yesterday .
Advertisement
The highest level of the bacteria was found at the southeastern end of the beach . The source is unknown and could have been animals , birds or humans .
South Taranaki District Council is leading the investigation into the cause .
The investigation may move farther afield , because high bacteria levels have been found in several freshwater springs above the beach - springs that are also used as swimming spots , Taranaki Regional Council environment quality director Gary Bedford said .
No one has taken ill due to contact with the water , as far as Mr Langford knows . And nearby seawater was well within health limits , as it has been for 20 years .
Waiinu campground custodian Mick Zimmerman said it has been very busy this summer , despite one area being fenced off due to sodden ground .
The bacterial contamination at Waiinu in January follows high bacteria levels found in the Mowhanau , Kai Iwi and Ototoka streams further down the coast at the same time .
Coastal streams are susceptible to things like run-off from farming , Horizons Regional Council science manager Abby Matthews said .
`` When they 're not getting much water running through and it 's warm humid weather it 's ideal conditions for bacteria to grow . ''
Summer downpours wash in excrement from sheep , cows and birds .
`` In coastal streams , you do seem to see these sorts of results pop up . If I have a choice between swimming in a coastal stream next to a beach or swimming at the beach , I would always choose the beach . ''
LOS ANGELES One Direction singer Louis Tomlinson is not expected to be criminally charged over a tussle with a photographer at Los Angeles airport last month , judicial officials said on Tuesday .
The British singer and the photographer , who was not named , will instead be summoned to the Los Angeles City Attorney 's office to be interviewed and `` advised of the law and ways to avoid similar incidences in the future , '' the City Attorney 's office said in a statement .
`` Typically there is no further action taken by our office after the hearing , '' the statement said .
The City Attorney 's office said both parties would be asked attend the meeting toward the end of this month . It said it reserved the right to file charges for up to one year .
Tomlinson , 25 , one of the members of the chart-topping boy band , was arrested at the airport on March 3 after a scuffle with a paparazzi photographer who was trying to take photos of the singer and their girlfriend .
Social media video showed the photographer on the ground and Tomlinson was booked for misdemeanor battery .
Tomlinson 's lawyer , Martin Singer , said at the time that the singer was not at fault and that the paparazzi caused the altercation .
Tomlinson 's representatives could not immediately be reached for comment on Tuesday .
( Reporting by Jill Serjeant )
LONDON Britain 's top share index fell on Wednesday , weighed down by weaker commodity stocks , while supermarket Sainsbury 's ( SBRY.L ) dropped after an underwhelming earnings update .
The blue chip FTSE 100 .FTSE was down 0.2 percent at 7,234.53 points at its close , broadly in line with weakness seen elsewhere in Europe .
Sainsbury 's was the biggest blue chip faller , sinking almost 6 percent after the grocer reported a third straight year of underlying profit decline , despite the boost to earnings from last year 's purchase of Argos , the general merchandise retailer .
`` Today 's results from Sainsbury show some promising early signs from the Argos acquisition set against a difficult trading environment for food retailing , ” Simon Gergel , CIO UK Equities at Allianz Global Investors , said .
Sainsbury 's , which trails market leader Tesco ( TSCO.L ) in annual sales , cautioned that it saw no let-up in the intensely competitive UK market any time soon . Tesco 's shares also fell 3.4 percent .
The biggest sectoral weight to the FTSE were mining stocks , which wiped about 12.5 points from the blue chip index .
Heavyweight miners Glencore ( GLEN.L ) , Anglo American ( AAL.L ) and Rio Tinto ( RIO.L ) all dropped between 2.7 percent to 3.7 percent , after copper prices fell as the dollar ticked higher on expectations the Federal Reserve will signal a June rate rise later in the session . [ MET/L ]
BP ( BP.L ) was among the biggest individual drags to the index with a 0.7 percent fall following the strong gains it made in the previous session after a better than expected earnings update .
Earnings boosted top gainers , however , with accounting software firm Sage Group ( SGE.L ) rising 3.4 percent after reporting first-half earnings and saying it was confident that it would exceed its full year guidance for revenue growth .
British equities were little moved by data showing growth in the country 's construction industry accelerated in April , adding to tentative signs that the economy might be recovering a little momentum after a lacklustre start to 2017 .
British mid caps also continued to trade in the red and ended the session 0.6 percent lower .
But Mitie ( MTO.L ) outperformed , up 9.4 percent , after the pest control company reported steady revenues and unveiled the results of a review of its accounts .
Construction group Galliford Try ( GFRD.L ) fell 10.7 percent after the company warned on charges for construction business .
( Reporting by Kit Rees and Danilo Masoni ; Editing by Ken Ferris )
FILE PHOTO : Logo of Saudi Aramco is seen at the 20th Middle East Oil & Gas Show and Conference ( MOES 2017 ) in Manama , Bahrain , March 7 , 2017 . REUTERS/Hamad I Mohammed/File Photo
DUBAI Saudi Arabia 's decision to cut tax paid by national oil giant Saudi Aramco has increased its value by $ 1 trillion , an analyst estimated on Tuesday ahead of Aramco 's initial public offer of shares , expected to be the world 's largest .
The government said on Monday it was cutting the tax rate for Aramco to 50 percent from 85 percent as part of preparations for next year 's IPO , which would sell as much as 5 percent of the company .
`` By drastically reducing the tax rate , more cash will go to the potential owners of Saudi Aramco compared to the government , '' said Espen Erlingsen , vice-president for analysis at Rystad Energy , an oil and gas consulting service based in Oslo and New York .
`` Assuming long-term oil prices averaging $ 75 per barrel , the valuation of the company increases from $ 0.4 trillion to $ 1.4 trillion , '' they said in a report .
That is good news for the Saudi government , which hopes to raise money to cover a $ 79 billion budget deficit and invest in new industries as it tries to diversify the economy in an era of low oil prices .
Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman , who leads economic reforms , has said the IPO will value Aramco at a minimum of $ 2 trillion . A number much smaller than that could jeopardize the offer and damage their own political position .
Erlingsen calculated Aramco 's value based on discounted free cash flow for each oil field . Under the new tax rate , much of the company 's payments to the government are expected to be in the form of dividends , not tax .
`` The total value of Saudi Aramco 's revenue after costs is around $ 3.4 trillion . With the old tax system , around 88 percent of the value went to the government through taxes and royalties , while with the new system around 60 percent of the profit goes to the government , '' Erlingsen said .
They predicted oil prices would reach $ 75 by the time of the IPO , which would be near the long-term price needed to justify the share prices of other large global oil companies .
Global consultants Sanford C. Bernstein & Co said in a report that since Aramco had not released detailed financial information , it was impossible to make a reliable estimate of its value .
But they said the size of Saudi oil reserves , larger than those of other oil companies , suggested Aramco could look cheap even at $ 2 trillion - although that figure excluded factors such as political risks .
Using a different valuation method , enterprise value per flowing barrel , suggests a figure in the range of $ 1 trillion to $ 1.5 trillion , though the expected long life of Aramco 's reserves compared with other companies means Aramco could command a premium to those numbers , Bernstein said .
Investment bank Tudor , Pickering , Holt & Co estimated a valuation of $ 1.1 trillion for Aramco , assuming free cash flow of $ 55 billion a year from its upstream operations .
( Reporting by Ron Bousso and Rania El Gamal ; Writing by Andrew Torchia ; Editing by Louise Heavens )
International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) Managing Director Christine Lagarde holds a speech to present the report `` Making Trade an Engine of Growth for All : The Case for Trade and For Policies to Facilitate Adjustment '' in Berlin , Germany , April 10 , 2017 . REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke
BERLIN Germany should increase investment on education and broadband internet and not just on hard infrastructure like bridges and roads to narrow its current account surplus , International Monetary Fund chief Christine Lagarde said on Monday .
`` Excessive surpluses are to be rebalanced and there are multiple ways of doing that . Some of our recommendations to German policymakers is to increase investments in the German economy , '' Lagarde said .
Lagarde was presenting a joint report on global trade by the IMF , World Bank and the World Trade Organization . She , World Bank President Jim Yong Kim and WTO Director General Director-General Roberto Azevedo will later on Monday meet Chancellor Angela Merkel .
Lagarde said global trade has had some disruptive effects despite being a major source of growth , adding that international commerce must be supported and reforms should be implemented to address some of its negative impacts .
( Reporting by Joseph Nasr )
March 30 Transcend Residential Property Fund Limited :
* Headline and diluted headline earnings per share at 16.07 cents for the period ended dec. 31
* Dividend per share at 5.61 cents
* Net asset value per share at 9.78 cents for the period ended dec.31 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Bengaluru Newsroom : +91 80 6749 1136 )
1:48
Cal Poly grad 's Farmbot aims to revolutionize food production — one garden bed at a time
TOKYO , April 5 Daishi Bank and Hokuetsu Bank , two small locally operating Japanese lenders , said on Wednesday they had reached a basic agreement to merge their operations .
The banks , based in Niigata prefecture on the Sea of Japan coast , will set up a holding company in April 2018 , they said in a statement .
Japan has roughly 100 so-called regional banks . A shrinking population and the central bank 's negative interest-rate policy have created a tough business environment , prompting some to merge or take other steps to shore up their operations . ( Reporting by Chris Gallagher ; Editing by Himani Sarkar )
UPDATE 1-Qatar signs $ 12 bln deal to buy F-15 jets from U.S .
June 14 Qatar 's Ministry of Defense said on Wednesday the country signed a deal to buy F-15 fighter jets from the United States for $ 12 billion .
May 2 The following are the top stories in the Wall Street Journal . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
- The sexual harassment scandal that has engulfed Fox News for nearly a year claimed another casualty with the resignation of Bill Shine , the network 's co-president and one of its longest-serving executives . on.wsj.com/2oS5mTv
- Theranos Inc settled a lawsuit alleging the company and its founder , Elizabeth Holmes , defrauded a San Francisco hedge fund into making a $ 96.1 million investment through `` a series of lies , '' the company said Monday . on.wsj.com/2oS1d1Q
- Home-sharing sites Airbnb Inc and Expedia Inc 's HomeAway have reached a settlement with San Francisco that makes it easier for rental hosts to register with the city and helps the companies avoid costly fines . on.wsj.com/2oSisA3
- IAC plans to buy Angie 's List Inc combining the consumer-review site with IAC/InterActiveCorp 's HomeAdvisor and forming a new , publicly traded company for a deak valued at more than $ 500 million . on.wsj.com/2oSqHvY
- Drug company Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc said it has made $ 220 million in unscheduled debt payments , its latest effort to chip away at the multibillions of dollars its owes . on.wsj.com/2oSjfkv ( Compiled by Abinaya Vijayaraghavan in Bengaluru )
April 13 Xilinx Inc
* Xilinx announces multi-year succession plan and new COO
* Says announced a multi-year CEO succession plan , including two senior level promotions
* Xilinx Inc says Victor Peng will become chief operating officer of Xilinx , effective immediately
* Says as part of succession plan , has signed a multi-year employment agreement with Gavrielov to continue as president and CEO Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
STOCKHOLM , April 3 Nordic telecom operator Telia Company said on Monday the agreement from September to sell its stake in Tajik operator Tcell was no longer valid as authorities in Tajikistan did not reply in time .
`` We are now assessing alternative ownership solutions for Tcell , '' said Emil Nilsson , head of Telia 's region Eurasia , in a statement .
Telia 's Tajik operations are reported as discontinued operations and the book value of Telia 's interests has been adjusted to zero . The agreed price announced in September was around $ 13 million in equity value .
Telia said in 2015 it would gradually abandon its Central Asian markets , hit by years of investigations into alleged corruption linked to local partners and problems accessing cash in distant countries .
( Reporting by Olof Swahnberg ; Editing by Daniel Dickson )
Stuart Moore : 6.5 - Very quiet afternoon in general , but looked solid in what they had to do . Again left with no chance for the goal , but made sure MacDonald 's late effort was palmed away .
Glen Rea : 6.5 - Helped restrict the Stags to very little of a clear-cut nature throughout the 90 minutes as Town kept their attackers on a tight leash for long periods .
Scott Cuthbert ( STAR MAN ) : 7 - Defender was often first to the ball whenever Stags sent it into the box with a number of crucial interventions and headed clearances . Needs to be careful at corners though as holding will eventually get penalised .
Alan Sheehan : 6.5 - Never a game where they could really get on the ball and bring it out of defence , but was impressive aerially once more . Recovered well from one poor pass out late on , with a crucial block at full stretch .
James Justin : 6 - Got down the right flank on occasion , sending over a fine cross that just eluded Hylton . Did n't venture forward quite as much as they would have wanted to though .
Dan Potts : 6 - Back in the side after a month out after concussion and showed no signs of any ill effects as they went up for their headers . Could n't ever really take up the sort of advanced positions needed to set up any chances for the visitors .
Olly Lee : 6 - Few moments when on the ball but Luton did n't ever really keep hold of possession as much as they wanted , which meant they could n't ever really fully influence proceedings .
Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu : 6 - Was better than they had been against the Orient on Friday but move out of the defensive midfield position they had occupied recently appears to have led to a dip in form . Lovely bit of skill saw shouts for a penalty early on too .
Lawson D'Ath : 7 - Committed display as they put their foot in plenty of times in the midfield areas making a number of tackles , including one vital one in the first period with Mansfield breaking away at pace .
Danny Hylton : 6.5 - Coolness personified from the spot as they dinked Town level with goal number 26 . Few nice touches , but was having a running battle against the officials at times with a number of decisions going against him .
Isaac Vassell : 6 - Had to work with scraps of service in the first half but made sure they gave their all in trying to win headers against an imposing Mansfield back-line . Replaced by Palmer during second period though .
Ollie Palmer ( SUB ) : 6 - Booed on their return to former side , but one wonderful run and cross led to a great chance for Hylton that went just over .
Stephen O'Donnell ( SUB ) : 5.5 - On for final five minutes as Potts had a touch of cramp .
To vote for your Hatters MOM , visit our Hatters Microsite .
BRIEF-1347 Property Insurance Holdings through unit agrees upon terms of excess of loss catastrophe reinsurance program
* 1347 Property Insurance Holdings- co through unit agreed upon terms of excess of loss catastrophe reinsurance program for 2017 - 2018 treaty year
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI ( AP ) — Given Giancarlo Stanton 's recent home run binge , Derek Jeter may decide baseball 's biggest contract is a bargain .
Stanton signed a record $ 325 million , 13-year deal in 2014 with the Miami Marlins , and they still owe them about $ 300 million — an eye-popping number even to a former All-Star shortstop for the New York Yankees .
Jeter 's investment group agreed last week to buy the Marlins from Jeffrey Loria , and given the franchise 's history of low revenue and attendance , there 's already speculation the incoming regime may deem Stanton unaffordable .
But lately , they look like a keeper at any price . Stanton 's knack for moonshots has long made them the sport 's most prodigious slugger , and now he 's also the most prolific .
They homered against the San Francisco Giants in the first inning Monday night to increase their season total to 43 , most in the majors and a franchise record . They have homered in their past five games , another team record , and has 22 homers in their past 34 games .
They would finish the season with 72 homers — one shy of Barry Bonds ' 2001 record — if they continue their pace of the past five weeks .
“ It has been amazing to watch , ” manager Don Mattingly said Sunday .
“ You know you 're watching something special , ” teammate Javy Guerra said . “ It 's very weird to see a guy come to the plate , and you think they could homer every time . It 's a lot of fun to be a fan . ”
Stanton homered Sunday against the Colorado Rockies to tie Gary Sheffield 's franchise record for homers in a season , set in 1996 . The home run was the 250th for Stanton in 3,407 at-bats , and by that measure , only four players reached the milestone faster — Harmon Killebrew , Ralph Kiner , Babe Ruth and Ryan Howard .
“ Crazy , ” said Stanton , 27 . “ Those are guys you glorified and put on a pedestal as gods as a kid , and you 're right there on the same plane as them now . So it 's something special . ”
This year is special for Stanton because they have remained healthy , missing only two games . It 's the first time since 2011 they have avoided an injury that sidelined them for a lengthy stint .
Worst was a season-ending beaning in September 2014 . Stanton led the National League in home runs and RBIs when their face was fractured by a fastball from Mike Fiers of the Milwaukee Brewers .
The aftermath left Stanton prone to swings and misses on outside breaking pitches . But lately their timing has been excellent , and they began the week batting .281 with the lowest strikeout rate of their career .
They credit a new closed stance .
“ I 'm not pulling off the ball , and I 've been more on time and ready to go on off-speed pitches , heaters , everything , ” they said . “ I watched film over and over until my eyes hurt to figure it out .
“ Every year I 've had seven or eight different stances , and it 's really because I have n't felt comfortable throughout a whole season to keep one . So it 's a constant grind — how do I feel right every day ? This was one I had n't tried yet , and it has been pretty good . ”
Pretty good ? The stance often leads to a home run trot accompanied by a grin . On Sunday , Stanton even threw in a quick dance step rounding third base .
“ I think they like hitting homers , ” Mattingly said with a chuckle . “ He smiles a lot when he 's hitting homers . ”
Stanton said he 's having more fun than at any time in their career , even with their team out of the playoff race as usual . This will be the 14th consecutive season the Marlins have missed the postseason , and given their injury-ravaged pitching staff , Stanton harbors no illusions of a miracle run .
“ We 've got arms going down like flies , ” they said .
Marlins fans are counting on Jeter to change the team 's fortunes . Stanton ? He 's already tired of questions about the new ownership , and about their future .
Team management expects to close on the $ 1.2 billion sale in early October , so it may be awhile before Jeter can provide any answers .
“ It still has months to process , ” Stanton said with a sigh . “ So we 'll just wait it out . ”
They know he 'll be making $ 25 million next year somewhere .
( © Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
Video : Rebel Wilson charms media after huge defamation win
`` I did n't deserve it and if they knew me personally , they 'd know that I 've worked so hard for everything I 've ever got . ''
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Kenyan Hellen Obiri produced an astonishing last lap to leave defending champion Almaz Ayana in their wake as they won the women 's 5,000 metres at the World Athletics Championships and claimed their first major title on Sunday .
Ethiopia 's Ayana , who led Obiri for more than half the race , was denied a double after winning the 10,000 metres with a devastating run earlier at the championships .
The pair broke clear of the pack after one third of the race and opened up a huge gap as they set a blistering pace .
Ayana led with Obiri on their shoulder into the final lap until the Kenyan , silver medallist in Rio de Janeiro last year , burst past with 300 metres left and stormed home to win in 14:34.86 , more than five seconds clear of their rival .
Sifan Hassan of the Netherlands prevented an East African clean sweep by taking the bronze .
`` I was telling myself to go . I could see Ayana was not going so I thought , why not ? '' said Obiri . `` I am mentally strong so I knew I was capable . ''
It was always going to be an enthralling contest .
Athletics - World Athletics Championships - Women 's 5000 Metres Final - London Stadium , London , Britain – August 13 , 2017 . Hellen Onsando Obiri of Kenya celebrates winning the final . Fabrizio Bensch
Obiri , 27 , has steadily moved closer to a major title over the course of they career and had won all of their races this summer over 5,000 metres , clocking the fastest time of the year when they ran 14:18.37 in Rome .
Ayana was bronze medallist over the distance in Rio where they also won the 10,000 metres and set a world record . They have been plagued by injury this season and the 10,000 race on Aug.5 was their first of the season .
Obiri did not run the 10,000 metres last week and their decision to concentrate on the shorter distance paid off .
Athletics - World Athletics Championships - Women 's 5000 Metres Final - London Stadium , London , Britain – August 13 , 2017 . Hellen Onsando Obiri of Kenya celebrates winning the final . Phil Noble
There was a cagey start with the first 400 metres taking a painfully slow 81 seconds before Ayana and Obiri took control .
Ayana seized the initiative with nine laps left , Obiri followed and after steadily increasing the gap , they were more than 50 metres clear with four to go .
The Ethiopian tried several times to pull away but Obiri responded each time before producing their deadly final push .
`` It was a difficult race . I am better at leading it to get the win rather than challenging in a final sprint . It was difficult to push Hellen through to the finish line , '' said Ayana .
`` Compared to Rio this is a bigger achievement . I 've had many injuries this year so I am very happy with two medals . ''
Alexandria Duval was acquitted Thursday of charges that they intentionally killed their identical twin sister in 2016 by steering the SUV in which they were riding off a cliff in Hawaii , where it plunged 200 feet before landing in a heap on a rocky outcrop where the churning sea meets the shore of West Maui .
A judge in the widely watched trial said the critical evidence raising doubt that the crash was intentional was the clump of Alexandria 's blond hair clutched in the hands of their dead sister , Anastasia . `` The deceased pulled their sister 's hair so hard that they could yank it out of their scalp , '' said Judge Peter Cahill .
That suggested that a brutal fight between the two women as they drove caused Alexandria to lose control of the Ford Explorer , which then swerved sharply and plunged off the narrow Hana Highway . Anastasia was pronounced dead at the scene . Alexandria was rushed to the hospital badly hurt but survived . At the time , they were 37 years old .
Prosecutors presented evidence showing that the two had indeed by struggling with one another .
Advertisement
But they contended that tire marks and information from a data recorder on the vehicle showed that Alexandria accelerated and made a `` hard left turn '' without applying the brakes . That showed they purposely steered the Explorer off the road and down the cliff in an apparent murder-suicide , they said .
The unusual circumstances of the crash , and of the defendant twins , made the case an object of national attention , as did the stories about the relationship between the two yoga instructors .
Before they were Anastasia and Alexandria Duval , they were Alison and Ann Dadow , as The Post 's Travis Andrews reported in 2016 . Originally from Utica , New York , the sisters were successful yoga entrepreneurs in West Palm Beach , Florida , who drove identical Porches before they relocated to Hawaii .
They were written up in Florida tabloids as the `` terrible twins of yoga , '' who shut down their yoga business and left the area in 2014 without paying their employees or reimbursing customers . Before moving to Hawaii , a few months before the crash , they had attempted to open yoga studios in Utah , said Florida 's Gossip Extra , but wound up filing for bankruptcy .
Anastasia , left , and Alexandria Duval , known as Alison and Ann Dadow before they changed their names . Photo / AP
As close as they were in some ways , they nevertheless were known to engage in hair-pulling fights.Keith Weiss , Anastasia 's former boyfriend recounted to ABC News an instance in which they had to `` pull them off each other '' as they pulled each other 's hair . `` They 're knocking each other down the ground . ''
Another brawl between the sisters occurred in their car , they said , when Anastasia , after drinking , tried to force their car off the road . `` She turned over their left leg and kicked my right hand at first on the steering wheel , '' they said . `` I swerved into the left lane and luckily there was nobody there . ''
Still , they said , it was their impression that `` they cared about each other more than anything else . ''
According to witness Chad Smith , the sisters were indeed arguing when they saw them speed by on the Hana Highway , a narrow ribbon of tropical beauty abutting the lush coast of Maui . While it 's 65 miles long , it takes at least two and a half hours to drive without stopping , across dozens of narrow one-lane bridges , where cars must yield to oncoming traffic or slow to 10 mph around curves where the road meets the cliffs that drop hundreds of feet to the Pacific .
Smith , according to Hawaii News Now , testified that they were forced to swerve out of their way .
`` I could see a pair of arms from elbows to hands yanking the head of the driver . The driver 's head was being pulled to the side , '' said another witness , Lawrence Lau .
Defense lawyers portrayed the crash as a tragic accident . `` The tire marks show the car not taking a sudden left turn , '' said attorney Birney Bervar . That 's `` certainly a reasonable doubt that there was any criminal behavior whatsoever and my client is not guilty . ''
The judge , presiding after Alexandria waived a jury trial , shared that view .
`` It 's been an extremely emotional ordeal for her , '' said lawyer Bervar after the decision . `` You ca n't imagine losing your twin sister in that kind of catastrophic , tragic accident , then being charged with causing the death of your sister , which they did n't .
`` She 's extremely relieved . ''
BAO by Dead Famous is making serious waves as one of Belfast 's newest street food offerings .
Situated in the bustling area of Botanic , BAO has brought something truly unique to Belfast .
BAO - By Dead Famous
Offering a twist on traditional Taiwanese street food meets Asian fusion , anyone who enjoys food packed with a delicious punch of flavour in a relaxed and quirky environment will absolutely love BAO by Dead Famous - which is available both as a sit-in meal or takeaway .
Fans of Boojum , Chalcos and Bubbacue will recognise the ordering process , which is a familiar five-step process assembly-style line .
But instead of chosing a wrap or bowl we just need to decide if we want our bao steamed or toasted .
The newest guys on the block make every ingredient on site , even pickling and fermenting all their own toppings , mixing their own sauces , and all meats are cooked in-house .
In fact , the gua bao buns are handcrafted and steamed freshly to order each day .
For the uninitiated , the bao is a steamed , flavourful bread that is light , spongey , delicious and great for sticking assorted meat and other lovely stuff in ! Choose between hacked chicken , braised pork , 16-hour beef brisket or flat iron tofu .
Next we have the tantalising sauces , which range from Hoisin aioli , Korean BBQ , Sichaun mayo , pork sauce , garlic aioli and coriander and lime .
Finally , the pickles and garnishes truly are the icing on the bao , so to speak .
Tastes of Asian fusion cuisine are abundant with the delicious scatterings of sesame seeds , crushed nuts , crispy shallots , Cilantro or shredded lettuce atop a bursting bao .
For research purposes , myself and my husband happily relished munching through ( most of ) the menu . After biting into our first bite of steamed bao filled with 16 Hour Beef Brisket and lashings of fresh pickles including Asian Raw Slaw garnished with a generous sprinkling of Sesame Seeds ( £5.95 ) , it 's safe to say we were hooked .
We demolished our second equally mouth-watering bao , which was steamed before being loaded with succulent Chicken , Pickled Cucumber , Fermented Kimchi and Crushed Nuts - to name just a few . Anyone who has reservations about ordering chicken in a restaurant for fear it might be ‘ too dry ' needs to try the offerings at BAO .
Next we moved onto the Dressed Fries ( £3.95 ) . This hearty portion boasts ‘ everything you could ever dream of when you are starving ' my husband enthused . And they hit the nail on the head . Boasting fries , filling , sauce and pickles all to suit your own individual tastebuds . We had this with pork - a must-try .
Not being vegetarian , we generally steer clear of Tofu . But I would readily recommend the Flat Iron Tofu to anyone in a heartbeat , which came in a box of yumminess boasting Asian Raw Slaw , Rice Vinegar Pickled Cucumber , Fermented Kimchi , Ponzu Pickled Chili and seasonal pickles on a bed of rice .
We finished with the superb Sweet Bao ( £3.95 ) - similar to a donut in texture and taste this was a tantalising assortment of cinammon , Nutella . ice-cream , nuts and fried goodness . A good option to keep any youngsters busy long enough for you to enjoy your meal - or you can enjoy as a tasty treat for yourself . Be warned though , this is dangerously good !
There are loads more to choose from with a jam-packed menu full of quirky delights and a budget-friendly Bao Box even offers the choice of one bao plus side and drink for £10 .
Whilst naturally it has proved a big hit with students , General Manager Christian Campbell explained it has been a huge hit with office workers at lunchtime , and draws in huge queues throughout the evening : “ Luckily the queues move quickly though !
“ That 's the great thing about having such a quick ordering process , especially when people are out for their lunch , ” Christian added .
“ We 're all about being different and having that relaxed vibe . We have that bit of edge !
“ We offer Deliveroo , which really helped get our name out there when we first opened in December . It 's done so well we hope to open a second shop soon !
“ The inspiration behind BAO came from the ongoing craze of the general public 's love for street food inspired eateries .
“ We developed the food concept based around traditional Taiwanese style BAO buns . We make them a lot bigger than a traditional BAO bun so that it can be enjoyed as a meal in itself , instead of being just a light snack .
“ Our chef is an incredibly talented individual who has gained a wealth of knowledge through their years of Michelin star fine dining kitchen experience . They gained most of their inspiration for Taiwanese street food through research and travelling . They combine traditional spices and ingredients to create our unique flavours . Their idea was that nothing should ever taste the same , everything should be unique within its own right . Their ability to combine colour with exciting tastes and textures is what makes our menu options so unique . We chose to open in Botanic because it celebrates food cultures from all over . ”
BAO by Dead Famous also offers outside catering , and Christian added they are always keen to work with new businesses .
“ We offer 20 % off the first order and 10 % off for returning customers , and whatever your budget we 're always keen to make things work with you .
“ The outside catering is doing so well , it 's so adaptable to whatever you are look for , whether it 's for a wedding , private function or outside party . ”
For more information visit BAO by Dead Famous online at : deadfamous.ie .
You can also check out the guys at BAO on Facebook here .
BAO - By Dead Famous has a familiar five-step assembly line process which sees queue move quickly .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Blockchain is to be used for the first time to try to track cobalt 's journey from artisanal mines in Democratic Republic of Congo through to products used in smartphones and electric cars .
Sources close to a pilot scheme expected to be launched this year say the aim is eventually to give manufacturers a way of ensuring the cobalt in lithium-ion batteries for products such as iPhones and Teslas has not been mined by children .
Tracking cobalt presents many challenges as scores of informal mine sites would have to be monitored , all players in the supply chain would need to buy into the scheme , and accurate , electronic data would need to be transmitted from remote areas - all in a vast country plagued by lawlessness .
But companies are under growing pressure from consumers and investors to show the cobalt they use has come through supply chains free of rights abuses , just as they have for minerals used in electronics such as tantalum , tin , tungsten and gold .
Businesses in China , the main destination for Congolese cobalt from artisanal mines , have set up a Responsible Cobalt Initiative , which has been joined by tech giants such as Apple and Samsung , to address child labour .
The problem they face is that there are few sure-fire ways of tracing cobalt from the informal mines that produce up to a fifth of the cobalt from Congo , the world 's biggest producer .
“ The demand to make cobalt more sustainable is going to continue growing , meaning there is a will to find a solution and blockchain will be part of that , ” said a source with the project , who declined to be named because it is not yet public .
OPEN QUESTION
Blockchain technology is already used in the diamond industry . Gems are given a digital fingerprint that is then tracked by blockchain as gems are sold , giving a forgery-proof record of where the stones have come from .
The cobalt supply chain is far more complex but the developers of the pilot hope blockchain - a decentralised online database in the form of a distributed ledger - can at least track some of the stages that are a major worry for end users .
Sheila Warren , head of blockchain policy at the World Economic Forum , said it was an open question how well it could work in Congo given the prevalence of conflict , lawlessness and an opaque legal system .
“ We are prototyping , iterating , testing , scaling , ” said Warren , who is working with experts to see how blockchain can improve mineral supply chains . “ The technology is not the hard part . ”
Amnesty International , which detailed the extent of child labour in cobalt mining in Congo in a 2016 report , said it was looking at blockchain , especially with a view to tracing payments to middlemen .
“ You have to be wary of technological solutions to problems that are also political and economic , but blockchain may help . We 're not against it , ” said Amnesty researcher Mark Dummett .
Congo holds half the world 's cobalt reserves and demand for the main mineral component of lithium-ion batteries is set to surge as electric cars proliferate . In 2016 , Congo mined 54 percent of the 123,000 tonnes of cobalt produced worldwide .
Carmakers such as Volkswagen are trying to secure long-term cobalt supplies to sustain electric car production , and they are asking suppliers to ensure no child labour was used in the supply chain .
BAGGED AND TAGGED
The plan for the Congo pilot scheme is to give each sealed bag of cobalt produced by a vetted artisanal miner a digital tag which is entered on blockchain using a mobile phone , along with details of the weight , date , time and perhaps a photo .
At the next stage , a trader buying the bag would record the details on blockchain , and the process would be repeated until the ore gets to the smelter - leaving an immutable record of the cobalt 's journey for downstream buyers or third parties to view .
The pilot will involve organisations throughout the supply chain , from on-the-ground monitors checking that sites are not using child labour , through the refining process to end users , according to people helping to develop the scheme .
One potential risk in the supply chain is that cobalt mined by children gets mixed with “ clean ” cobalt before processing .
The industry is experimenting with options such as indelible marks that survive the refining process , a mass balance approach as used for Fairtrade certification of products such as cocoa , or bolting blockchain onto computer technology already used by refiners to monitor material as it moves through their plants .
“ We are very bullish about the potential impact of blockchain in minerals and metals supply chains , ” said Harrison Mitchell , director of RCS Global , which advises companies on responsible sourcing and audits supply chains .
“ Blockchain-enabled supply chains will have the ability to deliver trust and transparency over the production of metals such as cobalt , ” they said . “ Ensuring that information from these mine sites is inputted correctly and transparently is difficult , but it is possible . ”
INPUT DATA
Some institutional investors are also pushing mining companies and manufacturers to harness blockchain to help clean up mineral supply chains .
Christine Chow of Hermes Investment Management said tracking cobalt was far more complex than diamonds , typically involving 12 steps as opposed to five stages for gems .
“ But the principle of recording key characteristics and then entering them into the blockchain , which is stored on the cloud , is the same , ” said Chow , part of the Hermes EOS team that advises institutional shareholders on responsible investing .
“ To make it work , the key players in the chain must agree a set of input data to define its features , ” said Chow , whose team has $ 425 billion of assets under advice .
The International Council on Mining and Metals ( ICMM ) said its members , which include all major mining companies , were well-placed to draw on blockchain 's potential to improve public trust in the industry .
“ It does not solve the whole problem , but it solves a big part of the problem , ” ICMM CEO Tom Butler said .
“ Quality at entry to where the blockchain starts remains a challenge , but in that respect we 're in a privileged position as ICMM members are mining responsibly . ”
Glencore , the world 's biggest producer of cobalt , declined to comment on the use of blockchain .
In its 2016 sustainability report , Glencore said when it sourced cobalt in Congo from outside its own production , it only dealt with third parties that did not use artisanal mines .
A Ford logo is seen during preparations for the 2014 LA Auto Show in Los Angeles , California November 18 , 2014 . REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
WASHINGTON Ford Motor Co ( F.N ) , the second largest U.S. automaker , on Wednesday announced two new recalls affecting 440,000 vehicles and expects to spend about $ 295 million to fix the issues .
The recalls include 211,000 vehicles in North America to replace potentially faulty side door latches and 230,000 vehicles for under-hood fire risks . Ford said it has reports of 29 fires but no injuries .
Ford said the cost of the recalls were included in its updated earnings guidance issued last week .
Last week , Ford warned it expects lower earnings per share in the first quarter and lower pretax profit in 2017 due to higher spending on commodities , warranties and investments and a drop in sales volumes especially fleet sales .
The Dearborn automaker had previously recalled nearly 4 million vehicles for door latch issues in six separate recalls since 2014 , including 2.4 million vehicles recalled in late 2016 . In September , Ford said it was taking a $ 640 million charge for its expanded side-door latch recalls .
The new door latch recall includes 211,000 2014 model year Ford Fiesta , 2013-14 Ford Fusion and 2013-14 Lincoln MKZ vehicles . Ford said it not aware of any crashes or injuries associated with this issue .
The U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ( NHTSA ) said in 2015 it had 1,102 reports related to the problem and Ford said it had 10,883 warranty claims related to door latch failures . Some owners told NHTSA they used ropes or tape or seatbelts to restrain doors .
The under-hood fire recall covers 230,000 2013-15 Ford Escape , Ford Fiesta ST , Ford Fusion and Ford Transit Connect vehicles equipped with 1.6-liter GTDI engines in North America .
Ford said a lack of coolant circulation could cause an engine to overheat , resulting in a crack in the cylinder head , which could result in a pressurized oil leak and raise the risk of a fire .
In October , NHTSA opened a preliminary investigation into 440,000 Ford 2011-2013 Edge SUVs over door latch warning light issues . The agency said Wednesday it is closing its investigation without seeking a recall .
( Reporting by David Shepardson ; Editing by Bernard Orr )
People line up to vote in the French election at the Consulate General of France in Manhattan , New York , U.S. , April 22 , 2017 . REUTERS/Andrew Kelly
PARIS French voters go to the polls on April 23 and May 7 to vote for a new president , after a six-month-long campaign like no other .
Here is a timeline of the main events that have seen veteran politicians drop out of the race one after the other :
Nov 16 , 2016 - Former economy minister Emmanuel Macron , an independent centrist , launches their bid for the French presidency .
Nov 20 , 2016 - Voters unexpectedly kick ex-president Nicolas Sarkozy out of the centre-right primary ballot in its first round .
Nov 27 , 2016 - Former prime minister Francois Fillon wins the centre-right primaries ' second-round and becomes their camp 's candidate , beating favourite Alain Juppe , whom opinion polls had seen as France 's next president .
Dec 1 , 2016 - Socialist President Francois Hollande announces they will not seek a second term , the first time since France 's fifth Republic was created in 1958 that an incumbent president has not sought a second mandate .
Jan 25 , 2017 - Prosecutors open a probe after investigative weekly Le Canard Enchaine reports that Fillon paid their wife Penelope hundreds of thousands of euros as their parliamentary assistant for work it says they did not do . Fillon denies wrongdoing .
Jan 29 , 2017 - Leftwinger Benoit Hamon wins the Socialist primaries , beating ex-prime minister Manuel Valls , who had for weeks been the favourite to win their camp 's backing .
Feb 1 , 2017 - Macron overtakes Fillon in opinion polls , with the latter damaged by the fake jobs allegations . Macron is seen qualifying for the second round alongside far-right National Front leader Marine Le Pen and winning that run-off .
Feb 5 , 2017 - Le Pen kicks off their election campaign with a pledge to protect voters against globalisation and hold a referendum on EU membership .
Feb 22 , 2017 - Le Pen 's chief of staff is put under formal investigation over the alleged misuse of EU funds to pay parliamentary assistants .
March 14 , 2017 - Magistrates put Fillon under formal investigation on suspicion of embezzling state funds , a first for a presidential candidate in France .
March 18 , 2017 - Eleven candidates get the go-ahead to run in the election .
March 20 , 2017 - Macron was seen as the most convincing in a televised debate among the five top candidates , an opinion poll showed , helping them consolidate their frontrunner status .
April 4 , 2017 - Firebrand leftist Jean-Luc Melenchon was found the most convincing performer by viewers of a televised debate among the 11 candidates , a snap poll showed , with Macron in second place .
April 7 , 2017 - The presidential race is tightening in its final weeks with Melenchon and Fillon narrowing the gap on long-time frontrunners Macron and Le Pen , opinion polls show . They still show Macron winning the election .
April 23 , 2017 - First round of the presidential election goes ahead . Polling stations open at 8 am ( 0600 GMT ) and the last ones close at 8 pm .
( Reporting by Ingrid Melander ; Editing by Catherine Evans )
Pedestrians are seen behind the logo of Bank of China on its ATM machine in Beijing , China , in this March 28 , 2016 file photo . REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon/File photo
A man walks past the headquarters of Agricultural Bank of China in Beijing , China March 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Jason Lee
A customer waits at a counter of a branch of China Construction Bank Corp ( CCB ) at its headquarters in Beijing , China , March 31 , 2016 . REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon/File Photo
The Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd ( ICBC ) logo is seen on a building at sunrise Buenos Aires , Argentina , August 10 , 2016 . REUTERS/Enrique Marcarian
BEIJING/SHANGHAI China 's biggest listed banks posted results that showed shrinking interest margins caused first-quarter profits to be near-flat , although there was a glimmer of hope as the pace of mounting bad debts slowed at some of the lenders .
The Big Five lenders - Industrial and Commercial Bank of China ( ICBC ) , China Construction Bank Corp ( CCB ) , Agricultural Bank of China ( AgBank ) , Bank of China ( BoC ) , and Bank of Communications Co ( BoCom ) , reported quarterly earnings on Thursday and Friday .
Their net interest margins ( NIMs ) - the difference between interest paid and earned - slipped , as the country 's economy grows at its slowest pace in a quarter century .
NIMs , a key gauge of bank profitability , continued to fall across the board in the wake of Beijing 's six successive benchmark interest rate cuts in 2014-15 .
ICBC , the world 's largest lender , reported on Friday NIM of 2.12 percent at end-March , compared to 2.16 percent at end-December . NIM compression was also felt keenly at BoCom , which saw NIM droop to 1.57 percent at end-March , it 's lowest since at least 2011 .
NIMs at BoC , AgBank and CCB also showed a similar trend and were at their lowest levels since 2011-2012 .
As margins shrank , profit growth at all five lenders remained near flat , although CCB outperformed its contemporaries with a 3 percent rise in first-quarter net profit .
And the margin slide is likely to continue this year .
The president of BoC said in March that increasing interest income this year will be `` impossible '' .
BAD DEBTS
The news around bad debts was more cheerful , though , with some of the lenders showing a decline in their non-performing loans ( NPLs ) ratio .
While CCB and BoCom reported unchanged bad loan ratios from the quarter before , BoC , AgBank and ICBC all reported a slight fall in theirs .
The arrest of the rise in non-performing loan ratios may be a sign that the measures China 's banks have adopted to fight soured debt - from increasing their volume of write-offs to using Beijing-led debt-for-equity swaps for large struggling state-owned-enterprises - are working .
But the struggle this year is not over as analysts predict added pressures from a cooling economy .
`` A lot of structural adjustments to the economy will put pressure ( on banks ) , '' said Richard Cao , a banks analyst at Guotai Junan Securities ( HK ) .
( Reporting by Shu Zhang and Matthew Miller ; Writing by Engen Tham ; Editing by Stephen Coates and Muralikumar Anantharaman )
Vijay Mallya
“ After celebrating 200 races in Austria , we arrive at Silverstone for our home race feeling pretty upbeat . Scoring 14 points was important after the disappointment of France and it means we are only 20 points away from fourth place in the championship . Silverstone is a hugely busy week for the team and one we all enjoy . We have some aero parts to introduce to the cars on Friday , which will hopefully take us another step forward as well . ”
Sergio Perez
“ Silverstone is a very special weekend for our team . It 's the only race in which we get to see all the team members , their families and so many guests : a lot of people that sometimes we only see once a year . For us , this brings so much extra motivation . It 's a race where we want to do especially well and I hope we get a result to celebrate properly across the road , at HQ .
“ I lived in the UK for four years in the early part of my career , when I was racing in F3 . I liked it and I still have a lot of close friends around Silverstone . Going back for the race is always a good chance to catch up with everyone . I know lots of good local restaurants as well .
“ The track itself is great and I love racing at Silverstone . It 's such a fluid and fast layout and you really enjoy a Formula One car at its best on this track . It 's a wonderful feeling . Overtaking is difficult , but it 's possible . There are a few places where you can make a move : a few big braking zones , such as turn five . ”
Esteban Ocon
“ It 's fantastic to be racing in Britain . Our base is just across the road from the track and I spend a lot of time there during the year , so it really feels like home . You can feel how important it is for the team : there is a different atmosphere and I really enjoy it .
“ I always get to see all our staff who work at the factory when I go back , but this week I will spend a bit more time with everybody because I 'm there for much longer . I will be in Silverstone all week and it 's a good chance to put in a lot of work .
“ The track itself is legendary . It 's a quick circuit with a lot of high-speed corners and it is a very challenging place where the driver can make the difference . I really enjoy driving there . This year the track has been resurfaced so this will be a new element with which everyone will need to deal .
“ Overtaking at Silverstone is not easy . Turns five and six are probably the best opportunities . Maggots and Becketts are also great to drive and the straight immediately afterwards means you can get an overtaking chance if you 're quick through those corners . You also have to keep an eye on the weather , but this week it looks like it 's going to be very hot . I was actually hoping for some rain to mix things up a little !
“ Silverstone is also the time we go to the Woodlands Campsite . There are always a lot of fans supporting Force India : we see them with their caps and shirts and it 's always good fun going there and meeting them . There is a special atmosphere and I am looking forward to it .
Kinder Morgan Canada invites aboriginal investment as pipeline faces block
CALGARY , Alberta , June 14 Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd welcomes investment from the country 's aboriginals so that they have a stake in its Trans Mountain pipeline expansion , its head said on Wednesday , as the company braces for major obstacles for the project .
May 3 The following are the top stories in the Wall Street Journal . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
- Lawmakers on Tuesday warned U.S. airlines they faced more regulation if they did n't follow through with pledges to improve customer service following the widespread outcry over the treatment of a United Continental Holdings Inc passenger last month . on.wsj.com/2oW5gtG
- Apple Inc extended its rebound in the latest quarter with rising profit and revenue , but reported tepid iPhone demand that adds pressure on the technology giant to deliver a hit with its new 10th-anniversary handset later this year . on.wsj.com/2oWbZE4
- North America was the only region where Mondelez International Inc comparable sales fell in the first quarter , as food makers struggle with a turn by U.S. consumers toward fresher foods . on.wsj.com/2oW4Kfu
- Aetna Inc will again scale back its presence in the Affordable Care Act exchanges in 2018 , saying it expects losses on the business this year despite sharply reduced enrollment in its individual plans . on.wsj.com/2oWlHXc
- Etsy Inc is replacing its chief executive and cutting about 8 percent of its workforce after the online marketplace reported a first-quarter loss and what it described as `` a challenging February . '' on.wsj.com/2oWcoGA
( Compiled by Abinaya Vijayaraghavan in Bengaluru )
April 3 The following are the 20 top-selling vehicles in the U.S. in March as reported by the automakers and ranked by total units . RANK VEHICLE Mar-17 Mar-16 PCT CHNG 1 Ford F-Series P/U 81,330 73,884 +10.1 2 Ram P/U 46,384 43,647 +6.3 3 Chevy Silverado-C/K P/U 42,410 47,966 -11.6 4 Nissan Rogue 39,512 27,713 +42.6 5 Toyota Camry 35,648 36,991 -3.6 6 Honda CR-V 32,872 36,730 -10.5 7 Toyota Corolla 32,707 34,215 -4.4 8 Toyota RAV4 32,027 29,045 +10.3 9 Honda Civic 31,520 32,855 -4.1 10 Nissan Altima 28,511 34,856 -18.2 11 Ford Escape 28,113 28,521 -1.4 12 Honda Accord 26,824 30,523 -12.1 13 Hyundai Elantra 25,063 17,505 +43.2 14 Chevrolet Equinox 22,671 21,480 +5.5 15 Nissan Sentra 21,960 26,201 -16.2 16 Jeep Grand Cherokee 20,374 16,693 +22.1 17 Ford Explorer 20,232 21,605 -6.4 18 Ford Fusion 18,759 29,675 -36.8 19 Chevrolet Cruze 18,607 9,881 +88.3 20 GMC Sierra P/U 18,460 21,548 -14.3 Top 20 selling vehicles in U.S. through March . RANK VEHICLE YTD 2017 YTD 2016 PCT CHNG 1 Ford F-Series P/U 205,281 186,121 +10.3 2 Chevy Silverado-C/K P/U 128,467 128,965 -0.4 3 Ram P/U 119,199 113,298 +5.2 4 Nissan Rogue 101,421 69,036 +46.9 5 Honda CR-V 94,057 71,188 +32.1 6 Toyota Camry 83,459 96,245 -13.3 7 Honda Civic 81,654 87,303 -6.5 8 Toyota Corolla 81,435 88,486 -8.0 9 Toyota RAV4 80,533 76,122 +5.8 10 Ford Escape 76,338 71,594 +6.6 11 Nissan Altima 73,985 85,332 -13.3 12 Honda Accord 69,815 77,073 -9.4 13 Chevrolet Equinox 62,709 59,879 +4.7 14 Jeep Grand Cherokee 56,600 47,658 +18.8 15 Ford Explorer 54,671 55,885 -2.2 16 Hyundai Elantra 54,202 39,363 +37.7 17 Chevrolet Cruze 53,923 37,241 +44.8 18 Nissan Sentra 51,414 62,944 -18.3 19 Ford Fusion 50,786 74,994 -32.3 20 GMC Sierra P/U 49,810 51,131 -2.6 ( Compiled by Bengaluru Newsroom )
May 2 Nrg Yield Inc
* Qtrly loss per class a and class c common share $ 0.03
* Qtrly total operating revenues $ 218 million versus $ 234 million
* Says updating 2017 guidance following close of march drop down acquisition
* Says announcing 3.8 % quarterly dividend increase to $ 0.27 per share in q2 2017
* Nrg yield inc sees 2017 full year net income $ 140 million
* Nrg yield inc sees 2017 full year adjusted ebitda $ 920 million
* Nrg yield inc - nrg yield is targeting dividend per share growth of 15 % annually on each of its class a and class c common stock through 2018 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
( Reuters ) - Computer maker Dell Technologies Inc said on Friday it was considering a public offering of common stock or a combination with business software maker VMware Inc ( VMW.N ) , its publicly held subsidiary .
Dell , the world 's largest privately held technology company , is under pressure to boost profitability after its debt-laden acquisition of data storage provider EMC Corp for $ 67 billion in 2016 failed to meet financial targets , hurt by intensifying price competition .
Combining with VMware would provide access to VMWare 's $ 11.6 billion in cash , helping Dell trim its $ 52.5 billion debt pile . Last month 's U.S. tax reform made servicing that debt more expensive due to caps on deducting interest expense .
The combination would also make Dell a publicly listed company , offering a path for private equity firm Silver Lake to begin selling down its 18 percent stake if it chooses to . Silver Lake helped bankroll Dell CEO Michael Dell in taking the company private in 2013 in a $ 24.9 billion leveraged buyout .
A lockup provision prevents Dell from buying out the stake in VMware it does not already own until September . Any merger agreed before then would have to be structured as an acquisition of Dell by VMware : a so-called reverse merger .
“ We view a reverse merger of Dell by its majority-owned subsidiary , VMware , as potentially the most beneficial alternative for Dell and Silver Lake , ” Wells Fargo Securities LLC analysts wrote in a research note .
A combination of Dell and VMware would place them under the same management and help them co-ordinate strategy . Dell 's hardware and VMWare 's software offerings could potentially be marketed in one suite of products .
“ As part of our ongoing multi-year strategic planning , Dell Technologies is evaluating a number of potential business opportunities , ” founder Michael Dell said in a blog post . “ We do this from a position of strength , with a desire to grow Dell Technologies and its businesses even faster and thrive in the very dynamic IT marketplace . ”
Reuters reported on Thursday that Dell planned to announce a review of a possible reverse merger with VMware , as well as other options , including an IPO or asset sales . Sources told Reuters VMware was likely to form a special committee to consider a combination with Dell .
VMware CEO Pat Gelsinger addresses a news conference in Tokyo July 15 , 2014 . REUTERS/Yuya Shino
Dell added on Friday that nothing had been decided and the company might end up continuing to operate under its current structure .
“ The board of directors follows sound corporate governance practices , and will continue to do so in connection with any potential transaction involving our controlling stockholders , ” VMware 's lead director Paul Sagan said in a company statement .
Shares in VMware , which is 82 percent-owned by Dell , fell 2.4 percent on Friday to close at $ 122.72 . Dell 's tracking stock ( DVMT.N ) , which Dell issued to finance the EMC deal and which tracks the value of VMware 's business , was up a little less than 1 percent at $ 70.90 .
CHALLENGING PC MARKET
Dell has faced fierce competition in the storage market , with prices pressured by cloud-based rivals such as Amazon.com Inc 's ( AMZN.O ) AWS and Microsoft Corp 's ( MSFT.O ) Azure . Dell 's infrastructure chief , former EMC executive David Goulden , departed last fall , and the company has been working to reorganize storage operations .
Michael Dell helped shape the personal computer market when they founded Dell in 1984 as a University pre-med first-year student with $ 1,000 in savings . But growing popularity of smart phones and tablets has squeezed the PC market , which shrank by 0.2 percent in 2017 , according to International Data Corporation .
Dell 's servers have been a bright spot , helping total net revenue grow to $ 56.7 billion in the nine months to Nov. 3 , from $ 41.6 billion a year earlier . Yet operating expenses soared from $ 10 billion to $ 17.3 billion and Dell 's operating loss widened to $ 3 billion from $ 1.6 billion a year ago .
Dell has been considering a sale or initial public offering ( IPO ) of one of its fast-growing divisions , Pivotal Software Inc , sources have said .
Dell , whose technology portfolio spans servers , displays , workstations and gaming PCs , also has a security unit , RSA , and a cloud platform called Boomi .
Congress ' Renuka Chowdhury/ANI image/ File
It 's time for India to stand up and say `` me too '' , Chowdhury said after veteran Bollywood choreographer Saroj Khan defended the casting couch culture .
`` It 's the bitter truth . It is not just in the film industry . This happens everywhere in work spaces . Do n't imagine that Parliament is immune or some other work space is immune . If you look at the western world today , established top actores took so long to come out and say 'me too ' . It 's time India stood up and said 'me too ' , '' the former Rajya Sabha MP told the media .
The # MeToo campaign , which calls out sexual offenders , began in Hollywood late last year and triggered a global movement against sexual abuse .
Khan , the choreographer of songs such as `` Ek Do Teen '' and `` Choli Ke Peechay '' , had justified the the exchange of sexual favours for work in the film industry , saying it was not a new phenomenon and the film industry `` at least '' provided jobs and did not abandon women after raping them .
They also put the onus on women and said everyone , including people in the government , indulged in it .
`` I have already said I am sorry . But you do n't know the question that was asked ... And now there 's so much ruckus , '' Khan told media over the phone today as a video of their interaction with the media did the rounds of television networks and social media . For INDIA News Follow us on Facebook , Twitter , Google+ and for news updates download our News App . - - - - - - - - - Advertisement- - - - - - - - -
New Delhi : Congress leader Renuka Chowdhury on Tuesday said the casting couch was the `` bitter truth '' of not just the film industry but all work spaces and even Parliament was not immune to it .
Investors look at an electronic board showing stock information on the first trading day after the New Year holiday at a brokerage house in Shanghai , China , January 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Aly Song
Traders work at their desks in front of the German share price index , DAX board , at the stock exchange in Frankfurt , Germany , April 6 , 2017 . REUTERS/Staff/Remote
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) in New York , U.S. , March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
NEW YORK Global equity markets and the dollar edged higher on Thursday , helped by fresh data showing a tighter U.S. labor market , as investors stayed cautious before the first meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and their Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping .
Key stock indexes in Europe and on Wall Street climbed but a gauge of global equities .MIWD00000PUS was little changed , with gains offset by a decline in emerging markets .MSCIEF .
The dollar index .DXY rose after data showed new applications last week for U.S. unemployment benefits recorded their biggest drop in nearly two years .
Last week 's jobless claims data , however , has little bearing on the March employment report due out on Friday . Claims rose during the survey week for nonfarm payrolls last month , suggesting some moderation in the pace of job growth .
`` The market will be very remiss to do anything too sharp at this point , given that we have payrolls coming up , '' said Gennadiy Goldberg , an interest rate strategist at TD Securities in New York .
The dollar index .DXY rose 0.17 percent , with the euro EUR= down 0.21 percent to $ 1.064 . The Japanese yen JPY= eased 0.07 percent versus the greenback at 110.79 per dollar .
Trump faces pressure to deliver trade concessions with China for some of their most fervent supporters and to prevent a crisis with North Korea from spiraling out of control . However , White House officials have set expectations low for the meeting .
The market 's main concern is that Trump and Xi may not see eye-to-eye on most things and that traders will infer this from their body language , said Thierry Albert Wizman , global interest rates and currencies strategist , at Macquarie Group in New York .
`` Rather than a lack of agreement , however , the greater risk is a lack of deep engagement , '' they said .
On Wall Street , the Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI rose 14.8 points , or 0.07 percent , to 20,662.95 . The S & P 500 .SPX gained 4.54 points , or 0.19 percent , to 2,357.49 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 14.47 points , or 0.25 percent , to 5,878.95 .
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index .FTEU3 closed up 0.16 percent to 1,499.94 , while MSCI 's gauge of stocks across the globe .MIWD00000PUS fell 0.07 percent .
Oil prices rose nearly 1 percent , a fourth straight day of gains , but analysts warned record high U.S. inventories could derail the rally .
U.S. crude CLcv1 rose 55 cents to settle at $ 51.70 a barrel and Brent LCOcv1 settled up 53 cents at $ 54.89 .
U.S. Energy Department data show crude inventories at record levels , leading some analysts to say speculative buying is starting to reach dangerous levels from a technical perspective .
`` It 's hard to justify the move on the on back of fundamentals , '' said Robert Yawger , director in energy futures at Mizuho .
U.S. Treasury yields fell slightly ahead of the U.S. jobs report on Friday .
Benchmark 10-year Treasury notes US10YT=RR were last up 2/32 in price to yield 2.3480 percent .
Gold edged lower on Thursday , pressured by a firmer dollar on the back of upbeat U.S. unemployment data and as some investors sold to redeem profits after bullion 's recent advance . Spot gold XAU= fell 0.2 percent to $ 1,252.34 an ounce . U.S. gold futures GCcv1 settled up $ 4.80 to $ 1,253.30 . Copper CMCU3 lost 0.29 percent to $ 5,878.00 a tonne .
( Editing by Bernadette Baum and Nick Zieminski )
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK , June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks , while tamping down the risk of currency declines , regulatory filings showed on Wednesday .
Uber 's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc , the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes .
PARIS ( Reuters ) - Holders France ran into a spot of bother as they split the opening day 's singles matches to finish locked at 1-1 with the Netherlands in the first round of their Davis Cup World Group tie after being hit by injuries on Friday .
French number one Jo-Wilfried Tsonga had been ruled out of the tie with a knee problem and Lucas Pouille , who was scheduled to play the first singles rubber , pulled out injured on Friday .
That meant world number 25 Adrian Mannarino had to step in at the 11th hour and they ended up being outclassed 7-6 ( 4 ) 6-3 6-3 by world number 369 Thiemo De Bakker .
Richard Gasquet drew France level with a 6-4 7-6 ( 3 ) 3-6 7-5 win against Robin Haase .
Pouille , who gave France the winning point against Belgium in the 2017 final last November , pulled out suffering from a stiff neck .
“ Gasquet was solid . They went for the points , especially near the end of the game . It 's a good sign for the team , ” said France captain Yannick Noah .
Tennis - Davis Cup - First Round - France vs Netherlands - Halle Olympique , Albertville , France - February 2 , 2018 Netherlands ' Thiemo de Bakker with Adrian Mannarino of France after winning their match REUTERS/Emmanuel Foudrot
Noah said they were not sure Pouille would be able to play on Sunday .
“ I hope they can play but the medical staff will need to work miracles , ” added Noah .
Slideshow ( 5 Images )
Belgium got off to a commanding start in Liege against Hungary as Ruben Bemelmans and David Goffin won the opening singles . Switzerland , without 20-times grand slam champion Roger Federer and Stanislas Wawrinka , were 2-0 down against Kazakhstan in Astana .
Britain , without the services of Andy Murray who led them to the title in 2015 , were surprisingly tied at 1-1 with Spain . World number 114 Cameron Norrie upset Roberto Bautista Agut , 23rd in the ATP rankings , in a five-set thriller .
Serbia were on the brink of being eliminated after falling 2-0 behind against the United States . Sam Querrey and John Isner won their singles against Laslo Djere and Dusan Lajovic respectively .
Alexander Zverev needed five sets to tame unheralded Alex de Minaur to give Germany 1-0 lead against Australia before Nick Kyrgios overwhelmed Jan-Lennard Struff in straight sets to level the tie in Brisbane .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
BRIEF- Showcase- TV to buy GALAXY for 140 mln yen
* Says it will acquire 100 percent stake in GALAXY Inc , which is engaged in on-demand publishing business and media business , for 140 million yen
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Traders work at their desks in front of the German share price index , DAX board , at the stock exchange in Frankfurt , Germany , March 23 , 2017 . REUTERS/Staff/Remote
MILAN/LONDON European shares rose on Wednesday with little reaction to the well-flagged formal announcement of Britain 's intention to leave the European Union and start an uncertain two-year process of negotiation
The pan-European STOXX 600 index rose 0.4 percent to 378.5 points , its highest closing level in nearly 16 months , consolidating a rally that has been fuelled by brightening economic prospects in the region after years of sluggish growth .
Prime Minister Theresa May formally began Brexit proceedings on Wednesday , notifying EU Council President Donald Tusk that Britain is leaving the bloc it joined in 1973 .
`` I take a fairly relaxed view of the forthcoming Brexit negotiations , '' said Stefan Bielmeier , head of research and chief economist at DZ BANK in Frankfurt . `` They will lead to repeated fluctuations , especially in the foreign exchange markets , but I do not expect any sudden slumps in equity or currency markets '' .
Bielmeier said they believed Britain would probably bear most of the brunt of the Brexit process , while they expected German companies to react relatively flexibly by diverting their investments and exports .
On Wednesday German blue chip index rose 0.4 percent to 12,203 points , its highest level since April 2015 and at a striking distance from a record high of 12,390 points hit then .
German carmaker Daimler ( DAIGn.DE ) rose 1 percent after it said it expected record sales for its Mercedes-Benz cars for the first quarter . Its gains drove export-oriented autos stocks .SXAP up 0.5 percent . Automotive suppliers Faurecia ( EPED.PA ) and Valeo ( VLOF.PA ) benefited from broker upgrades .
Merger talks between London Stock Exchange ( LSE.L ) and Deutsche Boerse ( DB1Gn.DE ) were halted after EU antitrust regulators blocked the proposed deal , as expected , saying the merger 's size would have harmed competition .
LSE shares gained 2.7 percent , while Deutsche Boerse was up 2.3 percent .
Banks .SX7P fell 0.2 percent , underperforming the broader market , after sources told Reuters that European Central Bank policymakers are wary of making any new change to their policy message in April , signalling that easy-money is far from ending .
Deutsche Bank ( DBKGn.DE ) rose 1.3 percent , bucking the weaker sector trend , as traders were upbeat about prospects for its 8 billion euros cash call which was in its second week .
Rights DBKG_r.DE to buy the news shares offered in the recapitalisation of the German heavyweight bank rose 5.4 percent .
Engie ( ENGIE.PA ) rose 2.9 percent to its highest in more than four months after JP Morgan upgraded its view on the gas and electricity supplier to overweight .
Top-ranked JPM analyst Vincent Ayral said Engie had reached an inflection point , with the dilutive effects of the company 's transformation plan more than compensated by restructuring gains , supportive FX , and organic growth .
3I Group ( III.L ) gained 5.7 percent after Morgan Stanley raised the private equity group to `` overweight '' , saying the value proposition of Benelux-based discount retailer Action , an important part of 3I 's portfolio , is not fully priced in to the shares .
German online classified ads firm Scout24 ( G24n.DE ) plunged 8.9 percent after it posted results and a 2017 outlook below consensus .
Outside of the benchmark indexes , shares of Germany 's Aurelius ( AR4G.DE ) slumped more than 35 percent with losses accelerating into the close of trading . Investors remained unconvinced with the company 's rebuttal of short-seller Gotham City 's report on the stock .
( Editing by Jeremy Gaunt )
Actor Bill Cosby arrives to a hearing for their upcoming sexual assault trial at Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown , Pennsylvania , U.S. , April 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Clem Murray/Pool
Actor Bill Cosby ( R ) returns from a lunch break to a hearing for their upcoming sexual assault trial at Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown , Pennsylvania , U.S. , April 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Clem Murray/Pool
Actor Bill Cosby ( R ) is escorted back after a lunch break during a hearing for their upcoming sexual assault trial at Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown , Pennsylvania , U.S. , April 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Clem Murray/Pool
Actor Bill Cosby ( R ) arrives to a hearing for their upcoming sexual assault trial at Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown , Pennsylvania , U.S. , April 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Clem Murray/Pool
Actor Bill Cosby ( R ) leaves for a lunch break during a hearing for their upcoming sexual assault trial at Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown , Pennsylvania , U.S. , April 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Clem Murray/Pool
Actor Bill Cosby ( R ) is escorted back after a lunch break during a hearing for their upcoming sexual assault trial at Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown , Pennsylvania , U.S. , April 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Clem Murray/Pool
NORRISTOWN , Pa. Lawyers for comedian Bill Cosby and Pennsylvania prosecutors clashed in court on Monday over whether their own words can be used against them at their sexual assault trial in June .
Prosecutors are seeking to use numerous statements they say show Cosby 's willingness to use intoxicants to incapacitate women before assaulting them .
`` This evidence demonstrates that they think it 's OK to give women drugs in order to have sex with them , '' Assistant District Attorney M. Stewart Ryan told Judge Steven O'Neill of the Court of Common Pleas in Montgomery County in Norristown , just west of Philadelphia .
But Cosby 's lawyer , Brian McMonagle , accused prosecutors of trying a `` back-door play '' that would effectively let them introduce evidence of other sexual assault allegations unrelated to the case involving Andrea Constand , a former basketball coach at Temple University who accused Cosby of giving their pills in 2004 that left them unable to resist .
More than 50 women have leveled accusations at the 79-year-old Cosby , some stretching back decades . But the Pennsylvania case is the only criminal prosecution they have faced to date .
Cosby , whose career and wholesome image were shattered by the accusations , has said every sexual encounter was consensual .
During sworn depositions taken after Constand sued Cosby , the entertainer acknowledged obtaining prescription sedatives in the 1970s to give to young women .
Prosecutors said they should be allowed to use excerpts from Cosby 's autobiography and statements they made in a 1991 television interview , in which they described the power of an aphrodisiac called `` Spanish fly '' to put women in the `` mood . ''
But Cosby 's lawyers said the deposition testimony had nothing to do with Constand and the `` Spanish fly '' comments were jokes , not evidence .
`` It was comedy , '' McMonagle told O'Neill . `` It was not an admission . ''
Meanwhile , McMonagle said they would undermine Constand 's credibility by portraying their civil lawsuit as an attempt to get money .
But they asked O'Neill to bar the prosecution from mentioning the subsequent civil settlement , in which Cosby paid them an undisclosed sum in exchange for their agreement not to cooperate with future law enforcement efforts .
Prosecutors , however , said they should be allowed to bring up the deal to rebut the defense 's attempts to impugn Constand 's motives .
Jury selection will begin next month in Pittsburgh , hundreds of miles away . O'Neill previously agreed to empanel jurors from another county because of pretrial publicity . The jury will be in Norristown for the expected two weeks of trial .
( Reporting by Joseph Ax ; Editing by Bernadette Baum and Grant McCool )
April 20 KAROLINSKA DEVELOPMENT AB
* KAROLINSKA DEVELOPMENT ANNOUNCES CHAIRMAN BO JESPER HANSEN AND CEO JIM VAN HEUSDEN 'S DECISION TO STEP DOWN , AND THE PROMOTION OF VIKTOR DRVOTA TO CEO
* CEO , JIM VAN HEUSDEN , WILL FORMALLY LEAVE COMPANY AT END OF OCTOBER 2017 .
* BO JESPER HANSEN , CHAIRMAN , INFORMS THAT They WILL NOT STAND FOR RE-ELECTION AT 2017 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
* CEO , JIM VAN HEUSDEN , TENDERS Their RESIGNATION AND WILL FORMALLY LEAVE COMPANY AT END OF OCTOBER 2017
* PROMOTION OF VIKTOR DRVOTA AS COMPANY 'S CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER , EFFECTIVE JUNE 1 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
* Risk sentiment soured as Fed talks of paring balance sheet
* Prospects of early U.S. fiscal stimulus also dim
* Safe-haven swing hits equities , benefits bonds and yen
* Nikkei carves out 3-month trough , China PMI disappoints
* Oil slips on record inventories , coking coal surges
By Wayne Cole
SYDNEY , April 6 Stocks slipped and bonds rose in Asia on Thursday , with risk appetite soured by signs the Federal Reserve might start paring its king-sized asset holdings later this year just as the chance of early U.S. fiscal stimulus faded further .
Future markets pointed to opening falls of between 0.5 percent and 0.7 percent for the major European bourses while S & P 500 futures eased 0.2 percent .
Investors were also wary ahead of a potentially tense meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and their Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping , the first between the world 's two most powerful leaders .
Topping the agenda at Trump 's Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida will be whether they make good on their threat to use U.S.-China trade ties to pressure Beijing to do more to rein in its nuclear-armed neighbour North Korea .
Nerves were not helped when U.S. Pacific Fleet Commander Admiral Scott Swift said any decision on a pre-emptive attack against North Korea would be up to President Donald Trump .
Lingering fears of a possible trade war kept Asian markets on edge and MSCI 's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan lost 0.8 percent .
Japan 's Nikkei fell 1.4 percent to its lowest since early December . Australia 's index lost 0.5 percent .
Shares in Shanghai made marginal gains as a private survey of China 's service sector showed activity expanded at its slowest pace in six months in March .
Sentiment had been bruised overnight when U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said there was no consensus on tax reform and it would take longer to accomplish than healthcare .
Markets have risen in recent months in part on speculation fiscal stimulus would boost U.S. growth and inflation .
Minutes of the Fed 's last meeting also showed most policymakers thought the U.S. central bank should begin trimming its $ 4.5 trillion balance sheet later this year , much earlier than many had expected .
`` Central bank asset purchases and broader largesse have been a key support factor for markets for nearly a decade , '' said ANZ economist Felicity Emmett , who wondered if the global economy could cope with such a sea change .
`` Raising the fed funds rate a quarter of a point every now and then is tinkering at the edges compared to the elephant in the room that is the balance sheet . ''
WHIPLASH ON WALL STREET
The minutes also showed `` some participants viewed equity prices as quite high relative to standard valuation measures . ''
The reaction was whiplash on Wall Street . The Dow posted its largest intra-day downside reversal in 14 months after shedding a gain of more than 198 points .
The Dow ended down 0.2 percent , while the S & P 500 lost 0.31 percent and the Nasdaq 0.58 percent .
`` We were hit by a bucket of cold water , '' said Norihiro Fujito , senior investment strategist at Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities .
`` Signs that the Fed could pare its balance sheet are shocking enough , but the mood was exacerbated as the Fed touched upon stock valuations , which is very rare . ''
The news overshadowed data showing U.S. private employers added a surprisingly strong 263,000 jobs in March , spurring speculation the official payrolls report on Friday would also impress .
Treasuries rallied , with yields on 10-year paper back at 2.33 percent and threatening to clear a hugely important chart barrier at 2.30 percent .
The drop in yields dragged the dollar down on the yen , where it was last at 110.43 and nearing chart support in the 110.11/27 zone .
Against a basket of currencies , the dollar was off 0.1 percent at 100.450 . The euro was trading sideways at $ 1.0676 .
In commodity markets , oil ticked lower after the U.S. government reported a surprise increase in U.S. crude inventories to a record high .
U.S. crude was down 29 cents at $ 50.86 a barrel , while Brent lost 27 cents to $ 54.09 .
Easily the biggest mover this week has been coking coal , which surged 43 percent on Singapore-listed futures after Cyclone Debbie slammed into top supplier Australia , crippling exports of the steelmaking fuel . ( Editing by Shri Navaratnam and Kim Coghill )
SUNRISE , Fla. - The pain of the parents of the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School students killed in the Valentine 's Day massacre was familiar to Sybrina Fulton . Them unarmed 17-year-old son Trayvon Martin was killed in Sanford , Fla. , six years ago .
The former Miami Jackson Senior High School teacher and program coordinator for the Miami-Dade Housing Authority now works for the Trayvon Martin Foundation . Like the parents in Parkland , the grieving mother said they decided to do everything in their power to prevent another tragedy .
`` We want to move forward and we want to keep on putting the pressure on to make sure that we get these laws changed , '' Fulton said Monday during a news conference in Sunrise .
Fulton was standing next to Fred Guttenberg , a real estate broker who lost their 14-year-old daughter Jaime in the Valentine 's Day massacre that left 17 dead at the school in Parkland . The tragedy prompted a wave of activist now known as the `` Never Again '' movement .
`` I am desperate to go wherever I can to have this conversation to bring about rational , sane , common-sense gun safety measures , '' Guttenberg said .
Fulton worked as a program coordinator for the Miami-Dade Housing Authority and as a Miami Jackson Senior High School teacher . Nothing prepared them for the life of activism that has involved regular meetings with politicians and co-authoring a book .
Although Zimmerman used a Kel-Tec PF-9 9mm pistol , and the circumstances of their son 's death were different , Fulton supports Guttenberg 's mission . The parents met with Rep. Debbie Wasserman Shultz , who said there is a need for legislation , to prevent young people from dying in shootings .
Wasserman Schultz said their goal is to push for legislation to ban assault rifles and high-capacity magazines , and to get rid of the `` loopholes '' of the federal background check system .
The Never Again movement is planning events in Washington , D.C. , and around the nation March 24 .
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Following are five big themes likely to dominate thinking of investors and traders in the coming week and the Reuters stories related to them .
1/ SUPER THURSDAY
It 's “ Super Thursday ” for the Bank of England next week when it decides on interest rates , publishes minutes from its last meeting , and issues its quarterly Inflation Report . No move on rates is expected this time around - that could come in May - so all eyes will be on the inflation and growth outlook .
The global economy is booming , though Britain is the clear laggard among major economies thanks to Brexit . But UK bond yields are being caught up in the global push higher , hitting a pre-Brexit vote peak this week of 1.59 percent .
The one big difference since the last “ Super Thursday ” in November when the Bank raised rates and even its last meeting in December is sterling . The pound hit $ 1.43 recently , well up from $ 1.32 in November and $ 1.34 in December , and close to its pre-Brexit level of $ 1.48 . How will sterling 's resurgence , as well as oil prices and global growth , factor into the BoE 's outlook ?
Graphic : Sterling/Dollar - reut.rs/2EyRwdd
After first UK rate rise in a decade , chances grow of another in May
Bank of England at forefront of global rates dilemma
Bank of England 's Carney speaks in UK House of Lords
2/ COOLING-OFF DOWN UNDER
Hot housing markets losing steam , inflation below expectations and stronger currencies will provide food for thought to Australian and New Zealand central bankers at policy meetings on Tuesday and Wednesday . Interest rate hike expectations may be pushed further down the road .
Meanwhile , it 's the monthly China data dump , with the latest consumer and producer price inflation , trade , service sector activity and FX reserves figures all due for release . Inflation is expected to slow , giving the PBOC some breathing space . Given the rise in protectionist rhetoric and indeed , action , coming out of Washington , close attention will be paid to China 's trade surplus with the United States .
Graphic : Australia and New Zealand Dollars - reut.rs/2EyllKW
China Jan factory growth remains strong as output accelerates - Caixin PMI
3/ WHAM , BAM , THANK YOU UNCLE SAM
The U.S. trade deficit is expected to grow when data for December is released Tuesday . Analysts predict the deficit to widen to $ 51.7 billion from November 's $ 50.5 billion .
While the weak dollar would typically help boost U.S. exports , strong domestic demand is delivering record imports . This coincides with increased trade growth and accelerating economic growth elsewhere .
Markets will watch out for U.S. retail sales due later in the month , which have grown every month since July . The positive trend along with rising consumer confidence will likely contribute to the bulging deficit as importers look to stock shelves .
Meanwhile U.S. politics could throw a spanner in the market works . Another government shutdown is looming , with approved funding due to run out on Thursday .
Graphic : U.S. Trade Deficit with U.S. Retail Sales - reut.rs/2Evygx6
The German share price index , DAX board , is seen at the stock exchange in Frankfurt , Germany , February 1 , 2018 . REUTERS/Staff/Remote
U.S. trade deficit rises to near six-year high on record imports
U.S. retail sales rise ; core sales revised sharply higher
U.S. Treasury Secretary Mnuchin urges Congress to raise debt ceiling as another shutdown looms
4/ MIND THE GAP
As company results roll in , a gap has opened between earnings growth expectations for European and U.S. equities . While the weak dollar has bruised some European companies with high U.S. exposure , firms across the pond have seen their earnings revised up thanks in part to Washington 's tax overhaul .
A slew of results will keep investors on their toes , with oil majors BP ( BP.L ) and Total ( TOTF.PA ) , banks including BNP Paribas ( BNPP.PA ) and UniCredit ( CRDI.MI ) as well as drugmakers GSK ( GSK.L ) and Sanofi ( SASY.PA ) slated to push out numbers .
The lag in earnings expectations could make European shares more vulnerable to a potential pullback . European stocks just had their worst week in more than a year , though surging U.S. bond yields helped put Wall Street on course for its worst week in two years .
But European sentiment could be bolstered by attractive valuations . Europe 's stocks are 9 percent cheaper than average relative to U.S. peers , according to Morgan Stanley , which has a maximum overweight in European equities .
Graphic : U.S. & Europe Earnings Growth Chart - reut.rs/2DUPB1b
European tech gets second wind after record-breaking 2017
European stocks still a bargain relative to U.S .
5/ TAKING A HIKE
It 's a busy week for emerging market central banks with rate-setting meetings from Asia to Latin America and all points in between .
In Russia a small rate cut could be on the cards as annual inflation has slid below the bank 's target of 4 percent . Russia 's central bank governor has already said the bank may cut rates faster than expected .
But other central banks are still keeping a watchful eye on inflation , with Mexico expected to raise rates from the current near nine-year high of 7.25 percent . Romania could also hike again after its January increase - its first in a decade .
Meanwhile the Reserve Bank of India is expected to hold rates at 6 percent for now but India 's expansionary budget , which raises spending for rural areas , could prompt the bank to toughen its tone .
Graphic : Russian Central Bank vs. Inflation - reut.rs/2DXT5QL
Russia seen cutting key rate in Feb , boosting consumer demand
Russia central bank chief says may speed up rate cuts
Mexico inflation risks require firm monetary policy
Indian budget spurs inflation worries ahead of RBI policy
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $ 31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys , as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country .
Human rights commissioner at the Council of Europe Nils Muiznieks speaks during an interview with Reuters in Warsaw , Poland June 15 , 2016 . REUTERS/Kacper Pempel
DUBLIN Ireland must loosen its strict abortion laws and replace them with a regime more respectful to women 's rights , the Council of Europe 's human rights commissioner said on Wednesday .
Rules on terminating a pregnancy in once stridently Catholic Ireland are among the world 's most restrictive and a referendum on widening access could be held if a citizens ' assembly set up by government recommends it in a decision expected next month .
At present , terminations are allowed only if a mother 's life is in danger , after a total ban was lifted in 2013 , a provision Commissioner Nils Muiznieks said still has a `` chilling '' effect on doctors who must decide who meets restrictive requirements .
The Council , not part of the European Union , is a pan-European body concerned primarily with the region 's human rights .
`` It 's an unjust regime because it does n't actually affect the number of abortions . If a woman has means to travel , they will do so , so that leave poorer women to fend for themselves in Ireland , '' Muiznieks told Reuters in a telephone interview .
This deepens social inequalities and often leads to traumatic , clandestine procedures , Muiznieks said in a Council of Europe report covering a range of human rights issues in Ireland .
`` Culturally , politically , socially , Ireland has changed significantly and I think that is not reflected in the current regime , '' they said .
Muiznieks joined the United Nations Human Rights Committee in recommending that at a very minimum , the Irish government should decriminalize abortion and widen the law to allow for abortion in cases of fatal fetal abnormality , rape or incest .
In a letter responding to the recommendations , Ireland 's government said the current laws do not prevent a doctor communicating in a normal way with regards to a patient 's care .
The report was also critical of the government 's handling of past abuses of women and children at Church-run institutions , saying enquiries into different cases had been inconsistent and redress proposed to victims inadequate .
The comments came after Ireland said it may widen an inquiry into so-called `` mother-and-baby homes '' -- one of three areas where shortcomings were identified in the report -- after the remains of babies ranging from new-born to three-years-old were found in the sewers of one such home this month .
While the Catholic Church ran many of Ireland 's social services in the 20th century , they did so with state funding and the report expressed concern that in most cases , the state 's accountability `` has not been fully accepted , if at all ''
The government 's response did not specifically mention `` mother-and-baby homes '' but it said authorities will give the recommendations careful attention .
`` The approach of the government heretofore has been quite ad-hoc . The people have waited a long time , if you 're going to do it , do it right . These are quite serious human rights violations we 're talking about , '' Muiznieks said .
`` The government can not wash its hands of the human rights violations that took place . It 's quite uncomfortable to have this mirror in front of you but the only way to move on is to provide justice . ''
( Editing by Jeremy Gaunt )
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco 's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia 's ruling family and executives of the kingdom 's state oil company over where to list its shares , the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday .
* For the midday report , please click
SEOUL , March 31 The South Korean won ended Friday at its lowest level in a week as the dollar rose on stronger U.S. economic data and comments from Federal Reserve officials , slightly pressuring the local currency .
However , shares were up 3.3 percent for the month , their biggest monthly percentage gain in 13 months .
The won was quoted at 1,118.4 to the dollar at the conclusion of onshore trade , down 0.1 percent compared to Thursday 's close of 1,117.2 . It was the lowest closing level since March 24 .
The local currency strengthened both for the week and the month . It rose 1.1 percent in March , a third straight month of gain .
Shares ended weaker than selling by local investors offset foreign buying .
The Korea Composite Stock Price Index ( KOSPI ) closed down 0.2 percent at 2,160.23 points .
Offshore investors bought a net 24.3 billion won ( $ 21.73 million ) worth of KOSPI shares , marking their fifth straight buying session .
Shares ended the week down 0.4 percent , but were up for the month , marking a fourth straight month of gains . ( Reporting by Dahee Kim ; Editing by Vyas Mohan )
April 5 Gore Spain Holdings SOCIMI I SA :
* Said on Tuesday the sole shareholder , GreenOak Spain Investments Sarl , had agreed to authorize the transfer by the company of 100 percent of shares of GO Spain XXI , GreenOak Spain Solar , Inversiones Baglio , Inversiones Barrow , Inversiones Fraser , Inversiones Grace , Inversiones Mandrem , Inversiones Manly , Inversiones Margarita , Inversiones Ninara , Inversiones Reinga and Inversiones Silang
* The transfer will take place within the following three months in the terms and conditions that the board consider appropriate ( including , among others , the transfer price and the corresponding most adequate purchaser )
Source text : bit.ly/2nCL1fp
Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON , June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday , opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date .
NEW YORK , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - A judge has dismissed a lawsuit by a federal credit union in Manhattan that sought to block U.S. President Donald Trump from installing Mick Mulvaney as acting director of the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau .
In a decision made public on Friday , U.S. District Judge Paul Gardephe in Manhattan said the Lower East Side People 's Federal Credit Union lacked legal authority to sue , rejecting what they called the plaintiff 's “ fear-based theory of standing . ”
Gardephe said the credit union failed to show that any actual or expected policy changes under Mulvaney would undermine its ability to fulfill its mission of improving the health of underserved communities .
“ Organizations advocating for a particular policy goal who have alleged no injury to themselves as organizations may not establish their standing simply on the basis of that goal , ” Gardephe wrote . Their decision is dated Thursday .
Lawyers for the credit union did not immediately respond to requests for comment .
The U.S. Department of Justice , which represented Trump and Mulvaney , did not immediately respond to similar requests .
Trump appointed Mulvaney as temporary head of the CFPB in November , replacing Richard Cordray , an appointee of President Barack Obama .
Mulvaney , a critic of the regulator , has since taken steps that may herald a rollback of some of Cordray 's policies .
The credit union had sought to have the court declare CFPB Deputy Director Leandra English , who Cordray designated as their preferred interim successor , as the acting director .
English in November filed their own lawsuit in the federal court in Washington , D.C. to block Mulvaney from taking charge .
In seeking to dismiss the credit union lawsuit , the Justice Department said forcing Trump to appoint English would be an “ extraordinary intrusion into core Executive Branch operations ” and upend the “ consensus view ” that Mulvaney deserved the job .
The case is Lower East Side People 's Federal Credit Union v Trump et al , U.S. District Court , Southern District of New York , No . 17-09536 . ( Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York ; Editing by Andrew Hay )
April 5 Taser International Inc :
* Taser International is launching a new program to equip every police officer in America with a body camera and changing its name to Axon
* Taser International - will provide supporting hardware , software , data storage , training , and support to police departments free of cost for one year
* Taser International - Axon offers free body cameras for every police officer in U.S . Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
BRIEF-Plymouth says Real Estate Diversified Income Fund reports 6.28 percent passive stake in co
* Resource Real Estate Diversified Income Fund reports a 6.28 percent passive stake in Plymouth Industrial REIT Inc as of June 09 , 2017 - SEC Filing Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
LONDON , March 29 ( Thomson Reuters Foundation ) - Farmers around the world are using an unsustainable amount of well water to irrigate their crops – which could lead to an uptick in food prices as that water runs low , international researchers warned Wednesday .
Farmers are increasing their use of groundwater — water naturally stored underground — to grow staple crops such as rice , wheat and cotton , the scientists said .
But much of that water use is unsustainable as water is being pumped out faster than it can be naturally replenished .
“ Groundwater depletion is increasing rapidly , especially in the last 10 , 20 years , due to the increasing populations and also associated food production , ” said Yoshihide Wada , deputy water program director at the International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis , a science organisation based in Austria .
The shortages are occurring in some big agricultural producers such as India , China and the United States , they said . But they could have an impact on a much wider area of the world because “ much of the agricultural production is traded internationally ” , they said .
An estimated 11 percent of crops irrigated using non-renewable groundwater are traded internationally after harvest , the researchers said in a report published in the journal Nature .
Countries such as Pakistan , Iran and India , which use the most groundwater to grow food , are already suffering from water scarcity , the report said .
For many countries “ it does n't really make sense that you 're exporting a lot of food that comes from groundwater depletion ” , Wada said in an interview with the Thomson Reuters Foundation .
Economically , unsustainable use of groundwater could lead to rising future food prices , as countries are forced to spend more money to find water to irrigate their crops , they said .
Depleted supplies of groundwater could also hurt local people , who rely on the water for day-to-day use and for other things , including fighting fires or dealing with other emergencies , the scientists said .
Droughts , which are expected to increase as a result of climate change , could also increase the shortages of groundwater and impact food supplies , lead author Carole Dalin added in a statement .
“ Where and how the products are grown is crucial , and basic foods like rice and bread could have a damaging impact on global water supplies , ” said Dalin , a research fellow at University College London 's Institute for Sustainable Resources .
Unless both food producers and food buyers adopt strategies to use water more wisely , “ most of the world 's population risks seeing increased food prices or disrupted food supply ” , they warned .
Wada said governments should more closely monitor the use of groundwater and invest in things like drip irrigation technology , which can dramatically cut water use , to better prepare for the future and conserve natural resources .
( Reporting by J.D . Capelouto ; editing by Laurie Goering : ; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation , the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters , that covers humanitarian news , climate change , resilience , women 's rights , trafficking and property rights . Visit news.trust.org/climate )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday , June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season . ( SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout )
BEIJING China 's insurance regulator on Thursday called on insurance companies to strengthen supervision of operations and investment activities and correct market disorder .
Financial regulators have moved aggressively in recent weeks to tackle risk in China 's financial system by issuing a slew of regulations and notices .
The China Insurance Regulatory Commission ( CIRC ) cautioned insurance firms to effectively close regulatory loopholes in the latest risk notice published on its website late on Thursday .
In recent years , some insurers have taken sizable stakes in market-listed companies , often funded by the issuance of high-yield , short-term universal life insurance and other investment products .
Thursday 's notice cautioned insurers to maintain strict controls to prevent illicit activities , and pay particular attention to the illegal use of funds , falsified shareholder investment , and corporate governance failures .
( Reporting by Matthew Miller ; Editing by Clarence Fernandez )
A teenage boy has been sentenced for sexual offences against three girls they went to school with in Crawley .
The boy , who can not be named for legal reasons , appeared at Crawley Youth Court on Friday December 1 , and was referred to the West Sussex Youth Offender panel for 12 months , after pleading guilty to four offences , said police .
They engaged in sexual activity with one of the girls , and incited all three to send indecent images of themselves to him , two of whom did so , including the girl with whom they engaged in sexual activity , added police .
Detective Constable Dani Flude of the West Sussex Safeguarding Investigations Unit said ; “ This was a distressing case in which the boy engaged in relationships with the three girls for some time , intimidating two into sending topless photos and engaging in unwanted sexual activity with one of them .
“ His behaviour and messaging became increasingly frequent , sexual and coercive and only when one of the girls finally confided in their mother were we informed so that an investigation could take place .
“ Young people need to be assured that they do not have to accept this type of criminal behaviour .
“ Speak to parents , guardians and ensure we are told . We will always investigate and take action wherever possible , and can help you get more advice and support . ”
Tense moments for law enforcers in wake of Las Vegas sniper attack by Eric Mullens HUERFANO– Huerfano County law enforcement faced some tense hours Tuesday after deputies serving a search warrant in a rural part of the county south of Gardner heard four to six gunshots they believed were fired in their direction . The incident
ZURICH , March 29 The Swiss blue-chip SMI was seen opening 0.2 percent higher at 8,615 points on Wednesday , according to premarket indications by bank Julius Baer .
Here are some of the main factors that may affect Swiss stocks on Wednesday .
ROCHE
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) on Tuesday approved Roche Holding AG 's multiple sclerosis ( MS ) drug Ocrevus , putting the potential blockbuster drug back on track after a delay by regulators over manufacturing issues .
For more news , click
ZURICH INSURANCE
Holds annual shareholder meeting at 1100 GMT
It appointed Francis Bouchard to the new position of group head of communications and public affairs as of July 1
COMPANY STATEMENTS
* Sika shareholder Schenker-Winkler Holding , the investment vehicle of the founding family , said it will propose a dividend of 96 Swiss francs ( $ 96.74 ) per bearer share at the company 's AGM next month , and recommend the board 's planned payout of 102 francs per share be rejected .
* ABB is exploring the possibility of investing in Indian start-up companies , Indian publication Business Line reported .
* Swiss Takeover Board says determined that the report of the board of directors of LifeWatch AG regarding the public tender and exchange offer of AEVIS VICTORIA SA meets the legal requirements . Takeover Board also found LifeWatch did not violate the principle of equal treatment vis-à-vis AEVIS VICTORIA SA with respect to the access to a due diligence .
* LifeWatch also said Antoine Hubert and Antoine Kohler have informed the company that they will not stand for re-election to its board of directors at the next annual general meeting to be held on April 26 , 2017 .
* Vaudoise Assurances reported FY net profit down at 124.8 mln Swiss francs .
* Hochdorf Holding AG says completed placement of mandatory convertible securities in aggregate amount of 218.5 million Swiss francs with Neue Helvetische Bank AG acting as Lead Manager
* Panalpina 's board of directors proposes to elect Dirk Reich as a new member of the board at the upcoming Annual General Meeting ( AGM ) , to be held on May 3 , 2017 . They would succeed Roger Schmid , who will not stand for re-election .
ECONOMY
* The Swiss National Bank can not tighten monetary policy ahead of other countries , SNB Governing Board member Andrea Maechler said , forecasting the global low-rate environment would continue for some time amid heightened uncertainty .
* The UBS consumption indicator rose to 1.50 points in February from 1.44 , indicating solid private consumption in the first quarter .
Investor sentiment index for March due at 0800 GMT ( $ 1 = 0.9923 Swiss francs ) ( Reporting by Zurich newsroom )
* U.S. economy adds 200,000 jobs in Jan. vs est . 180,000
* Avg hourly earnings up 0.3 pct ; Unemployment rate unchanged
* Bond yields rise further after jobs data
* Record profit boosts Amazon ; Alphabet drops on profit miss
* Futures lower : Dow 237 pts , S & P 19.75 pts , Nasdaq 33 pts ( Adds details , comment , updates prices )
By Tanya Agrawal
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - U.S. stock index futures added to their losses on Friday after data showed job growth surged in January and wages increased further , bolstering expectations that inflation will push higher , and bond yields rose further .
A Labor Department report showed nonfarm payrolls increased by 200,000 jobs in January , above the 180,000 rises expected by economists surveyed by Reuters . The unemployment rate stayed unchanged at a 17-year low of 4.1 percent .
Average hourly earnings rose 0.3 percent , building on December 's solid 0.4 percent gain . That boosted the year-on-year increase in average hourly earnings to 2.9 percent , the largest rise since June 2009 .
The strong payrolls data feeds into the U.S. Federal Reserve 's narrative of a firming economy . The Fed left interest rates unchanged on Wednesday , but flagged “ further gradual ” rate hikes . The market has currently priced in three hikes for 2018 .
“ Traders are going to be talking about rate hikes more than the Superbowl today , ” said Michael Antonelli , managing director at institutional sales trading at Robert W. Baird .
“ The market had coalesced around expectations for three rate hikes this year . Slightly hawkish comments and wage hikes will make it four . What is good for the average American worker ends up being negative for stocks because it increases the odds of further rate hikes . ”
At 8:40 a.m . ET ( 1340 GMT ) , Dow e-minis were down 237 points , or 0.91 percent , with 76,885 contracts changing hands .
S & P 500 e-minis were down 19.75 points , or 0.7 percent , with 319,946 contracts traded .
Nasdaq 100 e-minis were down 33 points , or 0.48 percent , on volume of 96,655 contracts .
The CBOE Volatility Index , the most widely followed gauge for investors ' fear of stock market volatility , rose to 14.55 , after having fallen in the previous two sessions .
Benchmark 10-year Treasury yields extended their rise after the payrolls data and jumped to more than 2.818 percent , its highest level since early 2014 . A rise in yields raises borrowing costs for companies and give traders an alternative investment option .
Some investors have also grown wary of the pace of the global equity bull run , and have begun reducing their exposure to equities . Bank of America Merrill Lynch said in a weekly note on global asset flows that its bull and bear indicator hit 8.6 , triggering a sell signal for risk assets .
The U.S. stock market roared out of the blocks in 2018 , before pulling back this week due to rising yields . The S & P 500 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average are on track to post their biggest weekly losses since the end of 2016 .
Even reports from major companies have failed to enthuse .
Shares of Google-parent Alphabet fell 3.8 percent in premarket trading after the company 's quarterly profit missed analysts ' estimates .
Apple was struggling for direction and was last down 0.6 percent as investors weighed up strong iPhone prices and cash plans with the company 's muted forecast .
Amazon.com rose 5.3 percent after reporting a record profit of near $ 2 billion , helped by a rise in online sales and tax law changes .
So far , though , S & P 500 companies have posted strong results , with about 80 percent of the 227 that have reported beating Wall Street 's profit estimates , according to Thomson Reuters data . ( Reporting by Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru ; Editing by Savio D ‘ Souza )
The recall will affect 21,494 units of the Dzire
Maruti Suzuki India has recalled 21,494 units of its Dzire compact sedan . The recall is to inspect and fix a possible faulty rear wheel hub in these cars . The carmaker had initiated the recall back in October but the news went completely unnoticed .
Under this campaign , all units of the Dzire manufactured between February 23 and July 10 , 2017 are being recalled to inspect and replace the possible faulty part . To know whether their cars fall under the said recall or not , customers can enter their Dzire 's chassis number ( MA3 followed by the 14-digit alphanumeric number ) on the official Maruti Suzuki website . However , it 's a voluntary recall and no car has been reported to have a faulty rear wheel hub as of now .
Maruti Suzuki dealers have been contacting owners of the compact sedan built during this period since early October . In such cases , the cost of inspection and replacement of the faulty part is usually borne by the company .
Since its launch in May earlier this year , the new Dzire has received an overwhelming response from the Indian auto enthusiasts . Its milestone figure of one lakh sales in less than six months is a testimony to this fact . The compact sedan has been topping the sales charts in the country for last three months and has managed to even beat the Alto siblings quite convincingly .
The new Dzire is a radical departure from its predecessor and features LED DRLs , projector headlamps and a neatly sculpted boot along with increased cabin space . This time around , both the petrol- and diesel-powered versions of the Dzire are available with an AMT ( automated manual transmission ) as well . The fuel efficiency has also increased , and it now reads 28.4kmpl and 22kmpl for diesel and petrol variants , respectively .
Read More on : Swift Dzire AMT
Mar 26 , 2017 ; Austin , TX , USA ; Jon Rahm of Spain plays against Dustin Johnson of the United States during the final round of the World Golf Classic - Dell Match Play golf tournament at Austin Country Club . Mandatory Credit : Erich Schlegel-USA TODAY Sports
Jon Rahm may have been too tired to play a full practice round this week but there was no chance the red-hot Spanish rookie was going to skip the final pre-Masters tune-up at this week 's Shell Houston Open .
Rahm , who will make their Masters debut next week , played 108 holes in seven rounds over five days during their run to the WGC-Dell Match Play final , and fatigue forced them to end Tuesday 's practice round after nine holes .
`` I was tired yesterday . I am tired today . That 's just things that happen , right ? '' said Rahm . `` Luckily , I 'm 22 and I 'm pretty sure I 'll be able to get one good night ( of rest ) and be ready to play on Thursday . ''
Rahm , who fought back after losing five holes during a six-hole stretch on the front nine to push world number one Dustin Johnson to the 18th hole on Sunday , has been hot all year .
In their last five starts , Rahm has four top-five finishes , including their first PGA Tour win at January 's Farmers Insurance Open and back-to-back top-three placings in World Golf Championships events in Mexico City and Austin .
While Johnson , whose win on Sunday was their third victory in as many events , decided to withdraw from this week 's tournament , Rahm felt it was important to keep playing .
Rahm played two majors last year – the U.S. Open and the British Open – and did not compete in the final tune-up before either tournament . So after finishing in a tie for 23rd at Oakmont and a tie for 59th at Royal Troon they decided to try a new approach this year .
`` For the British Open , I think I would have benefited from playing the week before , '' Rahm said . `` That 's why I want to play this week . ... Last week I played good . Why would n't I keep that level of play up ? ''
The world number 14 will face stiff competition at the Golf Club of Houston in Humble , Texas , where 2011 winner Phil Mickelson is among 10 previous champions in the field .
World number five Henrik Stenson heads the list and will be looking to go one better than their 2016 runner-up finish to American journeyman Jim Herman . The other top-10 players in the field are Jordan Spieth , Adam Scott and Rickie Fowler .
The tournament , which begins on Thursday , is the final chance for PGA Tour players to secure a last-minute invitation to the Masters .
( Reporting by Frank Pingue in Toronto , editing by Ed Osmond )
March 28Leone Film Group SpA :
* Reported on Monday FY revenue 54.7 million euros ( $ 59.40 million ) versus 38.8 million euros a year ago
* FY EBITDA of 23.6 million euros versus 19.2 million euros a year ago
* FY net profit 1.8 million euros versus 3.6 million euros a year ago
* Proposes dividend of 0.09 euros per share
* Sees to reach in 2019 a consolidated turnover of 67.3 million euros , consolidated EBITDA of 43.4 million euros and a consolidated EBIT of 11.6 million euros with consolidated net financial position of 40.9 million euros for a total investment in the period 2017 - 2019 of 90.5 million euros
Source text for Eikon :
Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9208 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
March 30 Monrif SpA :
* FY revenue 167.3 million euros ( $ 179.45 million ) versus 179.2 million euros a year ago
* FY net loss 2.5 million euros versus profit 3.7 million euros a year ago
* In FY 2017 sees maintenance of profitability recorded in FY 2016 , when there will be no unforeseeable events Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9323 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
FILE PHOTO : Syria 's President Bashar al-Assad speaks during an interview with RIA Novosti and Sputnik in this handout picture provided by SANA on April 21 , 2017 , Syria . SANA/Handout via REUTERS
VIENNA ( Reuters ) - The U.N. Commission of Inquiry on Syria has gathered enough evidence for President Bashar al-Assad to be convicted of war crimes , a prominent member of the commission , Carla del Ponte , said in remarks published on Sunday .
Del Ponte , 70 , who prosecuted war crimes in Rwanda and former Yugoslavia , announced last week that they were stepping down from their role in frustration at the U.N. Security Council 's failure to continue the commission 's work by setting up a special tribunal for Syria that could try alleged war criminals .
They have not said when they will leave their post .
Asked in an interview with Swiss newspaper SonntagsZeitung whether there was enough evidence for Assad to be convicted of war crimes , they said : `` Yes , I am convinced that is the case . That is why the situation is so frustrating . The preparatory work has been done . Despite that , there is no prosecutor and no court . ''
The Syrian government led by Assad denies reports by the commission documenting widespread war crimes committed by government-backed forces and Syria 's security services .
FILE PHOTO : Carla del Ponte , member of the Independent Commission of Inquiry on the Syrian Arab Republic attends a news conference into events in Aleppo at the United Nations in Geneva , Switzerland , March 1 , 2017 . Denis Balibouse
Del Ponte , a former Swiss attorney general , joined the three-member Syria inquiry in September 2012 , chronicling incidents such as chemical weapons attacks , a genocide against Iraq 's Yazidi population , siege tactics , and the bombing of aid convoys .
The commission was set up in August 2011 and has regularly reported on human rights violations , but its pleas to observe international law have largely fallen on deaf ears .
Although the United Nations is setting up a new body to prepare prosecutions , there is no sign of any court being established to try war crimes committed in the six-and-a-half year-old war . Nor is there any intention by the U.N. Security Council to refer the situation to the International Criminal Court in the Hague .
`` For six years , the commission has investigated . Now a prosecutor should continue our work and bring the war criminals before a special court . But that is exactly what Russia is blocking with its veto in the U.N. Security Council , '' del Ponte was quoted as saying .
Russia , a close ally of Assad 's government , has a veto on the Security Council as one of its five permanent members .
Asked which of the parties to the conflict the commission had primarily investigated , they said : `` They all committed war crimes . Therefore we investigated all of them . ''
April 5 Aeon Co M Bhd :
* Refers to the co 's announcement on 10 July 2014 in relation to the SPA in respect of the acquisition of a piece of freehold land
* Co will seek refund of earnest deposit , balance deposit , first and second payment totaling 13.9 million RGT from vendor
* Termination of the sale and purchase agreement ( SPA ) with Genting Property Sdn . Bhd .
* Termination is not expected to have any material financial impact to company Source text : ( bit.ly/2nag2Mo ) Further company coverage :
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Some trains were canceled , flights were grounded and a rugby match was called off on Sunday after Britain experienced heavy snow fall in some areas .
Members of the public push a car up a hill in Leverstock Green , Hertfordshire , Britain , December 10 , 2017 . REUTERS/Paul Childs
Britain 's Met Office said there was an “ amber weather warning ” particularly across central England and warned travelers that “ road , rail and air travel delays are likely , as well as stranding of vehicles and public transport cancellations ” .
There were 28 centimeters of snow in Sennybridge , in Wales , and 12 centimeters in High Wycombe , just outside the capital London .
Flights were suspended in Birmingham in central England , while more than 10 train lines reported delays . A rugby match in London was postponed due to “ adverse weather conditions surrounding the ground ” .
* Lawmakers resolve to pass new budget by May
* Only 214 people in Nigeria pay tax over $ 65,000
* OPEC nation experiencing first recession in 25 years
ABUJA , March 30 Nigeria 's parliament resolved to pass the 2017 budget more swiftly than last year and avoid a repeated delay of the spending plan being signed into law , the Senate said on Thursday , as the OPEC member struggled with its balance sheet .
The budget must be agreed by lawmakers before it can be signed into law by President Muhammadu Buhari , who is facing rising criticism over their handling of Africa 's largest economy .
Buhari presented their record 7.298 trillion naira ( $ 23.2 billion ) 2017 budget to lawmakers in December and returned to Nigeria from Britain in March after nearly two months of medical leave for an unspecified illness .
The latest budget aims to pull Nigeria out of its first recession in 25 years , largely caused by low oil prices and attacks on energy facilities in its Niger Delta oil hub .
Under pressure to find news sources of income , the government needs to control endemic corruption and a loose tax policy that allows many to gorge off Nigeria 's oil production , hide their wealth and avoid filling the public coffers .
The Nigerian government said on its official Twitter account on Thursday that only 214 individuals in the entire country pay 20 million naira or more ( $ 65,232 ) in tax annually .
That low number does not reflect the riches amongst Nigeria 's population of more than 180 million , with no shortage of ultra-wealthy individuals sitting on some of the largest oil reserves in the world .
The lack of taxation , one of the lowest rates in the world at just 6 percent of gross domestic product ( GDP ) , has been a thorn in Nigeria 's side for decades . But the issue has come to a head in recent months as the government tries to secure loans of at least $ 1.4 billion from international lenders .
Months of disagreements over the details of last year 's budget - passed in May 2016 - also deepened the economic crisis .
Lawmakers had hoped to pass this year 's budget before the end of March , but on Monday the senator who chairs the budget committee said it was likely to be passed before May and last year 's budget remains valid until May 5 .
Earlier this month , Nigeria released an Economic Recovery and Growth Plan ( ERGP ) for 2017 to 2020 , which called for an increase in taxation on luxury goods and a potential rise in value-added tax but economists have said that wo n't be enough . ( Reporting by Alexis Akwagyiram and Paul Carsten ; Editing by Julia Glover )
BRIEF-LightInTheBox Holding Co Q1 non-GAAP net loss per ADS $ 0.01
* Says total orders of product sales were 1.6 million for Q1 of 2017 , compared with 1.7 million in same quarter of 2016
( Recasts with Mexican peso gains ) MEXICO CITY , April 20 Mexico 's peso gained on Thursday after the country 's central bank chief hinted at further interest rate hikes and the country 's finance minister said they saw room for further gains in the currency . The peso added more than 0.3 percent after Mexican Central Bank chief Agustin Carstens hinted that the bank 's cycle of monetary tightening might not be over . The Banco de Mexico has increased its benchmark interest rate to a nearly 8-year high with a string of 50-basis point hikes , before introducing a smaller increase of 25 points at its last board meeting in late March . Higher interest rates have boosted the appeal of the peso , which has also gained ground as the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump has struck a more constructive tone on trade talks with Mexico . Finance Minister Jose Antonio Meade told Reuters that the peso is `` quite competitive '' and could strengthen further after a rally that has already made it the best performer this year among the world 's most-traded currencies . Brazilian stocks gained on Thursday , supported by a rally in shares of miner Vale SA following solid first-quarter production figures . Vale 's iron ore output fell 6.7 percent on a quarterly basis due to seasonal effects , but jumped 11.2 percent from a year ago to a record high for the period . The company 's shares rose nearly 6 percent . Analysts at Itaú BBA maintained an `` outperform '' recommendation on the stock , citing prospects of a strong first-quarter operating profit . Steelmaker Usinas Siderúrgicas de Minas Gerais also rose after it reversed a loss in the first quarter amid early signs of a recovery in industrial output . Key Latin American stock indexes and currencies at 2050 GMT : Stock indexes The Latest Daily YTD pct pct change change MSCI Emerging Markets 958.45 0.58 11.15 MSCI LatAm 2,609.31 0.22 11.48 Brazil Bovespa 63,760.62 0.56 5.87 Mexico IPC 49,144.96 0.55 7.67 Chile IPSA 4,805.32 -0.67 15.75 Chile IGPA 24,133.41 -0.61 16.39 Argentina MerVal 20,668.71 0.75 22.17 Colombia IGBC 10,121.75 -0.01 -0.06 Venezuela IBC 47,695.30 0.28 50.43 Currencies The Latest Daily YTD pct pct change change Brazil real 3.1565 -0.32 2.94 Mexico peso 18.7860 0.33 10.42 Chile peso 649.5 -0.15 3.26 Colombia peso 2,850 0.63 5.32 Peru sol 3.243 0.06 5.27 Argentina peso ( interbank ) 15.3825 0.11 3.20 Argentina peso ( parallel ) 16.04 0.37 4.86 ( Reporting by Michael O'Boyle and Bruno Federowski in São Paulo ; Editing by Dan Grebler )
( Corrects to change media packaging slug , with no changes to text )
May 3 Square Inc , the payments company co-founded by Twitter Inc Chief Executive Jack Dorsey , reported a smaller quarterly loss on Wednesday , as customers processed more transactions through its network .
The company said net loss narrowed to $ 15.1 million , or 4 cents per share , in the first quarter ended March 31 , from $ 96.8 million , or 29 cents per share , a year earlier . ( bit.ly/2pIUjea )
Net revenue rose to $ 461.6 million from $ 379.3 million .
Square facilitates payments between businesses and customers by using a credit card reader that turns any cellphone into a payment terminal . ( Reporting by Sruthi Shankar in Bengaluru ; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar )
BRIEF-BB & T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb & t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent , effective immediately Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UKIP leader Paul Nuttall leaves after television interviews during their campaign for the forthcoming General Election in Hartlepool , Britain April 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Scott Heppell
Labour MP Alan Johnson poses with a supporter during a 'Labour In for Britain ' campaign event in London , Britain May 29 , 2016 . REUTERS/Neil Hall
Former chancellor George Osborne smiles during a Northern Powerhouse Partnership think tank meeting at Manchester Town Hall in Manchester , Britain September 16 , 2016 . REUTERS/Phil Noble
Britain 's election on June 8 will mark the departure of some prominent lawmakers , while others are hoping to return .
Here is a list of some important moves .
STEPPING DOWN
George Osborne ( Conservative , Tatton , 2001-2017 )
Osborne served as the Chancellor of the Exchequer when the Conservative Party returned to government in a coalition in 2010 . One of former prime minister David Cameron 's chief strategists , they were sacked by Prime Minister Theresa May following Cameron 's resignation after Britain voted to leave the European Union last year .
Since being fired , Osborne has been criticised for taking on other jobs alongside their duties as a Conservative lawmaker , including editor of the London Evening Standard newspaper and a part-time role at asset manager BlackRock .
In a letter to constituents , Osborne said that they did not `` want to spend the rest of my life just being an ex-Chancellor . I want new challenges . '' They added that they were stepping down as a lawmaker `` for now '' and said `` it 's still too early to be writing my memoirs '' .
Alan Johnson ( Labour , Hull West and Hessle , 1997-2017 )
Johnson held a variety of cabinet roles under the leadership of two Labour prime ministers , Tony Blair and Gordon Brown . They last served as Brown 's interior minister from 2009-2010 .
A veteran of the trade union movement , Johnson said that after 20 years , they did not want to serve for another five .
`` Every day has been a privilege and a pleasure but it ca n't go on for ever and the electoral cycle means that each incumbent has to think again about what 's best for them , the constituency and the party , '' they said in a letter to voters .
Andrew Tyrie ( Conservative , Chichester , 1997-2017 )
Tyrie became the bane of bankers and chancellors as chairperson of parliament 's Treasury Committee , which holds the Bank of England and Treasury to account and investigates misconduct in the finance sector . They also led senior lawmakers in quizzing the prime minister on parliament 's Liaison Committee .
`` I remain deeply committed to public service , '' they said . `` I am determined , and hopefully young enough , to contribute in other ways in the years ahead '' .
Eric Pickles ( Conservative , Brentwood and Ongar , 1992-2017 )
The former Conservative Party chairperson previously served as the minister for communities and local government between 2010 and 2015 .
`` Looking forward to # GE2017 as a canvasser , not a candidate . Thank you Brentwood and Ongar for your support and friendship over 25 years , '' they tweeted .
Andy Burnham ( Labour , Leigh , 2001-2017 )
A cabinet member under Brown and a former Labour leadership candidate , Burnham had said they would stand for mayor of the northwestern city of Manchester in May , and resign their seat if they won . They have now said they will not stand in Leigh , regardless of the outcome of the mayoral vote .
Douglas Carswell ( UKIP/Conservative , Clacton , 2005-2017 )
Carswell became the anti-EU UK Independence Party 's first elected MP when they won a by-election in 2014 , having defected from the Conservatives . They have since fallen out with the UKIP leadership , leaving the party this year . They said they will support the Conservative candidate in the election in June . They first represented the Conservatives in Harwich in 2005 , before winning Clacton in 2010 .
Gisela Stuart ( Labour , Birmingham Edgbaston , 1997-2017 )
German-born Stuart was one of the most prominent `` Leave '' campaigners in the Labour Party . They became an MP in 1997 , winning the seat of Edgbaston for the first time in Labour 's history . The success in the home constituency of war-time Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain was emblematic of the appeal of Blair 's 'New Labour ' in traditionally Conservative areas .
POLITICAL COMEBACKS
Vince Cable ( Liberal Democrat , Twickenham , 1997-2015 )
Cable was a key figure as Business Secretary in the coalition government between 2010-2015 as a member of the Liberal Democrats , junior partners to the Conservatives . They lost their seat to the Conservatives in 2015 .
`` I plan to lead fight back to recapture Twickenham for Lib Dems , '' they tweeted. `` Brexit . Heathrow . School cuts . Social care . Plenty to campaign on . ''
Paul Nuttall ( UKIP )
Having tried and failed to secure a seat in parliament at a February by-election in Stoke , Paul Nuttall is in the running to be a lawmaker once more .
The newly-appointed UKIP leader is bidding to win Boston & Skegness , one of the most eurosceptic areas of the country . The seat is held by a Conservative MP who campaigned for `` remain '' during the EU referendum .
GOING NOWHERE ?
Some are standing for re-election again despite suggestions that they might not .
Nick Clegg ( Liberal Democrat , Sheffield Hallam , 2005- ? )
Clegg was close to tears when they resigned as leader of the Liberal Democrats after a 2015 general election result they described as `` immeasurably more crushing and unkind than I could ever have feared '' . The former deputy prime minister did win in their constituency , however , and has said they will stand again .
Ken Clarke ( Conservative , Rushcliffe , 1970- ? )
Clarke , 76 , is the longest-serving member of the House of Commons , and had suggested they would stand down in 2020 after 50 years in parliament . However , the staunchly pro-Remain candidate is set to run again in June 's election .
NOT STANDING
Nigel Farage ( UKIP , never sat in parliament )
The former leader of UKIP and one of the most prominent 'Leave ' campaigners , Farage said on April 20 that they would not stand , after considering a run .
Farage has served as a member of the European Parliament but has never won a seat in Westminster , despite competing in seven separate elections and by-elections .
They said that they ultimately decided they could have a bigger influence on Brexit from the European Parliament in Strasbourg than they could from Westminster .
Arron Banks ( former Conservative Party donor who switched their support to UKIP and then founded one of the two main Brexit campaigns during the referendum )
Banks said they had decided to withdraw their candidacy for the seat of Clacton , in eastern England .
`` I will not be standing either as a UKIP candidate or as an independent , '' they said in a statement .
( Reporting by Alistair Smout and Kate Holton ; Editing by Guy Faulconbridge and David Milliken )
March 29 Neuca SA :
* Plans to merge with Cefarm Czestochowa SA , DHA Dolpharma sp . Z o.o . and Promedic sp . z o.o . ( acquired companies )
* It owns 100 percent stakes in the acquired companies
* The merger will be carried out through the transfer of assets of the acquired companies to Neuca ( acquiring company )
* The transfer will be carried out without increasing the company 's capital or exchanging the shares of the acquired companies for the shares of the acquiring company Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
March 31 Shanghai Bairun Investment Holding Group Co Ltd :
* Sees to swing to net profit at 0 million yuan to 30 million yuan in Q1 FY 2017 versus net loss at 63.6 million yuan year ago
* Says increased operating profit as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/TREYm5
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
A collision sent one person to hospital and closed Hwy . 97 north of Cache Creek on Sunday night . ( Savannah GB-Pierro/Twitter )
One person has been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a semi truck on Hwy . 97 on Bonaparte Indian Band land early Sunday evening .
According to Sgt . Kathleen Thain , “ a semi tractor truck clipped a pedestrian ” and sent the person to hospital with non-life threatening injuries .
The cause of the collision is still under investigation , Thane said , but noted that the semi stayed on the road and did not swerve out of its lane .
@ katslepian
katya.slepian @ bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
Goldman Sachs raises $ 7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $ 7 billion for its new private equity fund , near the top of its targeted goal , according to two people familiar with the matter .
April 13 Javi Martinez will take much of the blame for Bayern Munich 's 2-1 Champions League quarter-final first leg defeat by Real Madrid on Wednesday after their red card , but it does not hide the hosts ' need for a major overhaul .
After dominating the first half , Arturo Vidal 's missed penalty and a Cristiano Ronaldo equaliser let the visitors back into the match before Martinez 's red gave the Spanish side the initiative .
`` Small details have decided the game , '' Bayern manager Carlo Ancelotti said . `` We missed the penalty , conceded at the start of the second half .
`` We had the game under control , but there was a lack of efficiency , '' they added . `` Being a man short made it harder . ''
Goalkeeper Manuel Neuer experienced the worst of being a man down .
`` We did n't have much of the ball , the security was missing , '' said Neuer . `` In the end , they could have scored even more . ''
While Martinez 's dismissal opened the contest up , it can not mask the reality that Bayern are past their prime and the veterans of the 2013 Champions League victory ultimately found themselves outthought , outplayed and outran .
At 33 and 34 respectively , Arjen Robben and Franck Ribery lack the zip and stamina of their youth , while 35-year-old Xabi Alonso and 33-year-old captain Philipp Lahm are coming towards the end of their Bavaria careers .
Without injured top scorer Robert Lewandowski , the German side have also been unable to impose themselves in Europe as they once did .
Pep Guardiola may have sustained Bayern 's domestic dominance during their three-year tenure but for all their modification of their squad and style , they were unable to guide Jupp Heynckes ' European champions back to the final .
Ancelotti has kept faith with Guardiola 's side -- the nucleus of which won the title under Heynckes in 2013 -- but Bayern 's second-half capitulation demonstrates that a wholesale overhaul of the squad is needed if they are to win a sixth European crown .
( Editing by Greg Stutchbury )
Moon Jae-in speaks after winning the nomination as a presidential candidate of the Minjoo Party , during a national convention , in Seoul , South Korea , April 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
SEOUL South Korea 's frontrunner for the country 's upcoming May 9 presidential election Moon Jae-in said on Wednesday they will immediately push to have a supplementary budget drafted if they are elected .
In a speech on their economic pledges , Moon said they will aim for investment in 10 key sectors and expects to create over 500,000 new jobs per year on average .
Moon did not specify an amount for the pledged supplementary budget .
( Reporting by Christine Kim ; Editing by Sam Holmes )
HELSINKI , April 10 Finnish media company Sanoma said on Monday it will sell its stake in Dutch broadcaster SBS to Talpa , the media production company of Dutch media tycoon John De Mol .
Sanoma , which already owns a stable of Dutch print titles , will receive 237 million euros ( $ 250.98 million ) for its 67 percent SBS stake and full ownership of the television guide business Veronica Uitgeverij .
Privately-owned Sanoma and De Mol bought the broadcaster for just over one billion euros in 2011 , with De Mol taking a 33 percent stake and Sanoma buying the rest . Far smaller than rival broadcaster RTL , it has struggled to build up a viewer base .
`` The SBS divestment allows us to accelerate the deleveraging of our balance sheet and provides much more financial and strategic flexibility to grow our stronghold businesses '' , Sanoma CEO Susan Duinhoven said in a statement .
Sanoma lifted its full-year outlook for 2017 following the deal , saying its operating profit margin will be above 10 percent for the full year , compared with previous guidance of margin around 10 percent . ( $ 1 = 0.9443 euros ) ( Reporting by Tuomas Forsell ; Editing by Kim Coghill )
* Asia non-life distribution deal could be worth at least $ 500 mln
* Citi set to launch process in a few days
* Deal will be one of the largest in Asia
* Global insurers increasingly keen to tap bank distribution ( Adds details of sale process , additional comments )
By Anshuman Daga
SINGAPORE , March 28 Citigroup Inc will seek bids from global insurers keen to sell general insurance products across the U.S. bank 's Asia-Pacific markets , in a deal that could be worth at least $ 500 million , a source with knowledge of the matter told Reuters .
Citi 's move underscores how banks are leveraging their network of branches and customer base to generate assured revenue over many years , as demand for insurance grows in the region , the source said .
The multi-year , bancassurance deal for products such as motor , property and travel insurance , will be one of the largest of its kind in the region , and give insurers access to 15 million customers of Citibank in 12 markets including Singapore , Hong Kong , China , India and Australia .
Citi will kick off the process for the 15-year deal in a few days , and expects to choose a partner in a few months , said the person who declined to be identified as the information was not public .
The deal is expected to be pitched to a number of insurers including AIG and Allianz , two sources said .
The exact value of the non-life insurance deal will depend on various issues including how bidders structure upfront payments and calculate net present value of future commissions and deferred payments , the first source said .
A spokesperson at Citi declined to comment .
Citi 's plan to seek partners follows the bank 's move to allow insurer AIA in 2013 to sell life insurance through its Asia network in a multi-year deal .
`` The bank has invested a lot to grow its technology platform and digital engagement over several years . The idea now is to complement the life insurance partnership with another one for general insurance , '' said the source .
Global insurers are increasingly relying on bank distribution tie-ups to help generate billions of dollars in revenue in Asia , where rising personal incomes are enabling individuals and families to afford insurance .
`` You are bound to see participation across-the-board , from Japanese insurers to Europeans and others for this kind of deal , '' said the second person , who has dealt with bank distribution transactions , referring to the Citi deal .
`` More and more banks are monetising their distribution networks as this does n't cost them much and the fees goes straight to the bottom line , '' they said .
The first source said Citi has an initial preference for one partner for all markets but is open to considering more than one , given the range and scale of the bank 's retail platform .
Asia has seen a spate of bank distribution deals for life insurance in the last five years and transactions for non-life insurance are also heating up .
In January , Standard Chartered and Allianz announced a 15-year deal that enabled the German insurer to sell its general insurance products to StanChart 's customers in five Asia markets . ( Reporting by Anshuman Daga ; Additional reporting by Carolyn Cohn in LONDON and Suzanne Barlyn in NEW YORK ; Editing by Randy Fabi )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Qatar says fighter jets deal shows deep U.S. support
DOHA , June 15 A $ 12 billion deal to buy Boeing F-15 U.S. fighter jets shows Qatar has deep-rooted support from Washington , a Qatari official said on Thursday , adding that its rift with some other Arab states had not hurt the U.S. relationship with Doha .
Staunchly conservative U.S. lawmaker Scalise among wounded in shooting
WASHINGTON , June 14 Steve Scalise , the Republican leader wounded in a gunman 's attack on Wednesday on people practicing for a charity baseball game , is a staunch conservative and key figure in trying to push legislation through the U.S. House of Representatives .
Artistry of wartime propaganda is seen during the media preview for exhibition 'Posters and Patriotism : Selling World War I in New York ' at the Museum of the City of New York in New York , U.S. , April 4 , 2017 . Picture taken April 4 . REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
Posters are seen during the media preview for exhibition of wartime propaganda artistry 'Posters and Patriotism : Selling World War I in New York ' at the Museum of the City of New York in New York , U.S. , April 4 , 2017 . Picture taken April 4 . REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
Posters are seen during the media preview for exhibition of wartime propaganda artistry 'Posters and Patriotism : Selling World War I in New York ' at the Museum of the City of New York in New York , U.S. , April 4 , 2017 . Picture taken April 4 . REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
Posters are seen during the media preview for exhibition of wartime propaganda artistry 'Posters and Patriotism : Selling World War I in New York ' at the Museum of the City of New York in New York , U.S. , April 4 , 2017 . Picture taken April 4 . REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
Posters are seen during the media preview for exhibition of wartime propaganda artistry 'Posters and Patriotism : Selling World War I in New York ' at the Museum of the City of New York in New York , U.S. , April 4 , 2017 . Picture taken April 4 . REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
Posters are seen during the media preview for exhibition of wartime propaganda artistry 'Posters and Patriotism : Selling World War I in New York ' at the Museum of the City of New York in New York , U.S. , April 4 , 2017 . Picture taken April 4 . REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
NEW YORK Fear-mongering can be a thing of beauty .
That is one of the surprises of a new museum show of century-old wartime propaganda to mark the 100th anniversary of the U.S. entry into World War One after it declared war on Germany on April 6 , 1917 .
Equally unexpected is the show 's relevance to today 's America under the Trump administration , according to curators of `` Posters and Patriotism : Selling World War I in New York , '' which runs until Oct. 9 at the Museum of the City of New York .
`` We had a centenary to explore , '' said curator Steven Jaffe .
`` But as we started looking at these amazing posters , we realized that many of the issues that engaged Americans in 1917 seemed oddly fresh , oddly timely . Nationalism , diversity , tolerance , immigration , free expression , political expression , either in the press or in free speech , '' they said .
`` All of these things , both in terms of the United States and also some of the movements that are sweeping across Europe , really started emerging out of these posters that ( are ) 100 years old . We did n't expect that . ''
Organizers grouped the posters , which were produced by New York artists under the direction of the federal government 's war-era Division of Pictorial Publicity , to encourage visitors to explore timely political themes .
While the centerpiece is an iconic finger-pointing Uncle Sam declaring `` I want you , '' there are also striking posters challenging U.S. immigrants , `` Are you 100 percent American ? Prove it ! Buy government bonds '' and an outpouring of anti-German images .
`` There was a real intolerance toward German-Americans , fears that German-Americans would be disloyal to the United States , be loyal to their homeland , Germany , that they would engage in acts of sabotage and espionage and terrorism , '' Jaffe said .
`` Very reminiscent of some of the rhetoric we have today about Muslim-Americans and other peoples of the world who are seen as political or economic threats to our integrity and well- being . ''
The French Embassy is a main sponsor of the event , which spotlights New York City as the incubator of wartime propaganda aimed at cultivating loyalty , duty and sacrifice .
`` It is certainly is relevant , especially with what 's going on in the world today , '' said Rima Abdul-Malak , the embassy 's cultural attache .
The show also features historical maps dividing New York into ethnic neighbourhoods , and photographs including one of a captured German U-boat submarine that was transported to the city and put on display in Central Park in 1917 .
( Reporting by Barbara Goldberg ; Editing by Daniel Wallis and Steve Orlofsky )
April 28 Britain 's FTSE 100 index is seen opening up 1 point at 7,238 on Friday , according to financial bookmakers . * BARCLAYS : British bank Barclays Plc faces shareholder revolt over whistleblower inquiry after a corporate governance firm advised shareholders not to back their re-election to the board , The Times reported on Friday . ( bit.ly/2qdvJ63 ) * BP : BP Plc was restoring production on Thursday afternoon at two crude distillation units at its 413,500 barrels per day ( bpd ) Whiting , Indiana , refinery after performing work on an electrical power substation , said sources familiar with plant operations . * OLD MUTUAL : Britain 's Old Mutual Plc said it would sell its 26 percent stake in Kotak Mahindra Old Mutual Life Insurance Ltd to Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd KTKM.NS for about 12.93 billion rupees ( $ 201.7 million ) . * MARKS : British retailer Marks & Spencer is to trial an online grocery shopping service this year , it said on Thursday , conceding it could no longer ignore the fastest growing segment of the market . * ROYAL BANK : Royal Bank of Scotland has reached an out-of-court settlement with another batch of shareholders who alleged they were misled during a 12 billion-pound ( $ 15.5 billion ) cash call in 2008 , the state-owned bank said on Thursday . * BHP : BHP Billiton , is advancing with the sale of its small Cerro Colorado copper mine in Chile and there are a number of interested parties , although finalizing the deal will likely take some months , the mine 's union said on Thursday . * GOLD : Gold was little changed on Friday and poised for the biggest weekly fall in seven weeks as investors sought out higher returns than those from holding the non-interest bearing yellow metal by buying into riskier assets . * OIL : Oil prices stabilised on Friday but were on track for a second straight weekly loss on concerns that an OPEC-led production cut has failed to significantly tighten an oversupplied market . * The UK blue chip index closed down 0.7 percent at 7,237.17 points on Thursday , snapping a three-day winning streak as miners and ex-dividends weighed . * For more on the factors affecting European stocks , please click on : cpurl : //apps.cp./cms/ ? pageId=livemarkets * UK CORPORATE DIARY : Barclays Plc Q1 2017 Interim Management Statement Release Royal Bank of Scotland Q1 2017 Interim Management Statement Release Group Plc Ultra Electronics Trading Statement Release Holdings Plc Rotork Plc Trading Statement Release TODAY 'S UK PAPERS > Financial Times > Other business headlines Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for : * 3000 Xtra : visit topnews.session.rservices.com * For Top News : topnews.reuters.com ( Reporting by Harish Bhaskar )
May 3 Antero Midstream GP LP , a partial owner of Antero Resources Corp 's pipeline business , raised $ 875 million in an initial public offering ( IPO ) on Wednesday , a source familiar with the matter said .
Antero is the largest midstream IPO of the last two years , as oil price volatility and pushback against new pipeline projects have driven down listing activity .
Proceeds from IPOs of master limited partnerships ( MLPs ) , the structure used by most energy firms to house their `` midstream '' assets that ship and store oil and gas , dropped to $ 323 million last year from $ 4.9 billion in 2015 , according to Thomson Reuters data .
The source asked not to be named because the negotiations are confidential . Antero could not be immediately reached for comment . ( Reporting by Lauren Hirsch ; Editing by Sandra Maler )
Unipol ready to support Veneto banks ' rescue if everyone else does
MILAN , June 15 Italy 's Unipol is ready to contribute to a state bailout of ailing regional banks Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca if other financial institutions do the same , the head of the insurance group said on Thursday .
FRANKFURT May 3 Shareholder advisory and proxy voting firm ISS has backed a call for a special audit of Libor-manipulation and Russian money-laundering scandals at Deutsche Bank to probe what role management and supervisory boards may have played .
ISS has thrown its weight behind a proposal originally put forward by shareholder Marita Lampatz . Proxy voting firm Glass Lewis has also backed calls for a special audit .
ISS said , however , a vote against discharging the German lender 's management and supervisory boards at the annual shareholder meeting on May 18 was `` not warranted at this time '' , and it would not be appropriate to vote against the re-election of Chairman Paul Achleitner .
Deutsche Bank declined to comment on ISS 's letter , which was first reported by German daily Handelsblatt and seen by Reuters on Wednesday . ( Reporting by Kathrin Jones and Edward Taylor ; Editing by Georgina Prodhan )
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON , June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year , the Premier League club said on Wednesday .
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY , June 14 OHL Mexico , a unit of Spanish construction group OHL , said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday , offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund , the company said on Wednesday .
U.S. Coast Guard says Charleston terminal to reopen , safety zone lifted after threat
COPENHAGEN , June 15 The U.S. Coast Guard said on Thursday a terminal at the Port of Charleston in South Carolina will reopen and a safety zone has been lifted after investigating a `` potential threat '' of a dirty bomb on a container ship .
March 31 Primero Mining Corp :
* Primero closes extension to revolving credit facility
* Primero Mining Corp says Primero drew down $ 10 million from revolving credit facility , which now has $ 60 million drawn
* Primero Mining Corp says an additional $ 15 million remains available for drawdown under the revolving credit facility Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Senator Mark Warner ( D-VA ) speaks at a news conference to discuss the committee 's probe of Russian interference in the 2016 election on Capitol Hill in Washington , D.C. , U.S. , March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Aaron P. Bernstein
WASHINGTON Democratic Senator Mark Warner on Monday announced opposition to President Donald Trump 's Supreme Court nominee , meaning Democrats potentially have the votes needed to block a U.S. Senate confirmation vote to give Neil Gorsuch the lifetime job .
Warner 's announcement put the number of Democrats opposing Gorsuch at 41 , the tally needed to use a procedural hurdle called a filibuster that requires 60 votes to allow a confirmation vote in the 100-seat Senate . It remained unclear , however , if all 41 senators who have voiced opposition would back a filibuster .
Republicans control the Senate 52-48 . If Democrats amass the 41 votes to block a confirmation vote that Senate Republicans have planned for Friday , the Republicans would then be expected to try to change the chamber 's long-standing rules and allow confirmation by a simple majority , a move backed by Trump that is sometimes called the `` nuclear option . ''
( Reporting by Lawrence Hurley and Susan Heavey ; Editing by Tim Ahmann )
Ngai Te Rangi plans to protest a Treaty settlement by blocking a container shipping lane in Tauranga Harbour this morning .
The Bay of Plenty iwi has been one of a number in the region who have taken issue with a pending settlement with Pare Hauraki , a confederation of iwi that will soon have rights recognised in relation to the harbour .
That confederation has said that their region stretches from Matakana Island through to Matakana , north of Auckland .
Protestors have just left from Sulphur point .
At a safety briefing Jack Thatcher , who is leading the marine protest , said the action was n't against the port itself but the group did want to send a message .
One protestor put it more bluntly : `` Mai Matakana ki Matakana ( from Matakana to Matakana ) is bull * * * * . ''
Ellen had a young fan on their show that is known for their passion singing skills . The fan ended up bringing a cute homemade Valentine 's Day card and decided to sing one of Ed Sheeran 's hit love songs to her , “ Thinking Out Loud ” .
Once they started singing , Ed surprised the little guy by coming out behind them on stage and just watched their performance .
Too cute ! ! Check it out below :
May 2 Gore Spain Holdings SOCIMI I SA :
* Said on Friday that the sole shareholder of the company , GreenOak Spain Investments Sarl , approved a dividend for 2016 of 0.1834 euros gross per share
* The shareholder also approved an interim dividend of 4.7899 euros gross per share and a dividend from retained earnings of 6.4725 euros gross per share
* The dividends will be paid on May 8
Source text : bit.ly/2qnvjKh
Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
VIENNA/BERLIN Austria said on Friday it would file a legal challenge against plans by Germany to introduce a road toll for foreign-registered cars using German highways .
Cross-border traffic between the two countries is common and a frequently used route connecting the city of Salzburg to the west of Austria passes through a part of Germany .
`` We are taking legal action in Luxembourg , '' Austrian Transport Minister Joerg Leichtfried told reporters , apparently referring to the seat of the European Court of Justice , the European Union 's top court .
`` Italians have to pay , the French have to pay , Austrians have to pay -- only Germans do n't . I believe that is discriminatory and against European law . ''
Leichtfried 's comments came hours after the toll plan , which the European Commission approved in January after adjustments were made , cleared Germany 's upper house of parliament .
Austria 's legal action , though not fundamentally affecting its ties with Germany , marks an ugly episode at a time when the EU is trying to project unity as it gears up for negotiations with Britain over its departure from the bloc .
The toll will cost vehicles up to 130 euros ( $ 139 ) a year , which German drivers will be able to recover through tax deductions .
It will take effect as soon as President Frank-Walter Steinmeier signs it into law , likely in coming days . However , it is expected to take around two years to build the payment infrastructure for the tolls to come into use .
( Reporting by Kirsti Knolle and Francois Murphy in Vienna , and Michelle Martin and Paul Carrel in Berlin ; Editing by Vin Shahrestani and John Stonestreet )
April 13 Schweizer Electronic AG :
* Strategic partner WUS increases stake into Schweizer
* WUS Printed Circuit ( Kunshan ) Co. , Ltd. acquired 15.24 % and now holds 19.74 % of Schweizer 's shares , wus printed circuit co. , ltd , Taiwan acquired 10.16 %
* Equity stake was purchased from share pool of Gerhard Schweizer family line Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
April 15 ( Gracenote ) - Results and standings from the Russian championship matches on Saturday Saturday , April 15 Amkar Perm 1 FC Ufa 1 Anzhi Makhachkala 1 Krylya Sovietov Samara 3 CSKA Moscow 0 Rostov 0 Rubin Kazan 0 FC Krasnodar 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Spartak Moscow 22 16 3 3 36 19 51 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 2 CSKA Moscow 23 12 8 3 29 13 44 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 3 Zenit St Petersburg 22 12 7 3 38 15 43 4 FC Krasnodar 23 9 11 3 30 18 38 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 5 Terek Groznyi 22 9 6 7 25 25 33 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 6 FC Ufa 23 9 6 8 16 18 33 7 Amkar Perm 23 8 9 6 21 18 33 8 Rostov 23 8 9 6 25 12 33 9 Lokomotiv Moscow 22 7 10 5 27 16 31 10 Rubin Kazan 23 7 7 9 23 25 28 11 Ural Yekaterinenburg 22 7 5 10 18 29 26 12 Anzhi Makhachkala 23 6 6 11 18 27 24 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 13 Krylya Sovietov Samara 23 4 8 11 23 29 20 14 Arsenal Tula 22 4 6 12 12 31 18 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 15 Orenburg 22 3 7 12 16 27 16 16 Tom Tomsk 22 3 4 15 11 46 13 1 : Champions League / EC I 2 : Champions League preliminary round 3-4 : Europa League preliminary round 5 : Europa League depending on domestic cup 13-14 : Relegation play-off 15-16 : Relegation Next Fixtures ( GMT ) : Sunday , April 16 Orenburg v Terek Groznyi ( 0930 ) Ural Yekaterinenburg v Tom Tomsk ( 1200 ) Arsenal Tula v Lokomotiv Moscow ( 1430 ) Spartak Moscow v Zenit St Petersburg ( 1700 )
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON , June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) said on Thursday that New Zealand 's central bank should add debt-to-income ( DTI ) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country 's housing market .
April 5 O Luxe Holdings Ltd
* Entered into mou with a co in japan mainly focusing on manufacturing of electric automotive and relevant components
* MoU in relation to possible acquisition by company of all issued and outstanding shares and share options , if any , of target
* Consideration will be determined after negotiations and is expected to be in form of cash or new shares of co or a combination thereof Source ( bit.ly/2oHKhHw ) Further company coverage :
April 28 Greatoo Intelligent Equipment Inc :
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to increase by 20 percent to 70 percent , or to be 23.8 million yuan to 33.8 million yuan , compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 ( 19.9 million yuan )
* Comments that increased sales of products and subsidiary is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/F3R7Qd
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN , June 14 Germany 's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution , a transport ministry spokesperson said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step .
Correction : Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at ' A- ' ; Outlook Stable
( The following statement was released by the rating agency ) HONG KONG , June 14 ( Fitch ) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited 's immediate parent . Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited 's ( CUPI ) Insurer Financial Strength Rating ( IFS ) at ' A- ' ( Strong ) . The Outlook is Stable . KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI 's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co. ,
FILE PHOTO - Newly appointed U.S . Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley presents their credentials to U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres at U.N. headquarters in New York City , U.S. , January 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Stephanie Keith/File Photo
NEW YORK The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , Nikki Haley , said on Wednesday that U.N. peacekeepers in the Democratic Republic of Congo are aiding a government that is `` corrupt and preys on its citizens . ''
`` The U.N. peacekeeping mission is mandated to partner with the government , '' Haley told the Council on Foreign Relations in New York . `` In other words the U.N. is aiding a government that is inflicting predatory behaviour against its own people . We should have the decency and common sense to end this . ''
( Reporting by Michelle Nichols , Editing by Walker Simon )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
FREEPORT — The Conservation Commission is looking for volunteers to help with trail maintenance at Florida Lake .
According to Mike Stumbo , the conservation flight attendant of Florida Lake , the commission built trails and bridges around the lake more than 15 years ago and , since then , the bridges have decayed and fallen apart .
“ It 's a real safety hazard , ” Stumbo said .
Maintenance priorities include building and installing signs along the trails , replacing the washed out bog bridges on the south end of the lake , fixing broken bog bridge planks , general trail maintenance , and adding bog bridges in soft spots .
Altogether , Stumbo estimates 100 feet of the area 's bridges require attention .
“ We could use as many volunteers as we can get a hold of , ” Stumbo said . “ It 's not easy work . ”
L.L . Bean will manage the project , providing building materials and volunteers . The Recreational Trails Program from the Maine Department of Agriculture , Conservation and Forestry also supplied the commission with $ 11,000 in grant funding for additional materials .
According to Town Planner Donna Larson , an additional $ 4,800 will be matched by the town .
The commission needs assistance taking decayed bridges down on Aug. 25 , so the trails will be ready for L.L . Bean to come on Sept. 16 to help build new ones .
Anyone looking to be involved in the project is asked to contact Larson by email .
Jocelyn Van Saun can be reached at 781-3661 , ext . 183 or jvansaun @ theforecaster.net . Follow them on Twitter @ JocelynVanSaun .
Watch : Sydney CBD high-rise engulfed with flames after scaffolding catches on fire
Workers have described the speed with which building lit up - `` You could see balls of hay catching on fire . ''
Researchers at IBM have developed a hub for wearables that can gather information from multiple wearable devices and share it with a doctor , potentially cutting down on the time patients need to spend in a hospital .
The gadget , which IBM has dubbed a 'cognitive hypervisor , ' funnels data from devices such as smartwatches and fitness bands into the IBM Cloud . There , it 's analyzed and the results are shared with the user and their doctor .
The idea is that patients can be monitored reliably through the device so they can be sent home to recover from illnesses a day or two earlier than they might otherwise have been allowed . It also means that should a problem develop , a doctor can be alerted immediately and an ambulance dispatched if it 's serious enough .
IBM demonstrated a prototype of the device in San Francisco on Tuesday .
`` I am Chiyo , your new companion . During this time , please touch me to start , '' it said after powering up . `` Every time you touch me , I will tell you about your status . ''
Magdalena Petrova IBM 's Chiyo health device as seen during a demonstration in San Francisco on February 14 , 2017 .
Fed with simulated data , the prototype alerted to a low blood oxygen level and a high temperature after it was tapped .
The device will react to voice commands and interact through a text-to-speech engine . One of the jobs facing researchers is to make the digital speech more realistic and more conversational .
Doing that will encourage users to interact with the device , said Rahel Strässle , a researcher working on the technology at IBM Research in Switzerland .
In developing the system , IBM is n't planning to get into the wearables business . Instead , it plans to offer the service as a platform on which other companies can build their own health services .
`` They can use this technology to build their own wearable devices , '' said Bruno Michel , manager of smart system integration at the same IBM Research office .
The prototype is about the size of a grapefruit and is built with off-the-shelf components such as a Raspberry Pi and Arduino boards , but Michel thinks it can be made much smaller .
`` I think in about five years , we will be able to have that fit into the ear canal , '' they said .
A Fiat logo is seen during the 87th International Motor Show at Palexpo in Geneva , Switzerland , March 7 , 2017 . REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
FRANKFURT Germany 's transport ministry has found a new `` defeat device '' in a Fiat ( FCHA.MI ) car during emissions tests , it said on Friday , escalating a dispute with the Italian automaker .
The ministry declined to give details , but said it would send the results to the European Commission , which has reviewed a previous emissions case involving Fiat .
Fiat denied its cars were equipped with an illegal emissions test cheating device .
Germany widened vehicle pollution testing in the wake of Volkswagen 's ( VOWG_p.DE ) admission in 2015 that it had used a defeat device to rig U.S. emissions tests on diesel engines .
German weekly magazine Der Spiegel said recent tests on Fiat 's 500X passenger car showed an exhaust treatment system switched off filtering after 90 minutes , citing results from a test conducted by Germany 's KBA vehicle authority .
Der Spiegel said this amounted to a new defeat device . In a prior test , a Fiat vehicle was found to switch off its exhaust treatment system after 22 minutes , Der Spiegel said . An emissions test cycle in Europe lasts 20 minutes .
A spokesperson for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles ( FCA ) said : `` We are not in a position to comment on the validity or accuracy of supposed KBA internal documents or on purported emissions tests that we have never seen . ''
FCA added that the 500X conformed to emissions rules `` in all material respects to applicable emissions requirements '' adding this has been verified and confirmed by the Italian ministry of transport , the vehicle 's licensing authority .
Europe 's attempts to crack down on vehicle emissions have been complicated by a loophole in EU law that allows carmakers to turn off emissions control systems under certain conditions - such as at temperatures where they might damage the engine .
( Reporting by Michael Nienhaber and Agnieszka Flak ; Writing by Edward Taylor ; Editing by Mark Potter )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
April 28 Li Ning Co Ltd
* For quarter , in respect of Li-Ning point-of-sales same-store-sales growth for overall platform maintained almost flat on y-o-y basis
* Orders from the latest trade fair , which are for Q4 of 2017 , held in April this year registered mid-single-digit growth on a year-on-year basis Source text : ( bit.ly/2qdSTWV ) Further company coverage :
CAIRO , Dec 10 ( Reuters ) - Average yields on Egypt 's three- and nine-month treasury bills rose at an auction on Sunday , central bank data showed .
Yields on the 91-day bills rose to 19.257 percent from 19.171 at the last sale a week earlier , while yields on the 273-day bills rose to 18.838 percent from 18.746 .
Appetite for Egypt 's domestic debt has grown since the central bank floated the pound currency a year ago . Since then , the CBE has raised key interest rates by 700 basis points . ( Reporting by Arwa Gaballa )
April 6 Ryerson Holding Corp
* Ryerson provides first quarter 2017 guidance and announces conference call to be held on May 4 , 2017
* Ryerson Holding Corp - Anticipates higher revenue for Q1 of 2017 compared to Q4 of 2016
* Ryerson Holding Corp - Expects Q1 2017 net income attributable to Ryerson Holding Corporation in range of $ 12 million to $ 15 million
* Ryerson Holding Corp - Adjusted EBITDA , excluding Lifo is expected to be in range of $ 53 million to $ 55 million for Q1 of 2017
* Ryerson Holding Corp - Ryerson anticipates higher average selling prices in Q1 of 2017
* Ryerson Holding Corp - Ryerson 's end markets as measured in shipments per day showed sequential quarterly growth in nearly all sectors in Q1
* Ryerson Holding Corp - Recent increases in chrome prices , driven by supply tightening , have positively impacted stainless steel prices in Q1 of 2017
* Ryerson Holding Corp - `` Current demand conditions appear favorable when viewed against year ago period ''
* Q1 earnings per share view $ 0.26 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
MOSCOW , April 13 Russia and the United States have a shared understanding that U.S. air strikes on Syria should not be repeated , Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told their Syrian counterpart Walid al-Moualem in Moscow on Thursday , Interfax news agency reported .
They said this was `` concluded '' during Wednesday 's visit of U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to Moscow . ( Reporting by Vladimir Soldatkin ; editing by Richard Lough )
People gather next to an Aamin Ambulance transporting Faduma Hassan , a diarrhea patient , outside the Banadir hospital from a camp for the internally displaced people on the outskirts of Mogadishu , Somalia March 25 , 2017 . Picture taken March 25 , 2017 . REUTERS/Feisal Omar
Rahma Hussein , 8 years-old diarrhea patient , rests in Banadir hospital after the Amin ambulance transported them from a camp for the internally displaced people on the outskirts of Mogadishu , Somalia March 28 , 2017 . Picture taken March 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Feisal Omar TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY
Khalif Dahir , 47 , a driver at the Aamin Ambulance , sleeps inside a mosquito bed-net in their house after returning from duty , in Mogadishu , Somalia March 27 , 2017 . Picture taken March 27 , 2017 . REUTERS/Feisal Omar
Aamin Ambulance driver Abdulkadir Abdulahi rests under a tree outside their house after returning from duty in Mogadishu , Somalia March 24 , 2017 . Picture taken March 24 , 2017 . REUTERS/Feisal Omar
Relatives ride with Faduma Hassan , a diarrhea patient , inside the Amin Ambulance as they are transported to the Banadir hospital from a camp for the internally displaced people on the outskirts of Mogadishu , Somalia March 25 , 2017 . Picture taken March 25 , 2017 . REUTERS/Feisal Omar
Aamin ambulance driver Khalif Dahir speaks on a walkie-talkie before driving to the scene of a suicide car explosion in Maka Al Mukarama street in Mogadishu , Somalia March 14 , 2017 . Picture taken March 14 , 2017 . REUTERS/Feisal Omar
Aamin Ambulance staff are seen outside their ambulances near the scene of a suicide car explosion in Maka Al Mukarama street of Mogadishu , Somalia March 13 , 2017 . Picture taken March 13 , 2017 . REUTERS/Feisal Omar
Mohamed Yusuf ( 2ndL ) a paramedic at the Amin ambulances sits inside an ambulance as they evacuate a man wounded following a suicide car explosion in Maka Al Mukarama Street in Mogadishu , Somalia March 9 , 2017 . Picture taken March 9 , 2017 . REUTERS/Feisal Omar
Aamin ambulances arrive near the scene of a suicide car explosion in Maka Al Mukarama street of Mogadishu , Somalia March 13 , 2017 . Picture taken March 13 , 2017 . REUTERS/Feisal Omar
Khalif Dahir , a driver at the Aamin Ambulance , helps Faduma Hassan ( on the stretcher ) a diarrhea patient in Banadir hospital after transporting them from a camp for the internally displaced people on the outskirts of Mogadishu , Somalia March 25 , 2017 . Picture taken March 25 , 2017 . REUTERS/Feisal Omar
Somali dentist Dr. Abdulkadir Abdurrahman , the founder of Aamin Ambulance , prepares to treat a patient in their dental clinic in Banadir hospital in Mogadishu , Somalia March 29 , 2017 . Picture taken March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Feisal Omar
Aamin ambulances arrive near the scene of a suicide car explosion in Maka Al Mukarama street of Mogadishu , Somalia March 13 , 2017 . Picture taken March 13 , 2017 . REUTERS/Feisal Omar
An Aamin Ambulance transports diarrhea patients to the Banadir hospital from a camp for the internally displaced people on the outskirts Mogadishu , Somalia March 23 , 2017 . Picture taken March 23 , 2017 . REUTERS/Feisal Omar
MOGADISHU Somali dentist Abdikadir Adem spent all their savings on a battered van to rescue wounded people after they watched neighbors hit by bomb blasts bleed to death in wheelbarrows on a desperate five kilometer dash to hospital .
Ten years later , their single van has grown into a fleet of second-hand ambulances whose red , hand-stencilled Aamin Ambulance logo and nasal sirens are instantly recognized on the battle-scarred streets of Mogadishu .
Adem 's initiative , funded by dollars cajoled out of their medical students and donations wheedled from business people , highlights how private citizens in Somalia , Syria and Pakistan can provide lifesaving social services in countries abandoned by their governments and devastated by violence .
`` It was so hard to watch people dying , we had to do something , '' said the slim 40-year-old , whose elder brother was killed in a bombing in 2010 . `` Where people need me , there I go . ''
Somalia has been mired in conflict since 1991 , when clan warlords overthrew a dictator then turned on each other . Now al Qaeda-linked Islamists are detonating increasingly large bombs as they battle to overthrow the weak U.N.-backed government .
At least 723 people were killed and 1,116 wounded in bomb attacks in Somalia last year , according to Nairobi-based think-tank Sahan Research , up from 193 dead and 442 wounded in 2015 . Most are civilians . There could be many more dead if it were not for Aamin , Somalia 's only free ambulance service .
Ambulance staff sometimes end up treating their own families . Adem 's other brother and their 10-year-old nephew were badly hurt in a double bombing at the Ambassador hotel in June .
`` He called me and told me they were injured and I raced there , '' Adem said . `` We are always the first on the scene . ''
It 's dangerous work . In 2008 , Ethiopian troops battling the Islamists obliterated an Aamin Ambulance , its driver and a patient with a tank shell . This February , ambulance crews narrowly escaped a secondary blast that erupted moments after they took the patients from the first blast to hospital .
Once a graduation ceremony for medical students was bombed . Panicking victims , clothes afire , swamped the ambulances .
`` We had to get them all out and put the fires out , '' said an ambulance driver who has worked for Adem for years but asked that their name be withheld . `` There were so many we took them to the hospital 14 at a time . ''
The 10 ambulances are imported second-hand from Dubai for around $ 5,000 each and have basic first aid equipment , a stretcher and a bench for paramedics or a second victim .
The service costs around $ 12,000 per month in fuel , salaries and supplies . International aid agencies sometimes help : the World Health Organization donated two vehicles , and the Red Cross gave paramedics a first aid course last year .
But the vast majority of cash comes from Somalis themselves , and Aden 's earnings as one of Somalia 's few foreign-trained dentists .
HOME-GROWN HEROES
They got their degree in Pakistan in 2005 , where they met philanthropist Abdul Sattar Edhi , who founded their own network of free ambulances and was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize before their death last year .
`` Edhi inspired me , '' Adem said .
Some aid groups compare Adem to Syria 's White Helmets , a voluntary organization whose work rescuing bomb victims has won global acclaim . But most Somalis do n't care about foreign comparisons . The Aamin crews are their own home-grown heroes .
`` I would be dead today if it were not them , '' Ali Nur told Reuters from their hospital bed . Aamin picked up the 30-year-old with major shrapnel injuries to the leg after a bombing earlier this month .
Aamin wants to expand beyond the capital , but there will be little help from the Somali government , which is dogged by allegations of corruption and whose tiny health budget is mostly eaten by salaries .
Out of a budget of $ 246 million last year , only $ 1 million was set aside for health . The prime minister and president 's offices got nearly $ 5 million each .
`` We have no budget for emergency health , '' Dr Abdullahi Hashi Ali , the director general of Somalia 's health ministry told Reuters .
`` We have given an honorary certificate to Aamin Ambulance . We do not fund them . We encourage them and recommend aid agencies to help them . Aamin ambulances are doing a great service . ''
Somalia has just inaugurated a new government this month , but there is unlikely to be more cash available . Aamin 's ambulance crews say they do n't do it for the money .
`` The people who are dying daily are our wives , our children , our brothers , '' said paramedic Mohamed , the sun glinting off their bifocals .
`` Anyone with feeling can not just stand by . ''
( Additional reporting by Feisal Omar ; editing by Anna Willard )
March 30 China Life Insurance Co Ltd :
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T $ 0.8 per share to shareholders for 2016
* To use undistributed profit to distribute stock dividend worth T $ 0.9 for every one share
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/Xcj5Oy
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Federal Reserve Board Governor Lael Brainard speaks at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University in Cambridge , Massachusetts , U.S. , March 1 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brian Snyder
WASHINGTON The Federal Reserve wants to give input on future rules governing how technology companies move into consumer lending markets , Fed Governor Lael Brainard said on Friday .
Technology companies may reach consumers directly with loans under a new license proposed by a leading U.S. bank regulator but the Fed has concerns , Brainard said .
Policymakers will have to determine whether financial technology , or fintech , companies may tap the Fed for services that large , traditional banks enjoy .
The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ( OCC ) , a leading regulator for national banks , has said it is open to a new type of banking charter for technology companies .
`` The OCC 's proposal raises interpretive and policy issues for the Federal Reserve regarding whether charter recipients would become Federal Reserve members or have access to Federal Reserve accounts and services , '' Brainard told a conference at Northwestern University in Evanston , Illinois .
While the OCC 's proposed fintech charter has been welcomed by the fintech sector , it has sparked opposition from state regulators and smaller banks .
On Wednesday the Conference of State Banking Supervisors filed a lawsuit against the OCC , arguing that it lacks the legal authority to offer such a license .
State regulators are concerned that new charter would threaten their sovereignty and consumer protection .
Speaking at the Northwestern University event earlier on Friday , director Thomas Curry defended the license .
`` At the heart of the issue is the fundamental nature of the business of banking — the business of banking is dynamic and I would urge caution to anyone who wants to define banking as a static state , '' Curry said . `` Such a view risks choking off growth and innovation . ''
The remarks from Brainard and Curry come as regulators around the world seek to strike a balance between effectively mitigating the emerging risks posed by the adoption of new technologies in finance and ensuring new rules do not hamper innovation that could benefit consumers and the economy .
( Reporting By Patrick Rucker in Washington and Anna Irrera in New York ; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli )
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK , June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks , while tamping down the risk of currency declines , regulatory filings showed on Wednesday .
RANDALL MARGRAVES , WHOSE THREE DAUGHTERS SAID NASSAR ABUSED THEM , APOLOGIZES TO COURT AND SAYS , “ I LOST CONTROL . ”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
AMSTERDAM Dutch authorities said on Friday they had left Swiss authorities out of a tax fraud investigation stemming from secret Swiss bank accounts because no Swiss citizens were suspects .
Earlier , Swiss authorities protested angrily that they were not involved in the investigation into suspected tax evasion led by the Netherlands and including Britain , France , Germany and Australia , as well as Eurojust , the European Union 's judicial coordination agency .
The Netherland 's office for financial crimes prosecution ( FIOD ) said that , although it had received information about 50,000 secret accounts at a Swiss bank , `` we received no information about Swiss residents '' .
`` If the Swiss authorities wish to receive information on the investigation , we , the other countries involved and Eurojust , are always willing to discuss ( that ) with them , '' the FIOD said in a statement .
( Reporting by Toby Sterling ; Editing by Gareth Jones )
Construction is shown on Fiery Cross Reef , in the Spratly Islands , the disputed South China Sea in this March 9 , 2017 satellite image released by CSIS Asia Maritime Transparency Initiative at the Center for Strategic and International Studies ( CSIS ) to Reuters on March 27 , 2017 . MANDATORY CREDIT : CSIS/AMTI DigitalGlobe/Handout via REUTERS
Construction is shown on Mischief Reef , in the Spratly Islands , the disputed South China Sea in this March 11 , 2017 satellite image released by CSIS Asia Maritime Transparency Inititative at the Center for Strategic and International Studies ( CSIS ) to Reuters on March 27 , 2017 . MANDATORY CREDIT : CSIS/AMTI DigitalGlobe/Handout via REUTERS
Construction is shown on Fiery Cross Reef , in the Spratly Islands , the disputed South China Sea in this March 9 , 2017 satellite image released by CSIS Asia Maritime Transparency Initiative at the Center for Strategic and International Studies ( CSIS ) to Reuters on March 27 , 2017 . MANDATORY CREDIT : CSIS/AMTI DigitalGlobe/Handout via REUTERS
Construction is shown on Fiery Cross , in the Spratly Islands , the disputed South China Sea in this March 9 , 2017 satellite image released by CSIS Asia Maritime Transparency Initiative at the Center for Strategic and International Studies ( CSIS ) to Reuters on March 27 , 2017 . Mandatory Credit : CSIS/AMTI DigitalGlobe/Handout via REUTERS
Construction is shown on Subi Reef , in the Spratly Islands , the disputed South China Sea in this March 14 , 2017 satellite image released by CSIS Asia Maritime Transparency Initiative at the Center for Strategic and International Studies ( CSIS ) to Reuters on March 27 , 2017 . MANDATORY CREDIT CSIS/AMTI DigitalGlobe/Handout via REUTERS
WASHINGTON China appears to have largely completed major construction of military infrastructure on artificial islands it has built in the South China Sea and can now deploy combat planes and other military hardware there at any time , a U.S. think tank said on Monday .
The Asia Maritime Transparency Initiative ( AMTI ) , part of Washington 's Center for Strategic and International Studies , said the work on Fiery Cross , Subi and Mischief Reefs in the Spratly Islands included naval , air , radar and defensive facilities .
The think tank cited satellite images taken this month , which its director , Greg Poling , said showed new radar antennae on Fiery Cross and Subi .
`` So look for deployments in the near future , '' they said .
China has denied U.S. charges that it is militarising the South China Sea , although last week Premier Li Keqiang said defense equipment had been placed on islands in the disputed waterway to maintain `` freedom of navigation . ''
China 's Defense Ministry did not respond to a request for comment .
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying said on Tuesday they were unaware of the details of the think tank 's report , but added the Spratly Islands were China 's inherent territory .
`` As for China deploying or not deploying necessary territorial defensive facilities on its own territory , this is a matter that is within the scope of Chinese sovereignty , '' they told a daily news briefing .
A Pentagon spokesperson , Commander Gary Ross , declined to comment on the specifics of the AMTI report , saying it was not the Defense Department 's practice to comment on intelligence .
But they said that `` China 's continued construction in the South China Sea is part of a growing body of evidence that they continue to take unilateral actions which are increasing tensions in the region and are counterproductive to the peaceful resolution of disputes . ''
AMTI said China 's three air bases in the Spratlys and another on Woody Island in the Paracel chain further north would allow its military aircraft to operate over nearly the entire South China Sea , a key global trade route that Beijing claims most of .
Several neighboring states have competing claims in the sea , which is widely seen as a potential regional flashpoint .
The think tank said advanced surveillance and early-warning radar facilities at Fiery Cross , Subi and Cuarteron Reefs , as well as Woody Island , and smaller facilities elsewhere gave it similar radar coverage .
It said China had installed HQ-9 surface-to-air missiles at Woody Island more than a year ago and had deployed anti-ship cruise missiles there on at least one occasion .
It had also constructed hardened shelters with retractable roofs for mobile missile launchers at Fiery Cross , Subi and Mischief and enough hangars at Fiery Cross for 24 combat aircraft and three larger planes , including bombers .
U.S. officials told Reuters last month that China had finished building almost two dozen structures on Subi , Mischief and Fiery Cross that appeared designed to house long-range surface-to-air missiles .
In their Senate confirmation hearing in January , U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson angered China by saying it should be denied access to islands it had built up in the South China Sea .
Tillerson subsequently softened their language , saying that in the event of an unspecified `` contingency , '' the United States and its allies `` must be capable of limiting China 's access to and use of '' those islands to pose a threat .
In recent years , the United States has conducted a series of what it calls freedom of navigation operations in the South China Sea , raising tensions with Beijing .
( Additional reporting by Ben Blanchard in Beijing ; Editing by Richard Chang , Leslie Adler and Nick Macfie )
May 2 Grandvision NV
* Expects a softer Q2 2017 due to timing of Easter holidays and higher prior year comparables especially in other europe segment
* Q1 comparable growth was 4.1 pct ( 0.9 pct in Q1 2016 ) Source text for Eikon : See also : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom : )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Struggling Hull City need to build confidence by playing without fear as they look to avoid relegation from the Premier League , defender Ahmed Elmohamady has said .
Hull have been mired near the bottom of the table for much of the campaign but a resurgence under manager Marco Silva , who joined the club in January , has seen them move out of the drop zone , two points above the bottom three with six games left .
`` There 's always pressure in football , wherever you are playing in the table , '' Elmohamady told British media . `` There 's always pressure but you have to keep confidence . That 's the big role that the manager is playing .
`` You have to play with confidence and play without fear . The confidence is key and plays a big role in the games coming up . ''
Hull have won four of their last five league games at the KCOM stadium but have not won away since August , and Elmohamady believes the club 's home form remains vital for their survival hopes .
`` People now are coming to Hull knowing it 's going to be difficult for them . We have to keep it up . It 's our key to staying up , winning our home games , '' the Egypt international added .
`` Hopefully now until the end of the season we can win all of our home games but also pick up points away too . ''
( Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru )
A supplied image shows the damage on Daydream Island after Cyclone Debbie passed through the region known as the Whitsundays in Queensland , Australia , March 29 , 2017 . Australian Defence Force/Handout via REUTERS
SYDNEY A cyclone that left a trail of destruction in northeast Australia and New Zealand has also damaged one of the few healthy sections of the Great Barrier Reef to have escaped large-scale bleaching , scientists said on Monday .
The natural devastation adds to the human and economic toll of Cyclone Debbie , which killed at least six people in recent weeks and severed rail transport lines in one of the world 's biggest coal precincts .
The damage caused when the intense , slow-moving cyclone system struck a healthier section of the reef outweighed any potential beneficial cooling effect , scientists from the ARC Centre of Excellence for Coral Reef Studies said .
`` Any cooling effects related to the cyclone are likely to be negligible in relation to the damage it caused , which unfortunately struck a section of the reef that had largely escaped the worst of the bleaching , '' ARC said in a statement .
The World Heritage site has suffered a second bleaching event in 12 months , triggered by unseasonably warm waters ,
ARC added . Higher temperatures force coral to expel living algae and turn white as it calcifies .
Mildly bleached coral can recover if the temperature drops , and an ARC survey found this happened in southern parts of the reef , where coral mortality was much lower , though scientists said much of the Great Barrier Reef was unlikely to recover .
`` It takes at least a decade for a full recovery of even the fastest-growing corals , so mass bleaching events 12 months apart offers zero prospect of recovery for reefs damaged in 2016 , '' said James Kerry , a senior research officer at the ARC .
Repeated damage could prompt UNESCO 's World Heritage Committee to reconsider a 2015 decision not to put the Great Barrier Reef on its `` in danger '' list .
Tourists drawn to the unique attraction spend A $ 5.2 billion ( £3.2 billion ) each year , a 2013 Deloitte Access Economics report estimated .
( Reporting by Colin Packham ; Editing by Clarence Fernandez )
March 31 Bank Fuer Tirol Und Vorarlberg AG :
* To increase in the share capital from 55,000,000 euros to 61,875,000 euros ( $ 66.09 million ) by issuing up to 3,477,500 new shares
* Subscription and offer price is set at 18.00 euros to 24.35 euros per new share
* Subscription period is expected to start on or around April 24 ; expected end on or around 8 May , 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9362 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
BOSTON A Massachusetts man was sentenced on Wednesday to two years in prison after being convicted of trying to defraud DreamWorks Animation through a bogus copyright lawsuit claiming it stole the characters and story from them for its film `` Kung Fu Panda . ''
Prosecutors in Boston said that after seeing a trailer for the yet-to-be-released animated film in 2008 , Jayme Gordon fabricated and backdated drawings of characters similar to those in the film , which they used for a lawsuit against the company .
They previously created some drawings and a story about pandas that prosecutors said bore little resemblance to the movie 's characters . After seeing the trailer , they revised the drawings and story and renamed it `` Kung Fu Panda Power , '' they said .
In 2011 , Gordon sued DreamWorks for copyright infringement and proposed that the company settle the lawsuit for $ 12 million , prosecutors said . DreamWorks rejected that proposal , they said , leading to two more years of litigation .
Their scheme failed after DreamWorks discovered that some of Gordon 's drawings had been traced from a coloring book featuring Walt Disney Co characters from the 1994 film `` The Lion King , '' prosecutors said .
Gordon subsequently agreed to dismiss their lawsuit against DreamWorks , which also produced the `` Madagascar '' and `` How to Train Your Dragon '' films . By that time , the company had spent $ 3 million defending itself , prosecutors said .
Prosecutors had sought a five-year prison sentence for Gordon , 51 , of Randolph , Massachusetts , who was found guilty by a federal jury in November on charges of wire fraud and perjury .
Their lawyer , Jeffrey Denner , sought a sentence of probation , citing psychiatric issues as a mitigating factor .
U.S. District Court Chief Judge Patti Saris in Boston , who imposed the two-year prison term , also ordered Gordon to pay more than $ 3 million restitution , prosecutors said .
Denner in an interview said they believed the judge was fair in imposing the sentence . They said Gordon had not decided whether to appeal their trial conviction .
( Reporting by Nate Raymond in Boston ; editing by Grant McCool )
What does the winter weather have in store for you ? There 's good and bad news in NIWA 's latest outlook
Find out all the information for your region in NIWA 's May to July outlook .
Liam Messam has announced Saturday 's clash with the British and Irish Lions will be their last in the Maori All Blacks jersey .
The loose forward with connections to Ngati Maniapoto says the timing is right with their curtain-call taking place on home soil in front of whanau and friends .
`` I 'm an old man now bro , '' they said .
`` One of the guys in this team , the young bucks , he 's bloody 22 - I 'm 11 years older than him ! ''
Messam has earned 12 caps for the Maori All Blacks and was the recipient of the prestigious Tom French Memorial Trophy for Maori Player of the Year in 2013 .
He 's also captained the side .
China 's President Xi Jinping attends the closing session of China 's National People 's Congress ( NPC ) at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing , China , March 15 , 2017 . REUTERS/Thomas Peter
HELSINKI China 's President Xi Jinping will make a state visit to Finland on April 5 , the Finnish president 's office said on Wednesday .
Xi will meet their Finnish counterpart Sauli Niinisto and Prime Minister Juha Sipila in Helsinki .
The president 's office said the meetings would cover economic relations between Finland and China and current international affairs .
Xi 's visit to Finland would precede a possible meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump , that according to a source would happen on April 6-7 at Trump 's Mar-a-Lago retreat in Florida .
( Reporting by Tuomas Forsell ; Editing by Catherine Evans )
Temporary group membership is implemented in Privileged Access Management Feature which is introduced in Windows Server 2016 .
In this article , we will see how we can enable privileged access management feature in Windows Server 2016 and assign temporary group membership to AD users .
Prerequisites
Forest functional level should be at Windows Server 2016 . To check , issue the following command on PowerShell .
( Get-ADForest ) .ForestMode
​
Enabling Privileged Access Management ( PAM ) Feature
To enable PAM , replace the domain name in the following command and execute it on PowerShell . Once this feature is enabled , it can not be disabled later .
Enable-ADOptionalFeature ‘ Privileged Access Management Feature ' -Scope ForestorconfigurationSet -Target
Once PAM is enabled issue the following command to verify .
Get-ADOptionalFeature -filter { name -like `` Privileged * '' }
Assigning Temporary Group Membership to AD Users
Execute the following command on PowerShell and specify the time period ( TTL ) .
$ ttl = New-TimeSpan -Minutes
Execute the following command and specify the above TTL value . The members will have an access permission for that duration . Say , we want to add users to the Enterprise Admin group for one minute .
Add-ADGroupMember -Identity “ Group name ” -Members -MemberTimeToLive $ ttl
To verify that your desired AD users are actually a member of the group , execute the following command as shown in the following figure . The highlighted portion shows the members of the group and the remaining time ( TTL value in seconds ) of their group membership .
Get-ADGroup “ Group name ” -Property Member -ShowMemberTimeToLive
After 1 minute , again execute the following command and you will not notice the presence of members in that specific group .
Motor racing-Growing up fast , Stroll scores first points
MONTREAL , June 11 Lance Stroll hit back at their critics in style on Sunday by taking their first Formula One points in front of a flag-waving crowd of home fans at the Canadian Grand Prix .
US President Donald Trump has called their Turkish counterpart , Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , to congratulate them on victory in a referendum that boosts their power and plays a key role in the future of the country and the rest of the region .
They made the call Monday after the ‘ Yes ' campaign won over 51 percent of the votes during Sunday 's referendum , while the 'No ' campaign gained nearly 49 percent .
The reforms will change Turkey 's parliamentary system into a presidential one ; the office of the prime minister will be abolished ; the president will appoint the cabinet and an undefined number of vice-presidents , and will be able to select and remove senior civil servants without parliamentary approval .
The changes would also potentially keep Erdoğan in power until 2029 .
The American president 's congratulatory tone appears to run counter to an earlier statement by the US State Department , asserting that the referendum took place in an environment where “ fundamental freedoms essential to a genuinely democratic process were curtailed . ”
Apart from congratulating , thanking and voicing support for Erdoğan , Trump also talked about their recent missile attack against the Syrian government .
They made the call to `` congratulate them on their recent referendum victory and to discuss the United States ' action in response to the Syrian regime 's use of chemical weapons , '' according to a What House release .
Two US Navy destroyers fired 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles from the Mediterranean Sea at Syria 's al-Shayrat airfield late on April 7 in retaliation for a suspected chemical attack that Washington blamed on Syrian fighter jets operating from the base .
Syria has denied carrying out the attack , maintaining that it was a false-flag one to criminalize Syrian President Bashar al-Assad .
SYDNEY The reopening of Aurizon Holdings Ltd 's Blackwater rail line , a key link between coking coal mines and export ports in cyclone-hit northeast Australia , will be delayed after suffering more water damage than expected , according to a source .
The Blackwater line was scheduled to re-open later this week and start replenishing global coking coal supplies after Cyclone Debbie hit the state of Queensland and disrupted haulage operations . The system transported more than 60 million tonnes of coal last year and services mines operated by BHP Billiton ( BHP.AX ) , Glencore PLC ( GLEN.L ) and Sojitz Corp ( 2768.T ) , among others .
However , a mining company employee with operations on Aurizon 's ( AZJ.AX ) Blackwater line told Reuters that floodwaters were `` running harder than predicted '' .
`` Our understanding is the reopening of the rail line ... is likely to be early next week at best , '' said the source , who requested anonymity .
Aurizon did not immediately respond to questions from Reuters .
Queensland accounts for more than 50 percent of global seaborne coking coal supplies . The export disruptions there have led to huge price rises in the steel-making material and opened the door for rivals to cash in .
Coking coal futures DJMcv1 on the Dalian Commodity Exchange , which was closed on Monday and Tuesday for a public holiday , jumped over 7 percent early on Wednesday to $ 197.80 per tonne , the highest level since December 2016 .
China is the world 's biggest importer of coking coal while Australia is the world 's top exporter .
Blackwater is the second-busiest line servicing the Queensland coking coal industry and is the first scheduled to be brought back into operation .
The neighbouring Goonyella line is the worst affected , with landslides damaging tracks at a critical mountain pass .
Cyclone Debbie , which struck last week as a category four storm , one rung below the most damaging category five , has left a disaster zone stretching 1,000 km ( 600 miles ) in Queensland , with subsequent flooding claiming at least six lives .
( Reporting by Tom Westbrook and Jonathan Barrett in SYDNEY . ; Editing by Christian Schmollinger )
CORRECTED-Domino 's Pizza in Turkey , Russia aims for $ 422 mln share market valuation
LONDON , June 15 DP Eurasia , the Domino 's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey , has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange , implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ( $ 422 million ) .
April 13 PVH Corp
* PVH announces licensing agreement with the USA Legwear for Warner 's socks and hosiery
* PVH - Warner 's product offering to include women 's sheer hosiery , tights , leggings , thigh highs , knee highs , trouser socks , among other things
* PVH - 2 units entered license deal with the USA legwear under which USA Legwear to manufacture , sell , distribute women 's hosiery , socks under Warner 's brand Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UPDATE 1-Britain 's Heathrow says baggage problem fixed after early failure
LONDON , June 15 Europe 's biggest airport London Heathrow said on Thursday that an issue preventing bags from being checked in at terminals 3 and 5 had been resolved and apologised to those passengers who had to fly without luggage on early morning flights .
March 31 India 's broader NSE index ended steady on Friday as investors booked profits , but posted its third consecutive monthly gain as well as the best quarter in almost three years .
The NSE index advanced 3.3 percent this month after hitting a record high of 9,218.40 on March 17 . For the quarter it rose 12.1 percent , its best showing since April-June 2014 .
On Friday , the NSE ended flat at 9,173.75 , while the benchmark BSE index fell 0.09 percent to 29,620.50 . Both indexes gained 0.7 percent for the week .
For the midday report , click ( Reporting by Aby Jose Koilparambil in Bengaluru ; Editing by Sunil Nair )
April 28Dohia Group Co Ltd :
* Sees H1 FY 2017 net profit to decrease by 15 percent to 45 percent , or to be 5.4 million yuan to 8.4 million yuan
* Says H1 FY 2016 net profit was 9.9 million yuan
* The reasons for the forecast are bad performance of group purchase business and internet e-commerce business as well as increased operating expense of Changsha Industrial Park
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/JJ0cCa
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Cat-loving comic Bob Mortimer paid a visit to Cats Protection 's adoption centre in Sussex this week to meet the unwanted cats looking for their purr-fect human partners .
The comedian , who found fame as one half of legendary duo Vic and Bob , is a self-confessed cat fan so was happy to spend time with the many homeless moggies currently in care at the charity 's site in Chelwood Gate , near Uckfield .
Since last year Bob has been making up funny cat names and jokingly ‘ selling ' them on Twitter in an effort to promote the charity .
The charity itself has adopted some of these unusual names to highlight their work . Among the felines looking for homes are DJ Loveham , Fond Margaret and Lacey Bedspread , whose ‘ romantic ' names were among a batch thought up by Bob and featured on their latest feline-themed artwork , entitled ‘ Tender Gary ' .
Bob said : “ I 'm a big cat lover and have always had them in my life so it 's great to be supporting Cats Protection , which does so much to help unwanted moggies . I have two cats at the moment , called Goodmonson and Mavis , but I love naming cats and am always calling them different things every day . ”
“ I 've loved seeing all the cats at the centre . It 's a bit sad , but they 're well cared for and it 's nice to think they 'll all be going to lovely homes . ”
Cats named by Bob and currently in need of homes include :
Fond Margaret : Fond Margaret was found straying in a garden in Romford for over six weeks . Them age has been estimated at 10 years old . She 's a really sweet , loving , friendly girl who loves a fuss . They will need an indoor only home , as they are FIV positive .
DJ Loveham : DJ was found as a stray in Tunbridge Wells and had been in the area for up to a year . Their age has been estimated at one year old . They are absolutely lovely , loves attention and is very talkative . They came in with an injury and has a collar on at the moment to prevent them from scratching their wound . DJ would like a home with a garden with someone who can give them copious amounts of fuss . Dependant on a successful introduction at the centre they may be able to live with children .
Ron Com : Ron Com was found straying in Basildon . Their age has been estimated at six years old and he 's black and white . He 's a very timid boy so would suit a quiet home with an understanding owner who will let them settle at their own pace . They would be best placed in a home without children or other animals .
Lacey Bedspread : Lacey was found straying in Camberley for six months . When they came in they had a microchip so contacted the owner but they 'd rehomed them and the details were n't updated so we ca n't trace an owner . She 's 8 years 11 months old from the microchip . She 's a very shy girl who 's currently seeking security from underneath their fort . She 's likely going to be looking for a calm home where they can get used to things at their own pace .
Carol Niceface : Carol Niceface came into care with Kedgeree & Candles as sadly their owner passed away . Carol is seven and a half years old and a really sweet girl , just a little shy at first and is at the moment looking out from their fort . She 's not keen on other animals and would prefer a quiet home so best homed without children .
Kedgeree and Candles : Kedgeree ( male , black and white ) & Candles ( female , black ) are a sweet pair who are seven years old and enjoy a fuss once they know you . They are looking for a home with a garden and might be able to live with children pending a successful introduction at the centre .
Manager of Cats Protection 's National Adoption Centre , Danielle Draper , said the charity was grateful to Bob , not only for supporting the charity but for also helping to inspire some new names for cats in its care . They said : “ Sadly , with hundreds coming through our centre each year it can be hard to think up original names for them all . ”
The first three cats to receive a ‘ romantic ' name inspired by Bob – Tender Gary , Softy Pinkpowders and Derek Snuggles – have happily already found loving new homes . Gary 's new owner is a huge fan of Bob Mortimer so was thrilled to adopt a feline friend named by them and has decided to keep their cat 's quirky moniker .
To see cats in need of homes in your area visit www.cats.org.uk/find-a-cat
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Great Portland Estates Plc :
* ‍DEBENTURE TENDER OFFER EARLY RESULTS​
* ‍ANNOUNCES EARLY RESULTS OF , AND PRICING FOR , ITS OUTSTANDING £150,000,000 5.625 PER CENT . FIRST MORTGAGE DEBENTURE STOCK DUE 2029​
* ‍OFFEROR HAD RECEIVED VALID TENDERS OF £120,952,139 IN AGGREGATE NOMINAL AMOUNT OF BONDS​
* ‍ALL SUCH BONDS WILL BE ACCEPTED BY OFFEROR FOR PURCHASE PURSUANT TO OFFER​
* ‍CASH PURCHASE PRICE OFFEROR WILL PAY FOR BONDS WILL BE 131.884 PERCENT OF NOMINAL AMOUNT OF RELEVANT BONDS​ Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach , says their cycle over
TIRANA , June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016 , their first and only appearance at a major tournament .
BEIJING May 3 China 's insurance sector recorded 1.59 trillion yuan ( $ 230.7 billion ) in premium income in the first quarter , up 32 percent from a year earlier , the country 's insurance regulator said in an online statement on Wednesday .
Compared with a 42 percent on-year rise in the first quarter of 2016 , the rate of growth of the insurance industry slowed down due to tighter regulations as part of Beijing 's broader effort to de-leverage the financial system and curb systematic risks .
Premium income earned by life insurance companies rose 37 percent on year to 1.3 trillion yuan during the first three months , while property and casualty insurers received 263.5 billion yuan in premium income .
Insurers earned 185.6 billion yuan in investment income during the January-March period , up 34 percent from a year earlier . Equity investment accounted for 13 percent of their total outstanding investment .
Total insurance industry assets stood at 16.18 trillion yuan by end-March , up 7 percent from the start of the year .
( $ 1 = 6.8921 Chinese yuan renminbi ) ( Reporting By Shu Zhang and Matthew Miller ; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE , June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate 's CEO job .
The Latest : Bitcoin futures soar in first hours of trading
hello
This Friday , Dec. 8 , 2017 , photo shows the Chicago Board Options Exchange website announcing that bitcoin futures will start trading on the CBOE on Sunday evening , Dec. 10 . Bitcoin futures will start trading a week later on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange . Associated Press
CHICAGO -- The Latest on the debut of bitcoin futures trading ( all times local ) :
9:30 p.m .
Bitcoin futures are spiking in their first hours of trading .
Trading in the first-ever bitcoin futures began at 5 p.m. central time . At 9:15 CST , the futures contract that expires in January , which opened at $ 15,000 , was trading at $ 18,010 , according to CBOE Global Markets .
The CBOE 's competitor exchange , the Chicago Mercantile Exchange , will start trading its own futures on Dec. 18 .
The price of a bitcoin has soared since beginning the year below $ 1,000 , hitting a peak of more than $ 16,858 Dec. 7 on the bitcoin exchange Coindesk . As of 9:10 p.m. CST , it was at $ 16,405.76 on Coindesk .
___
6:05 p.m .
The first-ever bitcoin futures rose in early trading . The futures rose $ 540 to $ 16,000 on the Chicago Board Options Exchange .
The traffic to the Chicago Board Options Exchange website after start of trading overwhelmed the site .
`` Due to heavy traffic on our website , visitors to www.cboe.com may find that it is performing slower than usual and may at times be temporarily unavailable , '' the exchange said in a statement . But it said the trading in the futures had not been disrupted .
Bitcoin is a digital currency that has exploded in popularly and volatility this year . Sunday marked the first time bitcoin futures have traded on a major U.S. exchange .
The CBOE futures do not involve actual bitcoin ; they 're securities that will track the price of bitcoin on Gemini , one of the larger bitcoin exchanges .
___
This story has been corrected to show that traffic to the CBOE 's website , not trading on the website , slowed the site 's performance .
This story is about Published 1h
Where are they now ? Joey Gallo headlines last decade of Rangers first-round draft picks Share This Story On ... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Ashley Landis/Staff Photographer Texas Rangers third baseman Joey Gallo ( 13 ) celebrates their 2-run home run with shortstop Jurickson Profar ( 19 ) and left fielder Delino DeShields ( 3 ) during the second inning of an MLB game between the Texas Rangers and the Kansas City Royals on Friday , April 21 , 2017 at Globe Life Park in Arlington , Texas . ( Ashley Landis/The Dallas Morning News )
By SportsDayDFW.com Contact SportsDayDFW.com on Twitter : @ SportsDayDFW
Here 's a look at the Texas Rangers ' 10 most notable picks of the last decade , and where they are now ...
2016
Ashley Landis/Staff Photographer Minor league pitcher Cole Ragans , center , gets advice from starting pitcher Martin Perez ( 33 ) and starting pitcher Cole Hamels ( 35 ) during a spring training workout at the teams ' training facility on Tuesday , February 28 , 2017 in Surprise , Arizona . ( Ashley Landis/The Dallas Morning News )
Cole Ragans/LHP : Selected 30th overall in the 2016 draft , the 6 ' 4 '' , 19-year-old southpaw from Crawfordville , Florida is recovering from a tear in the left ulnar collateral ligament in their elbow . They underwent Tommy John surgery and will miss the rest of the season . The usual recovery period is 12-14 months . Depending on the source , Ragans , 20 , is considered the top or second-best pitching prospect in the organization . They spent 2017 at short-season Class A Spokane , where they were 3-2 with a 3.61 ERA . 2015
Tom Fox/Staff Photographer Pitcher Dillon Tate throws in their indoor workout area of Globe Life Park in Arlington during the Texas Rangers winter minicamp in Arlington , Texas , Thursday , January 21 , 2016 . ( Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News )
Dillon Tate/RHP : Considered a top prospect out of UC Santa Barbara in the 2015 draft , Tate went fourth overall to the Texas Rangers . They made their way to the Class-A Hickory Crawdads in 2016 , but was traded to the New York Yankees last season in the deal that sent Carlos Beltran to Texas . The whiff on Tate still affects the organization , writes Gerry Fraley . It increases the pressure on the Rangers to make good call at No . 15 on Monday . With a strong possibility of having a top-five pick next year , the Rangers have to learn from the Tate experience . 2014
Michael Ainsworth/Staff Photographer Kip Fagg , left , of the Texas Rangers introduces first round draft pick Luis Ortiz , at Globe Life Park in Arlington , Texas , on June 11 , 2014 . ( Michael Ainsworth/The Dallas Morning News )
Luis Ortiz/RHP : Signed with the Rangers rather than attend Fresno State University after being drafted 30th overall in 2014 . Made their way to the Double-A Frisco RoughRiders before being part of the trade package that was sent to the Milwaukee Brewers in exchange for Jonathan Lucroy and Jeremy Jeffress . They are the last piece of the trade still with Milwaukee . 2012
Michael Ainsworth/Staff Photographer Texas Rangers General Manager Jon Daniels , left , and president Nolan Ryan , right , pose with draft picks ( l to r ) , Lewis Brinson , Joey Gallo , Collin Wiles , Jamie Jarmon , and Nick Williams , pose together as the draft picks are introduced at the Rangers Ballpark in Arlington on Tuesday , June 12 , 2012 . ( Michael Ainsworth/ The Dallas Morning News )
Lewis Brinson/OF : Selected 29th overall by Texas , Brinson spent four years in the Rangers ' organization . They were promoted all the way to Triple-A Round Rock and was invited to spring training last season . Brinson was dealt along with Ortiz to Milwaukee as part of the package that acquired Lucroy/Jeffress . They were traded again to the Miami Marlins where they have appeared in 52 games with a .157 batting average . At the time of publishing , they have more than double the amount of strikeouts as they do hits this season . Joey Gallo/3B : Gallo was a supplemental first-round pick , 39th overall , in the 2012 draft . They debuted with the Rangers in 2015 , hitting a home run in their first game . The club has discussed the idea of occasionally using Gallo , fourth on the team in OPS , in center to put the most threatening offensive lineup on the field , particularly against right-handed pitchers . 2010
Vernon Bryant/Staff Photographer Round Rock Express pitcher Luke Jackson on the mound in the ninth inning in a game against the Omaha Storm Chasers at Dell Diamond in Round Rock , on Tuesday , May 12 , 2015 . ( Vernon Bryant/The Dallas Morning News )
Luke Jackson/RHP : A supplemental draft choice in 2010 , 45th overall , Jackson did n't make their Rangers debut until 2015 and only pitched in 15 games over two seasons . They were traded to the Atlanta Braves after the 2016 season . They have appeared in two games this season . In 1.1 innings their ERA is 13.50 . Mike Olt/3B : Another supplemental pick , 49th overall , Olt never caught on with the Rangers due to issues with their vision . They played in 16 games for Texas in 2012 , and was traded the following year . He 's now assigned to the Boston Red Sox Double-A affiliate . They have appeared in more than 600 minor league games . 2009
Louis DeLuca/Staff Photographer Texas Rangers relief pitcher Tanner Scheppers ( 52 ) is pictured during the Los Angeles Angels vs. the Texas Rangers major league baseball game at Globe Life Park in Arlington on Wednesday , September 21 , 2016 . ( Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News )
Tanner Scheppers/RHP : Texas selected Scheppers in 2009 's supplemental first round , 44th overall -- the same draft that saw the selections of Stephen Strasburg ( 1 ) and Mike Trout ( 25 ) . He 's been a part of the the club 's bullpen the last few years and was the Opening Day starter in 2014 . 2008
Julie Jacobson/AP Toronto Blue Jays ' Justin Smoak drops their bat after connecting for a grand slam home run as New York Yankees catcher Brian McCann watches during the sixth inning of a baseball game , Saturday , Aug. 8 , 2015 , in New York . ( AP Photo/Julie Jacobson ) 08092015xPUB
Justin Smoak/1B : Smoak played at South Carolina for three years before being the 11th overall pick by the Rangers in the 2008 draft . In July 2010 , they were traded to the Seattle Mariners in the deal that sent Cliff Lee and Mark Lowe to Arlington . Smoak had to leave Texas for their MLB career to take off . After a few years in Seattle , they were claimed off waivers by the Toronto Blue Jays in 2014 and had the best year of their career at age 30 . They batted .270 , had 151 hits and smashed 38 home runs in 2017 en route to becoming an All-Star for the first time in their career . 2007
Chris O'Meara/AP Tampa Bay Rays relief pitcher Tommy Hunter celebrates with catcher Jesus Sucre , left , after the Rays defeated the Los Angeles Angels 4-0 during a baseball game Thursday , May 25 , 2017 , in St. Petersburg , Fla. ( AP Photo/Chris O'Meara )
Tommy Hunter/RHP : Hunter was selected 54th overall as a supplemental first round draft choice in 2007 . They played multiple roles for the Rangers ' staff from 2008-11 , including being the Game 4 starter for Game 4 of the ALCS against the New York Yankees in 2010 . After a trade to Baltimore in 2012 , they ramped up their fastball from the lower- to upper-90s and has become a traveling bullpen arm across baseball . He 's currently with the Phillies . They have been on five different teams the last four seasons . The rest : Travis Demeritte/2B ( 2013 ) , Alex Gonzalez/RHP ( 2013 ) , Collin Wiles/RHP ( 2012 ) , Zach Cone/OF ( 2011 ) , Kevin Matthews/LHP ( 2011 ) , Kellin Deglan/C ( 2010 ) , Jake Skole/OF ( 2010 ) , Matt Purke/LHP ( 2009 ) , Neil Ramirez/RHP ( 2007 ) , Michael Main/RHP ( 2007 ) , Julio Borboun/OF ( 2007 ) , Blake Beavan/RHP ( 2007 )
May 3 Idexx Laboratories Inc :
* To repurchase up to an additional 3.0 million shares of its common stock under its ongoing share repurchase program
* Idexx Laboratories announces increase in share repurchase program Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
March 31 Australian shares are expected to open higher for a fourth straight session on Friday , mirroring Wall Street which rose on data showing strengthening economic growth . Australia 's energy and material stocks may also gain as oil prices rise to their highest in three weeks , while copper hit a four-week peak . Australia 's major trading partner China also posted a trade surplus in the last quarter of 2016 , the foreign exchange regulator said on Thursday . The local share price index futures was up 0.15 percent , or 9 points , at 5,889 , a 7.2 points discount to the underlying S & P/ASX 200 index close . The benchmark gained 0.4 percent in the previous session after data showed households ' net worth rose to a record high , boding well for spending in the face of tepid growth . New Zealand 's benchmark S & P/NZX 50 index was up for a fourth straight session at 0.019 percent , or 1.36 points , to 7,170.47 at 0910 GMT . For a summary of overnight action across global markets , click on For a digest of the day 's business stories in Australian newspapers , click on ( Reporting by Susan Mathew in Bengaluru ; Editing by Lisa Shumaker )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — This may or may not come as a surprise : Merriam-Webster 's word of the year for 2017 is `` feminism . ''
Yes , it 's been a big year or two or 100 for the word . In 2017 , lookups for feminism increased 70 percent over 2016 on Merriam-Webster.com and spiked several times after key events , lexicographer Peter Sokolowski , the company 's editor at large , told The Associated Press ahead of Tuesday 's annual word reveal .
There were the Women 's March on Washington in January , along with sister demonstrations around the globe . And heading into the year was Democrat Hillary Clinton 's presidential campaign and references linking them to white-clad suffragettes , along with their loss to President Donald Trump , who once boasted about grabbing women .
The `` Me Too '' movement rose out of Harvey Weinstein 's dust , and other `` silence breakers '' brought down rich and famous men of media , politics and the entertainment worlds .
Advertisement
Feminism has been in Merriam-Webster 's annual Top 10 for the last few years , including sharing word-of-the-year honors with other `` isms '' in 2015 . Socialism , fascism , racism , communism , capitalism and terrorism rounded out the bunch . Surreal was the word of the year last year .
`` The word feminism was being use in a kind of general way , '' Sokolowski said by phone from the company 's headquarters in Springfield , Massachusetts . `` The feminism of this big protest , but it was also used in a kind of specific way : What does it mean to be a feminist in 2017 ? Those kinds of questions are the kinds of things , I think , that send people to the dictionary . ''
Feminism 's roots are in the Latin for `` woman '' and the word `` female , '' which dates to 14th century English . Sokolowski had to look no further than their company 's founder , Noah Webster , for the first dictionary reference , in 1841 , which is n't all that old in the history of English .
`` It was a very new word at that time , '' Sokolowski said . `` His definition is not the definition that you and I would understand today . Their definition was , 'The qualities of females , ' so basically feminism to Noah Webster meant femaleness . We do see evidence that the word was used in the 19th century in a medical sense , for the physical characteristics of a developing teenager , before it was used as a political term , if you will . ''
Webster added the word in revisions to their `` An American Dictionary of the English Language . '' They were their last . They died in 1843 . They also added the word terrorism that year .
`` We had no idea they were the original dictionary source of feminism . We do n't have a lot of evidence of what they were looking at , '' Sokolowski said .
Today , Merriam-Webster defines feminism as the `` theory of the political , economic and social equality of the sexes '' and `` organized activities on behalf of women 's rights and interests . ''
Another spike for the word feminism in 2017 occurred in February , after Kellyanne Conway spoke at the Conservative Political Action Committee .
`` It 's difficult for me to call myself a feminist in the classic sense because it seems to be very anti-male and it certainly seems to be very pro-abortion . I 'm neither anti-male nor pro-abortion , '' they said . `` There 's an individual feminism , if you will , that you make your own choices . ... I look at myself as a product of my choices , not a victim of my circumstances . And to me , that 's what conservative feminism is all about . ''
They were applauded , and they sent many people to their dictionaries , Sokolowski said . The company would not release actual lookup numbers .
Other events that drew interest to the word feminism was the popular Hulu series , `` The Handmaid 's Tale , '' and the blockbuster movie , `` Wonder Woman , '' directed by a woman , Patty Jenkins , Sokolowski said .
Merriam-Webster had nine runners-up , in no particular order :
— Complicit , competitor Dictionary.com 's word of the year .
— Recuse , in reference to Jeff Sessions and the Russia investigation .
— Empathy , which hung high all year .
— Dotard , used by Kim Jong-un to describe Trump .
— Syzygy , the near straight-line configuration of three celestial bodies , such as the sun , moon and earth during a solar or lunar eclipse .
— Gyro , which can be pronounced three different ways , a phenom celebrated in a Jimmy Fallon sketch on `` The Tonight Show . ''
— Federalism , which Lindsey Graham referred to in discussing the future of the Affordable Care Act .
— Hurricane , which Sokolowski suspects is because people are confused about wind speed .
— Gaffe , such as what happened at the Academy Awards when the wrong best picture winner was announced . That was a go-to word for the media , Sokolowski said .
Correction : Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at ' A- ' ; Outlook Stable
( The following statement was released by the rating agency ) HONG KONG , June 14 ( Fitch ) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited 's immediate parent . Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited 's ( CUPI ) Insurer Financial Strength Rating ( IFS ) at ' A- ' ( Strong ) . The Outlook is Stable . KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI 's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co. ,
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday , June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season . ( SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout )
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Australia 's Sally Pearson completed one of the great sporting comebacks when they overcame two years of injury agony to win the world 100 metres hurdles title at the age of 30 on Saturday .
Pearson , world champion in 2011 and Olympic gold medallist in London in 2012 and with Olympic and world silvers to their name , held off Dawn Harper Nelson , one of four Americans in the field , for an emotional triumph .
They missed the last two seasons due to hamstring and Achilles injuries and a badly broken wrist and feared for their career . But when they clocked 12.48 seconds in the London Diamond League last month - their fastest time for five years - they realised they were in medal-contending form .
They then underlined that by reaching the final as the fastest qualifier in 12.53 on Friday .
Pearson did not need to go that fast on Saturday but barely noticed the clock as they posted 12.59 seconds , screaming `` oh my God '' repeatedly after crossing the line .
`` I 've worked so hard , I do n't know what has just happened out there . I 'm so tired but I 'm sure it will sink in soon , '' they said .
On their joyous finish-line exclamations , they said : `` I do n't know if it was surprise but the emotion just escaped my body because I was so excited and so happy to have achieved what I 've worked so hard for .
`` I love this stadium , I love the people and I 'm so happy to be back here doing the same thing again . ''
Harper Nelson , the 2008 Olympic champion and silver medallist behind Pearson in 2012 took silver in 12.63 ahead of Germany 's Pamela Dutkiewicz , who claimed a surprise bronze in 12.72 .
Athletics - World Athletics Championships - Women 's 100 Metres Hurdles Final - London Stadium , London , Britain – August 12 , 2017 . Sally Pearson of Australia wins the final ahead of Pamela Dutkiewicz of Germany and Kendra Harrison of the U.S. John Sibley
`` I can not believe it , it 's crazy , '' said Dutkiewicz . `` There were so many big names in the field and since I was a girl I have been admiring Sally Pearson .
`` This is like in a film . I had a flow . I am glad I caught this moment of complete flow , of complete concentration . On the finish line I thought I had finished fourth - madness ! ''
Favourite Kendra Harrison , who set the world record in the London Stadium last year having missed out on Olympic selection , clattered too many barriers as they did in the semis and finished fourth in 12.74 .
Slideshow ( 2 Images )
Pearson , racing in lane three outside Harrison , blasted from the blocks and showed all their experience to concentrate on their own race as Harrison faltered .
Former men 's 110m hurdles world record holder Colin Jackson described the Australian 's technique as `` absolutely flawless '' and that , combined with their famed winning mentality and now a body again able to match their mind , took them over the line .
Harrison , who was disqualified in the semis two years ago , had been unbeaten in 23 races until the semi-final in London on Friday but their wait for a championship medal goes on .
`` I 'm still young , this was my first world final , people forget that because I 'm the world record holder , '' said the 24-year-old .
`` They expect me to be winning all the time but I 'm pleased to be in my first world final and have learned a lot . ''
Defending champion Danielle Williams of Jamaica failed to make the final while last year 's Olympic champion Brianna Rollins , who led an American sweep of the Rio podium , is banned for a doping violation .
( Updates to close )
March 28 Australian shares closed at their highest in nearly two years on Tuesday , buoyed by a rally in financials with the recent round of mortgage rate hikes driving bullish sentiment across the banking sector .
The S & P/ASX 200 index climbed 1.3 percent , or 74.5 points , to 5,821.2 , its highest close since May 2015 .
The rally was broad-based with advancing issues outnumbering declining ones by 9.21 to 1 .
Financials accounted for more than half of the gains , with the country 's biggest mortgage lender , Commonwealth Bank of Australia , rising 2.2 percent to a more than one-month closing high .
Australia and New Zealand Banking jacked up mortgage rates for speculative buyers on Friday as part of an intensifying campaign by regulators to hose down a heated housing market .
Commonwealth Bank of Australia , National Australia Bank and Westpac Banking Corp made similar hikes earlier this month .
Among other gainers , Quintis Ltd leapt 13.6 percent after the sandalwood plantation group said its managing director had resigned and would consider making a takeover offer for the company together with an unnamed international group .
The move follows the publication last week of a highly negative report by short-seller Glaucus Research that knocked down Quintis shares by about 25 percent .
New Zealand 's benchmark S & P/NZX 50 index nudged up 0.04 percent , or 2.52 points , to finish the session at 7,065.23 .
Gains in healthcare and utilities were offset by declines in consumer staples and industrials .
Air New Zealand was the biggest percentage gainer on the index , rising 3.1 percent . ( Reporting By Shashwat Pradhan in Bengaluru ; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu )
May 3 Humana Inc
* Humana inc qtrly GAAP revenue $ 13,762 million versus $ 13,800 million
* Q1 revenue view $ 13.62 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Humana inc - adjusted consolidated revenues for q1 of $ 13.48 billion compares to adjusted consolidated revenues of $ 12.91 billion last year
* Humana inc - q1 gaap consolidated benefit ratio of 84.5 percent decreased 30 basis points
* Humana inc - q1 adjusted consolidated benefit ratio of 85.2 percent increased 20 basis points from q1 2016 adjusted consolidated benefit ratio of 85.0 percent Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
( Adds details on protests , background on Trump Jerusalem decision )
JERUSALEM , Dec 10 ( Reuters ) - Israeli Defence Minister Avigdor Lieberman said on Sunday they hoped the violence that erupted in Palestinian protests against President Donald Trump 's decision to recognise Jerusalem as Israel 's capital was abating .
“ Our hope is that everything is calming down and that we are returning to a path of normal life without riots and without violence , ” Lieberman told Army Radio .
Violence erupted for a third day on Saturday in Gaza and the occupied West Bank in response to Trump 's announcement on Wednesday in which they overturned decades of U.S. policy towards the Middle East .
Pre-dawn Israeli air strikes on Saturday killed two Palestinian gunmen after militants fired rockets from the enclave into Israel on Friday .
However , street protests in Gaza and the West Bank were less intense on Saturday than on the previous two days and the military said there were no rocket launchings on Saturday night .
Trump 's recognition of Jerusalem has infuriated the Arab world and upset Western allies , who say it is a blow to peace efforts and risks causing further unrest in the Middle East .
Late on Saturday , Arab foreign ministers urged the United States to abandon its decision and said the move would spur violence throughout the region .
Israel says that all of Jerusalem is its capital . Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of a future independent state .
Most countries consider East Jerusalem , which Israel annexed after capturing it in a 1967 war , to be occupied territory , and say the status of the city should be left to be decided at future Israeli-Palestinian talks .
The Trump administration says it is still committed to Palestinian-Israeli talks , that Israel 's capital would be in Jerusalem under any serious peace plan , and that it has not taken a position on the city 's borders . It says the moribund negotiations can be revived only by ditching outdated policies . ( Writing by Ori Lewis ; editing by Maayan Lubell and Jason Neely )
April 20 a a a AG allgemeine Anlageverwaltung :
* FY EBIT 2.333 million euros ( $ 2.51 million ) , which is well above the forecast of 1.500 million euros
* FY loss 3.4 million euros , hurt by special effects Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9308 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Track : The Touch | Artist : Stan Bush | Album : The Transformers : The Movie
Track : The Touch | Artist : Stan Bush | Album : The Transformers : The Movie
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - ORANGE SA :
* ORANGE BUSINESS SERVICES STRENGTHENS ITS LEADERSHIP IN E-HEALTH WITH THE ACQUISITION OF ENOVACOM Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
( Reuters Health ) - Young men who are overweight or obese have up to double the risk of normal-weight peers for developing liver disease later in life , a large study in Sweden suggests .
If the young men also had type 2 diabetes , their risk of having liver disease by the time they reached middle age was as much as 3.3 times higher , researchers report in the journal Gut .
Past studies have shown that diabetes raises risk for liver disease and liver cancer , but the current study indicates that having a high body mass index ( BMI ) , a measure of weight relative to height , is a risk factor on its own .
“ A high BMI early in life in men is associated with an increased risk of developing severe liver disease later in life , and this can not be explained by a high alcohol consumption or viral hepatitis , ” lead study author Dr. Hannes Hagstrom told Reuters Health by email .
`` Also , this risk was highly increased in those men who contracted type 2 diabetes during the follow-up , independent of the baseline BMI , ” said Hagstrom , a researcher with the Center for Digestive Diseases at Karolinska University Hospital in Stockholm .
The study team analyzed records for 1,220,261 men who had physicals when they were drafted into the Swedish army between 1969 and 1996 and were 17 to 19 years old at the time . Using national health registries , the researchers followed the men until 2012 .
They grouped men according to BMI , which is measured as kilograms per square meter . Normally , a BMI between 18.5 and 24.9 is considered a healthy weight , while 25 to 29.9 is overweight , 30 or above is obese and 40 or higher is what 's known as morbidly obese . In the current study , researchers reduced the healthy range to BMIs between 18.5 and 22.5 , and used men in that group as the basis for comparisons with all the others .
When the men were drafted , the average BMI was 21.5 , and just 100,000 men were in the overweight range and 20,000 qualified as obese . But rates of obesity differed across the original enlistment period , the researchers note . In 1969 , about 6 percent of men were overweight and less than 1 percent were obese , but by 1996 , 12 percent of young men were overweight and almost 3 percent were obese .
Over the follow-up period , 5,281 men developed severe liver diseases , including cirrhosis and liver failure , and 251 were diagnosed with liver cancer .
When compared to men with BMIs less than 22.5 at baseline , the risk of severe liver disease increased as BMIs went up : men in the overweight category had about 50 percent increased risk of liver disease and obese men had a two-fold increased risk . Excluding men with a diagnosis of alcoholic liver disease from the analysis raised the risk associated with obesity slightly higher still .
`` Although we can not know for sure , we speculate that these men had or developed non-alcoholic fatty liver disease , and that this in some cases led to severe liver disease , ” Hagstrom said .
When they looked at liver cancer , the researchers found that men who were overweight at baseline had about a 60 percent increase in risk , while the risk was more than tripled for men who were obese .
Hagstrom said physicians should know overweight and obese teenage boys are at an increased risk for future severe liver disease , and that intervention early in life likely is necessary to reduce this risk .
“ Obesity is an important risk factor for a number of types of cancer . Liver cancer is one of those , ” Karen Basen-Engquist told Reuters Health .
“ This study shows that even obesity in early adulthood is associated with later risk . It 's important for us to try to maintain a healthy weight all through our lives , ” said Basen-Engquist , director of the University of Texas MD Anderson 's Center for Energy Balance in Cancer Prevention and Survivorship in Houston .
Basen-Engquist , who was not involved in the study , said doctors and researchers need to keep getting that message out because a lot of people are n't aware of the link between obesity and cancer . “ A lot of people know about smoking and cancer , but they do n't think about obesity and cancer risk . ”
SOURCE : bit.ly/2nYYC0X Gut , online March 20 , 2017 .
A consortium that includes German insurer Allianz ( ALVG.DE ) and HICL Infrastructure ( HICL.L ) is to buy Affinity Water Ltd [ VIEVW.UL ] , the largest water-only supply firm in England and Wales by revenue , through two transactions .
The consortium will acquire a 90 percent stake from Morgan Stanley Infrastructure ( MS.N ) and M & G Investments ' ( PRU.L ) Infracapital for 687 million pounds , and the rest from water company Veolia ( VIE.PA ) , the sellers said .
The deal is the latest acquisition of British infrastructure by overseas investors , as pension schemes , sovereign wealth funds and others look to take advantage of stable returns .
Last month , a consortium of Canadian and Kuwaiti investors agreed to buy a minority stake in Thames Water , Britain 's largest water firm , from funds managed by Macquarie .
Under the terms of Tuesday 's deal , British infrastructure investment firm HICL and Allianz will each take an about 36.6 percent stake in Affinity , while the third member of their consortium , fund manager DIF , will acquire the remaining stake .
HICL said it would pay 269 million pounds for its stake , giving the entire deal an equity value of about 735 million pounds . Affinity had net debt of 854.3 million pounds as of Sept. 30 , 2016 . ( bit.ly/2pBgIYN )
Both transactions are expected to complete this month .
Morgan Stanley and Infracapital formed Affinity Water through the purchase of Veolia Water 's British water supply operations in June 2012 for 1.1 billion pounds .
Affinity 's shareholders began a strategic review of the business on March 14 , but no formal auction sales process was launched .
HICL said the deal was in line with its strategy to buy low-risk infrastructure investment assets that produce long-term income and would be accretive to its existing portfolio in terms of total returns .
Its shares were down 2 percent at 170.8 pence at 1329 GMT , making it one of the top percentage losers on London 's midcap index .FTMC .
Affinity supplies water to 1.5 million homes and businesses and maintains water supply infrastructure . It had a regulatory capital value - a key industry metric - of 1.156 billion pounds as of March 31 .
The company said it did not expect the sale to result in any operational changes .
Nomura was adviser to the consortium , while Citi ( C.N ) acted as financial advisor to Infracapital and Morgan Stanley Infrastructure .
( Reporting by Esha Vaish in Bengaluru ; Editing by Mark Potter and Jane Merriman )
Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down , the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday , citing people familiar with the matter .
April 10 Da-Li Development Co Ltd :
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T $ 2 per share to shareholders for 2016
* Co will also use undistributed profit to distribute stock dividend worth T $ 0.2 for every one share
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/zS5oR6
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
BRIEF-Novartis says Cosentyx helped arthritis patients at 3 years
* Says Cosentyx shows sustained improvements in signs and symptoms for both active ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis in up to 80 percent of patients at 3 years Source text for Eikon : [ ID : file : ///C : /Users/g195632/AppData/Local/Fastwire/Download/-67 1638335/Body.Html ] Further company coverage : ( Reporting By Zurich newsroom )
TOKYO ( Reuters ) - Japan 's Financial Services Agency said on Friday it had been urging Coincheck to fix vulnerabilities in its computer system before hackers stole $ 530 million of digital money from the cryptocurrency exchange .
The financial regulator said the system vulnerability was among the reasons that Coincheck had not yet received official approval as an exchange .
DAR ES SALAAM ( Reuters ) - Bill Gates has told Reuters their foundation plans to spend more than $ 300 million in Tanzania this year on public health and poverty reduction programs .
In an interview , the billionaire said aid was now being spent `` in a smarter way '' in some parts of the world .
`` Some countries have made good progress in the reduction of childhood deaths and reduction in poverty , with Tanzania being a good example , '' said Gates , during a visit to the east African country .
`` I see a chance for the eradication of malaria and HIV/AIDS , but that 's gon na take a lot of science and a lot of investment . ''
The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation has spent billions of dollars on aid projects worldwide in recent years , much of it in Africa .
Gates said they were hopeful that the U.S. Congress would continue to resist President Donald Trump 's plans to make deep cuts to development aid .
A Republican-led Senate panel last month rejected proposed reductions .
`` Trump did propose a big aid cut , but Congress ... pushed back on those proposals . It 's clear they may not cut that much aid , '' they said .
The U.S. government pledged in May to give Tanzania a $ 526m aid package this year through the President 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief program .
( Updates market action , adds background )
NEW YORK , March 31 The U.S. bond market 's gauges on inflation expectations are on track to decline for the second straight month due to lower energy prices and reduced expectations that fiscal stimulus from Washington will bring faster economic growth .
The 10-year inflation break-even rate , or the yield difference between 10-year Treasury Inflation Protected Securities and regular 10-year Treasury notes , was last at 1.97 percent , down almost 1 basis point from Thursday and nearly 6 basis points lower than a month earlier , Tradeweb and Reuters data showed .
The decline in TIPS break-even rates was mitigated by data that showed U.S. inflation had moved closer to the Federal Reserve 's 2 percent goal .
On Friday , the core rate on personal consumption expenditures grew 0.2 percent in February , in line with analysts ' forecasts . That brings the Fed 's preferred inflation gauge 's year-over-year increase to 1.8 percent .
In March , U.S. oil futures fell to near $ 50 a barrel from about $ 55 at end of February on record domestic crude inventories and concerns about whether the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ' output cuts are enough to solve global oversupply .
Furthermore , TIPS break-even rates have fallen in recent days on doubts about whether U.S. President Donald Trump and a Republican-controlled Congress could enact tax cuts , looser regulations and infrastructure spending to boost the economy later this year . ( Reporting by Richard Leong ; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Lisa Von Ahn )
ATHENS , March 29 Greece has reached an agreement with its lenders on key labour reforms , spending cuts and energy issues , moving closer to clinching a preliminary deal before a meeting of euro zone finance ministers on April 7 , sources close to the talks said on Wednesday .
Greece will cut pension spending by up to one percent of GDP in 2019 , two officials told Reuters on condition of anonymity . Lowering the tax-free threshold to about 6,000 euros to save roughly another 1 percent of GDP has also been agreed , an EU official said .
On labour reforms , Greece will not be forced to liberalise mass layoffs further , as initially demanded by the IMF , two officials said . Collective bargaining , which was weakened as part of bailout reforms in 2012 , is expected to be revived after the country 's current bailout programme expires in 2018 . ( Reporting by Renee Maltezou )
São Paulo The mayor of São Paulo plans to sell the ageing Interlagos Formula One track to guarantee the future of the Brazilian Grand Prix and expects the sport 's former commercial supremo Bernie Ecclestone to bid .
Ecclestone , speaking separately to Reuters in London , confirmed talks but said they made no decision either way and suggested Formula One 's new owners Liberty Media could also be interested .
Mayor Joao Doria said the city-owned circuit was included in a seven billion reais ( £1.8 billion ) package of privatisations sought by São Paulo as the metropolis cleans up its finances amid the country 's worst recession in more than a century .
Interlagos hosts the only South American race on the calendar .
A sale would allow an upgrade to the facilities , with authorisation to build a hotel , luxury apartments and a museum named after Brazil 's three-time world champion Ayrton Senna , who died at Imola in Italy in 1994 .
`` The privatisation of the track is the guarantee of the continuity of Formula One , '' Doria , a multi-millionaire media entrepreneur , told Reuters .
`` I understand that Formula One is important but with private money , not public money . It 's perfectly possible for it to keep running with private money as a private track . ''
Doria and Ecclestone both said they had discussed the sale at a recent meeting . The 86-year-old British billionaire is married to a Brazilian and owns a ranch in the country .
`` He showed interest . He 's going to participate in the auction for the track , '' Doria said .
`` I have the impression that international funds are going to take part as well . I have no doubt that we will sell the Interlagos track , and sell it well . ''
Brazil , home of former champions Emerson Fittipaldi and Nelson Piquet as well as Senna , has hosted Formula One since 1973 , with Interlagos home to the Brazilian race since 1990 .
NO SUBSIDIES
Ecclestone , who left their position as CEO of Formula One in January when it was acquired by Liberty Media , has criticised conditions at the track .
Organisers have carried out improvements to the cramped pit and paddock facilities but some changes sought by Ecclestone have not happened due to financial reasons . Fans remain exposed to the elements and the track runs close by slums on one side .
Ecclestone said they and Doria had `` a proper get-together '' to discuss plans for the track .
`` They want to sell . They 're not going to subsidise anything there . They 're not going to put any money into it . They want to get rid of it , '' they said .
`` I have n't made any ‘ yes , I 'm going to buy ' or ‘ no , I ai n't going to buy ' ( decision ) . We 'll wait and see , '' they added .
Ecclestone said they had already advised Liberty-appointed Formula One chairperson and CEO Chase Carey to step in .
`` I think they are probably going to think about it , '' they added .
U.S. Grand Prix promoter Bobby Epstein said last week it would make sense for Formula One 's new owners to buy circuits as part of their strategic plans for the sport .
Doria did not have an estimate of how much they hoped to raise from Interlagos .
They said the privatisation would include a public plan to relocate poor residents who had built their homes near the track , while new development at the site would allow a private owner to fund upgrades .
`` We will probably have three buildings : one for mixed use , or entirely destined for a hotel , and two buildings for luxury apartments , '' said Doria .
A planned museum would celebrate the achievements of Brazilian motorsports and be named after Senna , who is buried in the city 's Morumbi cemetery .
( Additional reporting and editing by Alan Baldwin in London )
Chairman Billy Payne places Arnold Palmer 's green jacket on a chair as Palmer 's widow Kathleen Gawthrop looks on during the ceremonial tee off to start the 2017 Masters at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta , Georgia , U.S. , April 6 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brian Snyder
A member wears an 'Arnie 's Army ' button in memory of the late golfing great Arnold Palmer during the ceremonial tee off to start the 2017 Masters at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta , Georgia , U.S. , April 6 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brian Snyder
Chairman Billy Payne speaks in honor of the late Arnold Palmer as Palmer 's jacket lays on a chair during the ceremonial tee off to start the 2017 Masters at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta , Georgia , U.S. , April 6 , 2017 . REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst -
Jack Nicklaus tips their hat to the sky in honor of the late Arnold Palmer as Chairman Billy Payne ( L ) applauds before Nicklaus teed off during the start of the 2017 Masters at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta , Georgia , U.S. , April 6 , 2017 . REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
After a ceremony for their late husband , golfing great Arnold Palmer , Kathleen Palmer is escorted off the first tee by a member as chairperson Billy Payne looks on during the ceremonial tee off to start the 2017 Masters at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta , Georgia , U.S. , April 6 , 2017 . REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
AUGUSTA , Georgia Arnie 's Army was out in force one more time on Thursday , storming the first tee at the U.S. Masters in a final salute to Arnold Palmer , their fallen leader .
There have been many tributes since the man known as `` The King '' passed away at the age of 87 last September but none could match the emotional connection Palmer had with Augusta National and the Masters - a tournament the swashbuckling golfer made important and won four times .
The year 's first major got off to a sombre and poignant start as thousands of golf fans wearing commemorative buttons confirming their membership in Arnie 's Army stood at attention during a moment of silence broken only by the sound of a chilly wind rustling through the trees .
Augusta National chairperson Billy Payne addressed the massive gallery , telling them it was a morning of unbearable sadness . Golf icons Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player then struck the opening ceremonial tee shots without their long time friend and rival at their side .
`` Welcome to the 2017 Masters . It is a wonderful but , in one respect , a difficult day , '' said Payne . `` For the first time in many many decades someone is obviously missing from the first tee .
`` The almost unbearable sadness that we all feel by the passing of Arnold Palmer is only surpassed by the love and affection for him . ''
Before Nicklaus , a six-time Masters champion , hit their shot the Golden Bear looked to the heavens and waved their cap into the leaden skies in a clear salute to Palmer , whose Masters Green Jacket was draped over a white lawn chair to the side of the first tee .
After Player , who played in a record 52 Masters , sent their tee shot right Nicklaus stepped up and crushed their straight down the heart of the fairway , drawing a huge cheer signalling the 81st Masters was officially under way .
Later , Nicklaus and Palmer , both wearing Arnie 's Army badges on the lapels of their Green Jackets , held court and paid homage to Palmer , a gentleman , fierce competitor and friend who made the Masters into one of sports great events .
`` So Arnold came along ( and ) television was getting started . It was a time that the popularity of the game was really stimulated by Arnold , '' said Nicklaus .
`` It was a time when the Masters were just sort of getting its feet wet with what 's going on in the golfing world . Arnold was sort of the guy that made that popular and took the Masters from being a tournament to being one of the four biggest events in golf , '' Nicklaus went on .
`` I think it was Arnold who took it to that . So my feeling was that , yes , the Masters made Arnold in many ways because of their wins but the other way around , I think Arnold made the
Masters . Arnold put the Masters on the map and with their rise and their popularity , the Masters rose the same , '' they said .
`` I think they were both very good for each other . ''
( Editing by Mark Heinrich )
UPDATE 1-Sky and Virgin Media join forces for targeted TV advertising
LONDON , June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global 's Virgin Media will team up to offer advertisers access to more than 30 million TV viewers in Britain and Ireland .
( Repeats item first issued late Friday )
* Norway may provide cleanly produced hydrogen to Japan
* Australia hopes to export the fuel extracted from brown coal
* Japan bets heavily on hydrogen as fuel of the future
* However , technology remains expensive , difficult
* GRAPHIC - Hydrogen fuel production tmsnrt.rs/2oOIfVL
By Lefteris Karagiannopoulos , Sonali Paul and Aaron Sheldrick
OSLO/MELBOURNE/TOKYO , April 28 Norway and Australia are racing each other to show they can supply Japan with hydrogen , hoping to fulfil its ambition to become the first nation significantly fuelled by the super-clean energy source .
While Australia has planned to derive liquid hydrogen from brown coal for some time , Norway could steal a march if a pilot project producing the fuel using renewable energy - a climate-friendly method more in keeping with Japan 's aims - is cheaper .
Japan is betting heavily on becoming a `` hydrogen society '' despite the high costs and technical difficulties which have generally slowed its adoption as a carbon-free fuel .
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is pushing their vision of vehicles , houses and power stations using hydrogen to end Japan 's energy crisis since the 2011 Fukushima disaster , which led to a dramatic drop in electricity production from its nuclear plants .
The country 's annual hydrogen and fuel cell market is forecast to hit 1 trillion yen ( $ 9 billion ) in 2030 and 8 trillion yen in 2050 , according to the industry ministry .
Kawasaki Heavy Industries ( KHI ) is developing a supply chain to back Abe 's initiative , which will be showcased when Tokyo hosts the 2020 Olympic games .
KHI has been looking at using brown coal from the Australian state of Victoria , where supplies are plentiful . However , it is hedging its bets with a project in Norway to derive hydrogen using power from hydroelectric dams and eventually wind farms .
Using Australian coal requires removing its climate-changing carbon and burying it in old oil or gas wells there .
In Norway , KHI has teamed up with Nel Hydrogen , a maker of hydrogen plants , with backers including Japan 's Mitsubishi Corp and Norway 's Statoil . The project aims to demonstrate that liquefied hydrogen ( LH2 ) can be produced using renewables and delivered to Japan on tankers .
Nel Hydrogen 's market development vice-president Bjorn Simonsen told Reuters the company aims to deliver liquefied hydrogen to Japan for a minimum 24 yen per normal cubic metre ( Nm3 ) . A study on the scheme is due to be completed in 2019 .
KHI estimates that hydrogen from Australia costs about 29.8 yen/nm3 and the company plans to establish a global LH2 supply chain like that for liquefied natural gas , KHI 's spokesperson Keisuke Murakami told Reuters by email .
`` If Norway commercial ( production ) goes rapidly it might be earlier than Australian commercial , '' they said .
STUDY AWAITED
Both projects still have a long way to go before they could start commercial production .
Under the Australian plan , coal would be converted to gas for processing to remove sulphur , mercury and carbon dioxide , leaving hydrogen . The Norwegian system would use renewable power for high-temperature electrolysis to split water into hydrogen and oxygen , which would be released into the atmosphere . In both cases , the hydrogen would be liquefied for shipment to Japan .
In Australia , a small demonstration ship is being built and KHI plans to build bigger tankers in the 2020s . The firm is also seeking support from the Victorian and federal ( Commonwealth ) governments , Murakami said .
A hydrogen plant would `` contribute to job creation and the acquisition of foreign currencies , '' they said , adding that a pilot project in Australia is scheduled to start before 2020 .
Victoria is looking at the project due to the decline of brown coal mining and power stations burning the polluting fuel .
`` The Victorian and Commonwealth Governments have been working with KHI on an engineering study into the possible production of hydrogen from Victorian brown coal , '' the state 's resources minister , Wade Noonan , told Reuters . The government is waiting for KHI 's results , they said .
The Japanese government is backing KHI 's Australian initiative and budgeting 4.7 billion yen for it and related efforts this financial year , up 70 percent from the previous year . It is spending 22 billion yen backing other hydrogen initiatives .
Earlier this month Abe called on ministers to step up efforts to `` lead the world in making the hydrogen society come true '' . They called for 40,000 fuel cell vehicles to be on the streets by the 2020 Olympics .
So far , the technology has largely been applied to cars , with hydrogen used by a fuel cell to make electricity which in turn powers the vehicle . Toyota Motor Corp launched its hydrogen-fuelled Mirai model in 2014 .
However , only a few thousand Mirai - which means `` future '' in Japanese - are on the roads , a figure dwarfed by numbers of technically simpler battery-powered cars worldwide .
Fewer than 100 filling stations sell the fuel in Japan as safety concerns have held back development following hydrogen explosions that rocked the Fukushima nuclear plant .
While Japan has high hopes of developing commercial scale power stations using hydrogen , environmental concerns over the use of brown coal and other fossil fuels may cloud its future .
`` Over 95 percent of it today comes from fossil fuels . To speak about clean hydrogen we have to clean the dirty fuel that produces it , '' said Cédric Philibert , a senior renewable energy analyst at the International Energy Agency . ( $ 1 = 111.4500 yen )
( Additional reporting by Osamu Tsukimori in Tokyo ; editing by David Stamp )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
TOKYO Japan 's ANA Holdings Inc ( 9202.T ) , will lease four Boeing ( BA.N ) 737-800 aircraft while it awaits delayed deliveries of the country 's first commercial aircraft in 50 years , the 90-seat Mitsubishi Regional Jet ( MRJ ) , a senior executive told Reuters .
`` We have shortages because of the delayed delivery of the MRJ , '' said Yuji Hirako , who took up the role of president and chief executive of ANA 's airline subsidiary , All Nippon Airways Co , on April 1 .
ANA , Japan 's largest airline , had no plans to cancel its order for 25 of the Japanese-designed jetliners , they added .
The aircraft will be leased from Singapore-based BOC Aviation Limited ( 2588.HK ) and Dublin-based SMBC Aviation Capital , a representative said .
The MRJ , which is being built by a subsidiary of Mitsubishi Heavy Industries ( 7011.T ) , was delayed for two more years in January to redesign its wiring , with first delivery now set for 2020 . The latest holdup is the fifth since development began ten years ago .
To tackle the delays , ANA previously said it would push back the retirement of older Boeing 737-500 aircraft and buy three DHC-8-Q400 aircraft from MRJ rival Bombardier ( BBDb.TO ) . Each of the 737-800s can seat up to twice as many passengers as an MRJ .
( Reporting by Sam Nussey , Makiko Shiraki and Tim Kelly ; Editing by Clarence Fernandez )
BRUSSELS The agreement on Greek pension and income tax reforms reached on Tuesday morning paves the way for discussions on debt relief for Athens , the euro zone bailout fund ESM said in a statement .
`` Staff teams from the European Commission , European Stability Mechanism , the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund have reached a preliminary agreement with the Greek authorities on a policy package to support the recovery in Greece , and which will be the basis for concluding the 2nd review of the ESM stability support program , '' it said .
`` The Greek authorities have confirmed their intention to swiftly implement this policy package . This preliminary agreement will now be complemented by further discussions in the coming weeks on a credible strategy for ensuring that Greece 's debt is sustainable , '' the fund said .
( Reporting By Jan Strupczewski ; editing by Robert-Jan Bartunek )
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics , business , innovation , trends and more .
It has become an annual tradition for me to spend the Thursday evening before Memorial Day with some pretty cool art – not in NYC at The Met or MOMA , but at Abington Heights High School .
Last Thursday , I continued the tradition , strolling through the Art Wing and Auxiliary Gym of the high school during its annual student art show . As I nibbled on light refreshments and listened to a little music , I was blown away by the work of more than 400 student artists ! The exhibitors came from grades 9-12 , in art classes taught by Eileen Healey , Abby Fenton and Kayla Collurra , and photography taught by Tim Butler .
Ms. Healey , for one , was a fan .
“ You will see a variety of work from all of our students , ” they said , from classes like ceramics , jewelry , sculpture , photography , digital media , mixed media , intro to 3D design , art 1 , art 2 , art 3 , art 4 and creative expansion . They said students and teachers put their heads together to decide which art would be displayed .
The teacher said the annual event , which has been going on “ forever ” is the perfect venue “ to showcase our students ' creative talent . ”
Butler said they are proud of their photography students who are serious about their work and always rise above a challenging assignment .
“ They always bring me something new and better than before , ” they said .
Ms. Healey commented , “ As art teachers , we are all very proud to see the growth in artistic ability with all of our art students . ”
My daughter , Carolyn Lyon , is one of those students .
A senior , this was Carolyn 's fourth AHHS art show . In fact , Carolyn and Michah Beahan designed the promotional posters .
Although they plan to major in Spanish Culture at Lehigh University , art has always been one of Carolyn 's passions .
“ Art has been a part of my life , and it has become my favorite creative outlet by far , ” they said . “ I 've enjoyed moving forward from simply drawing into more interesting mediums such as ceramics , watercolor , and oils as I 've gotten older – much of which I would n't have been able to explore without my classes at school . ”
They said they have enjoyed being in their high school art show every year , especially this one .
“ I 've been waiting four years to do my senior display , and I 'm so excited that I finally get to show off all my hard work , ” Carolyn said . “ The art show this year is really great . I think my senior class is full of an exceptional amount of talented artists . ”
Carolyn said they work “ in a vast array of mediums , and I think it 's fun to be able to express yourself in so many different ways . ”
Them favorite pieces in the art show were their chalk pastel works . “ I did a large still life and a hand study , and I like the level of realism I achieved with both , ” they said .
Michah is a senior who plans to study art illustration with a minor in creative writing at University of the Arts in Philadelphia . They are consumed with art and took five art classes at AHHS this year .
“ Ever since I was a little kid , I knew this was what I wanted to do . I 've always been fascinated with children 's books , ” they said .
They said the art show is “ really nice . ”
“ I always like seeing the displays of the other students . ”
“ It has been very exciting to watch all the seniors pull out their art from every year for their displays , ” said Molly McHale , an art student who has loved participating in the AHHS Art Show .
Molly plans to attend Penn State University 's main campus in the fall .
Senior Skylar Conway was also enthusiastic about being in the show . Skylar will study illustration at Marywood University . Them favorite piece in their exhibit is a watercolor painting of tigers .
“ This class has a lot of talent . I 'm glad we have the chance to showcase it , ” Skylar said .
TERI LYON IS AN EXPERIENCED MOM , GRANDMOM AND FREELANCE WRITER WHO LIVES IN GLENBURN TOWNSHIP WITH THE YOUNGEST OF Them THREE DAUGHTERS AND THEIR CAT .
LAGOS , April 28 Nigeria sold 107.64 billion naira ( $ 353 million ) in treasury bills on Friday in a move to soak up excess liquidity from the banking system and curb pressure on the currency , traders said .
The central bank sold 54.42 billion naira in the 167-day open market operations ( OMO ) treasury bills at 18 percent and 55.22 billion naira paper at 18.5 percent , traders said .
But the effect of the sale was countered by additional liquidity from the repayment of matured bonds forcing overnight lending rate down to 5 percent on Friday from 30 percent at the start of the week .
Traders said banking system liquidity was 246 billion naira in credit on Friday , up from 206.96 billion naira in deficit a week ago . The money markets were also expecting the monthly government budget disbursement next week .
On the forex market , the naira eased on the black market to 390 per dollar and held steady on the official market at 305.85 .
( $ 1 = 304.85 naira ) ( Reporting by Oludare Mayowa ; Editing by Chijioke Ohuocha )
Spanish giants Barcelona will report Malaga president Abdullah Al-Thani to the nation 's football governing body and La Liga authorities over comments they made about the club on social media , the league leaders have said .
Al-Thani reportedly made offensive remarks about Barcelona on Twitter after a fan asked about Malaga 's upcoming game against title contenders Real Madrid .
Barcelona expressed its `` rejection and indignation '' of the tweet which , the club said , `` infringes upon the principles of fair play , and the ethical and legal precepts that must govern sporting competition . ''
`` The Club , therefore , will report this case to the National Sports Council 's Anti-Violence Committee , and will bring the matter before the Royal Spanish Football Federation 's Competition Committee , as well as the Department of Integrity of La Liga . ''
Barcelona are top of the league table , level on points with rivals Real Madrid , having played one game more .
( Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru ; editing by Amlan Chakraborty )
JOHANNESBURG May 3 Swiss engineering group ABB will supply its first batch of traction transformer units for 240 Bombardier electric locomotives , the company said on Wednesday after opening a production plant in South Africa .
The 2,450 square metre plant in Longmeadow , Johannesburg is expected to employ 60 people by the end of 2017 , the company said in a statement .
In 2014 , South Africa announced a 50 billion rand ( $ 3.74 billion ) locomotive supply contract , its largest ever , to four companies , including Canada 's Bombardier , in a push to modernise its fleet and support its road-to-rail migration .
`` ABB is proud of this new traction transformer facility in South Africa , reiterating our philosophy of locating manufacturing units close to our customers , '' ABB Chief Executive Ulrich Spiesshofer said .
`` It reinforces our next level strategy focus on strengthening our presence in Africa and supports our ongoing commitment to sustainable mobility . ''
Traction transformers feed power at safe voltages to essential train functions like traction , brakes , lighting , heating and ventilation , as well as passenger information , signalling and communication .
ABB has operations in 23 African countries and employs about 5,000 people across the continent .
( $ 1 = 13.3600 rand ) ( Reporting by Nqobile Dludla ; editing by Susan Thomas )
April 13 PNC Financial Services Group Inc
* PNC reports first quarter 2017 net income of $ 1.1 billion , $ 1.96 diluted eps
* Q1 revenue $ 3.9 billion
* Q1 earnings per share $ 1.96
* Q1 earnings per share view $ 1.82 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* PNC Financial Services Group Inc - qtrly net interest income increased $ 30 million , or 1 percent , to $ 2.2 billion
* PNC Financial Services Group Inc - Transitional basel III common equity tier 1 capital ratio was an estimated 10.5 percent at March 31 , 2017
* PNC Financial Services Group Inc - qtrly provision for credit losses was $ 88 million , an increase of $ 21 million
* PNC Financial Services Group - pro forma fully phased-in basel III common equity tier 1 capital ratio was an estimated 10.0 percent at March 31 , 2017
* PNC Financial Services- net interest margin increased to 2.77 percent for q1 of 2017 compared with 2.69 percent for Q4 and 2.75 percent for Q1 of 2016
* PNC Financial Services Group Inc - net charge-offs increased to $ 118 million for Q1 compared with $ 106 million for Q4 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
March 30 Starlake Bioscience Co Inc Zhaoqing Guangdong
* Says it returns to net profit of 24.3 million yuan ( $ 3.53 million ) in 2016 versus net loss of 422.4 million yuan year ago
* Says it applies to Shanghai stock exchange to relist its bonds
* Says it applies to Shanghai stock exchange to cancel delisting risk warning
Source text in Chinese : bit.ly/2oet7nG ; bit.ly/2nP8oGl ; bit.ly/2ochs8s
Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 6.8880 Chinese yuan renminbi ) ( Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
April 12 Tianjin Guangyu Development Co Ltd :
* Sees FY 2017 Q1 net loss to be 59.8 million yuan to 80.9 million yuan
* Says the net profit of FY 2016 Q1 was 62.5 million yuan
* Says that less delivery of commercial housing than same period last year and increased marketing expense as main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/4GX6Ab
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
April 6 Co-operative Group Ltd
* Group revenues up 3 % to £9.5bn , with food , funeralcare and insurance all delivering strong levels of growth
* Group records pre-tax loss at a statutory level reflecting prudent valuation of minority shareholding in co-operative bank
* Loss before tax of £132m ( 2015 : £23m profit ) , reflecting £74m increase in our finance costs due to changes in value of our bonds and writedown in carrying value of 20 % shareholding in co-operative bank
* We have reviewed fair value at year-end and reduced value of stake in co op bank to £nil . Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Reporting by Lawrence White )
March 31Hubei Jiuzhiyang Infrared System Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 0 percent to 10 percent , or to be 20.9 million yuan to 23 million yuan , compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 ( 20.9 million yuan )
* Says refund of value-added tax as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/xssmov
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
( Updates with order on use of drug in executions )
By Steve Barnes
LITTLE ROCK , Ark. , April 14 The state of Arkansas on Friday ran into a pair of new legal obstacles to its plan to carry out lethal injections on seven murderers in an unprecedented series of executions before the end of the month .
The Arkansas Supreme Court granted an emergency stay of execution for Bruce Ward , 60 , who was convicted of killing a convenience store clerk , and less than two hours later the executions of six other murderers were put on hold when an Arkansas circuit judge issued a temporary restraining order .
The judge 's restraining order barred the state from administering one of three drugs it planned to use in the executions , which are scheduled to begin on Monday and stretch over 11 days .
Attorney General Leslie Rutledge plans to file an emergency request for the Supreme Court to vacate that order , a spokesperson said , allowing the injections to commence .
The state , which has not carried out an death sentence in 12 years , scheduled the fast-paced executions in order to beat the expiration date on its batch of one of the drugs used in its lethal injection cocktail .
An eighth inmate who had been scheduled to die also won a stay earlier , removing them from the list for April execution .
Lawyers for all of the convicts have asked a federal court in Little Rock to block the executions , arguing the state 's rush to the death chamber was unconstitutional and reckless . The U.S. judge has yet to issue a ruling on the broader case .
The state Supreme Court offered no comment in staying Ward 's execution . Their lawyers had argued they were schizophrenic and the court should take that into consideration before any final decision on their execution .
`` He deserves a day in court for that , but in Arkansas the rules do not permit that , '' Scott Braden , a lawyer with the Arkansas Federal Defender Office , said after the stay was granted .
The attorney general was evaluating how to proceed in Ward 's case , a spokesperson said in a statement .
Arkansas uses potassium chloride in combination with vecuronium bromide and midazolam . The latter drug is intended to render the inmate unconscious before the other two chemicals are administered to paralyze the lungs and stop the heart . Governor Asa Hutchinson has said the state must act quickly because the efficacy date for midazolam expires at the end of the month .
But Judge Wendell Griffen , an outspoken opponent of capital punishment , issued an order blocking the state from using a second drug , vecuronium bromide , after a petition from its maker , McKesson Medical-Surgical Inc .
The company said the Arkansas prison system failed to return a supply of the drug when it learned the state intended to use it for executions , a violation of an understanding between the two , according to McKesson . “ As a public opponent of capital punishment , Judge Griffen should have recused themselves from this case , '' said Judd Deere , spokesperson for the attorney general .
Two other drugmakers on Thursday asked a federal court to block Arkansas from using their drugs for upcoming executions , claiming that doing so would violate contractual controls and create a public health risk , court documents showed .
The companies did not disclose which of their drugs Arkansas will use during the executions . ( Additional reporting by Brendan O'Brien in Milwaukee and Jon Herskovitz in Austin , Texas ; Writing by Frank McGurty ; Editing by Cynthia Osterman and Bill Trott )
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A music festival which was cancelled on its second day caused `` serious risks to public safety '' , a report has found .
The Hope and Glory Festival was due to be held in Liverpool over the weekend of August 5 and 6 but performances on the Sunday were cancelled after festival-goers complained of large queues on Saturday and singer Charlotte Church was pulled from the line-up following a two-hour delay .
An independent report commissioned by Mayor of Liverpool Joe Anderson , found a catalogue of failures , including a lack of signage and no emergency evacuation plan .
The report , carried out by The Event Safety Shop , said : `` On the basis of the information provided , our opinion is that the event was poorly planned and suffered from failures of management and operational control .
`` Serious risks to public safety resulted . Whilst cancellation of the Sunday event was no doubt a disappointment to many , it was an appropriate course of action . ''
The report found the failings were down to the event organisers but opportunities were missed by Liverpool City Council 's safety advisory group and a joint agency group to identify shortcomings in advance .
Mr Anderson said : `` As a result of this report , we will work with our partners to put in place enhanced planning procedures for events which will find the right balance between scrutinising documents and not making the process too bureaucratic for organisers . ''
They said the company behind the festival , Hope and Glory Festivals , had gone into liquidation but they planned to speak to the liquidators about the `` moral obligation '' to reimburse ticketholders .
Acts including Lightning Seeds , Hacienda Classical and Reverend And The Makers were due to perform at the event in Liverpool city centre on Sunday August 6 .
Merseyside Police was called to assist flight attendants at the event on August 5 after large queues formed outside .
Tim Booth , lead singer of band James , tweeted after the group 's performance on the Saturday night : `` Well that was f * * * ed up . Sorry everyone was messed around so badly .
`` Hope you managed to find some pleasure amongst the chaos . ''
( Image : BBC Radio Leeds )
Staffordshire man Lee O'Hanlon was named as the organiser behind the farce .
Their company TinyCow has been involved in a number of other controversial events in recent years .
Recently the firm were locked in a row with the Isle of Man government over a loss-making The Jacksons concert in 2014 and a Tom Jones gig last year .
Mr O'Hanlon was also in a public spat with the Garrick Theatre in their hometown over another Tom Jones concert , claiming they were “ very disappointed ” in its ticketing service last year . The theatre today declined to comment further .
Mr O'Hanlon said yesterday that they were not involved in organising the event or in its cancellation . They also said Hope and Glory was not a TinyCOW event but was organised by a separate company , Hope and Glory Festivals Ltd .
That company 's directors are listed as Iain Kerr , of Lichfield , and Samantha O'Hanlon .
Kinder Morgan Canada invites aboriginal investment as pipeline faces block
CALGARY , Alberta , June 14 Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd welcomes investment from the country 's aboriginals so that they have a stake in its Trans Mountain pipeline expansion , its head said on Wednesday , as the company braces for major obstacles for the project .
CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004 , after Moody 's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG , June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds , in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody 's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May .
March 31 Kourakuen Holdings Corp :
* Says it signs syndicated loan contract ( tranche A and tranche B ) for totaling 4.3 billion yen , on March 31
* Says the valid period for tranche A is from July 3 , 2017 to March 31 , 2020 ; for tranche B is from Sept. 15 , 2017 to Sept. 30 , 2022
Source text in Japanese : goo.gl/NqxnNV
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
NEW YORK , March 30 Investors poured $ 5.6 billion into U.S.-based taxable-bond funds during the latest week , data from Lipper showed on Thursday .
Stock funds in the United States attracted $ 1.8 billion over the same week , which ended March 29 , the data showed .
( Reporting by Trevor Hunnicutt )
PRAGUE , April 12 Here are news stories , press reports and events to watch which may affect Czech financial markets on Wednesday . ALL TIMES GMT ( Czech Republic : GMT + 2 hours ) =========================ECONOMIC DATA========================== Real-time economic data releases .................... Summary of economic data and forecasts ........... Recently released economic data .................. Previous stories on Czech data ............. * * For a schedule of corporate and economic events : here # /2E/events-overview =========================NEWS=================================== RESERVES : The Czech central bank will consider diversifying part of its foreign currency reserves , boosted by market interventions in the past months , into longer-term and higher-yielding investments , Governor Jiri Rusnok said . Story : Related stories : CEE MARKETS : Central Europe 's main currencies eased on Tuesday as investors shunned risky assets due to rising geopolitical risks and after lower-than-expected inflation figures from the region . Story : Related stories : =======================PRESS DIGEST============================ OKD : OKD miner will close its shafts in Darkov and Lazy in 2018 and it will let go up to 2,000 workers , the company said in its restructuralisation plan . Pravo , page 15 RATES : Most analysts expect the Czech central bank to raise interest rates only next year , especially if the crown will appreciate as expected . Lidove Noviny , page 15 ( Reuters has not verified the stories , nor does it vouch for their accuracy . ) For real-time stock market index quotes click in brackets : Warsaw WIG20 Budapest BUX Prague PX For updates on CEE currencies TOP NEWS -- Emerging markets Prague Newsroom : +420 224 190 477 E-mail : prague.newsroom @ thomsonreuters.com ( Reporting by Prague Newsroom )
Rugby-Smith to captain Barrett trio against Samoa
AUCKLAND , June 15 The Barrett brothers are set to become the first trio of siblings to play in the same test for New Zealand after being named in the All Blacks squad to play Samoa at Eden Park on Friday .
Borussia Dortmund 1-0 Hannover 96
( Batshuayi 24 ' )
Michy Batshuayi 's sixth goal in their seventh Bundesliga game was enough for Borussia Dortmund to get a win that keeps them within one point of second-placed Schalke . Hannover fell to their fouth consecutive loss .
In a tight and tense affair that Dortmund should have decided earlier , Hannover will have felt two points were dropped .
After Batshuayi hit the post inside the opening minute , the striker on loan from Chelsea scored a special goal at the near post from an Andre Schürrle corner . Beating the Hannover defense , Batshuayi flicked the ball into the net with the outside of their boot to the delight of the home crowd .
Roman Bürki made a handful of decent saves to keep Hannover 's attempts at bay , and after the impressive Mahmoud Dahoud fired wide , Batshuayi missed the chance to add a second . Hannover had a goal disallowed for offside , Maximilian Philipp hit the post and the game was over .
As it happened :
Despite Tschauner coming up for a couple of late Hannover free-kicks Andre Breitenreiter 's team ca n't find a late equalizer - which probably would n't have been undeserved on the balance of play . But as it is , the team from Lower Saxony have now lost four games in a row and drop to 13th ... only seven points clear of the relegation zone .
90 ' Götze cuts back and Tschauner spills it ! Batshuayi is quickly on the scene but the Hannover keeper does well to recover and block the shot . Dortmund have had a couple of huge chances to make it two or three in the last few minutes but it looks like they 'll settle for a 1-0 ...
89 ' POST ! Batshuayi brings down a long ball and plays in the overlapping Maximilian Philipp whose shot across goal comes back off the post !
85 ' Dortmund relieve the pressure somewhat as Batshuayi heads Schürrle 's cross straight at Tschauner .
81 ' Disallowed goal for Hannover ! The resulting free-kick is cleared and the follow-up finds Jonathas who nods down to Korb but their finish is cancelled out because Jonathan was offside . Correct decision - but the longer Dortmund fail to build on their lead , the more they are vulnerable at the other end .
Hannover striker Jonathan challenges BVB 's Akanji for the ball
79 ' Akanji prevents a Hannover breakaway with a late challenge on Sarenren Bazee - yellow card .
79 ' Second change for Hannover . Breitenreiter brings on Fossum for Sorg .
77 ' Good combination play from Götze and Weigl on the right wing but the latter 's cross finds nobody in the middle !
76 ' Dahoud sends another long-range shot at goal but this one flies well over . But once again , the former Gladbach man has been one of Dortmund 's most creative players .
74 ' The new man Sarenren Bazee is involved straight away as Klaus finds them in space in the Dortmund box , but they ca n't bring the ball under control .
72 ' First change for Hannover as Sarenren Bazee replaces Füllkrug .
70 ' Close for Dortmund ! Götze controls the ball in the box , Batshuayi takes over and lays off to Dahoud who shoots just wide from the edge of the box . Tschauner would n't have got to that !
67 ' Schürrle and Batshuayi attempt a one-two but the Belgian 's back-heel ends up slightly behind Schürrle who ends up fouling their marker and Hannover are awarded a free-kick . That was the first time BVB had got out of their own half in a while ...
Matthias Ostrzolek has been well involved for Hannover
65 ' Another Ostrzolek cross finds Bakalorz in space near the penalty spot but the midfielder directs their volley straight at Bürki . It was a difficult one to control .
64 ' After a series of Ostrzolek crosses are cleared , Korb shoots over for Hannover . The visitors are quicker to the second balls at the moment . Julian Weigl has replaced Gonzalo Castro as Peter Stöger makes their second change of the game .
59 ' Klaus accelerates into the Dortmund box leaving two defenders in their wake , but their cut-back is cleared for a Hannover corner . The guests sense an opportunity here , especially while it remains only 1-0 ...
56 ' An almost identical situation for Hannover as Jonathas heads Krob 's cross wide - but the Brazilian was just offside .
55 ' Christian Pulisic crosses from the right wing and Batshuayi glances their header wide .
49 ' Positive start to the second half from Dortmund . Dahoud 's shot is deflected wide for a corner - although it looked like it came off a BVB player ... either way , Schürrle 's corner is poor .
46 ' SECOND HALF
We 're back underway in the second half . Omer Toprak ca n't continue for Dortmund after all and is replaced by Sokratis . Hannover remains unchanged .
HALF-TIME !
Borussia Dortmund 1-0 Hannover 96
Michy Batshuayi beats Matthias Ostrzolek to the ball . Dortmund lead at the break thanks to their clever front-post flick .
43 ' Omer Toprak has pulled up with an injury after playing an innocuous-looking pass . He 's treated on the sidelines and is fit to continue .
40 ' What a save from Roman Bürki ! After Füllkrug 's driving run through the middle , Ostrzolek crosses to Schwegler but Bürki saves their well-struck volely with their legs . The Swiss stopper kept BVB in the game in Salzburg in the week and has continued their good form here .
35 ' - Should be two ! Great work by Schürrle , Castro 's shot comes to Batshuayi who diverts it goalwards but it 's easy for Tschauner . The rebound comes back to the Belgian but their header is tame . Fancied him , of all people , to score there .
30 ' - Schürrle nearly gets to a long ball to add a second , but it 's just beyond him . Dortmund in control . Can they kill off the contest now though ? Another question that has haunted them this campaign .
24 ' - GOAL ! 1-0 Borussia Dortmund ( Batshuayi ) What a finish from the Belgian . They attack the next corner at the near post and guides it home with the outside of their boot . Wow . Amazing technique . Deserved goal for the hosts .
23 ' - Pulisic flicks the ball through a Hannover defender 's legs , a cross is whipped in to the back post and Hannover clear for a corner . Schürrle nearly scores directly from it too ! Blimey . Tschauner claws it out .
19 ' - It feels like Dortmund are winning , but how many times have we said that this season ? Things have settled down a bit since that early excitement . Both sides wrestling to get control . At least the sun is still shining eh ?
14 ' - Good game this one . Götze playing well , and nearly creates another Dortmund chance . Hannover then flirt with the edge of the box at the other end . You might say it 's end-to-end .
10 ' - Schürrle 's turn to fire over in the box . Then Jonathas heads wide at the other end as Hannover try to make the most of a counterattack . Think that will be their plan in this one .
7 ' - Hannover are under pressure here . Mario Götze dances in the box , sets up Gonzalo Castro for the drive . Deflected out for a corner . Dealt with .
1 ' - Dortmund mean business . A neat ball from Andre Schürrle slips in Michy Batshuayi , who curls a low shot first time around the keeper but it hits the post and is cleared . So nearly a goal after just 43 seconds - what a start that would have been !
1 ' - We are underway in the Dortmund sunshine .
-- Lots of talk pre game about Peter Stöger 's future . BVB 's sporting director Michael Zorc says the club do n't have to be unsettled by what has happened of late . The key is to finish the season successfully . A very important summer for the club lies ahead .
-- Quite the week for Borussia Dortmund . Knocked out of Europe , pressure to perform and now a Sunday game at 13:30 CET . Perhaps concerningly , Marco Reus misses out due to muscle problems . Mario Götze stays in the team . Hannover opts for two strikers , in perhaps a bold move away at Dortmund . Kick off is fast approaching .
BVB XI : Bürki - Schmelzer , Akanji , Toprak , Piszczek - Dahoud , Castro - Schürrle , Götze , Pulisic - Batshuayi
Hannover 96 : Tschauner - Ostrzolek , Sane , Anton , Korb - Bakalorz , Schwegler - Klaus , Sorg - Füllkrug , Jonathas
( Adds comments from Lazar , Oettinger , background )
BUDAPEST , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Eight Eastern European EU countries agreed on Friday to support an increase in payments by member states in the bloc 's next long-term budget , to help fill the hole after net contributor Britain leaves .
Ministers and other representatives of Hungary , Poland , the Czech Republic , Slovakia , Slovenia , Croatia , Bulgaria and Romania met in Budapest with the EU 's Budget Commissioner Guenther Oettinger to discuss issues including the bloc 's next budget plan .
The largest source of revenue in the EU 's budget is a uniform percentage levied on the gross national income ( GNI ) of each member country .
The ex-Communist countries of the east are mostly net recipients of EU funds , and worried that a shortfall in the bloc 's budget would leave them with less cash .
Oettinger said last month that the next EU budget should increase from around 1 percent of EU output to slightly more than 1.1 percent , to make up for funds the bloc will no longer receive from Britain .
Britain 's exit in March next year will deprive Brussels of some 12 billion euros from an annual budget now running around 140 billion euros .
That hole has already prompted a round of sparring between other net contributors in the West , which do not want to make up the shortfall , and the ex-communist Eastern states , which say they should not suffer from cuts in EU subsidies .
“ The eight countries agreed with the increasing of the GNI-proportionate payment , which is a major success of the day , ” Orban 's chief of staff Janos Lazar told a news conference .
“ The eight countries opened the opportunity that the payment should increase even up to 1.1 percent ( of gross national income ) . ”
“ We are encouraging the Commission to have a very ambitious budget because we need new fresh money for new tasks , ” they added .
Oettinger reiterated that once Britain leaves the EU certain budgetary cuts will be necessary .
“ I am extremely grateful for the eight member states that they were willing to contribute a bit more , ” they told the same press conference .
Lazar said the eastern members expected the EU to reduce bureaucracy and make the budget process simpler , faster and cheaper .
“ Cohesion is badly needed . It was successful but it is not over as yet , ” Lazar said . ( Reporting by Krisztina Than )
AUSTIN , Texas ( AP ) — William Grote says the latest attack by a suspected serial bomber that has terrorized Austin for weeks left what appeared to be nails embedded in their grandson 's knees .
Police and federal agents said that the blast Sunday night triggered along a street by a nearly invisible tripwire suggests a `` higher level of sophistication '' than they have seen before in three early package bombs left on doorsteps , and means the carnage is now random , rather than targeted at someone in particular .
Two people are dead and four injured , and authorities do n't appear closer to making any arrests in the four bombings that have rocked the capital city .
Authorities have n't identified the latest victims , but Grote told The Associated Press that their grandson was one of the two men wounded in southwest Austin 's quiet Travis Country neighborhood . They suffered what police said were significant injuries and remained hospitalized in stable condition .
Advertisement
Grote said their grandson is cognizant but still in a lot of pain . They said the night of the bombing , one of the victims was riding a bike in the street and the other was on a sidewalk when they crossed a trapwire that they said knocked `` them both off their feet . ''
`` It was so dark they could n't tell and they tripped , '' they said . `` They did n't see it . It was a wire . And it blew up . ''
Grote said their son , who lives about 100 yards ( 91 meters ) away from the blast , heard the explosion and raced outside . `` Both of them were kind of bleeding profusely , '' Grote said .
That was a departure from the three earlier bombings , which involved parcels left on doorsteps that detonated when moved or opened .
The tripwire twist heightened the fear around Austin , a town famous for its cool , hipster attitude .
`` It 's creepy , '' said Erin Mays , 33 . `` I 'm not a scared person , but this feels very next-door-neighbor kind of stuff . ''
Authorities repeated prior warnings about not touching unexpected packages and also issued new ones to be wary of any stray object left in public , especially one with wires protruding .
`` We 're very concerned that with tripwires , a child could be walking down a sidewalk and hit something , '' Christopher Combs , FBI agent in charge of the bureau 's San Antonio division , said in an interview .
Police originally pointed to possible hate crimes , but the victims have now been black , Hispanic and white and from different parts of the increasingly diverse city . Domestic terrorism is among the variety of possible motives investigators are looking at .
Local and state police and hundreds of federal agents are investigating , and the reward for information leading to an arrest has climbed to $ 115,000 .
`` We are clearly dealing with what we believe to be a serial bomber at this point , '' Austin police Chief Brian Manley said , citing similarities among the four bombs . They would not elaborate , though , saying they did n't want to undermine the investigation .
While the first three bombings all occurred east of Interstate 35 , a section of town that tends to be more heavily minority and less affluent , Sunday 's was west of the highway . The differences in where the blasts have occurred , the lack of a motive and other unknowns make it harder to draw conclusions about a possible pattern , further unnerving a city on edge .
Thad Holt , 76 , said they are now watching their steps as they make their way through a section of town near the latest attack . `` I think everybody can now say , 'Oh , that 's like my neighborhood , ' '' they said .
Fred Milanowski , agent in charge of the Houston division of the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , said the latest bomb was anchored to a metal yard sign near the head of a hiking trail .
`` It was a thin wire or filament , kind of like fishing line , '' they said . `` It would have been very difficult for someone to see . ''
Milanowski said authorities have checked more than 500 leads . Police asked anyone with surveillance cameras at their homes to come forward with the footage on the chance it captured suspicious vehicles or people .
Noel Holmes , whose house is about a mile away , was stunned by how loud Sunday 's explosion was .
`` It sounded like a very nearby cannon , '' Holmes said . `` We went out and heard all the sirens , but it was eerie . You did n't feel like you should be outside at all . ''
Spring break ended Monday for the University of Texas and many area school districts . University police warned returning students to be alert and to tell their classmates about the danger , saying , `` We must look out for one another . '' None of the four attacks happened close to the campus near the heart of Austin .
The PGA 's Dell Technologies Match Play tournament is scheduled to begin in Austin on Wednesday , and dozens of the world 's top golfers were to begin arriving .
`` I 'm pretty sure the tour has enough security to keep things safe in here . But this is scary what 's happening , '' said golfer Jhonattan Vegas , already in town .
Andrew Zimmerman , a 44-year-old coffee shop worker , said the use of a tripwire adds a new level of suspected professionalism and makes it harder to guard against such attacks .
`` This makes me sick , '' they said .
___
Associated Press writer Jim Vertuno contributed to this report .
UPDATE 1-Qatar signs $ 12 bln deal to buy F-15 jets from U.S .
June 14 Qatar 's Ministry of Defense said on Wednesday the country signed a deal to buy F-15 fighter jets from the United States for $ 12 billion .
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco , turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday , killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in , authorities and company officials said .
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead , including gunman , in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday , killing three people before fatally shooting themselves as officers closed in .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Dive Brief :
According to some estimates , there are over 500,000 IT jobs left vacant each year ; an recent IBM survey showed 57 % of tech and academic stakeholders agree business and university partnerships are critical to giving students the workforce skills they need .
Existing examples of this collaboration include an Arizona State University program that partners with a Silicon Valley institution , Draper University , to help students design startups . And , Georgia Institute of Technology has also created labs where students can develop products , but also learn how to pitch them in the business world , reports EdTech Magazine .
Magazine . Partnerships can also take form in the development of a career pipeline through the K-12 level as well , with states such as Rhode Island investing in programs like Pathways in Technology Early College High School Initiative ( P-TECH ) , where community colleges work with high schoolers to build workforce and entrepreneurial skills in students before they get to college .
Dive Insight :
Preparing students for the workforce , particularly in highly technical jobs , requires more than just STEM classes and training — it also requires significant focus on transferable skills , like communication and collaboration , and focus on the entrepreneurial spirit to make students ' tech knowledge more valuable in the workplace . This development can happen through every stage of the educational pipeline , with high school students participating in programs like apprenticeships , where they can actually go into the workforce and put their skills to practice .
And obviously at the higher education level , these initiatives are absolutely critical for students to get a better idea of what they need to succeed after they graduate from college . With the generous number of tech jobs going unfilled each year , higher ed and industry partnerships are an effective way to deliver the necessary content knowledge and practical business training to students , so they are fully prepared for working life .
Barcelona have condemned FIFA 's decision to impose a four-match international ban on striker Lionel Messi for verbally abusing a match official in Argentina 's World Cup qualifier against Chile last week .
Messi was dealt the suspension and a fine of 10,000 Swiss francs ( 8,104 pounds ) by FIFA 's disciplinary panel and is due to miss three more of Argentina 's remaining four World Cup qualifiers after sitting out Tuesday 's 2-0 loss to Bolivia .
`` FC Barcelona expresses its surprise and indignation at the decision by the FIFA Disciplinary Committee to suspend Leo Messi following the FIFA World Cup qualifying fixture between Argentina and Chile , '' the club said .
`` The club considers the four-match suspension imposed on the Argentine player to be unfair and totally disproportionate .
`` Finally , FC Barcelona wishes to reiterate its support for Leo Messi , an exemplary player in terms of conduct , both on and off the pitch . ''
The 29-year-old Messi will also miss Argentina 's games away to Uruguay and home to Venezuela and Peru . The five-times world player of the year will be eligible again when the country 's last World Cup qualifier against Ecuador on Oct. 10 .
Argentina is fifth in their World Cup qualifying group , a point behind the automatic qualification spots .
The top four qualify directly for the World Cup in Russia next year and the fifth-placed side go into a playoff against a team from Oceania for another place in the global showpiece event .
( Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru Editing by Jeremy Gaunt )
April 6 Majuperak Holdings Bhd :
* Unit entered into a sale and purchase agreement with Wawasan Amanjaya Sdn . Bhd
* Deal for total cash consideration of 17.7 million RGT
* The net proceeds arising from the disposal are expected to be utilized for the working capital of MHB and its group of companies
* Deal for the disposal off part of the land ( plot 1 and plot 5 ) , Mukim Tanjong Tualang , Daerah Kinta , Perak
* The proposed disposal will contribute positively on earnings per share of MHB for the financial year ending 31 December 2017 Source text : ( bit.ly/2oEGvBW ) Further company coverage :
March 30 GEM Services Inc :
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T $ 3.8 per share to shareholders for 2016
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/Qpngt3
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
U.S. software company Cloudera Inc ( CLDR.N ) raised $ 225 million in an initial public offering on Thursday , a source familiar with the situation said , giving the company a market valuation of about $ 1.9 billion , a steep fall from the $ 4.1 billion it was once valued at in the private market .
Investors including chip company Intel Corp ( INTC.O ) piled into Cloudera several years ago when a flood of money into private technology companies pushed valuations skyward .
Cloudera said it priced its shares at $ 15 , above its indicated range of $ 12 to $ 14 , but still a far cry from the $ 30.92 a share that Intel paid in 2014 .
Cloudera will begin trading tomorrow on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol `` CLDR . ''
The source asked not to be named because the negotiations are confidential . Cloudera and Intel did not immediately respond to requests for comment .
Palo Alto , Califoria-based Cloudera , like rival HortonWorks Inc ( HDP.O ) , focuses on helping corporate customers manage data through `` Hadoop , '' an open-source software system that can sort and handle the increasingly massive amounts of data generated through the Internet and mobile devices .
Intel , which took a 18 percent stake in Cloudera in its initial $ 740 million investment and subsequently bought more shares , will hold a 19.4 percent stake in Cloudera after its IPO . Cloudera 's data business is meant to help Intel diversify away from its core business of making chips for data centers .
Since Intel 's investment , Cloudera has had to invest heavily in marketing to help grow its revenue and has had to discount its products due to increased competition .
In its fiscal year that ended January 31 , Cloudera had $ 261 million in revenue and spent $ 203 million on sales and marketing . It posted a loss of $ 187 million for the year .
Cloudera is not the first company in recent years to have gone public at a lower valuation than its private market level -- known in investment parlance as a down-round IPO .
Mobile payments company Square Inc ( SQ.N ) had a down round IPO in 2015 with a market capitalization of $ 2.9 billion , a steep discount from its private valuation of $ 6 billion . Its market capitalization now sits at $ 6.7 billion .
Still , a down round IPO can be a disappointment for employees with expectations of big payouts .
Morgan Stanley , J.P. Morgan and Allen & Company LLC are helping to lead the IPO .
( Reporting by Lauren Hirsch ; Editing by Richard Chang and Diane Craft )
March 28 Bain Capital Private Equity :
* Announces that it is not proceeding with the acquisition of Resilux
* Has been notified by German anti-trust authority , that intended combined acquisition of Resilux NV and Petainer Topco Limited has not received clearance in phase I
* Intended combined acquisition of Resilux NV and Petainer Topco Limited would need to proceed to a phase II review , which makes this transaction difficult to pursue Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
May 3 Concentric AB
* Q1 net sales : MSEK 546 ( 518 ) - up 4 % y-o-y , after adjusting for currency ( +1 % ) .
* Q1 operating income : MSEK 100 ( 85 ) , generating an operating margin of 18.3 % ( 16.5 ) .
* Says looking forward , orders received , and expected to be fulfilled during Q2 of 2017 , were slightly ahead of sales levels of Q1 of 2017
* Says we expect that positive demand trend for all European end-markets will continue
* Says market indices suggest that production volumes blended to Concentric 's end-markets and regions will be up 2 % year-on-year for 2017
* Says remains well positioned both financially and operationally , to fully leverage our market opportunities . Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Stockholm Newsroom )
March 31 Realcan Pharmaceutical Co. , Ltd. :
* Says the co proposed to pay a cash dividend of 0.91 yuan for every 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 13 new shares for every 10 shares , as the dividend payment plan for FY 2016
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/2Sm5Hk
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $ 5.8 bln
HONG KONG , June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $ 5.8 billion , to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio .
April 20 Cutera Inc
* Cutera - Co expects revenue will be about $ 29.0 million in the first quarter of 2017 - SEC Filing
* Cutera - Company to reaffirm that loss per share is expected to be on favorable side of the previously provided EPS guidance of $ 0.06 – $ 0.08 for Q1 2017 Source text : [ bit.ly/2opNcnu ] Further company coverage :
April 28 Prudential Bancorp Inc-
* Prudential Bancorp Inc announces second quarter fiscal 2017 results and the completion of the Polonia Bancorp Inc acquisition
* Q2 loss per share $ 0.27
* Prudential Bancorp Inc - for three months ended March 31 , 2017 , net interest income increased to $ 5.3 million compared to $ 3.5 million for same period in fiscal 2016 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
This week on High 5 4 Kids we bring you a set of twins who have made their mark on the Aiken County Community .
At first glance , you probably ca n't tell them apart . But after getting to know Q'May and Q'ladrin , their personalities are n't exactly matching .
`` She 's more creative than me . They were a part of the national arts society and the national French honors society , '' says Q'Ladrin .
`` She 's exciting , energetic , outgoing . I 'm more of an introvert , '' says Q'may .
The recent Aiken High grads are well known for their academic achievements graduating in the top 10 % of their class . But volunteering in their community is their way of giving back .
`` Being active in the community is our fun time . That 's something we really enjoy ; we do n't really see it as work we see it as something we enjoy doing which is our hobby , '' says Q'Ladrin .
Also thanks to Q'May 's photography skills , they 've put together special moments in their lives and made it into a collection .
`` Me and my mom made a whole scrapbook out of the years with us growing up and each milestone we 've made . So me and them actually have that together , '' says Q'May .
For these aspiring doctors , they know one day they 'll have to split apart .
Q'ladrin says it still would n't break up the bond they 've shared since birth . `` I feel like we have a really strong connection with each other to make it work . We 're still going to stay in contact with each other 24/7 where we 're still going to understand each other miles apart . ''
Both twins are set to attend USC Aiken in the fall and will major in Pre-Med .
Copyright 2017 WFXG . All rights reserved
( Updates to close )
April 3 Australian shares edged up on Monday , as losses in raw material stocks were offset by gains for financials and real estate firms .
The S & P/ASX 200 index rose 0.1 percent , or 7.8 points to 5,872.7 at the close of trade . The benchmark shed 0.5 percent on Friday .
`` Financials have had a good run , driving the market , '' said Chris Weston , an institutional dealer at IG Markets . `` Banks are focusing on their loan books and investor lending , and are looking at leverage in the property market . ''
Australian home prices hit record highs as building approvals jumped the most in seven months .
The Big Four banks all closed marginally higher , while real estate developer Scentre Group climbed 1.6 percent higher .
Materials fell as damaged rail lines in cyclone-hit north-east Australia disrupted exports of coal .
Miners BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto closed 0.2 percent and 0.7 percent lower , respectively .
New Zealand 's benchmark S & P/NZX 50 index climbed 0.4 percent or 28.24 points to finish the session at 7,225.02 .
At the opening , a technical glitch caused problems for some traders . Exchange spokesperson Hannah Lynch said `` connectivity issues '' had affected some clients .
The glitch was resolved and it did not affect all traders .
Healthcare and telecom stocks closed higher , with Fisher & Paykel Healthcare ending at a near six-month high , while Spark New Zealand added 3.1 percent . ( Reporting by Ambar Warrick in Bengaluru ; Additional reporting by Tom Westbrook ; Editing by Richard Borsuk )
April 20 S & P Global Ratings :
* S & P says Northeastern Illinois University debt rating lowered three notches to ' B ' on budget uncertainty ; On watch negative
* Lowered long-term rating and underlying rating 3 notches on Northeastern Illinois University board of trustees ' outstanding UFS , COPS bonds , issued for NEIU
* Also placed Northeastern Illinois University debt ratings on creditwatch with negative implications
* Northeastern Illinois University debt rating downgrade , creditwatch status reflect belief that state may fail to pass fiscal 2017 budget by end of May Source text ( bit.ly/2pk76V8 )
With another preseason game in the books for the Arizona Cardinals , it is time to take another shot at predicting the way the 53-man roster could look at the end of the month .
Based on game play and how the depth chart is shaping up , this new prediction has three draft picks not making the roster .
Quarterback
Carson Palmer , Drew Stanton , Blaine Gabbert
Nothing new or surprising here . These have been and will continue to be the quarterback room once the season begins .
Running Back
David Johnson , Chris Johnson , Kerwynn Williams , Andre Ellington
Elijhaa Penny almost sneaks onto the roster as a fifth back , but the roster spots are needed elsewhere . Kerwynn Williams ' ability to man the return game means only four backs are needed and the return of Ellington 's explosiveness makes them useful on the roster once more .
* STOXX 600 down 0.4 pct
* Set to end two weeks of gains
* Banks at five-week low , with Popular falling
* Sweden 's SCA rises on bid speculation ( ADVISORY- Follow European and UK stock markets in real time on the Reuters Live Markets blog on Eikon - see cpurl : //apps.cp./cms/ ? pageId=livemarkets )
By Helen Reid
LONDON , April 13 European shares fell on Thursday , leaving an index of the continent 's top companies set for a weekly loss , with banks leading the losses .
The pan-European STOXX 600 index was down 0.4 percent , setting it up for a loss of 0.3 percent over a holiday-shortened four-day week , which would end two weeks of gains .
The banking index was down 1.5 percent , at a five-week low , set for its fifth straight day of losses as investors globally fled risky assets .
Spain 's Banco Popular led losses , down 4.3 percent . French banks Société Générale , Credit Agricole and BNP Paribas were also among top fallers , down 1.8 to 2.7 percent .
German airline Lufthansa fell 3.8 percent after investor InfiniteMiles placed a 2.5 percent stake at 15.25 euros per share .
Shares in Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget rose to a record high , up 7.1 percent . A group of private equity companies bid around 200 billion Swedish crowns ( $ 22.3 billion ) for the hygiene arm of the tissue and forestry products company , a Swedish newspaper said , citing unnamed sources .
SCA said last year it would split its business into a hygiene segment and a forestry segment . SCA declined to comment on the speculation .
Gold climbed to a five-month high on geopolitical tensions and U.S. President Donald Trump 's comments on the dollar 's strength .
Gold miner Centamin was up 4.8 percent . Blue-chip peers Fresnillo and Randgold Resources also gained .
Mediclinic rose 3.6 percent , the top FTSE 100 gainer after a full-year trading update which showed 2017 revenue increased 3.5 percent .
British retailer ABF was up 3.4 percent . Jefferies raised the stock to `` buy '' from `` hold '' , citing continued strength in sugar and a turn in Primark margins .
Shares in Britain 's Royal Mail rose 1.8 percent after saying it would close its defined benefit pension scheme next year .
Czech bank Komercni Banka fell the most after going ex-dividend . Standard Life , Taylor Wimpey and Reckitt Benckiser and declined .
Danish , Icelandic and Norwegian exchanges were closed for the Maundy Thursday holiday , taking volume out of the European benchmarks . ( Reporting by Helen Reid ; Editing by Larry King )
March 27 Store Capital Corp :
* Store Capital announces pricing of upsized public offering of common stock
* Store Capital Corp - priced an underwritten public offering of 8.65 million shares of its common stock at a price to public of $ 23.10 per share
* Public offering upsized from previously announced offering of 7.6 million shares of common stock Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Bengaluru Newsroom )
By Leilani Haywood
Tribune Reporter
The Lee 's Summit Health Education Advisory Board ( HEAB ) has forwarded a proposed ordinance regulating marijuana for City Council consideration . The subcommittee on marijuana drafted the ordinance after Mayor Pro Tem Rob Binney assigned issue in November 2016 of responding to the possibility of legalization of marijuana by the State of Missouri . The Missouri Marijuana Legalization Initiative may appear on the November 6 , 2018 state ballot .
The initiative which requires 170,000 valid signatures , would remove marijuana from the list of state 's controlled substances , legalize marijuana for personal and medical use , allow for the sale of marijuana as well as immediately release all prisoners incarcerated for nonviolent marijuana-related crimes . Two versions of the initiative have been filed with the Missouri Secretary of State . Each initiative has an estimated savings of $ 11 million but law enforcement costs could increase .
The proposed ordinance addresses the fact that City Council passed a resolution on June 16 , 2016 in support of Lee 's Summit CARES mission of reducing marijuana-related problems . The City had also entered into cooperative agreements with the Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) and Jackson County COMBAT Drug Commission to address the use and abuse of controlled substances in the interests of public health and safety of the citizens of Lee 's Summit .
Dr. Stephen Salanski , chairperson of the HEAB said based on extensive research the committee conducted on states that have legalized marijuana such as Colorado , the data has shown an increase in traffic fatalities , emergency room visits and hospitalizations . “ In Colorado , the number of traffic fatalities more than doubled after the legalization of marijuana , ” they said .
Dr. Ed Kraemer is also a chairperson of the HEAB and they added that what drove the formation of the ordinance was the concern with marijuana use among youth . “ I want to make it clear that the ordinance does n't address possession of marijuana , ” they say . “ That falls under state and federal laws . We just wanted to make clear the level of commercial activity we would allow and how we would regulate the commercial aspect . ”
Lee 's Summit CARES was a key part of drafting the ordinance . “ Lee 's Summit CARES supports efforts to reduce youth access to alcohol , tobacco , marijuana and other drugs in our community , ” Rachel Segobia , director said in a statement . “ Research shows increased access to these substances increases youth use . We would support efforts to prohibit the commercial sale of marijuana as a strategy to prevent greater youth access to marijuana in our community . ”
The proposed ordinance also states , “ The legalization of marijuana poses a threat to public health and safety in our community , including impaired driving , traffic accidents , and accidental ingestion of marijuana products by children ; and , legalization and normalization of marijuana use for adults tends to result in increased marijuana use among young people as well ; and , young people who use marijuana regularly are particularly susceptible to its negative effects , including psychological and psychiatric effects , addiction , reduced motivation , and reduced school performance . ”
Several hemp shops are located in Lee 's Summit . Vince Sanders , owner of CBD American Shaman on Blue Parkway says the proposed ordinance would n't affect their business . “ Missouri has a law that CBD ( Cannabidiol ) ca n't be over five percent by weight . Our products are at 1 % or 1/30th . We 're fine under federal law and it should n't affect us. ” American Shaman categorizes itself as a health and beauty store with products containing industrial hemp .
Kansas City voters approved lowering penalties for possession of marijuana to $ 25 with no jail time in last April 's elections . The new law lowered the fine from $ 500 to $ 25 and eliminated jail time . Up to 180 days in jail was possible under the old ordinance . The new ordinance only applies when defendants possess 35 grams or fewer of marijuana – about 1 ¼ ounce – in Kansas City Municipal Court cases , according to The Kansas City Star .
The vote came on the heels of a massive campaign led by the Kansas City chapter of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws or NORMLKC . “ I 've collected thousands of signatures around the KC area including people in Lee 's Summit , ” says Jen Shockley , volunteer coordinator for Lee 's Summit NORMLKC . “ This ( proposed ordinance ) is definitely going against what the people of Lee 's Summit are saying . An extremely high percentage of them are signing the petition and it 's very unfortunate that city council would restrict any kind of cannabis especially medical cannabis . ”
NORMLKC is hosting a meeting on Sunday , February 4th at Captain 's Sports Bar & Grill in Lee 's Summit to gather signatures for their petition to put the Missouri Marijuana Legalization Initiative on the ballot .
Transparency Market Research ( TMR ) , a market intelligence and research firm , has recently published a market study on the global market for automotive airbags , estimating that the market to expand at a CAGR of 8.10 % during the period 2014 to 2020 and reach a market value of US $ 29.7 bn by the end of the forecast period .
The worldwide global automotive airbag market stood at US $ 17.2 bn in 2013 , states the research report , titled “ Automotive Airbag Market– Global Industry Analysis , Size , Growth and Forecast 2014 – 2020 ” . The rapid rise in the automotive industry , particularly increasing production of cars , has fueled this market significantly .
Apart from this , the rising awareness regarding safety while driving among consumers has also increased the growth quotient of this market in recent times , the report says . The durability of low-priced airbags is , however , a matter of concern owing to which consumers are showing less interest in them , impacting the global market negatively .
According to the research report , the global automotive airbag market is spread across North America , Asia Pacific , Europe , and the Rest of the World . Among these , the market in Asia Pacific has acquired the leading position.In 2013 , the market for automotive airbags in Asia Pacific had gained a market value of US $ 5.9 bn .
Get Brochure for Latest Advancements and Research Insights https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=4200
On account of the rising demand for automobiles , propelled by increased disposable income and improved standard of living in the region , the automotive airbags market is heading towards a thriving future in Asia Pacific . Analysts have predicted this regional market to register the highest as well as the fastest CAGR of 8.50 % over the forecast period .
Europe is the second largest regional market for automotive airbags . The market is likely to show a steady growth and retain its position since an increasing number of established automotive safety systems manufacturers , such as Autoliv , Delphi , Continental AG , and RobertBosch are domiciled in the region.North America is also expected to witness a stable demand for automotive airbags during the forecast period .
Get a Custom Report https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=CR & rep_id=4200
The U.S. has emerged as the largest automotive airbag market in North America owing to the putting the United States New Car Assessment Program ( US NCAP ) in practice , which assesses and rates cars prior to its launch in the U.S. market.Curtain airbags , knee airbags , front airbags , and side airbags are the major types of automotive airbags available in the global market . The market for front airbags occupies the dominant position in the overall market , states the market study .
The report also maps the competitive landscape of the worldwide automotive airbag market by analyzing the company profiles of the key participants and present the current market hierarchy as well . Autoliv Inc. , Takata Corp. , Delphi Automotive Plc. , Key Safety Systems , TRW Automotive Holdings Corp. , Hyundai Mobis Co. Ltd. , Toyoda Gosei Co. Ltd. , Denso Corp. , Continental AG , and RobertBosch GMBH are the major companies operating in the global automotive airbag market .
May 3 Fitbit Inc reported a 40.8 percent fall in quarterly revenue on Wednesday as the wearable device maker struggles with rising competition in a rapidly maturing market .
The company posted a loss of $ 60.1 million , or 27 cents per share , in the first quarter ended April 1 , compared with a profit of $ 11 million , or 5 cents per share , a year earlier .
Revenue fell to $ 298.9 million from $ 505.4 million . ( Reporting by Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru ; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila )
FILE PHOTO - A general view shows the atrium of the Mall of Berlin shopping centre during its opening night in Berlin , Germany , September 24 , 2014 . REUTERS/Thomas Peter/File Photo
BRUSSELS Euro zone inflation plunged this month , likely vindicating European Central Bank President Mario Draghi 's cautious policy stance and proving that the bloc may still be years away from a sustained rise in consumer prices .
Inflation in the 19-member currency union fell to 1.5 percent in March from a four-year high of 2.0 percent in February , well below expectations for 1.8 percent as energy , food and services prices rose slower than last month , Eurostat said .
Underlying inflation , a measure closely watched by the ECB , meanwhile fell to 0.7 percent from 0.9 percent , all but erasing pressure on Draghi to tighten the ECB 's money taps soon , many months before its currency guidance .
When overall inflation hit the ECB 's target last month , conservative countries like Germany piled pressure on Draghi , calling for an end to the bank 's 2.3 trillion euro asset buying scheme .
But the ECB repeatedly rejected those calls , arguing that inflation has already peaked this year and will not return back towards its 2 percent target perhaps until 2019 , as unemployment remains high , wage growth is anaemic and the economy is still operating with significant slack .
Policymakers have also warned that small changes in the bank 's message earlier this month may have been overinterpreted as they pointed to reduced risks and not to the first step to the exit .
`` Measures of underlying inflation in the euro area remain subdued and our projected path of inflation still remains highly conditional on our policy stance , '' ECB Executive Board member Benoit Coeure , a key Draghi ally , said on Friday .
`` This clearly suggests that current expectations on the intended horizon of our purchases ... and on the sequencing of policy instruments , remain valid today , '' Coeure said , referring to the bank 's expectation to keep rates at current or lower levels until well after the asset buys conclude .
But markets shrugged off the data with the euro and bonds yields trading broadly unchanged on Friday as investors have already priced in a cautious stance from the bank .
`` This fall was much steeper than most analysts had forecast and should dampen speculation about an imminent exit of the ECB from its ultra-expansionary monetary policy , '' Commerzbank economist Christoph Weil said .
`` We will only see a sustained increase in the inflation rate when wages rise more strongly again . However , we do not expect this to happen before 2018 , ” they added .
The ECB next meets on April 27 and no policy change is expected , especially with the French election just weeks away .
The ECB now expects to buy 60 billion euros worth of assets until the end of the year and will decide in the second half of the year whether to continue or wind down the scheme next year .
( Reporting by Francesco Guarascio , Francesco Canepa and Balazs Koranyi ; Editing by Philip Blenkinsop and Julia Glover )
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco 's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia 's ruling family and executives of the kingdom 's state oil company over where to list its shares , the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday .
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON , June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel , a Democrat , to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated them late on Tuesday .
FILE PHOTO - Worker Noa Utumaru checks the production line at the factory of the Australian company Impact International , which designs and manufactures food , cosmetic and pharmaceutical tubes for domestic and international clients , in western Sydney , Australia , February 6 , 2017 . REUTERS/David Gray/File Photo
FILE PHOTO - A worker checks the production line at the factory of the Australian company Impact International , which designs and manufactures food , cosmetic and pharmaceutical tubes for domestic and international clients , in western Sydney , Australia , February 6 , 2017 . REUTERS/David Gray/File Photo
Worker Noa Utumaru checks the production line at the factory of the Australian company Impact International , which designs and manufactures food , cosmetic and pharmaceutical tubes for domestic and international clients , located in western Sydney , Australia , February 6 , 2017 . REUTERS/David Gray
Aleks Lajovic . Sales & Marketing Manager at Impact International which designs and manufactures food , cosmetic and pharmaceutical tubes , uses a device to demonstrates the anti-counterfeiting technology located at the company 's factory located in western Sydney , Australia , February 6 , 2017 . REUTERS/David Gray
A worker checks the production line at the factory of the Australian company Impact International , which designs and manufactures food , cosmetic and pharmaceutical tubes for domestic and international clients , located in western Sydney , Australia , February 6 , 2017 . REUTERS/David Gray
Aleks Lajovic . Sales & Marketing Manager at Impact International which designs and manufactures food , cosmetic and pharmaceutical tubes , uses a device to demonstrates the anti-counterfeiting technology located at the company 's factory located in western Sydney , Australia , February 6 , 2017 . REUTERS/David Gray
WELLINGTON/SYDNEY As China 's middle class develops its taste for imported food and drink , fresh produce suppliers in New Zealand and Australia are topping up nature 's bounty with anti-counterfeiting technology in a bid to protect their growing business from fakes .
Suppliers of goods from fruit to wine and lamb are teaming up with makers of tracking systems , codes and powders to combat fakes that cost the global food business billions of dollars . As tech tools become cheaper , services like China 's popular WeChat smartphone app are also being deployed , offering consumers a free scanning ally to work out what 's on Chinese store shelves .
Smaller players like meat company Silver Fern Farms and Synlait Milk ( SML.NZ ) have tapped local tech firms like Dunedin 's Oritain , which measures food isotopes as a checkable 'fingerprint ' . But Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba ( BABA.N ) is also in on the act with a pilot Blockchain-based tracing system , signing up Kiwi dairy giant Fonterra ( FCG.NZ ) ( FSF.NZ ) and Australian vitamin supplier Blackmores ( BKL.AX ) as partners .
`` We see the Australian and New Zealand markets setting the tone for the rest of the world when it comes to integrity , safety and quality of food supply chains , '' said Maggie Zhou , Alibaba 's Australia and New Zealand managing director , in comments published to mark its project launch at a late March Canberra ceremony . `` It was a natural decision to pilot a programme here . ''
Dislodging counterfeit food , now a well established business of its own , presents no small challenge . Fraud costs the global food industry an estimated $ 40 billion a year , Alibaba said , citing research conducted by Michigan State University .
In China , $ 1 billion in counterfeited goods was seized in 2014 , according to the International Anti-Counterfeiting Coalition .
`` Categories that are faked so regularly are the ( fresh produce ) ones where New Zealand and Australia are strong , '' said Mark Tanner , director of Shanghai-based China Skinny , a firm that advises Western businesses operating in China .
But firms in Australia and New Zealand are prepared to go to increasing lengths to protect sales they rely on for growth .
New Zealand 's total exports to China have quadrupled to NZ $ 12 billion ( $ 8.62 billion ) since 2007 , most of them being food and beverage products . Australia agriculture exports to China were worth around A $ 10 billion ( $ 7.67 billion ) in 2016 , double the amount five years earlier .
QUICK RESPONSE
Widespread use of apps like WeChat , owned by Chinese internet giant Tencent Holdings ( 0700.HK ) , and developments in technology like machine learning have made it easier and cheaper for smaller tech firms to develop anti-counterfeiting technologies .
That lower cost base has brought what tracking systems that were previously solely in the realm of multinational giants like HP ( HPE.N ) and Walmart WMT.NZ within reach of the small to mid-level firms that are the backbone of the food and drink business in New Zealand and Australia .
Oritain charges customers NZ $ 300-700 per isotope test product , while for from around NZ $ 200 a month , Auckland-based Trust Codes supplies a machine-learning algorithm that can pull data from consumers ' phones in China when they scan a product 's encrypted Quick Response , or QR , packaging code .
At Auckland manuka honey firm Oceania Natural ( ONL.NZ ) , Chief Executive Walker Zhong said they used their knowledge of Chinese consumers ' shopping , social media habits and liking of convenience in building Oceania 's own scanning system at a cost of NZ $ 1 million .
Backed by a Chinese insurer , Oceania Natural 's tool revolves around WeChat - which Zhong knew Chinese consumers would already have on their smartphones - sending an alert if the scannable code on product has been used before , indicating in one step whether it 's genuine .
`` China consumers ... they do n't like to use two steps or three steps to verify your product is genuine , '' said Zhong .
Pitfalls remain . Packaging can be tampered with , or even faked , and that many exports like meat are still sent to China in bulk shipments without any packaging for consumers at all .
`` The only real way of knowing is testing the actual product , '' said Sam Lind , operations director at Oritain . `` We 're at the whim of counterfeit packaging just like anyone else . ''
( Reporting by Charlotte Greenfield in WELLINGTON and Aaron Bunch in SYDNEY ; Additional reporting by Tom Westbrook in SYDNEY ; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
By Rebecca Howard
Mobile app developer Pushpay Holdings has entered a funding agreement for a research and development grant from Callaghan Innovation .
The deal allows for the funding by Callaghan Innovation of up to $ 5 million ( GST exclusive ) per annum of eligible R & D spend by Pushpay over a 36-month period , provided the terms of Callaghan 's R & D Growth Grant have been met , Pushpay said in a statement to the New Zealand stock exchange .
`` The funding will provide additional resources to deliver scale and growth in the Pushpay platform through the development of new features , new markets , and scalable engineering processes and practices , '' Pushpay chief executive Chris Heaslip said .
Pushpay provides mobile commerce tools that facilitate fast , secure and easy non-point of sale payments . It services three target markets : the faith sector , non-profits and corporates .
In January the company said it 's moving up the value chain and is in talks with large US vendors about its expanded product offering , after confirming it 's on track to reach US $ 72m ( NZ $ 100m ) in annualised committed monthly revenue ( ACMR ) by the end of the year .
The shares were last up 2.6 per cent at $ 2 .
- BusinessDesk
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike , oil prices dip , NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday , mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months . A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S & P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data . Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent , hit by an unexpec
UPDATE 2-U.S. shipping terminal reopens after 'dirty bomb ' threat
June 15 A terminal at the Port of Charleston in South Carolina will reopen and the safety zone has been lifted , the U.S. Coast Guard said on Thursday , after investigating a threat of a `` dirty bomb '' on a container ship .
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach , says their cycle over
TIRANA , June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016 , their first and only appearance at a major tournament .
April 12 China Techfaith Wireless Communication Technology Ltd
* Techfaith reports its unaudited 2H and full year 2016 financial results , and the sale of certain Beijing real estate assets
* China Techfaith Wireless Communication Technology Ltd - entered into a share transfer agreement with Beijing Hongkungu Investment Company Limited
* China Techfaith Wireless Communication Technology Ltd - `` we expect macro environment to remain challenging in 2017 ''
* China Techfaith Wireless - Infoexcel to sell 100 % equity interest in Techfaith Intelligent Handset Technology ( Beijing ) Ltd for consideration of RMB1 billion
* China Techfaith Wireless - Techfaith Intelligent Handset Technology ( Beijing ) also acquired certain land use rights related to piece of land in Beijing Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
April 12 Wang On Group Ltd :
* Unit entered into loan agreement to grant loan facility to borrower of not exceeding a sum of hk $ 200.0 million
* Loan for a term of 36 months at an interest rate of 6.5 % per annum
Source text ( bit.ly/2oyR48C )
Further company coverage :
April 3 Western New England Bancorp Inc
* Western New England Bancorp - has named Guida Sajdak as executive vice president , chief financial officer and treasurer of WNEB and Westfield Bank
* Western New England Bancorp - Leo Sagan Will continue as CFO until April 24 , 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
This IT pilot fish works for a school system , which means some equipment is in decidedly non-IT-friendly locations .
`` For example , I was responsible for one school that had a server rack in an area that was set to become an office , '' says fish . `` I was n't thrilled about this , but it was what it was .
`` Our building crew asked me about enclosing the rack as they converted the space to an office . I said sure , as long as I can get to the rack and it stays cool .
`` Fast forward a few weeks : I happened to walk into the new office to set up the phone and found the rack was completely enclosed with two-by-four framing and drywall -- no doors , no access . I could n't plug in a port to a switch if I wanted to . And for me to punch down a new run ? Forget about it .
`` I called the head of property , and they let me know there was supposed to be a door to access it . The guy who built it never reviewed their plan with me , just put up walls .
`` He 's now going to meet with me and we 're going to have them put doors on it so I can get to the front and back of it .
`` Even though he 's not an IT guy , you 'd think that , when they were putting the walls up , he 'd have wondered how we were going to get to it ... ''
Get your story to Sharky the easy way : Send me your true tale of IT life at sharky @ computerworld.com . You 'll snag a snazzy Shark shirt if I use it . Comment on today 's tale at Sharky 's Google+ community , and read thousands of great old tales in the Sharkives .
Get your daily dose of out-takes from the IT Theater of the Absurd delivered directly to your Inbox . Subscribe now to the Daily Shark Newsletter .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Air Transport Services Group Inc :
* ATI REACHES TENTATIVE AGREEMENT WITH PILOTS ' UNION
* AIR TRANSPORT SERVICES GROUP - UNIT AIR TRANSPORT INTERNATIONALREACHED TENTATIVE AGREEMENT TO AMEND COLLECTIVE BARGAINING DEAL WITH ITS PILOTS GROUP
* AIR TRANSPORT SERVICES GROUP - ‍TERMS OF TENTATIVE AMENDED AGREEMENT WERE NOT DISCLOSED​
* AIR TRANSPORT SERVICES GROUP INC - TENTATIVE AMENDED AGREEMENT WOULD EXTEND FOR FOUR YEARS FROM DATE OF RATIFICATION BY ATI PILOTS Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Britain Football Soccer - Sunderland v Manchester United - Premier League - Stadium of Light - 9/4/17 Manchester United 's Luke Shaw is congratulated by manager Jose Mourinho as they are substituted Action Images via Reuters / Lee Smith Livepic
Manchester United youngsters must use manager Jose Mourinho 's criticism as motivation for development , defender Eric Bailly has said .
Mourinho has been in the spotlight recently for their public criticism of 21-year-old defender Luke Shaw but Bailly insists that the manager 's assessment would serve as valuable learning experience for themselves and their teammates .
`` Most of the players at Manchester United are young ... We are here to learn so it is important to listen to the coach 's advice and also the critics , '' Bailly told British media .
`` Every player should receive some criticism because we are not perfect . So we have to accept the criticism from the coach and we have to keep on working because the most important thing is to work and improve and gather experience . ''
Bailly is one of six United players aged 24 or younger that have 10 or more league appearances this season with several other youngsters in the squad yet to play .
United , who are fifth in the Premier League , host Chelsea on Sunday and last won a league game against the leaders in 2012 . The last three league meetings between the sides at Old Trafford have ended in draws .
However , United 's immediate attention will be on the first leg of their Europa League quarter-final against Belgian side Anderlecht on Thursday .
( Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru )
PARIS , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Power utilities EDF and Uniper have been notified of a strike in the French power sector which will impact their electricity production , grid operator RTE said on Friday .
CGT , one of France 's more hardline trade unions , has called for a nationwide strike in the electricity , gas and rail sectors on Feb. 8 to protest against government liberalisation policies in the public sector .
RTE said on its website that French state-controlled utility EDF had been notified that workers would stop work for 24 hours starting Wednesday Feb. 7 at 2000 GMT .
At Uniper 's production sites , workers plan to go on strike from midnight on Feb. 7 until March 31 , RTE said . ( Reporting by Bate Felix ; Editing by Matthias Blamont and Jane Merriman )
Rolls-Royce has reported a record annual loss of £4.6 billion ( NZ $ 8b ) after the engineering giant was hit by a combination of sterling weakening , huge fines for bribery charges , and tough conditions in some of its key markets .
The FTSE 100 giant has taken a £4.4 write-down on the value of $ 38b of investments intended to protect it against currency fluctuations , thanks to the plunge in the pound against the dollar since the vote for Brexit .
The £671 million of fines Rolls agreed to pay after admitting decades of corrupt practices also dragged down its performance .
Further issues included the previously signalled lower demand for its best-selling Trent 700 engine , charges for repairs to large engines such as those used on the 787 Dreamliner jet , and weakness in the corporate jet and marine markets .
On an underlying basis - which strips out one-off hits to performance - the performance was better with pre-tax profit on this measure of £813m .
The City had been forecasting underlying profits of £687m , half the previous year 's £1.4b .
Underlying revenue in the year to December 31 was £13.7b compared with expectations of £13.5b . The previous year it was £13.4b . On a statutory basis , revenue was £14.96b , compared with the previous year 's £17.73b .
Warren East , chief executive , described the year as `` an important one '' for the company during which they `` accelerated '' their plans to reshape Rolls with new products coming online and trim costs .
The better than expected performance was driven partly by the cost savings Mr East has introduced since they were installed as chief executive in the summer of 2015 . These have included slashing 700 top managers and East said that their shake-up was `` off to a good start , delivering savings of £60m in the first year , higher than £30m to £50m targeted '' .
Continued below .
Related Content Your views : Readers letters ' Editorial : Date set for tight election race Small Business : Helping you keep a record of your jewellery - GemLab
By 2017 the programme is set to deliver savings at the top end of the £150m to £200m that is being aimed for , with the goal or reaching margins similar to rivals such as GE and Pratt & Whitney .
The huge loss at the headline level caused by writing down the value of Rolls ' $ 38b of foreign exchange investments - known as a hedge book - was played down by East .
`` This has no impact on what is really going on inside the business , '' they said , pointing out that the £4.4b write-down was a non-cash - or paper - charge .
The fines Rolls paid to settle corruption charges following an international investigation led by the Serious Fraud Office and working with regulators in the US and Brazil drew a line under what has long been an issue for the company , the chief executive said .
`` We are continuing to work with the SFO on any enquiries they want to do , '' East said . `` But as far as the SFO goes , that is it , as far as the US Department of Justice goes , that is it . As far as the major jurisdictions are concerned , that is it . ''
However , they conceded that other countries could still pursue Rolls over corruption . Judgments released last month by UK , US and Brazilian regulators detailed cases of bribery and corruption in a dozen countries including China , India , Indonesia , Nigeria Russia and Thailand .
The final dividend - which has been halved over the past year to help get the company back on track - is now 7.1p a share , giving a full-year dividend of 11.7p , compared with 16.4p in 2015 .
East has said that they see free cash flow as a better indicator of how the company is performing than profit .
Free cash flow measures how much money the company generates after essential spending needed to sustain the business .
The chief executive had indicated that they expected free cash flow to be `` negligible '' this year , the rising to £500m next year and £1bn the year after . The figure was actually £100m .
Analysts had been expecting negative free cash flow of £147m , meaning the company was burning through money .
Rolls announced a change to its board alongside the results , with long-time director Colin Smith planning to step down following the annual meeting in May .
Smith joined Rolls as an undergraduate apprentice in 9174 and worked their way up the business to key jobs including director of research and technology .
`` Colin has devoted their entire career to Rolls and made a tremendous contribution , '' said East . `` He was instrumental in developing much of today 's portfolio of power systems and helping shape our technology plans for the future - their advice and insights will be greatly missed . ''
Finance director David Smith will step down at the end of March to go to a similar role at QinetiQ . They will be replaced by Stephen Daintith , who is joining from DMGT .
- Daily Telegraph UK
May 3 Pershing Square Holdings Ltd
* Pershing Square Holdings - purchased , through Jefferies International Limited , 10,000 PSH ordinary shares of no par value
* Pershing Square Holdings Ltd says net asset value per share related to share buyback is $ 18.48 which was calculated as of 30 April 2017
* Pershing Square Holdings Ltd says after giving effect to share buyback , PSH has 240,107,692 outstanding shares Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Bengaluru Newsroom )
* Feb retail sales fall 5.7 pct y/y in value , down for 24th month
* Feb jewellery sales rise 2.5 pct , vs revised 4.1 pct fall in Jan
HONG KONG , March 30 Hong Kong 's retail sales fell for the 24th straight month in February , hurt by a lack of growth in tourist spending as a strong local dollar hit tourism and business activity .
Retail sales fell 5.7 percent from a year earlier to HK $ 34.8 billion ( $ 4.48 billion ) in value terms , after a revised 1.0 percent decline in January , government data showed on Thursday .
In volume terms , February sales dropped 6.1 percent on-year , compared with a 1.4 percent decline in January .
`` Looking ahead , the performance of retail sales will depend on the recovery pace of inbound tourism as well as whether consumer sentiment will be affected by the various external uncertainties , '' the Hong Kong government said in a statement .
Once a favourite shopping destination for mainland Chinese , tourists are now heading to other places , including Japan and South Korea which offer more affordable options for travellers .
The Hong Kong dollar is pegged to the U.S. currency , which means it is prone to strengthen when other Asian currencies weaken .
Tourist arrivals in January rose 4.8 percent from a year earlier , slowing from a 5.4 percent rise in December .
Hong Kong 's central bank had earlier in March raised its benchmark interest rate by a quarter point for the second time in three months , following a similar move by the U.S. Federal Reserve .
The Hong Kong Retail Management Association has estimated a 3-4 percent drop in retail sales in 2017 , narrowing from an 8.1 percent drop in 2016 .
Sales of jewellery , watches , clocks and valuable gifts in Hong Kong rose 2.5 percent in value terms in February , against a revised 4.1 percent drop in January .
Jewellery retailer Chow Sang Sang said earlier this week that its 2016 profit fell 34 percent from a year ago as strong Hong Kong dollar and fewer mainland visitors hurt sales . ( $ 1 = 7.7702 Hong Kong dollars ) ( Reporting by Donny Kwok ; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier )
Canada 's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO , June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures .
April 3 Fiducian Group Ltd :
* Fiducian acquires further $ 37m in funds under advice Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
WELLINGTON , April 10 Sonny Bill Williams 's decision to cover up a sponsor 's logo on their Auckland Blues shirt at the weekend was questioned by New Zealand Prime Minister Bill English on Monday .
The All Blacks centre put tape over the 'Bank of New Zealand ' logos on the collar of their shirt when they made their return after seven months out injured in a Super Rugby match in Dunedin on Saturday .
The 31-year-old twice World Cup winner , who converted to Islam in 2008 , said on Twitter that they would `` clarify '' their decision later this week .
`` It is hard to understand that one guy has to behave differently than the rest , '' English told New Zealand radio 's AM Show on Monday .
`` I do n't understand all these professional contracts , but if you 're in the team , you 're in the team , you wear the team jersey but , you know , they 'll sort it out . ''
New Zealand Rugby said Williams had a `` conscientious objection '' in their central contract that means they are not asked to do sponsorship work with banks as well as finance , alcohol , tobacco and gambling companies .
The `` conscientious objection '' is available to all players , an NZR spokesperson said .
The Bank of New Zealand said it had `` no issue '' with the player 's action .
`` He 's entitled to have religious beliefs and customs around that , and it 's really between them and the Blues as to how that manifests itself , '' said a spokesperson .
The Blues said they were in the dark over the cover-up .
`` The Blues did not know why the jersey was altered and is involved in discussions with Sonny , their agent and their employers , NZR , this week , '' said a spokesperson .
Williams is one of their country 's highest-profile athletes , having represented New Zealand at both rugby league and union as well as being the nation 's former heavyweight boxing champion .
They ruptured their Achilles tendon while chasing Olympic gold with the New Zealand Sevens team at the Rio Games in August last year .
Williams came off the bench to make their Blues debut against the Otago Highlanders on Saturday , their first action in the 15-man game since the 2015 World Cup final , where they helped the All Blacks to victory over Australia . ( Reporting by Nick Mulvenney , editing by Peter Rutherford )
FILE PHOTO : Swift code bank logo is displayed on an iPhone 6s among Euro banknotes in this picture illustration January 26 , 2016 . REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/File Photo
LONDON Interbank messaging service SWIFT , which is used to transfer trillions of dollars between banks every day , will launch a new tool to spot fraudulent messages , seeking to restore trust in the system after millions of dollars were stolen in cyber raids .
Belgium-based SWIFT said on Wednesday that it will offer clients a service that will be able to learn a user bank 's messaging patterns so that it can spot if a payment is being made to an unusual counterparty or for an unusual amount .
Last year $ 81 million was stolen from Bangladesh 's central bank after thieves hacked into its SWIFT system and sent instructions to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to pay money from Bangladesh Bank 's account to parties in Asia .
SWIFT was criticised last year by some users and industry players for failing to beef up security on its system even as the risk of cyberattacks increased and the network expanded to include smaller institutions with more lax security procedures .
Though SWIFT launched a range of new security measures and services in September , the latest product -- due to be introduced early next year -- will `` red-flag '' , or put on hold , payment instructions that exceed limits set by clients or are deemed anomalous by the system 's learning software .
“ The new payment controls service is a direct response to our community 's request for additional services to complement and strengthen existing fraud controls , '' SWIFT Chairman Yawar Shah said .
Luc Meurant , SWIFT 's head of financial crime compliance services , told Reuters that the service would be targeted initially at institutions and central banks with small messaging volumes because they might not be able to afford to develop such detection tools themselves .
They said the service could cost small users as little as 10,000 euros a year , though prices have yet to be finalised .
( Editing by David Goodman )
HAVANA May 3 Russia has begun shipping large quantities of oil to Cuba for the first time this century , sources said , as supplies to the island from crisis-wracked Venezuela have dwindled .
A Russian oil tanker with 249,000 barrels of refined products is due to arrive in Cuba on May 10 , according to Reuters shipping sources and others , bringing back memories of when the Soviet Union supplied all of the Communist-run Caribbean island 's energy needs .
More tankers apparently will follow .
Rosneft , Russia 's state oil company , announced on Wednesday it had signed an agreement with Cuba 's state-run Cubametals to supply 250,000 tonnes of oil and diesel fuel , without providing further details .
The news is sure to raise eyebrows in Washington as its tense relations with Moscow continue , despite President Donald Trump 's campaign pledge to improve them .
The Russian company has already become a concern for the United States . Venezuelan state oil company PDVSA last year used 49.9 percent of its shares in its U.S. subsidiary , Citgo , as collateral for loan financing by Rosneft .
According to Jorge Pinon , an oil expert at the University of Texas at Austin , the Cuba deal is equivalent to around 1,865,000 barrels and valued at $ 105 million at current prices .
In comparison , Russia reported it shipped oil products to Cuba from 2010 through 2015 valued at $ 11.3 million .
Cuba consumes 22,000 barrels per day of diesel and 140,000 barrels per day of oil products .
`` It is very clear that Cuba is diversifying its long-term supply contracts in the event that its October 2000 subsidized oil agreement with Venezuela is terminated , '' Pinon said .
Cash-strapped Cuba struggled with long blackouts and fuel shortages after the fall the Soviet Union , but the rise of the late Venezuela leftist President Hugo Chavez quickly solved the crisis at the turn of the century .
Since then Cuba has relied on Venezuela , an OPEC member , for about 70 percent of its fuel needs , including oil for refining and re-exports .
But socialist Venezuela 's subsidized shipments have fallen by as much as 40 percent since 2014 . Potential new suppliers usually want cash because of Cuba 's poor credit rating .
Electricity and fuel rationing to state companies began a year ago , and more recently there have been gasoline shortages .
A change of government in Venezuela , which has been experiencing daily protests , would directly threaten the agreement . ( Additional reporting by Marianna Parraga ; Editing by Leslie Adler )
May 3 Stock futures pointed to a lower opening for Canada 's main stock index on Wednesday as investors digested quarterly results from a slew of major companies including Loblaw , CGI and Torstar .
June futures on the S & P TSX index were down 0.17 percent at 7:15 a.m . ET .
Canada 's main stock index rose on Tuesday , helped by gains for several companies whose results exceeded expectations , including e-commerce company Shopify , and by gains for pipeline companies .
Dow Jones Industrial Average e-mini futures were down 0.09 percent at 7:15 a.m . ET , while S & P 500 e-mini futures were down 0.16 percent and Nasdaq 100 e-mini futures were down 0.28 percent .
No major economic releases are scheduled in Canada .
( Morning News Call newsletter here ; The Day Ahead newsletter here )
TOP STORIES
Canadian grocery and pharmacy retailer Loblaw Cos Ltd reported a higher-than-expected quarterly profit as the company kept a tight lid on expenses and attracted more customers to its stores with discounts .
Toronto home prices and new listings surged in April from a year earlier while sales fell , the Toronto Real Estate Board said on Wednesday , suggesting the market may be starting to rebalance after new housing rules were put it place amid fears of a bubble in Canada 's largest city .
Canada 's biggest non-bank lender , Home Capital Group Inc , has delayed its first-quarter earnings to after close of market on May 11 , the company said in a statement on Tuesday .
ANALYST RESEARCH HIGHLIGHTS
Kinross Gold Corp : CIBC raises rating to `` outperform '' from `` neutral '' ; price target C $ 4.75
Source Energy Services : Morgan Stanley starts coverage with `` overweight '' rating
Westjet Airlines Ltd : CIBC cuts price target to C $ 24 from C $ 25
COMMODITIES AT 7:15 a.m . ET
Gold futures : $ 1252.2 ; -0.23 percent
US crude : $ 47.91 ; +0.52 percent
Brent crude : $ 50.77 ; +0.59 percent
LME 3-month copper : $ 5661.5 ; -2.42 percent
U.S. ECONOMIC DATA DUE ON WEDNESDAY
0815 ADP national employment for Apr : Expected 175,000 ; Prior 263,000
0945 Markit Composite Final PMI for Apr : Prior 52.7
0945 Markit Services PMI Final for Apr : Prior 52.5
1000 ISM N-Manufacturing PMI for Apr : Expected 55.8 ; Prior 55.2
1000 ISM N-Manufacturing Business Activity for Apr : Expected 58.4 ; Prior 58.9
1000 ISM N-Manufacturing Employment Index for Apr : Prior 51.6
1000 ISM N-Manufacturing New Orders Index for Apr : Prior 58.9
1000 ISM N-Manufacturing Price Paid Index for Apr : Prior 53.5
1400 Fed funds target rate : Expected 0.875 pct ; Prior 0.875 pct
FOR CANADIAN MARKETS NEWS , CLICK ON CODES :
TSX market report
Canadian dollar and bonds report
Reuters global stocks poll for Canada
Canadian markets directory ( $ 1= C $ 1.37 ) ( Reporting by Nikhil Kumar ; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty )
Ian Bailey has strongly criticised the Department of Justice for failing to pass on a request that would have allowed them to give their side of the story to French authorities investigating the death of Sophie Toscan du Plantier , in Co Cork , more than two decades ago .
The journalist learned last November from their Paris lawyer , Dominique Tricaud , that a French investigating magistrate , Patrick Gachon , had written to the department on February 28th , 2013 , requesting that it contact Mr Bailey about being interviewed by French police .
French law would have entitled Mr Bailey , as a suspect in the case , to be interviewed as a “ protected witness ” , allowing them to put their version of events around the murder of Ms Toscan du Plantier , in Schull , in December 1996 .
Mr Tricaud found the request in a French file as part of Mr Bailey 's appeal against being indicted over their death . When they asked Mr Bailey what had happened , the 61-year-old said the department had never contacted them about it .
‘ Flabbergasted '
Mr Bailey said they were flabbergasted to find that they could have been interviewed by French investigators in 2013 , as it might have removed the need for France to issue a second European arrest warrant for him , in August 2016 .
“ It 's shocking , to be honest with you . Clearly I would have consulted with my solicitor here , Frank Buttimer , so how it might have altered things is hypothetical , but the point is that I was never afforded a right , to which I was entitled , to give my side of the story , ” they said . “ Instead somebody in the Department of Justice made a decision not to pass on that request to me . I gather they wrote back to the French , refusing their request , so I never had any say in the matter . It really is a shocking breach of my constitutional rights . ”
Mr Buttimer said the department 's decision not to pass on the interview request was ironic given its willingness to act on every other request from France , including seeking the endorsement of two European arrest warrants for their client .
Contacted by The Irish Times , the Department of Justice said its policy is not to comment on individual cases .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Inspur Electronic Information Industry Co Ltd :
* Says its unit plans to use 10 million yuan to set up a wholly owned cloud computing institute in Henan
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/xJWs18
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Guam Governor Eddie Calvo speaks during an interview with Reuters . Governor Eddie Calvo describes their island to those who do n't know it as a `` mini Hawaii '' and puts the chances of a direct missile hit at a million-to-one because of the multi layers of Pacific defences , the last being those on Guam itself . Having experienced a Japanese invasion in World War Two and countless earthquakes and super-typhoons , there was no United States community better prepared than Guam `` for any contingency '' , Calvo , dressed in a light blue tropical shirt , said in an interview at their office . `` We are concerned about these threats but at the same time we also want to make sure people do n't panic and go on with their lives . Enjoy the beaches , '' they said . REUTERS/Erik De Castro
Close
BEIRUT ( Reuters ) - Seven volunteers with the Syrian civil defence rescue service were killed in a shooting by unidentified attackers in rebel-held Idlib province on Saturday , the civil defence said on its Twitter feed .
The attackers stole two vehicles and other equipment in the incident targeting a civil defence office in the town of Sarmin at dawn . Idlib province in northwestern Syria is controlled by Syrian rebels groups .
The civil defence , otherwise known as the `` White Helmets '' , operates in rebel-held areas of Syria .
May 3 Fraser & Neave Holdings Bhd :
* Qtrly net profit 107.1 million rgt
* Qtrly revenue 992.7 million rgt
* Year ago qtrly revenue 1.01 billion rgt , qtrly net profit 90.6 million rgt
* Declares an interim single tier dividend of 27 sens per share for the financial year ending 30 september 2017
* `` Malaysian business conditions continue to be challenging and consumer sentiment is expected to remain weak ''
* `` Input costs in subsequent quarters for F & B Thailand , F & B Malaysia are expected to increase following uptrends in packaging , milk powder , sugar prices '' Source text : [ bit.ly/2qxGTzF ] Further company coverage :
MOSCOW China 's Fosun International Ltd ( 0656.HK ) plans to sign an agreement to buy a stake in Russia 's largest gold producer Polyus ( PLZL.MM ) , Interfax news agency quoted Russian First Deputy Prime Minister Igor Shuvalov as saying on Wednesday .
They did not provide further details on the deal . Sources with knowledge of the matter told Reuters in November that Fosun was in exclusive talks to buy a large minority stake in Polyus .
Shuvalov also said that aluminum giant Rusal ( 0486.HK ) could soon announce the placement of the second tranche of its Chinese yuan-denominated bond , known as a Panda bond . Rusal placed its first tranche of the Panda bond in March .
( Reporting by Polina Devitt ; editing by Susan Fenton )
WASHINGTON , March 30 U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday they understood President Donald Trump 's frustration with Republicans ' failure to agree on healthcare legislation to replace Obamacare .
`` It 's very understandable that the president is frustrated that we have n't gotten to where we need to go , '' Ryan told reporters when asked about Trump 's tweet saying the conservative House Freedom Caucus was blocking the party 's agenda and vowing to fight them if they did not get on board .
Ryan said about 90 percent of Republicans supported the party 's healthcare bill and only about 10 percent opposed it . ( Reporting by Susan Cornwell and Doina Chiacu ; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama )
Los Angeles ( Reuters ) - The galaxy far , far away was brought to life in downtown Los Angeles on Saturday for the world premiere of “ Star Wars : The Last Jedi ” where the anticipated first screening was dedicated to the franchise 's late star , Carrie Fisher .
“ I want to dedicate tonight to Carrie , who is up there right now flipping me the bird , saying ‘ Damn it Rian , do n't you dare make this night a solemn tribute , ' ” the film 's writer-director Rian Johnson said as they introduced the screening .
“ So let 's all have a blast tonight for Carrie , ” they said .
The film ends with a dedication to Fisher , who plays Princess Leia . The actor died at age 60 last December after completing their work on “ The Last Jedi ” .
Them character , now known as General Leia Organa , leader of the Resistance , plays a key role in the film .
Walt Disney Co. 's DIS.N “ The Last Jedi ” , out in U.S. theaters on Dec. 15 , follows 2015 's “ Star Wars : The Force Awakens ” and picks up with the Resistance fighting off Supreme Leader Snoke 's First Order which is trying to take control of the galaxy .
World Premiere of “ Star Wars : The Last Jedi ” – Arrivals – Los Angeles , California , U.S. , 09/12/2017 – Actors Mark Hamill and Daisy Ridley . REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
Rey ( Daisy Ridley ) , meanwhile , tries to convince Luke Skywalker ( Mark Hamill ) to join the Resistance fight and bring a spark of hope to the rebels against Snoke 's tyrannical rule .
The film explores themes of the battle to find a balance in the Force , the supernatural energy that runs through the fictional “ Star Wars ” galaxy . Reviews of the film are embargoed until Dec. 12 .
Slideshow ( 19 Images )
The star-studded ensemble cast , including Ridley , John Boyega , Lupita Nyong ‘ o , Adam Driver , Andy Serkis and Hamill , walked the red carpet at the premiere , surrounded by droids and Stormtroopers .
Guests walked into the entrance of the premiere flanked by larger-than-life AT-AT Walker transport vehicles .
Johnson paid tribute to Fisher on the red carpet .
“ Once the audience sees their performance in this movie , she 's going to be there in all our hearts , ” they said . “ It 's bizarre not having them here tonight . They would be the life of the party . ”
Greek pensioners shout slogans during a demonstration against planned pension cuts in Athens , Greece April 4 , 2017 . The banner reads : 'Each 'review ' equals looting the people . Reinstate pensions , public healthcare . ' REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
ATHENS Thousands of elderly Greeks protested peacefully on Tuesday against more pension cuts , as cash-strapped Greece remained locked in talks with lenders on further austerity and unpopular labour reforms .
Pension cuts have been a regular feature of austerity drives to ensure that financial aid continues to the indebted country . Greece has needed three multi-billion bailouts since 2010 to stave off bankruptcy .
Greece is now negotiating new cuts to keep its latest 86 billion-euro ( $ 91.54 billion ) bailout . They would represent the 12th reduction in pensions in seven years , a controversial issue for Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras , whose Syriza party vowed to fight austerity when it was elected to office in 2015 .
`` Tsipras has betrayed us , '' said Stelios Vitzilaios as they marched with about another 4,000 pensioners through Athens with the aid of a walking stick . They started work at the age of 14 , and now takes a 550-euro pension a month , 100 euros less than pre-crisis levels .
Pensioners in the country are often the sole means of support in a household , where a quarter of the workforce is jobless .
Several said their pensions were financially supporting unemployed adult members of their family and that they scrimped on food .
`` We have cut everything . We only eat beans , '' said Triainos Softsis , 82 . Their 800-euro pension was cut to 650 euro during the crisis , and now , they say , they financially support two children and grandchildren .
Greece has agreed to cut pension spending after its current bailout expires in 2018 . It has sought to implement the cuts gradually , over two or three years . But Germany and the International Monetary Fund want them implemented in 2019 , sources said .
Greece 's finance and labour ministers were due to fly to Brussels on Tuesday for consultations with lenders , hoping to wrap up a long-delayed bailout review that will unlock more aid before repayments loom this summer .
One placard summed up the mood at Tuesday 's demonstration : `` Do n't slash pensions . Go slash your throats . ''
( Additional reporting By Michele Kambas , editing by Larry King )
April 6Huafon Microfibre Shanghai Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 60 percent to 90 percent , or to be 24.5 million yuan to 29 million yuan , compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 ( 15.3 million yuan )
* Says increased sales revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/R7peIu
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Dec 11 ( Reuters ) - Australian shares are expected to open higher on Monday , following Friday 's gains on Wall Street on better than expected jobs data , and supported by firm commodity prices . U.S. non-farm payrolls rose by 228,000 jobs last month amid broad gains in hiring as the distortions from the recent hurricanes faded , Labor Department data showed , topping expectations of a rise in jobs of 200,000 . Australian share price index futures rose 0.4 percent , or 23 points , to 6024 - a 29.6-point premium to the underlying S & P/ASX 200 index close . The benchmark ended up 0.3 percent on Friday and gained about 0.1 percent on the week . New Zealand 's S & P/NZX 50 index fell 0.2 percent to 8218.50 by 2107 GMT . ( Reporting by Rushil Dutta in Bengaluru ; Editing by Greg Mahlich )
FRANKFURT , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Deutsche Bank expects its costs to decline by only 4 percent to 23 billion euros ( $ 28.8 billion ) this year , shy of a previous target for 22 billion euros , mainly due to delays in planned divestitures .
“ Nine hundred million euros of costs are attached to businesses that we had earmarked for sale or divestiture ” , Chief Executive John Cryan told analysts on Friday .
“ Those businesses are not core to us and remain not core . There 's a reason why whatever action we were going to take is delayed , but we do expect the causes of those delays to go away , ” they added .
Deutsche Bank earlier on Friday posted its third consecutive annual loss in 2017 , taking a hit from challenging markets , a drop in investment bank revenue and a U.S. tax reform , after a difficult fourth quarter .
Cryan added that no large divestitures were planned beyond the flagged merger of its retail business with Postbank and the flotation of its asset manager DWS .
“ It 's a lot of tidying up , which we intend to do ” , they said .
In 2017 , Deutsche Bank among other sold its Polish retail business , while plans to pull out of Spain , Portugal and Belgium did not get off the ground . ( $ 1 = 0.7999 euros ) ( Reporting by Arno Schuetze ; Editing by Maria Sheahan )
SABETTA , Yamal , March 30 Yamal LNG , Russia 's second liquefied natural gas plant , is expected to be launched in early October , the chief executive of France 's Total , Patrick Pouyanne , told reporters on Thursday .
Total is a shareholder of Yamal LNG , which will produce a total of 16.5 million tonnes of LNG per year , split between three production trains with 5.5 million tonnes per year of capacity each .
Leonid Mikhelson , chief executive of Novatek , the leading shareholder in the project , said that this year the plant planned to sell LNG on the spot market , with supplies under long-term deals to be started in 2018 . ( Reporting by Olesya Astakhova ; Writing by Katya Golubkova ; Editing by Alexander Winning )
NEW ORLEANS Instacart has no plans to go public , its co-founder said on Wednesday , shutting down speculation that the 5-year-old grocery delivery service may be among tech companies in line for a market debut .
San Francisco-based Instacart raised $ 400 million in its latest financing round in March , boosting the company 's valuation to $ 3.4 billion as investors showed more enthusiasm for a business model whose viability had long been in question .
Some have noted Instacart 's resemblance to the dot-com-era grocery delivery company Webvan , which raised $ 800 million and went public but then went bankrupt .
`` ( IPO ) is not even an internal discussion at this point , '' Instacart co-founder Max Mullen told Reuters at the Collision tech conference in New Orleans .
`` We recently raised a sizeable ( financing ) round so we are focused on spending that money carefully , responsibly and wisely . ''
Instacart is backed by prominent venture capital firms such as Sequoia Capital , Khosla Ventures , Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Thrive Capital .
The company operates in 45 U.S. markets including San Francisco , Chicago and New York , and plans to add 40 markets in the next quarter .
`` We are going to double the markets ( we are in ) in the next quarter and drastically increase coverage of Instacart . Overall , we plan to make the service available to 80 percent of U.S. households by 2018 , '' Mullen said .
Instacart has deals with about 140 retailers including Whole Foods ( WFM.O ) , Costco ( COST.O ) , Target ( TGT.N ) and Safeway to deliver groceries to consumers . Customers can order from those stores through the Instacart app , and an Instacart driver delivers the food in as little as an hour .
Although Instacart does not disclose revenue , Mullen said the company has been gross margin profitable in the majority of its markets since fall 2016 .
Instacart also launched advertising for consumer packaged good companies including Pepsi ( PEP.N ) , Unilever and General Mills ( GIS.N ) on its website about 18 months ago , which has become a big portion of revenue .
`` Advertising is the fastest-growing part of our revenue . It 's the difference between being profitable and not being profitable , '' Mullen said .
( Reporting by Angela Moon ; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli )
( Releads , updates with closing prices )
By Jan Harvey
LONDON , April 6 Copper closed lower on Thursday with investors largely cautious ahead of the first meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and their Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping .
The United States is targeting a reduction in China 's $ 347 billion goods trade surplus through tougher enforcement of trade laws and anti-dumping and anti-subsidy duties .
`` You 've got Trump and Xi Jinping meeting , and that is uppermost in most people 's minds in terms of trade tensions , given that China is a big consumer ( of copper ) , '' Société Générale analyst Robin Bhar said .
`` There 's bound to be a bit of caution , '' they added .
The metal had posted its biggest daily rise in nearly two months on Wednesday , climbing 2 percent as Chinese buyers returned to the market after a break .
However , indications that the Federal Reserve might start paring back its vast asset holdings this year also curbed appetite for cyclical assets during Thursday .
* LME COPPER : Three-month copper on the London Metal Exchange closed down 0.6 percent at $ 5,858 a tonne .
* MARKETS : Stocks staged a cautious fight back on Thursday before a potentially tense meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and their Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping .
* FED NEWS : Most Federal Reserve policymakers think the central bank should take steps to trim its $ 4.5 trillion balance sheet later this year as long as economic data holds up , minutes from their last meeting showed .
* JAPAN COPPER : Japan 's Pan Pacific Copper ( PPC ) plans to cut its April-September output of refined copper by 19.9 percent from the same period last year due to long maintenance at one of its plants .
* TECHNICALS : LME copper may retest resistance at $ 5,928 a tonne , a break above which could spark a rally to $ 5,969 , the 86.4 percent Fibonacci projection level of an upward wave ( c ) , Reuters technical analyst Wang Tao said .
* ALUMINIUM STOCKS : On-warrant aluminium stocks MALSTX-TOTAL held in London Metal Exchange warehouses , representing metal available for delivery , fell below 1 million tonnes for the first time since May 2008 on Tuesday , to 988,100 tonnes .
* LEAD , ZINC : Australian miner South32 Ltd cut output forecasts on Thursday after a fire at its Cannington silver and lead mine . LME lead closed down 0.7 percent at $ 2,295 a tonne , while zinc ended the day 1.9 percent lower at $ 2,726 a tonne .
* OTHER METALS : LME aluminium closed down 0.4 percent at $ 1,953 a tonne , while nickel ended 2.1 percent lower at $ 10,080 a tonne . Tin finished up 1 percent at $ 20,310 .
LAUSANNE , March 29 The chairperson of Indian miner Vedanta Resources has no plans to buy assets in South Africa from Anglo American , or to push for a board seat after announcing a plan to acquire a 13 percent stake in the mining giant .
`` I believe in the management , I believe in the company ( Anglo ) ... and felt that if I have a resource that I should make an investment in it , '' Vedanta chairperson Anil Agarwal told the FT Commodities Summit in Switzerland on Wednesday .
They added that he 'd be happy to help Anglo American move into India if they wished `` at some point in time to expand their business . ''
Earlier this month , Agarwal said they would buy a 2 billion pounds ( $ 2.5 billion ) stake in Anglo American . ( Reporting by Julia Payne and Gus Trompiz , editing by Louise Heavens )
A sign advertising the online seller Etsy Inc. is seen outside the Nasdaq market site in Times Square following Etsy 's initial public offering ( IPO ) on the Nasdaq in New York April 16 , 2015 . REUTERS/Mike Segar/File Photo
Hedge fund Black-and-White Capital LP on Tuesday called on Etsy Inc ( ETSY.O ) , an online retailer of handmade goods , to explore a sale , saying the U.S. company 's sales growth had slowed while costs had increased .
Shares of New York City-based Etsy rose 2.4 percent to $ 11.32 in morning trading .
Black-and-White owns about 2 percent of Etsy , the activist hedge fund said .
Etsy 's intrinsic value could reach $ 30 per share with operational improvements , and the company could be valued at $ 15.50 per share if sold immediately , Black-and-White said .
The hedge fund also said Etsy should separate the roles of chairperson and chief executive , which are currently held by Chad Dickerson .
Black-and-White said growth in Etsy 's gross merchandise sales — the dollar value of items sold in its online markets — had slowed due to flaws in its search algorithm .
Etsy 's shares have fallen more than 30 percent since their initial public offering two years ago .
Etsy did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
( Reporting by Rishika Sadam in Bengaluru ; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar )
Israeli forces have demolished eleven more Palestinian structures in the occupied West Bank as the Tel Aviv regime goes ahead with its land expropriation and illegal settlement expansion in the occupied Palestinian territories .
Dawood al-Jahalin , a spokesperson for the Abu Nuwwar Bedouin community , said Israeli bulldozers escorted by military forces demolished the residential structures in the village of Khan al-Ahmar on Monday morning .
They added that the dwellers were not allowed to evacuate personal belongings and furniture .
Jahalin noted that Israeli forces imposed a siege on the area during the demolitions , which left 87 Palestinians , most of them women and children , without a roof over their head .
Israeli forces had razed eight Palestinian homes in the same West Bank village in October 2016 .
Israeli human rights group B'Tselem said at the time that the demolitions had affected more than two dozen Palestinians , leaving 28 people , including 18 minors , homeless .
A recent report by the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs ( OCHA ) showed that Israeli authorities have demolished or seized 1,089 Palestinian-owned structures since the start of last year up until December 28 . The demolitions have left some 1,593 Palestinians homeless and affected the lives of another 7,101 , according to the report released on December 29 , 2016 .
The UN body further announced that the “ vast majority ” of the Palestinian structures were destroyed or seized because the Israeli policies made it virtually impossible for the Palestinians to obtain building permits .
Israeli demolitions of Palestinian homes and structures have raised alarm among diplomats and human rights groups over what they regard as the Tel Aviv regime 's continued violation of international law .
Israel 's demolition of Palestinian homes and its continued expansion of illegal settlements in the occupied Palestinian territories have dimmed hopes of any peace in the region .
More than 600,000 Israelis live in illegal settlements built since the 1967 Israeli occupation of the Palestinian territories .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Dynac Corp
* Says it will restructure the company into a holding company , effective July 1
* Says it will transfer restaurant business to split preparatory company , which was established on Jan. 5
* Says it will change company name to Dynac Holdings Corporation , effective July 1
Source text in Japanese : goo.gl/bHrLK5
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
May 2 FinLab AG
* Enters into a million euro investment in Fintech-SaaS pionier Fastbill Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
OSLO , March 31 Norway 's central bank will keep its daily sale of foreign currency unchanged in April , it said on Friday .
The bank will sell foreign exchange equivalent to 850 million Norwegian crowns per day .
In order to make funds available to be spent as part of the government 's fiscal budget , Norges Bank exchanges currency earned from the country 's oil industry and its sovereign wealth fund into Norwegian crowns .
More details on how and why the central bank trades currency can be seen here : bit.ly/2iIfmLq ( Reporting by Oslo newsroom )
SINGAPORE Citigroup Inc ( C.N ) will seek bids from global insurers keen to sell general insurance products across the U.S. bank 's Asia-Pacific markets , in a deal that could be worth at least $ 500 million , a source with knowledge of the matter told Reuters .
Citi 's move underscores how banks are leveraging their network of branches and customer base to generate assured revenue over many years , as demand for insurance grows in the region , the source said .
The multi-year , bancassurance deal for products such as motor , property and travel insurance , will be one of the largest of its kind in the region , and give insurers access to 15 million customers of Citibank in 12 markets including Singapore , Hong Kong , China , India and Australia .
Citi will kick off the process for the 15-year deal in a few days , and expects to choose a partner in a few months , said the person who declined to be identified as the information was not public .
The deal is expected to be pitched to a number of insurers including AIG ( AIG.N ) and Allianz ( ALVG.DE ) , two sources said .
The exact value of the non-life insurance deal will depend on various issues including how bidders structure upfront payments and calculate net present value of future commissions and deferred payments , the first source said .
A spokesperson at Citi declined to comment . AIG and Allianz also declined to comment .
Citi 's plan to seek partners follows the bank 's move to allow insurer AIA ( 1299.HK ) in 2013 to sell life insurance through its Asia network in a multi-year deal .
`` The bank has invested a lot to grow its technology platform and digital engagement over several years . The idea now is to complement the life insurance partnership with another one for general insurance , '' said the source .
Global insurers are increasingly relying on bank distribution tie-ups to help generate billions of dollars in revenue in Asia , where rising personal incomes are enabling individuals and families to afford insurance .
`` You are bound to see participation across-the-board , from Japanese insurers to Europeans and others for this kind of deal , '' said the second person , who has dealt with bank distribution transactions , referring to the Citi deal .
`` More and more banks are monetizing their distribution networks as this does n't cost them much and the fees goes straight to the bottom line , '' they said .
The first source said Citi has an initial preference for one partner for all markets but is open to considering more than one , given the range and scale of the bank 's retail platform .
Asia has seen a spate of bank distribution deals for life insurance in the last five years and transactions for non-life insurance are also heating up .
In January , Standard Chartered ( STAN.L ) and Allianz announced a 15-year deal that enabled the German insurer to sell its general insurance products to StanChart 's customers in five Asia markets .
( Reporting by Anshuman Daga ; Additional reporting by Carolyn Cohn in LONDON and Suzanne Barlyn in NEW YORK ; Editing by Randy Fabi and David Evans )
April 10 Inter Cars SA :
* Robert Kierzek resigns from their post of CEO of the company as of May 1
* Chairman of supervisory board to propose Maciej Oleksowicz for post of CEO of the company Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
One of the things I 've noticed during 40 years of sales and marketing is that if you have high credibility and trust with a potential client it is a lot easier to convert that credibility into a paid sale .
One of the most effective ways to build high credibility is to share helpful tips and ideas related to what you sell .
( If you do this you are perceived as an instant expert on that topic . )
That works very well but does take time .
Advertisement
So how can you build instant credibility in only 2-3 minutes ?
The best way to do this is to really 'be an expert ' around what you sell .
Here 's a great example :
Chris Gilmour is a real estate sales professional based in Brisbane , Australia .
In their first year Chris earned around $ 100,000 .
In their second year Chris earned over $ 700,000 .
And in their third year Chris earned over $ 1,000,000 .
( In case you were wondering Chris sells average priced properties in their area . )
However in their best month they sold 23 properties !
I interviewed Chris a few years ago to find out the secrets to their success .
And they kindly shared with me how they get Instant Credibility with potential clients in their very first phone call with them .
Chris works in an area of Brisbane that has around 3,500 homes .
If a person rings up and is thinking about selling their home Chris asks them for their address .
Let 's say the address is number 3 Smith Street .
Chris then says 'So you have the two level brick and tile house with the lovely rose garden out the front '
In other words they tell the caller they know their home .
The caller is usually amazed and asks Chris how they could possibly know what their home looks like .
Chris says 'It 's my job to know every home in my area . That way I can help my clients get the best result when they come to sell their home ' .
What Chris did in their first few years in real estate was to learn the details of every home in the local area that they worked in .
They would take a street to start with and list the addresses of every home in that street . They would then take notes on cards about every home in that street .
So number 1 was a single level home with a picket fence . Number 3 was a two level brick and tile home with a lovely rose garden and so on . Chris would then learn at least 10 of these homes each day .
Within a year they knew most of the homes in their area and what they looked like .
There is no substitute for in depth knowledge about what you sell .
And the good news is that with a few minutes a day of study you can be extremely knowledgeable on any topic .
Which gives you instant credibility with potential clients when you speak with them .
Here 's another example :
Many years ago I spoke with real estate sales teams and showed them how to boost their sales and listings .
When I first spoke with these teams I had never sold real estate myself .
However I had a secret weapon to build instant credibility with my audience .
Two months earlier I had bought four excellent books on how to sell real estate .
These books were written by some of the top real estate sales people in the world and they had a ton of useful tips and strategies in them .
I had read all of the books and taken detailed notes .
In my presentations to real estate teams I mentioned these books and I shared a number of the sales and marketing strategies in them .
To my surprise most of the real estate sales teams I talked with had never heard of the books let alone read them .
And the end result was I had Instant Credibility with every team I spoke because I had read the books .
`` Knowledge is power . '' - Francis Bacon
Action Exercise :
What are you going to do over the next month so you become a 'real expert ' around what you sell ?
- Graham McGregor is a Marketing Advisor and helps businesses who offer an expensive service to quickly attract ideal new clients . You can download their brand new 106-page marketing guide 'The Expensive Service Marketing Solution ' at no charge from www.TheExpensiveServiceMarketingSolution.com
Ten days before President-elect Donald J. Trump takes office , President Barack Obama will say goodbye from the same city that launched their political career .
The presidential farewell will take place on the evening of Jan. 10 at Chicago 's McCormick Place . In an email expected to be sent out Monday morning , Obama said they were taking their cue from George Washington , who “ set the precedent for a peaceful , democratic transfer of power ” and penned a farewell address in 1796 .
“ I 'm just beginning to write my remarks , ” they wrote . “ But I 'm thinking about them as a chance to say thank you for this amazing journey , to celebrate the ways you 've changed this country for the better these past eight years , and to offer some thoughts on where we all go from here . ”
In the email , Obama said the nation has faced a number of challenges in the past eight years , but emerged stronger .
President Barack Obama visited Chicago on Oct. 27 , 2015 , where they spoke about guns and violence and took in a Bulls game . ( Antonio Perez / Chicago Tribune ) ( Antonio Perez / Chicago Tribune )
“ That 's because we have never let go of a belief that has guided us ever since our founding -- our conviction that , together , we can change this country for the better , ” they wrote .
The event will be open to the public . According to the White House website , tickets will be handed out on a first come first served basis at McCormick Place Jan. 7 .
The scheduled farewell address will bring Obama 's political career as a state senator in Illinois , U.S. senator , and president full circle . When they won the White House in 2008 , Chicago hosted a victory rally in Grant Park .
U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis and Britain 's Defence Secretary Michael Fallon shake hands before their meeting in London , March 31 , 2017 . REUTERS/Matt Dunham/Pool
U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis and Britain 's Defence Secretary Michael Fallon pose for a handshake in front of a ceremonial guard of the Household Cavalry Mounted Regiment , as Mattis arrives for their meeting at the Ministry of Defence in London , March 31 , 2017 . REUTERS/Matt Dunham/Pool
LONDON Britain and the United States said on Friday that NATO allies needed to commit to increase defence spending every year , calling on countries who do not meet the alliance 's 2 percent spending target to `` raise their game '' .
`` Secretary Mattis and I have agreed that others must now raise their game , and those failing to meet the 2 percent commitment so far should at least agree to year on year real terms increases , '' British Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said during a joint news conference with U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis .
( Reporting by Kylie MacLellan and Phil Stewart ; Writing by William James ; editing by Guy Faulconbridge )
By Laura Mills
The Pike River Mine families today signed a memorandum with most political parties - except National and Act - to create a special agency solely in charge of the mine recovery effort .
It would be set up within 100 days of a new government , and has a parliamentary majority .
Solid Energy , which bought the closed Pike River Mine in 2012 , two years after the explosion that killed 29 men , is currently being wound up and will cease to exist by March next year .
Advertisement
In February the Government ordered the state-owned enterprise to stop the permanent sealing of the portal to allow an unmanned re-entry of the stone drift leading into the mine . Since then , it has been looking at some sort of robotic entry .
Solid Energy chairperson Andy Coupe said in February they would resign sooner than let anyone enter the unsafe mine .
However , most of the families have been pushing for a manned re-entry of the drift , and they were recently in Wellington talking to politicians .
The agency would take ownership of the mine and reclaim the drift to recover any remains and evidence .
The commitment was to be signed this afternoon by the leaders of Labour , United Future , Maori Party , Green Party and New Zealand First . That means there is now a parliamentary majority .
Anna Osborne , whose husband Milton died in the mine , said they were `` incredibly thankful '' to all of the parties that hd backed them .
`` Their commitment shows that we can get justice , and lets all New Zealanders know that our leaders will do the right thing , '' Mrs Osborne said .
Bernie Monk said it was a `` moment that we will remember for the rest of our lives '' .
`` A moment when right won out . ''
The disaster is now approaching its seventh anniversary .
The commitment :
`` We , the undersigned , commit that a new government we are part of will act immediately to safely re-enter , fully recover , make safe and comprehensively investigate the Pike River Mine drift . We will immediately create within the new government a minister responsible for Pike River re-entry . Within the first 100 days of a new government , we will create an agency for Pike River re-entry to take ownership of the Pike River Mine site and associated rights along with appropriate funding to plan and implement the mission . ''
- Greymouth Star
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Defender Guillermo Varela has left Manchester United to return to Penarol in their native Uruguay , the Premier League club said on its official Twitter account on Saturday .
Varela was former manager David Moyes 's first signing for United in 2013 but made only four league appearances .
They spent their second season on loan at Real Madrid Castilla , the Spanish side 's reserve team , and last season was loaned to Bundesliga club Eintracht Frankfurt .
They suspended them in May after they had an unauthorised tattoo , which became infected .
ROME Italy 's economic growth is likely to continue in the near term at the same modest pace seen over the last few quarters , national statistics bureau ISTAT said on Wednesday .
In its monthly economic note , ISTAT said its composite leading indicator `` signals a continuation of the current rhythm of economic growth . ''
The euro zone 's third largest economy grew 0.2 percent in the final quarter of last year , slowing from 0.3 percent in the previous three months .
This year the government of Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni sees growth of 1.0 percent , broadly in line with last year 's 0.9 percent rate and leaving Italy in its customary position among the euro zone 's most sluggish economies .
ISTAT 's manufacturing confidence index rose to a 10-year high in March and a closely watched survey of purchasing managers in the manufacturing sector ( PMI ) hit a 6-year high .
Nonetheless , ISTAT said its latest leading indicator was still less positive than in the previous month .
( Reporting By Gavin Jones )
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Clearing house ICE Clear Europe ( ICE.N ) may need to bolster its defences against extreme market shocks and customer defaults after a sector-wide test of resilience , the European Union 's securities watchdog said on Friday .
ICE Clear Europe , part of Intercontinental Exchange , said it will review and incorporate the test results into its stress-testing and risk management framework , as appropriate .
Clearing houses , which process more trades as a result of reforms aimed at making markets safer after the financial crisis , must have a default fund to ensure the completion of a stock , bond or derivatives trade even if one side goes bust .
The European Securities and Markets Authority ( ESMA ) said the bloc 's network of clearing houses for securities showed it could withstand extreme , simulated market shocks .
Its second EU-wide stress test showed the system could cope with several users of clearing houses , such as banks , defaulting at the same time coupled with extreme market shocks , ESMA said .
Clearing houses are required to stress test themselves each day , and the aim of the ESMA check was to see if problems at one clearing house could trigger a domino effect across the system as some banks are users of several clearers .
ESMA singled out two of the 16 clearing houses . It said in a statement that ICE Clear Europe 's pre-funded resources would only marginally cover the simulated stress losses .
The test showed that relatively small increases in the number of defaulting groups or in the toughness of the shocks could lead to material breaches of ICE Clear Europe 's prefunded resources , ESMA said .
The watchdog said it will discuss the findings with ICE Clear Europe 's national regulator , the Bank of England , to work on unspecified follow-up actions and recommendations .
Spain 's BME Clearing ( BME.MC ) showed a minor shortfall of less than a million euros in required pre-funded resources under one aspect of the test , ESMA said .
The shortfall had no systemic impact and could have been covered with surplus cash elsewhere at the Madrid Stock Exchange Group at the time of the test .
ESMA tested 16 European clearing houses with 900 members such as banks , and holding a total of 270 billion euros in default fund contributions and cash for backing trades .
ESMA Chair Steven Maijoor said that compared with the first stress test in 2016 , the latest health check was broadened out .
“ The expansion of the stress test to include liquidity risk in addition to counterparty credit risk has provided added reassurance on their resilience , ” Maijoor said .
This liquidity part of the test did not detect any major systemic risk concerns , ESMA said .
April 10 Jetblue Airways Corp :
* Jetblue Airways Corp - entered into an amended and restated credit and guaranty agreement , dated as of april 6 , 2017 - sec filing
* Jetblue Airways - establishes the maturity date for the $ 425 million lending commitments as April 6 , 2021
* Jetblue Airways Corp says amendment increases lending commitments by $ 25 million , for total lending commitments of $ 425 million Source text ( bit.ly/2ojiRto ) Further company coverage :
April 13 Gudou Holdings Ltd :
* Group is expected to record unaudited consolidated net profit of between RMB1.4 million and RMB5.7 million for three months ended 31 March 2017
* Expected result mainly due to recognition of sales of joyful apartments
* `` Group is expected to record a lower level of finance costs for period than corresponding period in 2016 '' Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
WASHINGTON , April 20 U.S. officials are reviewing Venezuela 's seizure of General Motors Co 's assets in the country , U.S. State Department spokesperson Mark Toner said on Thursday .
`` We are reviewing the details of the case , '' Toner said in a statement , saying the United States hoped to resolve the case `` rapidly and transparently . ''
GM said on Wednesday that Venezuelan authorities had illegally seized its plant in the industrial hub of Valencia . ( Reporting by Yeganeh Torbati ; Editing by Bill Trott )
April 5 Cascades Inc
* Cascades consolidates results of the greenpac mill and increases its ownership stake in the containerboard company
* Cascades -increased ownership stake in greenpac from 59.7 % to 62.5 % following an unrelated acquisition of a minority stake in containerboard partners Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
April 13 Samsung Electronics Co Ltd :
* Mobile chief says Galaxy S8 preorder levels are better than the S7
* Mobile chief says can not give up on the China smartphone market
* Mobile chief says aim to recover in the China smartphone market , even if it takes time Further company coverage : ( Reporting By Se Young Lee )
Eco-friendly lawns do not have to look like deserts , and they do not have to cost a fortune either . One Southern California company is getting the word out about artificial turf , and the benefits it has to the planet .
Contact
Coastal Greenscapes
* * * @ focusinternetservices.com Coastal Greenscapes
End
-- Coastal Greenscapes is an Orange County based installer of `` water-smart '' landscaping . While this may bring about visions of desert landscaping with rock ground coverings and cacti , they are changing the perception of what `` water-smart '' and `` eco-friendly '' can mean . Many residents of Anaheim and surrounding areas have grown used to the lush and green look that can be achieved in Southern California due to our ample sunshine and warm temperatures , but many also do not take into account that there is not typically enough rainfall in the area to support thick green lawns . As the drought took hold , these people began watching their lawns dry up and die due to watering restrictions , and as a result of this wake-up call , the push for `` eco-friendly '' lawns became more of a reality . Coastal Greenscapes took up the charge and began a widespread campaign for eco-friendly living in Southern California , starting with artificial turf . They also perform free estimates , landscape design and LED lighting installation . Visit them today at http : //scturf.com Artificial turf of `` fake grass '' is a plastic product that is designed to look and feel exactly like living grass , without needing the watering or care . Because of the savings on water as well as the continual green and tidy look that artificial turf brought with it , more residents of Orange County began to realize the benefits simply from a water saving standpoint . These residents did not realize that they were also doing their part to reduce pollution , as the emissions from mowers used to care for the living lawns in the area contribute a significant portion to the air quality issues in California . Coastal Greenscapes is doing their part to get the word out that by installing artificial grass instead of living grass , you too can do your part to save the planet .
FRANKFURT May 3 Commerzbank aims to increase its annual revenues by over 1 billion euros ( $ 1.1 billion ) , possibly with the help of acquisitions , Chief Executive Martin Zielke said on Wednesday .
`` Besides winning 2 million new customers we want to increase revenues by more than 1 billion euros through organic growth and - if the price is right - through acquisitions , '' they told shareholders gathered for the bank 's annual meeting .
Commerzbank has looked at Allianz 's regional private bank Oldenburgische Landesbank ( OLB ) but has withdrawn from that auction because integration of the lender would be very complex , people close to the matter have said .
They said OLB was likely to be bought by buyout group Apollo instead .
In 2016 , Commerzbank saw revenues decline by 4 percent to 9.4 billion euros as low interest rates and subdued loan demand weighed on its business .
Business in the first quarter has been `` decent '' , Zielke said , declining to specify .
The bank is due to publish financial results for the first three months of 2017 on Tuesday .
( $ 1 = 0.9162 euros ) ( Reporting by Alexander Hübner and Arno Schuetze ; Editing by Maria Sheahan )
BEIRUT The Syrian government set conditions on Thursday for any international inquiry into a suspected chemical attack that killed scores of people , saying it must not be `` politicised '' and should set out from Damascus and not Turkey .
Foreign Minister Walid al-Moualem said Syria 's past experience with international inquiries had not been encouraging . The government would only decide on the idea once its concerns were addressed , they said .
Moualem also reiterated the government 's strong denial that it was behind the attack on Tuesday in Khan Sheikhoun in the northwestern province of Idlib , an area mostly controlled by rebel groups at the border with Turkey .
U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday said President Bashar al-Assad 's government had gone `` beyond a red line '' and said their attitude towards Syria and Assad had changed . But they gave no indication of how they would respond .
Moualem did not directly respond to questions about Trump 's comments . But they said they recognised `` the gravity '' of recent U.S. statements , and cited speculation U.S. comments may have been a means of exercising diplomatic pressure at the United Nations .
Moualem , speaking at a news conference in Damascus , said the Syrian government 's Russian allies had put forward ideas for the formation of a `` non-politicised commission of inquiry '' .
`` It must not be politicised , it must leave from Damascus and not Turkey . We have numerous questions about this subject . When we are certain these questions are addressed with convincing answers , we will give you our response , '' they said .
Western states have accused the Syrian government of carrying out the chemical attack on Tuesday that killed at least 70 people including at least 20 children . Russia has said the deaths were caused by a gas leak from a depot where rebel groups were storing chemical weapons , after a Syrian air strike .
Moualem said a Syrian air strike had hit a store where the Nusra Front was storing chemical weapons . The Nusra Front is a jihadist group that now operates as part of an alliance called Tahrir al-Sham . They said the Nusra Front and Islamic State had both been storing chemical weapons in urban areas of Syria .
Rebels have denied that there were any military positions in the area targeted in Tuesday 's air strike .
Moualem also said the first Syrian air strike carried out in the area took place at 11:30 a.m. ( 0830 GMT ) , some five hours after an air raid observer in Khan Sheikhoun reported that a lone Syrian jet had dropped at least four bombs there , including one that released a cloud of white smoke .
`` I confirm to you once again that the Syrian Arab Army has not and will not use this type of weapon against our people and our children , and not even against the terrorists who kill our people , '' Moualem said .
Moualem also said they saw a basis for an eventual `` understanding '' with Kurdish groups that have established control over wide areas of northern Syria , where they are fighting Islamic State with U.S. support .
They said the Kurds wanted to remain part of Syria . `` I am confident we will reach an understanding with them after accomplishing the struggle against terrorism '' , they said .
The head of the main Syrian Kurdish militia , the YPG , last month indicated it was ready to reach accommodation with the Syrian government once Kurdish rights are secured . The dominant Syrian Kurdish parties say they want to maintain a form of local autonomy in an eventual settlement to the Syrian war .
( Reporting by Tom Perry , Ellen Francis , Ahmed Tolba ; Editing by Hugh Lawson )
BRIEF-Service & Quality Technology to set up unit in Hong Kong via subsidiary
* Says it plans to invest HK $ 7 million in its Hong Kong-based subsidiary to help to set up a new sub-subsidiary in Hong Kong
* Q1 EBIT above forecast
* Raises 2017 sales , operating profit outlook
COPENHAGEN May 3 Denmark 's Novo Nordisk , the world 's biggest diabetes drugmaker , reported forecast-beating operating profit for the first quarter and nudged up its 2017 operating profit growth outlook .
The firm , grappling with increased price pressure in its key U.S. market , posted an operating profit of 13.5 billion Danish crowns ( $ 1.98 billion ) for the January-March period , up 10 percent from a year earlier and above an average 12.0 billion crowns forecast in a Reuters poll of analysts .
`` Sales were driven by our new , innovative products within diabetes and obesity care , and we are seeing the effects of our cost control initiatives , '' said Chief Executive Officer Lars Fruergaard Jorgensen in a statement .
The firm has initiated its first-ever broad savings initiative in a bid to offset the increasing rebates it has to offer in the United States and will work to improve relationship with pharmacy benefit managers .
The company narrowed its 2017 forecast to 0 to 3 percent sales growth and -1 to 3 percent operating profit growth from a previous forecast of sales growth of between minus 1 and plus 4 percent , and operating profit of minus 2 percent to plus 3 percent growth , both in local currencies .
Growth reported in crowns is expected to be around 1 percentage point higher than the local currency level , it said . ( $ 1 = 6.8052 Danish crowns ) ( Reporting by Stine Jacobsen ; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu )
UPDATE 1-MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK , June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp 's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada , a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday .
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco 's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia 's ruling family and executives of the kingdom 's state oil company over where to list its shares , the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday .
Dec 11 ( Reuters ) - Pyne Gould Corporation Ltd :
* ‍THERE HAS BEEN A SETTLEMENT IN A DISPUTE WITH WILACI PTY LIMITED OVER LATE PAYMENT FEES​
* ‍SETTLEMENT WILL RESULT IN REVERSAL OF WILACI LITIGATION EXPENSE IN RESPECT OF NZGP ; SETTLEMENT AMOUNT TO BE EXPENSED VIA TFLP​
* ‍NOT YET POSSIBLE TO QUANTIFY OVERALL IMPACT ; IMPACT TO BE REFLECTED IN PGC ‘ S NEXT HALF YEAR REPORT​ Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
FRANKFURT Chinese investor Creat Group Corp has offered to buy German blood plasma products maker Biotest ( BIOG.DE ) for about 1.2 billion euros ( $ 1.3 billion ) including debt following its purchase last year of British peer Bio Products Laboratory .
`` The Board of Management and Supervisory Board welcome the discussions , '' Biotest said , adding the suitor would back an ongoing investment drive to more than double output capacity by 2022 .
Biotest Chief Executive Bernhard Ehmer told a news conference on Thursday that Creat had not been the only potential bidder to approach Biotest about a deal but it chose to talk to Creat because its proposal was `` thought through '' .
No negotiations with other parties were taking place at present , a person close to the matter said .
Biotest said Creat had proposed a purchase price of 28.50 euros per ordinary share ( BIOG.DE ) , a 43 percent premium over Wednesday 's closing price .
However owners of preference shares without voting rights and therefore unable to block or approve any deal would be offered only 19 euros apiece , a slight discount to Wednesday 's 19.02 euro close .
The preference shares ( BIOG_p.DE ) slipped almost 5 percent to 18.08 euros at 1445 GMT , while the ordinary shares jumped 25 percent to 25 euros .
OGEL , the investment vehicle of late company founder Hans Schleussner 's family , holds slightly more than half of Biotest 's ordinary shares with voting rights .
Biotest , whose products are used to treat blood coagulation disorders , auto-immune diseases and immune deficiencies , said the potential deal was still subject to final negotiations and an agreement with majority shareholder OGEL .
Creat also holds a stake in Biotest peer Shanghai RAAS Blood Products 002252.SZ , which competes with groups such as CSL Behring , Grifols ( GRLS.MC ) and Shire unit Baxalta ( SHP.L ) .
Germany and China have been involved in an increasingly public dispute about access to each other 's markets , with China complaining about unfair scrutiny of its acquisition targets in Germany , and Germany wanting a more level playing-field for its firms in the world 's second-largest economy .
Due to the talks , Biotest said it postponed its annual shareholder meeting , initially planned for May 10 , to a later date , which was yet to be announced .
Biotest 's share capital is split evenly between ordinary and preference shares , with latter share class being completely in free-float ownership .
Creat agreed in May last year to acquire British biotech firm Bio Products Laboratories ( BPL ) from Bain Capital for 820 million pounds ( $ 1.02 billion ) .
Biotest , which is being advised by Credit Suisse ( CSGN.S ) , suffered a setback last week when its partner Immunogen ( IMGN.O ) decided to cease work with Biotest on bringing an experimental blood cancer treatment to the U.S. market .
Bank of America ( BAC.N ) is advising Creat .
( $ 1 = 0.9313 euros )
( Additional reporting by Arno Schuetze ; Editing by Keith Weir )
BEIJING The Beijing branches of at least six major Chinese banks have raised interest rates on housing loans for first- and second-home buyers , effective from May 1 , six sources with direct knowledge of the hikes told Reuters .
Beijing announced unprecedentedly tough restrictions in March to fight soaring prices in the capital 's red-hot residential property market and rein in rising financial risks .
The six banks have removed discounts on mortgage rates for first-time home buyers , effectively raising borrowing costs , the sources said on Tuesday .
They have also increased their floating mortgage interest rate for second-home buyers by 10 percentage points to 20 percent over the central bank 's long-term benchmark rate , according to the sources , who spoke on condition of anonymity .
The central bank 's benchmark lending rate for loans longer than 5 years , currently at 4.9 percent , is typically used to set floating-rate mortgages .
The moves are significant as credit conditions are the most crucial factor influencing short-term price trends , analysts say .
The removal of discounts for first-home buyers echoes the credit crunch during property tightening cycles in 2011 and 2014 , said Zhang Dawei , Beijing-based chief analyst at property agency Centaline .
`` It could severely impact market expectations , '' they said .
On Tuesday , the Securities Times first reported that Industrial and Commercial Bank of China ( ICBC ) ( 601398.SS ) ( 1398.HK ) , China Construction Bank Corp ( CCB ) ( 601939.SS ) ( 0939.HK ) , Agricultural Bank of China ( AgBank ) ( 601288.SS ) ( 1288.HK ) , Bank of China ( BoC ) ( 601988.SS ) ( 3988.HK ) and Bank of Communications Co ( BoCom ) ( 601328.SS ) ( 3328.HK ) had hiked the rates .
China CITIC Bank ( 601998.SS ) , Bank of Beijing ( 601169.SS ) and China Merchants Bank ( 600036.SS ) have also taken similar steps , according to the state-run newspaper .
The banks did n't immediately confirm the changes . China 's central bank did n't immediately respond to a request for comment .
The measures show `` unprecedented resolve '' in cooling the market , even though the additional cost burden is likely to be only minimal considering already hefty down payment ratios of as high as 80 percent for second homes , said Guo Yi , market director at Yahao , a real estate consulting agency in Beijing .
( Reporting by Yawen Chen , Shu Zhang and Ryan Woo ; Editing by Shri Navaratnam )
File photo : Antonio Palocci , former finance minister and presidential chief of staff in recent Workers Party ( PT ) governments , arrives at the Institute of Forensic Science in Curitiba , Brazil , September 26 , 2016 . REUTERS/Rodolfo Buhrer
São Paulo Former Brazilian Finance Minister Antonio Palocci told a court hearing on Thursday that they could provide details of a political kickback scheme , which could threaten former President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva 's chances of running in the 2018 election .
In the video of the hearing released on Thursday , Palocci made the offer directly to Judge Sergio Moro , who has overseen a sweeping three-year-old corruption investigation , known as Operation Car Wash , that has upturned Brazilian politics .
`` I could immediately present all the facts , with names , addresses and operations carried out , things that will certainly be of interest to Car Wash , '' Palocci said in the video of the hearing .
Operation Car Wash , named for a gas station in what began as a money laundering probe in the capital Brasilia , has uncovered a bribery scheme at the highest levels of Brazilian politics in return for contracts at state-run enterprises .
Palocci , one of the closest advisers to Lula and former President Dilma Rousseff from 2003 to 2011 , was jailed in September on charges they ran a bribery scheme funneling money to the Workers Party , which then ruled Brazil .
Newspaper Folha de S.Paulo reported on Tuesday , without citing sources , that Palocci met with investigators in recent weeks to discuss the terms of a possible plea bargain deal to give evidence against Lula and other party leaders . Palocci 's lawyer could not be reached to comment on the story .
Several polls show Lula as the favorite in voting intentions for the 2018 presidential election , but they could be barred from running if sentenced for corruption . Lula already faces five court cases related to the investigations .
Folha reported that plea bargain testimony from Palocci , once one of Brazil 's most powerful politicians , could also widen the scope of investigations currently focused on engineering firms , to include banks and other corporations .
Palocci , who has not commented on the Folha story about the plea bargain , said at the hearing that they believed their revelations could give investigators grist to widen the probe .
`` I believe I could open the way for what might be another year of work - but work that would be good for Brazil , '' Palocci said at the hearing .
( Reporting by Brad Haynes ; Additional reporting by Silvio Cascione ; Editing by David Gregorio )
Pedestrians walk past the main entrance to the Reserve Bank of Australia building in central Sydney , Australia , October 3 , 2016 . REUTERS/David Gray
SYDNEY Australia 's central bank held rates steady for a ninth straight month on Tuesday in a widely expected decision as it balances the risk of rising household debt against subdued inflation and wages growth .
The Reserve Bank of Australia ( RBA ) kept rates at a record low 1.5 percent , following easings in August and May last year . All 71 economists in a Reuters poll expected a steady outcome this week . [ AU/INT ]
The RBA sounded optimistic about the economy but retained its concerns about a `` mixed '' labor market . It added a new line in its statement , warning wages growth was expected to remain slow `` for a while yet '' .
`` That 's the most pessimistic view on wages that we 've seen from the RBA in a while , '' said Michael Blythe , an economist at Commonwealth Bank of Australia . `` It seems like they are confident that inflation is expected to remain low for sometime . ''
Australia 's consumer price inflation tiptoed atop 2 percent last quarter for the first time since 2015 but the RBA 's favored measures of underlying inflation stayed below its target band of 2-3 percent .
RBA Governor Philip Lowe has on many occasions argued against the need for further stimulus , insisting any further cuts would be against the `` national interest '' as record-low cash rates have pushed households into a debt binge .
The Australian dollar AUD=D4 popped up briefly after the central bank statement , with investors focusing on some of the RBA 's more upbeat assessments . It was last up 0.1 percent at $ 0.7534 .
The RBA on Tuesday reiterated its expectation of economic growth of just above 3 percent over the next couple of years . Australia 's A $ 1.7 trillion economy expanded at 2.4 percent through the year to December 2016 - ahead of most of its rich world peers .
HOUSING RISKS
Lowe is worried about ballooning housing debt at a time when wages are growing at a record low pace .
In Sydney and Melbourne - Australia 's two most populous cities - home values are racing at a blistering 16 percent and 15 percent , respectively .
The surge in home prices in the major cities skidded to a halt in April , but the RBA made no reference to the slowdown in Tuesday 's statement , repeating prices have been rising `` briskly '' in some markets .
Australian regulators announced measures earlier this year to restrain lending to speculative property investors in a bid to cool the sizzling market and tighten lending standards .
On the flip side , Lowe painted a rosy picture of the global economy , which has helped lift commodity prices and in turn boosted Australia 's national income .
They also said the forward-looking indicators on labor market pointed to growing employment .
Data released last month showed Australia 's jobless rate steadied at a 5.9 percent in March as employment surged the most in 1-1/2 years , far exceeding expectations .
However , a rate hike remains unlikely for now .
`` It 's too early for the RBA to think about raising rates given continuing low underlying inflation pressure , very high underemployment , record low wages growth and a still too high Australian dollar , '' said Shane Oliver , chief economist at AMP .
`` Signs that Sydney and Melbourne property markets may be starting to cool ... add to the RBA 's flexibility on rates . ''
Futures market < 0 # YIB : > imply scant chance of a change to interest rates this year .
( Reporting by Swati Pandey ; Editing by Sam Holmes )
TORONTO — The Bank of Montreal joined its peers in delivering second-quarter profits that beat expectations as Canada 's Big Five banks earned a collective $ 10.6 billion — up nearly 11 per cent from a year ago .
Canada 's biggest banks also handily beat analyst estimates for adjusted profits , brushing off concern about the impact of a cooling real estate market amid tighter mortgage lending guidelines .
`` The market is in various stages of worry about the outlook for the mortgage market in particular , but the results themselves seem to indicate that a lot of that worry is misplaced , '' said Meny Grauman , an analyst with Cormark Securities in Toronto .
BMO was the last of the biggest banks to report its earnings for three-month period ended April 30 on Wednesday .
Its second-quarter net profit of $ 1.25 billion was relatively flat compared with a year ago , but included a $ 192-million after-tax restructuring charge primarily related to severance costs . Canada 's fourth-largest lender also raised its quarterly dividend to 96 cents per share , up three cents from 93 cents in its previous quarter .
BMO said it earned $ 2.20 per share on an adjusted basis for the quarter , up from $ 1.92 per share a year ago . Analysts on average had expected the bank to earn $ 2.12 per share , according to Thomson Reuters Eikon .
Like its rivals , BMO benefited from strong earnings on both sides of the border . Its Canadian banking arm saw net income rise 11 per cent to $ 590 million . And although home sales activity across the country in April hit a monthly low not seen in years , due to factors including a new stress test for uninsured mortgages as of Jan. 1 and higher interest rates , BMO 's total Canadian residential mortgage portfolio grew by 2.2 per cent to $ 106.4 billion in the latest quarter .
`` BMO 's results this quarter demonstrate strong performance and momentum in our U.S. and Canadian ( personal and commercial ) banking and wealth businesses , '' said Darryl White , BMO 's chief executive officer , in a statement .
The other Big Five banks generated strong earnings at home as well . TD 's Canadian retail division net income was up 17 per cent compared with last year . RBC 's Canadian personal and small business banking division reported a seven per cent increase in net income , while Scotiabank 's domestic banking division saw a five per cent increase and CIBC 's Canadian personal and small business banking division reported a 16 per cent increase in net income .
International growth was a bright spot for the Canadian lenders as well , and a big contributor to the $ 10.6 billion in net income attributable to shareholders amongst them during the quarter .
An Italy flag flutters as an Alitalia airplane approaches to land at Fiumicino airport in Rome , Italy , July 31 , 2014 . REUTERS/Max Rossi/File Photo
An Alitalia crew member walks past Alitalia employees who take part in a strike at Fiumicino international airport in Rome , Italy April 5 , 2017 . REUTERS/Remo Casilli TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY
Passengers await their flight during a strike by workers of Italy 's national airline , Alitalia at Fiumicino international airport in Rome , Italy April 5 , 2017 . REUTERS/Remo Casilli
ROME Alitalia cancelled 60 percent of scheduled flights on Wednesday as employees staged a 24-hour strike to protest against the loss-making airline 's plan to cut 16 percent of its staff and reduce flight personnel 's salaries by a third .
Italy 's flagship carrier , which is 49 percent owned by Etihad Airways , has made an annual profit only a few times in its 70-year history . It is in a race against time to win union support for its latest turnaround plan as it seeks to unlock financing and avoid having to ground planes .
`` We are on strike for the hundredth time because this crisis at Alitalia , all the crises , and the industrial plan ... are always against the workers , '' Paolo De Montis , a representative of the USB union , said outside Rome 's Fiumicino airport where hundreds of workers gathered .
Alitalia CEO Cramer Ball has said the cuts were `` painful but necessary '' . Despite several overhauls and cash injections over the years , Alitalia is losing at least half a million euros ( £427,000 ) a day and could run out of cash in the coming weeks unless shareholders agree to pump in more money , sources say .
Fiumicino 's main terminal was deserted as only a few passengers , who did not know about the strike , had turned up .
The airline said it would be operating a normal schedule for six hours on Wednesday to mitigate the strike 's impact .
`` Workers need to get what they deserve but at the same time it 's really difficult when they interrupt travel , it really hurts the economy , '' said Greg Curtis , a passenger from Florida , the United States .
Alitalia said last month it expects to return to profit by the end of 2019 through 1 billion euros of cost cuts over the next three years and a revamp of its business model for short and medium-haul flights .
After buying into Alitalia in 2014 , Etihad pledged to return the airline to profit by 2017 , but the turnaround has faltered in the face of competition from low-cost airlines such as Ryanair ( RYA.L ) and high-speed rail services , while deadly attacks across Europe have dented demand for travel .
( Reporting by Antonio Denti in Rome , writing by Agnieszka Flak ; Editing by Susan Fenton )
Children stand near a barricade on Dutra road during a protest in the early hours of a general strike in Sao Jose dos Campos . REUTERS/Roosevelt Cassio
Member of Brazil 's Homeless Workers ' Movement ( MTST ) is seen in front of a burning barricade during a protest against President Michel Temer 's proposal to reform Brazil 's social security system in the early hours of a general strike in Brasilia , Brazil , April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ueslei Marcelino
A bus burns during clashes between demonstrators and riot police in a protest against President Michel Temer 's proposal reform of Brazil 's social security system during general strike in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , April 28 , 2017 . The writing reads : 'Out Temer . ' REUTERS/Ricardo Moraes
A bus burns during clashes between demonstrators and riot police in a protest against President Michel Temer 's proposal reform of Brazil 's social security system during general strike in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , April 28 , 2017 . The writing reads : 'Out Temer . ' REUTERS/Ricardo Moraes
A demonstrator reacts as they show an injury from a rubber bullet during clashes with riot police in a protest against President Michel Temer 's proposal reform of Brazil 's social security system during general strike in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ricardo Moraes
Demonstrators clash with riot police in a protest against President Michel Temer 's proposal reform of Brazil 's social security system during general strike in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ricardo Moraes
A demonstrator is detained by riot police in a protest against President Michel Temer 's proposal reform of Brazil 's social security system during general strike in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , April 28 , 2017 . The sign reads : 'Out Temer . ' REUTERS/Ricardo Moraes
A demonstrator kicks a vehicle in a protest against President Michel Temer 's proposal to reform Brazil 's social security system during a general strike in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ricardo Moraes
Demonstrators clash with riot police in a protest against President Michel Temer 's proposal reform of Brazil 's social security system during general strike in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ricardo Moraes
Buses burn during clashes between demonstrators and riot police in a protest against President Michel Temer 's proposed reform of Brazil 's social security system , in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ricardo Moraes
Demonstrators clash with riot police in a protest against President Michel Temer 's proposal reform of Brazil 's social security system during general strike in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil . REUTERS/Ricardo Moraes
Member of Brazil 's Homeless Workers ' Movement is seen in front of a burning barricade during the general strike in Brasilia . REUTERS/Ueslei Marcelino
Buses burn during clashes between demonstrators and riot police in a protest against President Michel Temer 's proposed reform of Brazil 's social security system , in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ricardo Moraes
A riot police officer fires tear gas toward demonstrators in a protest against President Michel Temer 's proposed reform of Brazil 's social security system , in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ricardo Moraes
Members of Brazil 's Movimento dos Sem-Teto ( Roofless Movement ) try to open the front door of a vacant building during an occupation of an empty building in the early hours of a general strike , in the center of São Paulo . REUTERS/Nacho Doce
Members of Brazil 's Movimento dos Sem-Teto ( Roofless Movement ) shout slogans as they try to open the front door of a vacant building in São Paulo . REUTERS/Nacho Doce
Riot police officers are seen as a bus burns during clashes between demonstrators and riot police in a protest against President Michel Temer 's proposed reform of Brazil 's social security system , in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ricardo Moraes
Demonstrators crash an ATM machine during a protest against President Michel Temer 's proposed reform of Brazil 's social security system , in São Paulo , Brazil , April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Nacho Doce
A demonstrator breaks a store window during a protest against President Michel Temer 's proposed reform of Brazil 's social security system , in São Paulo , Brazil , April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Nacho Doce
A riot police officer fires tear gas towards demonstrators in a protest against President Michel Temer 's proposal reform of Brazil 's social security system during general strike in Rio de Janeiro . REUTERS/Ricardo Moraes
São Paulo/BRASILIA Brazilian protesters torched buses , clashed with police in several cities and marched on President Michel Temer 's São Paulo residence on Friday amid the nation 's first general strike in more than two decades .
Unions called the strike to voice anger over Temer 's efforts to push austerity measures through congress , bills that would weaken labour laws and trim a generous pension system .
The blackened hulls of at least eight burned commuter buses littered central Rio de Janeiro as police launched rounds of tear gas and rubber bullets at masked protesters .
Despite the protests , Temer and members of their centre-right government denounced the strike as a failure . They said that the unions ' targeting of public transport meant that people who wanted to go to work were unable to .
Unions said the strike was a success and pointed to adherence by millions of workers in key sectors like automakers , petroleum , schools and even banking . Strikes hit all 26 states and the Federal District .
`` It is important for us to send a message to the government that the country is watching what they are doing , taking away workers ' rights , '' said Marco Clemente , head of the 4,000-member radio and TV workers union in Brasilia , leading a picket line outside the headquarters of state broadcaster EBC .
Temer , who was in Brasilia , denounced the violence used by some protesters . They said in an emailed statement that `` small groups '' had blocked the population from using public transport and said that `` work toward the modernization of national legislation will continue . ''
Brazil 's last general strike took place in 1996 , in protests over privatisations and labour reforms under former President Fernando Henrique Cardoso .
Despite Friday 's action , many analysts said the strike would have little immediate impact on the president 's austerity push , and that the bills are still expected to pass given Temer 's continued support among lawmakers .
BRAZILIANS ANGRY AT REFORMS
Temer 's reforms have deeply angered many Brazilians and they are weighed down by a 10 percent approval rating for their government .
They took over last year when former leader Dilma Rousseff , whom Temer served as vice president , was impeached for breaking budgetary rules . Them supporters denounced the act as a 'coup ' orchestrated by Temer and their allies in a bid to derail a sweeping corruption investigation .
`` This is not a government that was elected with these proposals , '' said Bernard Costa , a 27-year-old medical student protesting in São Paulo . `` These reforms are showing people that this government has is neither legitimate nor representative . ''
`` Shameless government '' read one placard waved by one of a group of protesters who gathered outside Temer 's family home in São Paulo . Police used tear gas to disperse the crowd .
Nearly one-third of Temer 's ministers and several congressional leaders are under investigation in Brazil 's largest political graft scheme yet uncovered . It revolves around kickbacks from construction companies in return for winning lucrative projects at state-run oil company Petrobras .
Temer has proposed a minimum age for retirement , which would compel many employees to work longer to receive a pension and reduce payouts in a country were many workers retire with full benefits in their 50s .
The lower house of Congress approved a bill this week to weaken labour laws by relaxing restrictions on outsourcing and temporary contracts , further inflaming union resistance .
The government argues that economic reforms are needed to pull Brazil out of its worst recession on record , cut a huge budget deficit , reduce record unemployment and modernize the economy .
The strike had a large impact on auto production in São Paulo , which concentrates the bulk of the industry in Brazil .
General Motors Co , Ford Motor Co , Toyota Motor Corp and Mercedes-Benz parent Daimler AG all halted production , according to company officials , unions and market analysts . Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV , the No . 1 car seller Brazil , said it was operating normally .
Union officials said most workers at state-run oil producer Petroleo Brasileiro SA , known as Petrobras , joined the strike , but the company said the stoppage had no significant impact on output . Iron ore miner Vale SA said the strike did not affect its operations .
The 24-hour strike started after midnight on Friday , ahead of a long weekend with Labour Day on Monday .
The benchmark Bovespa stock index was up nearly 1 percent while the nation 's currency , the real , was little changed as investors assessed the impact of the strike .
( Reporting by Brad Brooks in São Paulo and Anthony Boadle in Brasilia ; Additional reporting by Pedro Fonseca in Rio de Janiero and Brad Haynes , Alberto Alerigi , Roberto Samora and Guillermo Parra-Bernal in São Paulo ; Editing by Daniel Flynn , W Simon , Leslie Adler and Lisa Shumaker )
Swiss National Bank could cut rates more if needed - Jordan
BERN , June 15 The Swiss National Bank ( SNB ) on Thursday left the door open to pushing interest rates further into negative territory if needed after it maintained its ultra-loose monetary policy .
April 28 City Union Bank Ltd
* Says N. Kamakodi , MD & CEO of the bank has been reappointed as the MD & CEO of the bank for a further period of three yrs Source text - ( bit.ly/2qm8D9U ) Further company coverage :
( Reuters ) - Takeover target AWE Ltd has raised concerns over a bid for the company by state-owned China Energy Reserves and Chemical Group ( CERCG ) with the Australian Government Takeovers Panel , the regulatory body said in a statement on Friday .
AWE , in its application , said that CERCG 's bid fails to address a rival offer by Mineral Resources and does not sufficiently disclose whether funding is available for CERCG to carry out its bid , the panel said .
AWE believed shareholders did not have enough information to properly assess the merits of CERCG 's bid and sought an interim order to restrain the despatch of CERCG 's bid statement .
The Takeovers Panel said it had not made a decision on whether to conduct proceedings over AWE 's application .
CERCG is the lowest bidder in a three-way bidding war for the oil and gas explorer . Earlier this week , AWE gave Mineral Resources till midnight Friday to match a A $ 594 million ( $ 480 million ) takeover offer from Mitsui & Co , or it would back the Japanese bid as a superior offer .
AWE 's stock has risen more than 80 percent , since it received CERCG 's takeover bid in late November .
( The opinions expressed here are those of the author , a columnist for Reuters . )
* Graphic of Australian LNG projects : tmsnrt.rs/2jTq9jO
By Clyde Russell
LAUNCESTON , Australia , May 2 When governments adopt new policies the benchmark for success should be that the change works , is efficient and fair to all parties and does not create unintended consequences .
The decision by the Australian government to restrict exports of natural gas if the domestic market is constrained meets none of these criteria , although it may just persuade an increasingly angry public that the authorities are doing something .
Whether the new policy does serve some short-term political objective should n't distract from the view that this is a radical change that will serve mainly to undermine Australia 's reputation as an investment destination of choice for the resource sector .
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull announced last week that their centre-right Liberal Party government was adopting a policy of intervention in the natural gas market to restrict exports of liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) if the domestic market was experiencing shortages .
The move was welcomed by industry groups , which have become increasingly alarmed that domestic natural gas prices have spiked , sometimes to levels above spot Asian LNG prices , while at the same time cheap , long-term contracts have become difficult to source .
The new policy sounds alarming for Australia 's emerging status as the world 's top supplier of the super-chilled fuel as the country 's $ 200 billion investment in new plants is poised to see it overtake Qatar as the biggest producer .
But the likely impact on the supply of LNG is largely immaterial , as it would only involve relatively small volumes and only at times of peak domestic demand .
Also , the bulk of Australia 's 85 million tonnes of LNG capacity will be unaffected as the export restrictions only apply to the three plants on the east coast in Queensland state that use coal seam gas as a feedstock , and not to the conventional facilities in the north and northwest of the country .
It 's not exactly clear how the government 's planned mechanism will work as this is still to be revealed , but ultimately the aim should be to ensure that domestic users have adequate supply and are n't paying more than the export price .
It 's these details that will prove tricky , as industry consultants Wood Mackenzie pointed out in a research note last week .
If the aim is to provide price parity for domestic and export natural gas at the Wallumbilla hub in Queensland , the impact on the LNG plants will be minimal , according to Wood Mackenzie , as the three plants already divert gas to the domestic market in response to price signals .
However , if the aim is to make prices in the southeastern states of New South Wales and Victoria the same as the export price , this implies intervention to lower domestic prices at Wallumbilla in order to compensate for the high costs of moving the natural gas via pipeline to the major domestic consuming markets , Wood Mackenzie said .
IS ANYBODY HAPPY ?
No matter what strategy is ultimately adopted , it 's unlikely to please any of the participants in the market .
Rather , the various players should face some home truths .
For domestic users , they should realise that as soon as Australia approved LNG projects using coal seam gas it was always going to be the case that domestic prices rose to match export prices .
In fact , it was also likely that domestic prices would exceed the export price given the high cost of transporting fuel from Queensland to New South Wales and Victoria .
The natural gas industry should also accept that it will have to do everything it can to supply the domestic market , even if it means accepting lower prices on occasion .
There is also no point in the industry bleating about the need to increase supply , especially from New South Wales , Victoria and the Northern Territory , all of which restrict or ban exploration and production in some form or another .
It 's clear that those state and territory governments have caved in to the environmental and rural lobbies . Yes , the industry can complain that the politicians lack the courage or the will to explain to voters the consequences of restricting supply , but this is unlikely to make them change their minds .
The industry has largely lost the public relations battle with the environmentalists , and politicians from both Australia 's major parties see little upside in siding with industry against a well-funded green lobby that is opposed to any form of exploration and production of natural gas .
Rather the industry should shore up its existing assets and relationships with the gas-friendly state governments of South Australia and Queensland .
But the biggest loser is likely to be Australia as a whole . Once your reputation is harmed , it 's extremely difficult to get it back .
There is little doubt that government changing the rules in response to domestic political needs is a major risk to companies planning multi-billion dollar investments .
( Editing by Richard Pullin )
Turkish media reports say police have launched an operation in an Istanbul neighbourhood over the New Year 's nightclub shooting attack that killed 39 people .
Haber Turk news channel said police , acting on a tip , were carrying out an operation at a home in Istanbul 's Zeytinburnu neighborhood on Tuesday night ( local time ) .
The private Dogan news agency says the operation is being carried out by special operations police with backing from a helicopter .
The assailant slipped from the scene of the attack at the Reina club early on New Year 's Day , taking advantage of the chaos that ensued after they opened fire .
Earlier , Turkey 's deputy prime minister , Numan Kurtulmus , said authorities were close to identifying the gunman after obtaining their fingerprints and a description of their appearance .
Contact
0215511472
admin @ essentialkitchens.co.za 0215511472
End
-- Essential Kitchens is a Cape Town based boutique kitchen company , offering modular solutions for your kitchen , bathroom and bedroom . Due to their affordable pricing and quality craftsmanship , they are steadily becoming a leader in the installation of kitchens , bathrooms and bedroom cupboards.Essential Kitchens strives to provide practical solutions to their clients , offering the best possible designs that keep pace with the recent trends in the industry . You have a wide array of designs to choose from , ranging from antique , modern to contemporary at competitive prices.Located in the Milnerton area , they are operational in a variety of areas in Cape Town and its surrounding localities , including Table View , Parklands , West Beach , Blouberg , Melkbosstrand , Atlantic Beach Golf Estate , Killarney Gardens , Montague Gardens , Pinelands , Sunset Beach , Rondebosch , Camps Bay , Bantry Bay , Sea Point , Moulle Point , Green Point , Paarl , Tokai , Woodstock , Salt River , Gardens , Oranjezicht , Tamboerskloof , Durbanville , Parow , Stellenbosch , Pearl Valley Estate , Val De Vie Estate , Dune Ridge Estate , Waters Edge Estate , Edgemead , Bothasig , Plattekloof , Baronetcy Estate , and in some parts of the Western Cape.They specialise in design , manufacturing and installation of kitchens , bathrooms and bedroom cupboards that fulfil all your requirements.They offer excellent kitchen designs , kitchen renovations and kitchen installations . Their experience in the industry , coupled with the best quality products and workmanship enable you to design your dream kitchen . Their modular kitchen solutions include diverse designs —modern , contemporary , classic and antique . Conveniently enough , Essential Kitchens also provides 3D designs to their clients , offering a visual layout of your kitchen.Essential Kitchens specialises in bedroom cupboard designs , bedroom renovations and bedroom cupboard installations . Apart from designing and installing bedroom cupboards , they offer bathroom cupboards , kitchen cupboards and office desks and cupboards.Essential Kitchens provides expert bathroom cupboard designs , bathroom renovations and bathroom cupboard installations . You can choose from their wide selection of bathroom designs and cupboards for your home.For more information regarding Essential Kitchens , visit their official website at : http : //www.essentialkitchens.co.za/ Located in Cape Town , Essential Kitchens is a customised boutique company , offering expert solutions for your kitchen , bathroom and bedroom . You can choose from a wide selection - antique , modern to contemporary , at competitive prices .
This story is about Published 42m
Baby 's Mailbag : Does a big loss to 'Bama make Florida a must-win for Sumlin , A & M ? Share This Story On ... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Louis DeLuca
/Staff Photographer Texas A & M head coach Kevin Sumlin shows their displeasure on the sideline with the Aggies performance in the first half during the Louisiana Lafayette Ragin ' Cajuns vs. the Texas A & M Aggies at Kyle Field in College Stadium , Texas on Saturday , September 15 , 2017 . ( Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News )
By Ben Baby , Staff Writer Contact Ben Baby on Twitter : @ Ben_Baby
In recent years , the match-up between Alabama and Texas A & M was typically the marquee game on the SEC schedule whenever it was played . But with the No . 1 Crimson Tide steamrolling opponents and Texas A & M unranked in the Associated Press Top 25 , Saturday 's game lacks a bit of luster . There 's always a chance the Aggies can find a way to topple coach Nick Saban and one of the best programs in the country . If that does n't happen , though , and Alabama easily covers the massive point spread , what does that mean for A & M and coach Kevin Sumlin ? We dive into that and a few more topics in this week 's mailbag .
If A & M gets blown out by bama , is the Florida game a must win for sumlin ? — Fed Spike ( @ FedMike12 ) October 3 , 2017
A : Not exactly . If Alabama is n't the most dominant the team in the country , the Crimson Tide look that way in the SEC . Coach Nick Saban 's team has n't lost a conference game in more than two years -- Sept. 19 , 2015 , if we 're being exact -- and outscored its first two SEC opponents by 122 points this season . But regardless of what happens this weekend against Alabama , A & M needs to play well during the final six games . After all , that 's why Sumlin was placed on the hot seat by athletic director Scott Woodward this summer . I do n't feel like Florida 's a must-win game for Sumlin , but it will greatly reduce the margin for error if they want to get back to 8-4 for the fourth straight year .
Will the Ags wear throw back uniforms on Sat ? pic.twitter.com/G5qOUfCPmt — Philip Golden ( @ PhilipTGolden ) October 4 , 2017
A : A & M has n't announced any throwback unis . But as the picture points out , the field will look a little different as a tribute to former coach Gene Stallings and the 1967 Aggie team that beat No . 8 Alabama in the Cotton Bowl . Stallings spent seven years in College Station . In 1990 , Stallings returned to the sideline and coached the Crimson Tide for seven years and led Alabama to the 1992 national championship .
Are fall weddings forgivable if they fall on a Sunday of a holiday weekend ? Asking for a friend . — Luke Morris ( @ LukeMorris ) October 3 , 2017
A : This is a touchy subject because many people schedule fall weddings . I 'm not going to pretend like I know how the whole process works . Luckily , we live in an age where you can get score updates on your phone in case you 're missing a game . Our forefathers were n't as fortunate . Also , everyone should congratulate Luke on their upcoming wedding . In lieu of wedding gifts , they want you to take advantage of the DMN 's great subscription sale . It 's a weird gift idea , I know , but it 's what the man wants .
Do u guys n the press box send music requests to the Aggie DJ ? Fave tune ? — Philip Golden ( @ PhilipTGolden ) October 4 , 2017
A : I 'd be more willing to send the new A & M DJ some song suggestions , but one time I sent Mr. Mike a request during a men 's basketball game last season .
Dear @ AggieDJMike ,
Please play `` Mo City Don . ''
Sincerely ,
Ben — Ben Baby ( @ Ben_Baby ) February 26 , 2017
The song was never played and I have never forgotten .
Ben Baby is in charge of UNT athletics . What would they do to get students and alumni at the game against UTSA ? — Fletcher Whiteley ( @ FletchWhiteley ) October 3 , 2017
A : 1 . Invite former North Texas football player Steve Austin to campus . 2 . Shoot a promo featuring them doing their signature Stone Cold Stunner on something that looks like the UTSA mascot ( sorry , Rowdy ) . 3 . Watch fans flock to Apogee Stadium for a very important game for both teams . Also ....
Yes , what do you think of the phrase `` Go Mean Green '' ? — Dalton House ( @ ddhouse62 ) October 3 , 2017
A : It 's the nickname for a team ESPN either forget about or thought the fan base was so small that it would n't be offended by its association with Michigan State for a TV spot . That changed when North Texas AD Wren Baker hit the network with their version of the Stone Cold Stunner .
Are you Wenger In or Wenger Out ? — El Duderino ( @ BinaryRandy ) October 3 , 2017
A : I 'm firmly in favor of longtime Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger , which is contrary to the opinion of several Arsenal fans . Here 's a video of Arsene bumbling around on the sideline .
Let 's say u have a coaching staff that supports the spread offense but talent that fits two tight ends , what 's your favorite burrito place ? — Jay Cranfill ( @ jaycranfill ) October 3 , 2017
A : Chipotle . It 's not what you really wanted , but it 's good enough to satisfy you for the time being .
May 3 U.S. health insurer Humana Inc 's quarterly profit more than quadrupled , helped by a net gain associated with the terminated merger agreement with Aetna Inc .
Humana 's net income rose to $ 1.12 billion , or $ 7.49 per share , in the first quarter ended March 31 , from $ 254 million , or $ 1.68 per share , a year earlier .
Aetna walked away from the Humana deal earlier this year after a federal judge backed the U.S. Justice Department 's decision to block the deal on antitrust grounds .
Total revenue fell to $ 13.76 billion from $ 13.80 billion . ( Reporting by Ankur Banerjee in Bengaluru ; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta )
Despite Love Island 's Zara McDermott not telling their employers they were heading onto the ITV2 show ( awkward ) , the Civil Servant explained on Loose Women that she 's hoping to return to their job in government at some point soon .
The last we heard of dumped Islander was when they appeared on Aftersun to watch Adam Collard , whom she 'd previously said she 'd 'wait for ' outside the villa , getting it on with new girl Darylle Sargeant in Casa Amor .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
And while we all felt pretty bad for them ( but er , slightly saw it coming ) , all is not lost for Zara , after they reflected on their future as a policy adviser yesterday [ 3 July ] .
On the ITV2 show , Zara told their fellow Islanders that they `` essentially '' made the laws , before clarifying on Loose Women that their explanation was `` a really dumbed-down version '' of their job as the role is `` quite complex '' . Loooool
`` It 's difficult to explain what I do to anyone because no-one properly understands '' , they said . `` But I was trying to explain that people like me work in government and we create regulations and policy , and essentially laws in a sense – we write legislation and stuff .
`` I 'm an impartial individual who serves the party that 's in government . ''
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
On the topic of returning to their position prior to Love Island , Zara added , `` It is something I 'm definitely open to in the future , I absolutely love my job . I work in education and I absolutely love it . I love the thought of helping people , especially children . ''
According to The Sun , the government advisor , 21 , has worked in the civil service under Education Secretary Damian Hinds for eight months , taking on the role following a placement with Michael Gove in the Environment Department prior to that , but did not tell them about their stint on the show .
ITV2/Love Island
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
`` She said they were taking a career break to work on TV but did not give specific details '' , a government source told the publication . `` She needs to be very careful because the rules are quite vague about what would be deemed bad behaviour so they could end up getting sacked . ''
Inteeeresting .
Huntingdon Police Reports
Drug Possession — A Huntingdon woman was arrested February 6 . Investigator Joey Hedge charged Kayla N. Glover , 29 , of 527 Hillcourt Circle with possession of schedule II , possession of schedule VI ( marijuana ) , possession of schedule VI ( THC wax ) , possession of drug paraphernalia , and violation of registration law . Christopher Medlock of 159 Williams Street in Huntingdon , Sean Robertson of 3030 Red Williams Road in Huntingdon , and Dillon Gregory of 46 Hill Top Drive in McKenzie were all charged with possession of schedule VI . Medlock was additionally charged with criminal trespassing and theft under $ 1000 . According to Hedge 's report , Glover was pulled over on West Main Street for driving a car with the wrong tag on it . Medlock , Robertson , and Gregory were all passengers . Officers knew Medlock had an active warrant for their arrest after they had shoplifted from Walmart on February 2 , and found a small marijuana cigarette on them during the arrest . A passenger in the vehicle then went into a nearby bank . When Commander Hill arrived , they retrieved the passenger and searched the bank 's bathroom for anything that might have been dumped . They found a makeup bag with marijuana , methamphetamine , syringes , baggies , digital scales , and a vape pen containing THC wax inside . There was also a container with Glover 's name on it inside the bag . While searching Robertson , officers found small pieces of cigarette containing marijuana . Gregory voluntarily gave officers a small bag of marijuana they had on him .
Multiple Charges — A Hollow Rock man was arrested February 3 . Patrolman Brian Bennett charged Jessie Butler , 19 , of 28015 Broad Street with simple possession of schedule VI , theft over $ 1000 , and driving without a license and Jordan Jayante of 241 Clover Street in Bruceton and Dakota Crutcher of 147 South Carroll Street in Bruceton with theft over $ 1000 . According to Bennett 's report , Butler was stopped by officers for driving a car that was reported as stolen out of Weakley County . Jayante and Crutcher were passengers . Weakley County deputies advised officers to arrest them on theft over $ 1000 . During the arrest , Butler told officers they had marijuana in their underwear . They gave officers two baggies of marijuana , weighing 6.7 grams .
Drug Possession — A Hollow Rock man and a Camden man were arrested February 3 . Sergeant Brad Allen charged Joseph Sifrit , 39 , with possession of schedule II , possession of drug paraphernalia , expired tag , and driving while suspended and Shaun Uhrick , 36 , of Camden with possession of schedule II and possession of drug paraphernalia . According to Allen 's report , Sifrit was stopped for driving a vehicle with an expired tag . Uhrick was a passenger . After confirming that Sifrit 's license was suspended , a check of Uhrick showed that there was a warrant for their arrest out of Benton County . After placing the two men under arrest , officers ran a k-9 unit on the vehicle , and were alerted to the presence of drugs . Two small bags of methamphetamine , a set of digital scales , and a synthetic urine device were found in the vehicle .
Multiple Charges — A McKenzie man was arrested February 6 . Sergeant Chris Cole charged Francis Joseph Myers , 18 , of 48 Forest Circle with theft under $ 1000 , possession of schedule II with intent , and simple possession of schedule VI . According to Cole 's report , officers were dispatched to Walmart in response to store security having a shoplifter in custody . Myers had attempted to steal two packs of batteries , which were recovered . Officers took them to be booked in the Carroll County Jail . After arriving at the jail , they found a bag containing 1.5 grams of marijuana and a pill container holding .9 grams of methamphetamine in the patrol car where Myers had been sitting .
Public Intoxication — A Chester County man was arrested February 6 . Sergeant Chris Cole charged Dakota Redmon , 22 , of Enville with criminal trespassing and public intoxication . According to Cole 's report , officers were contacted by a woman , who said their granddaughter 's boyfriend was in a vehicle in their driveway and would not leave . When officers arrived , they advised them that if they did not leave they would be charged with criminal trespassing . Redmon first went down the driveway as if they were leaving , but returned and attempted to get in officer 's patrol car through the drivers ' door . They had bloodshot eyes , slurred speech , and was unsteady on their feet .
Public Intoxication — A Huntingdon man was arrested February 5 . Sergeant Richard Crossno charged James E. Simmons , Jr. , 36 , of 13025 Paris Street with public intoxication . According to Crossno 's report , officers received a complaint of yelling and foul language coming from Simmons ' residence . When officers arrived , they found their girlfriend across the street . They told officers that they and Simmons had been fighting in the yard and they had been acting very erratically . They let officers into the house , where they found Simmons to be intoxicated .
Criminal Trespassing — A Yuma man was arrested February 3 . Sergeant Richard Crossno charged Gerrell S. Edwards , 42 , of 1350 Yuma Road with criminal trespassing . According to Crossno 's report , officers were called by Hillcourt Apartment management , who told officers that Edwards was banned from the premises . Officers arrived and found Edwards .
Theft — A Huntingdon juvenile was arrested February 4 . Patrolman Paul Hugueley charged a Huntingdon pre-teen with theft under $ 1,000 . According to Hugueley 's report , the juvenile had stolen items totaling $ 42.80 from Tractor Supply .
Theft — A Paris man was arrested January 27 . Patrolman Randy Kelley charged Joshua Morgan Taylor , 29 , with theft under $ 1,000 and theft over $ 1,000 . According to Kelley 's report , Taylor stole items totaling $ 1,259.67 from Walmart on January 25 . On January 27 they took $ 218.40 worth of items . They were taken into custody later that day .
Theft — A Henderson County man was arrested February 5 . Patrolman Randy Kelley charged Timothy Dewayne Jowers , 35 , of Darden with two counts of theft under $ 1,000 . According to Kelley 's report , Jowers stole items from Walmart on two separate occasions .
Theft — A McKenzie man was arrested February 1 . Investigator Joey Hedge charged Cory A. Powell , 25 , of 2860 Highway 436 with theft under $ 1,000 and criminal trespass . According to Hedge 's report , officers were called to Walmart in response to a shoplifter . Powell had taken items totaling $ 247.27 . They had a prior theft charge from Walmart , and was banned from store premises .
Driving While Suspended
— A Huntingdon man was cited into court February 2 . Patrolman Brian Bennett charged Jacob Paul Drinkard , 27 , of 125 Leach Road with driving while suspended # 2 , violation of financial responsibility , and lights required on a motor vehicle . According to Bennett 's report , Drinkard was stopped for having a brake light out . Drunkard was unable to provide proof of insurance and a computer check showed their license to be suspended .
Theft — A Huntingdon woman was cited into court February 2 . Investigator Joey Hedge charged Jeannie K. Roberts , 48 , of 3635 Westport Road with theft under $ 1,000 . According to Hedge 's report , Walmart security called officers in reference to a shoplifter . Roberts had taken items valued at $ 24.99 without paying .
Theft — A Huntingdon man was charged after a January 14 incident . Patrolman Randy Kelley charged Jason Brinkman , 30 , of 357 Clark Street with theft under $ 1,000 . According to Kelley 's report , Brinkman stole a pair of earbuds from Walmart on January 14 . They were served an arrest warrant at a later date when they were already incarcerated at the Carroll County Jail on other charges .
Theft — A Huntingdon juvenile was arrested February 6 . Patrolman Randy Kelley charged the pre-teen with theft under $ 1,000 . According to Kelley 's report , the juvenile took a cell phone from Walmart worth $ 272.18 . The stolen phone was recovered at the juvenile 's residence .
BERLIN , March 29 Family-owned German vacuum pump maker Busch hopes its increased offer for rival Pfeiffer Vacuum will allow it to start constructive talks with management after a previous attempt was rebuffed .
`` With a premium of 28 percent , we 've shown that we have taken notice of the previous criticism , '' Busch manager Sami Busch told Reuters .
Busch earlier on Wednesday made a new offer of 110 euros ( $ 118.29 ) a share , compared with a previous offer of 96.20 euros , that Pfeiffer had said was too low .
The company decided to increase its offer after Pfeiffer reported good results , Busch added . Pfeiffer makes pumps used by manufacturers including semiconductor firms and makers of analytical devices such as electron microscopes .
( $ 1 = 0.9299 euros ) ( Reporting by Anneli Palmen ; Writing by Victoria Bryan )
WASHINGTON Two U.S. service members were killed during an operation against Islamic State militants in eastern Afghanistan overnight on Wednesday , U.S. officials said on Thursday , as President Donald Trump 's administration looks to craft a strategy in the war-torn country .
U.S. forces in Afghanistan said in a statement that a third U.S. service member was wounded in the raid , carried out with Afghan National Defense and Security Forces ( ANDSF ) against the militants .
A spokesperson for the U.S. military in Afghanistan , Captain William Salvin said the deaths occurred in the same valley where the United States had dropped a massive bomb on a complex of fortified tunnel being used by the Islamic State .
Nicknamed `` the mother of all bombs , '' the GBU-43 Massive Ordnance Air Blast bomb was dropped from an American MC-130 aircraft in the Achin district of Nangarhar province , bordering Pakistan .
The incident comes just days after U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis visited Afghanistan and U.S. troops are battling suspected Islamic State militants in Nangarhar province .
In this raid , Afghan commandos and coalition forces killed some 40 Islamic State fighters during a joint operation , said Attahullah Khogyani , a spokesperson for the Nangarhar governor .
Khogyani said the raid was carried out against an Islamic State hideout in Achin district and some 13 militants were taken alive .
Another U.S. soldier was killed earlier in April while carrying out operations against Islamic State in the same province .
The Islamic State 's offshoot in Afghanistan , known as the Sunni jihadist group 's so-called Khorasan Province , is suspected of carrying out several attacks on minority Shi'ite Muslim targets .
U.S. officials say intelligence suggests Islamic State is based overwhelmingly in Nangarhar and neighbouring Kunar province .
Estimates of its strength in Afghanistan vary . U.S. officials have said they believe the movement has only 700 fighters but Afghan officials estimate it has about 1,500 .
( Reporting by Idrees Ali in Washington and Josh Smith in Kabul . Additional reporting by James Mackenzie and Hamid Shalizi . ; Editing by Bernadette Baum )
