GREENVILLE – St. Mary 's Catholic Community will host a day of prayer and renewal from 8 a.m. to 3 p.m. on Tuesday at St. Mary Church .
The theme is “ strengthening families and family values through our faith. ” Sister Marie Day and Michael and Margaret Fenelon will share strategies for protecting and strengthening families through faith .
There will be a light lunch provided . Childcare will be provided .
Reservations are required . Call 937-916-5020 or 937-417-1305 to make a reservation . Guests are asked to advise if they will bring children so adequate child care providers will be available .
There will be no charge for this informative day .
A surge in full-time work fuelled a 10th-straight month of net job gains to match the economy 's longest monthly streak since the financial crisis nine years ago , Statistics Canada said Friday .
September 's unemployment rate stayed at a nine-year low of 6.2 per cent after country added 10,000 net new jobs , including 112,000 full-time positions .
The rise in full-time work more than offset a drop of 102,000 part-time jobs , however , last month 's job gains were entirely driven by growth in public-sector employment .
The September figures also showed yet another improvement in the important indicator of wage growth . Compared to the year before , the report said average hourly wages grew at the above-inflation pace of 2.2 per cent , for the biggest increase since April 2016 .
READ MORE : Sears Canada seeks court approval to close more B.C . stores
READ MORE : Economist , union president named to Fair Wages Commission
The numbers show the employment increase was also concentrated in factory work as the goods-producing sector added 10,500 jobs , compared to a loss of 500 positions in the services industry .
The survey detected a gain of 10,800 paid employee jobs , while the number of people who described themselves as self-employed , including unpaid workers in family businesses , fell by 800 .
Statistics Canada said Ontario gained 34,700 jobs in September for its fourth monthly increase in five months and , compared to a year earlier , the province 's employment was 2.4 per cent higher . Manitoba shed 5,500 positions for its first notable decline since April 2016 , the report said .
Overall , the national numbers show that Canada 's year-over-year employment expanded 1.8 per cent with the addition of 319,700 net new jobs , of which more than 90 per cent were full-time positions .
The run of 10-consecutive months of job creation marked the country 's longest streak of total employment gains since February 2008 .
Andy Blatchford , The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
COLOMBO , April 5 The Sri Lankan rupee ended weaker in dull trade on Wednesday as late importer dollar demand outpaced the early gains from inward remittances and exporter greenback sales ahead of the festival season , dealers said .
The central bank cut the spot rupee reference rate by 10 cents to 151.60 , dealers said .
Rupee forwards were active , with two-week forwards ending at 152.50/65 per dollar , from Tuesday 's close of 152.40/50 .
`` There was some late importer dollar demand . The market was dull and the pressure on the rupee seem to be still prevailing despite rate hike , '' said a currency dealer who did not wish to be named .
The rupee has been under pressure due to dollar demand to meet increased seasonal imports ahead of the traditional new year that is celebrated on April 13-14 , dealers said .
The central bank raised interest rates by 25 basis points on March 24 , for the first time in eight months , saying tighter policy was a precaution against a build-up of inflationary pressures .
The rate hike was expected to help stabilise the rupee as rising imports and outflows due to rupee bond sales by foreign investors have exerted pressure on the currency , analysts said .
Foreign investors net sold government securities worth 950 million rupees ( $ 6.26 million ) in the week ended March 29 . They have net sold 64.2 billion rupees of such instruments so far this year . ( $ 1 = 151.7000 Sri Lankan rupees ) ( Reporting by Shihar Aneez ; Editing by Sunil Nair )
Jimmy Kimmel made their emotional return to late-night with their son Billy in their arms !
The 7-month-old baby boy co-starred in their famous dad 's opening monologue on Monday , with Kimmel , 50 , one week after they their second heart surgery .
“ I was out last week – because this guy had heart surgery . But look he 's fine everybody , they may have pooped but he 's fine , ” the 2018 Oscars host told viewers as they held back tears . “ Daddy cries on TV but Billy doesn't… it 's unbelievable . ”
Later adding , “ Billy is doing great , by the way . They have one more surgery – this is amazing – they had an operation a week ago . They say he 'll probably on track to win at least a bronze medal at the Olympics in 2036 . ”
Monday 's monologue was the first time baby Billy appeared on the ABC program since their birth in April , and was a happier occasion in comparison to the tearful address in May when Kimmel announced their son 's first open-heart surgery when they were 3-days-old .
The tiny tot suffers from the congenital heart condition tetralogy of Fallot with pulmonary atresia .
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements , plus celebrity mom blogs ? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter .
Jimmy Kimmel Live
And similarly to when they championed for universal healthcare , Kimmel also made an impassioned speech about Children 's Health Insurance Program ( CHIP ) .
“ It covers around nine million American kids whose parents make too much money to qualify for Medicaid , but do n't have access to affordable coverage through their jobs . Which means it almost certainly covers children you know . About one in eight children are covered only by CHIP , ” they said .
“ And it 's not controversial . It 's not a partisan thing . The last time funding for CHIP was reauthorized was in 2015 , it passed with a vote of 392 to 37 in the House and 92 to 8 in the Senate , ” Kimmel explained .
CHIP , which was created in 1997 , is now in limbo due to Congress not agreeing on a plan to renew funds after the program ran out of money on Sept. 30 .
Jimmy and Billy Kimmel in September Jimmy Kimmel/Instagram
“ Overwhelmingly Democrats and Republicans supported it . Until now . Now – CHIP has become a bargaining chip . It 's on the back-burner while they work out their new tax plans Which means parents of children with cancer and diabetes and heart problems – are about to get letters – saying their coverage – cut be cut off next month . Merry Christmas , right ? ” Kimmel said .
The star ended their monologue with a plea to fans and audiences .
“ If these were potato chips they were taking away from us – we would be marching on Washington with pitchforks and spears right now . So once again , I 'm asking you – Billy 's asking you — to make two phone calls you should n't have to make , ” Kimmel said asking people to call ( 202 ) 225-3121 to speak to representatives in the House and Senate .
Kimmel and wife Molly McNearney also share a 3-year-old daughter , Jane . The host has two older children – Kevin and Katie – from a previous relationship .
Jimmy Kimmel Live airs weeknights ( 11:35 p.m . ET ) .
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
Garoppolo was sacked twice and hit nine times in the game . They delivered passes on target throughout the game even with defenders in their face .
Dealing with pressure in a game setting is something Shanahan has n't been able to simulate on the practice field during their brief time with the team . Garoppolo was acquired via trade in late October .
`` We learn something every time we play with him . It 's nice to have film , two games to go off of . It will be nice to have more . But we 're still learning him , we 'll continue to learn them throughout the year , '' Shanahan said .
Shanahan said Brown , who missed two of the past three games with a shoulder injury , may not play Sunday against Tennessee . It was decided over the weekend that they would sit against Houston after the injury worsened since they played the previous week in Chicago .
`` I have no expectations with it . Hopefully I 'll get more information here in the next couple of days , '' Shanahan said .
Rookie cornerback Ahkello Witherspoon , who left Sunday 's game in the fourth quarter with a knee injury , had an MRI on Monday that showed no structural damage , which was better news than Shanahan was expecting .
`` He 'll be day to day . We 'll see them when they come in Wednesday to have an idea if they can practice , be limited or what their status will be , '' Shanahan said .
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By The Associated Press
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Seed Potatoes Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market . The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth , market demands , business strategies , consumption volume , market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025 . New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations , reliability and quality issues . The Prominent Manufacturers included Company12 .
The Seed Potatoes Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly . The research report analyzes the market size , industry share , growth , key segments , CAGR and key drivers . In this part , the report presents the company profile , product specifications , capacity , production value , and 2013-2018 market shares for each company . Through the statistical analysis , the report depicts the global total market of Seed Potatoes industry including capacity , production , production value , cost/profit , supply/demand and import/export . The total market is further divided by company , by country , and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis .
Request for Sample Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-seed-potatoes-market/10150/ # requestforsample
The Seed Potatoes Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market , market shares , and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers . The Porter 's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist business people in recognizing the spirited background of the market . This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market , and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness , rate of development , and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost , revenue , volume delivered ( in kilo tons ) and the income it produces ( in US $ ) , demand and supply data ( as applicable ) . The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis .
Geographically , this report is portioned into a few key Regions , with generation , utilization , income ( million USD ) , piece of the pie and development rate in these areas , from 2018 to 2025 ( gauge ) , covering United States , China , Europe , Japan , Southeast Asia , India and Rest of World .
Seed Potatoes Market Products Type Segmentation : GMOs , non-GMOs .
Seed Potatoes Market Applications Segmentation : Santific Research , Farm , Others .
Key Highlights of the Seed Potatoes Market :
1 ) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth , constraints , opportunities , practicableness study .
2 ) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments .
3 ) It depicts parameters such as production value , capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers .
4 ) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market .
5 ) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies .
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-seed-potatoes-market/10150/ # inquiry
In the conclusion , The Seed Potatoes market downstream consumer analysis , upstream raw materials , different types of equipment are concealed in the report . Research findings , conclusions , industry feasibility analysis , vendors and traders involved , appendix data and figures in the form of tables , graphs , and pie-charts .
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports . You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store , which covers global industry and the regional markets . All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips .
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales @ indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone : +1 202 888 3519
Web : https : //www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
FORT LORAMIE – The Tri-Village softball team lost games to Fort Loramie and Riverside in a tournament on Saturday at Fort Loramie .
Tri-Village lost the opening game to Fort Loramie 15-5 in five innings .
Tri-Village took a 3-0 lead in the top of the first then Fort Loramie scored five runs in the bottom half of the inning . Both teams scored one run in the second inning then Loramie added two runs in both the third and fourth innings to lead 10-4 . Tri-Village scored one run in the top of the fifth , and Fort Loramie scored five runs in the bottom half of the inning .
Tri-Village had eight hits and four errors in the game while Fort Loramie had 12 hits and two errors .
Kloey Murphey was 2-for-3 with a double and scored two runs . Peyton Bietry was 2-for-2 and scored a run . Breeann Lipps went 1-for-2 with two stolen bases and a run .
Madi Foreman was 1-for-3 with a RBI and a run . Hala Faulkner went 1-for-2 . Jadyn Sharp was 1-for-3 . Breanna Locke walked once and drove in a run . Kelsie Wehr walked twice .
Faulkner was charged with the loss as they allowed nine earned runs and four unearned runs on 10 hits , three walks , two hit batters and one strikeout . Sharp allowed two earned runs on one hit , three walks and two hit batters .
Tri-Village lost the second game of the day to Riverside 11-0 in five innings .
Riverside scored four runs in the second inning , five in the fourth and two in the fifth while holding Tri-Village scoreless .
Tri-Village had three hits and one error while Riverside had nine hits and no errors .
Murphey was 1-for-3 with a stolen base . Wehr went 1-for-2 and stole a base . Bietry was 1-for-3 . Lipps walked and stole a base . Foreman drew a walk .
Loraligh Waters was charged with the loss as they pitched the complete game and allowed 11 earned runs on nine hits , four walks , four hit batters and four strikeouts .
Tri-Village fell to 2-7 with Saturday 's losses .
http : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/04/web1_Tri-Village-logo-WEB-10.jpg
By Kyle Shaner kshaner @ aimmediamidwest.com
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316 . Follow me on Twitter @ KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360 . For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com .
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316 . Follow me on Twitter @ KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360 . For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com .
FILE PHOTO : Tesla Chief Executive , Elon Musk enters the lobby of Trump Tower in Manhattan , New York , U.S. , January 6 , 2017 . REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton/File Photo
SAN FRANCISCO/DETROIT A group of Tesla Inc ( TSLA.O ) investors has urged the luxury electric carmaker to add two new independent directors to its board , without ties to Chief Executive Elon Musk , to `` provide a critical check on possible dysfunctional group dynamics . ''
A defiant Musk took to Twitter on Wednesday afternoon to suggest the investors buy stock in Ford Motor Co ( F.N ) instead . The Ford family controls the Detroit automaker through two classes of stock .
In a letter dated Monday , five investment groups including the California State Teachers Retirement System , Hermes Equity Ownership Services and CtW Investment Group urged Tesla to have all of its directors re-elected annually .
`` We expect that as companies make the transition to publicly-traded status , the governance structures and practices in place at the time of the IPO will evolve to align with the company 's changing strategy , '' the letter reads . `` However , Tesla 's seven-member board is largely unchanged from its pre-IPO days . ''
Led by the enigmatic Musk , Tesla recently became the most valuable U.S. car company , passing General Motors Co ( GM.N ) for the top spot .
Tesla 's market value has since slipped to just shy of GM 's . As of Wednesday , the market cap of the Silicon Valley automaker was $ 50.3 billion , while GM 's was $ 50.8 billion .
`` This investor group should buy Ford stock , '' Musk posted on Twitter on Wednesday afternoon . `` Their governance is amazing ... ''
Musk then said on Twitter that they would follow up soon on an earlier promise to appoint more independent directors , `` but this ( investor ) group has nothing to do with it . ''
Over the past month , Tesla stock has surged 35 percent as investors bet that Musk will revolutionize the automobile and energy industries . The shares closed down 3.8 percent at $ 296.84 in Wednesday 's trading on Nasdaq , however .
Among those on Tesla 's board is Kimbal Musk , the CEO 's brother , and Brad Buss , who served as chief financial officer at SolarCity Corp , which the electric carmaker acquired last year .
The $ 2 billion stock deal for the money-losing installer of residential solar power systems , prompted a 13 percent fall in Tesla 's share price after Musk outlined it last June .
The Palo Alto , California-based company is rushing to launch its mass-market Model 3 sedan in the second half of this year and quickly ramp up its factory to hit a production target of 500,000 cars per year in 2018 .
Last year Tesla sold 76,230 vehicles , missing its target of at least 80,000 cars sold . By comparison , GM sold 10 million cars and Ford sold 6.7 million .
( Additional reporting by David Shepardson in New York , Vishal Sridhar in Bengaluru ; Editing by G Crosse and Tom Brown )
The excitement around Idaho 's state capital culinary scene has nothing to do with potatoes . Tour one of the area 's more than 30 wineries—like much-lauded Cinder and Split Rail—in the Snake River Valley . Book a room at the Modern , a former seedy motel turned hip hotel , and kick back and plot your next meal—try a Belgian breakfast at Waffle Me Up . ( Get the recipe for their Liège Waffle HERE . ) At night venture out to the Central Idaho Dark Sky Reserve , which offers some of the best stargazing on the planet .
April 3 Pengrowth Energy Corp
* Pengrowth reduces indebtedness by CDN $ 530 million following prepayment of US $ 300 million of notes and redemption of convertible debentures
* Following repayment , redemption , co 's debt as at March 31 , 2017 , falls to cdn $ 1.15 billion Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
May 2 T-mobile Us Inc :
* T-Mobile announces plans for real nationwide mobile 5G
* T-Mobile U.S. Inc - will use a portion of its $ 8 billion , low-band 600 mhz spectrum to deliver 5G coverage
* Says 5G rollout is expected to begin in 2019 with a target of 2020 for full nationwide coverage
* T-Mobile U.S. Inc- expects to deploy 5G in its low-band 600 mhz spectrum across its existing nationwide macro network Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Qatar central bank raises deposit rate 25 bps , keeps others unchanged
DOHA , June 15 Qatar 's central bank said on Thursday it was raising its overnight deposit rate by 25 basis points to 1.50 percent , after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates by the same margin .
Magnitude 5.1 quake jolts Albania , no injuries reported
TIRANA , Albania ( AP ) — An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 5.1 struck off western Albania Wednesday , authorities said . No injuries or damage were reported .
The Institute of GeoSciences , Energy , Water and Environment reported that the quake occurred at 0901 GMT ( 1101 local time ) around 18 kilometers ( 11 miles ) underground near Lalesi Bay , a spot frequented by tourists some 30 kilometers ( 18 miles ) west of the capital , Tirana .
It was followed minutes later by a series of weaker quakes , with the strongest measuring 4.3 magnitude , according to the Institute .
The tremor was strongly felt in Tirana , and some people left buildings and went out in the streets fearing further quakes .
Emergency officials told The Associated Press no one was injured . Officials were checking for possibly cracked buildings .
Tirana Mayor Erion Veliaj called on people not to panic but to avoid buildings `` until authorities clarify the circumstances . ''
Albania is part of an earthquake-prone area , registering quakes every few days , though most are not felt .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
CAIRO ( AP ) — Madiha Yousri , an Egyptian actor known for their iconic film roles , has died . They were 97 .
The state MENA news agency says Yousri suffered age-related health problems and died late on Tuesday .
Hundreds of mourners , including prominent film figures , attended Yousri 's funeral , which was held Wednesday at a historic mosque in Cairo 's Sayedah Nafeesa district .
Prime Minister Sherif Ismail mourned Yousri 's passing and offered their condolences .
Advertisement
Yousri had more than 90 films to their name , dating back to the 1940s . They also starred in musicals featuring iconic Egyptian singers of the 20th century : Mohamed Abdel-Wahab , Abdel-Halim Hafez , Farid Al-Atrash and Mohamed Fawzy .
Born in 1921 , Yousri was married three times . Two of their marriages were to film stars Mohamed Amin and Fawzy , with whom they co-starred in several movies .
LONDON Sterling rose on Thursday and was on track for its first quarterly gain against the dollar for almost two years as analysts bring forward their expectations of a UK interest rate rise .
The pound hit an eight-week high of $ 1.2615 this week and was not far off that high at about $ 1.25 on Thursday .
It is up about 3 percent in the past two weeks as accelerating inflation fuels expectations that the Bank of England is moving towards tightening policy , and is also benefiting from broad dollar weakness .
Still , traders and strategists said the main driver for sterling in the coming months would continue to be Britain 's negotiations with the European Union as it exits the bloc - how those talks play out , and what the economic fallout will be .
Sterling had seesawed on Wednesday as Brexit was formally triggered by British Prime Minister Theresa May , ending the day a little lower .
`` The first test for markets is likely to come at the end of April when the EU will hold its first summit on Brexit . This is when the markets will hopefully gauge the tone of the negotiations and whether or not the EU wants to work with the UK to get a decent deal in the bag , '' City Index strategists wrote in a research note .
`` The UK 's economic resilience has been one of the sweet spots post Brexit ( and ) if this confidence starts to evaporate then it is hard to see how UK asset prices can continue to rally , '' they said .
For the quarter , the pound is up just over 1 percent against the dollar , having fallen in every quarter since the second quarter of 2015 .
But many still see sterling as vulnerable , with the most recent data showing bets against the pound have reached a record high . [ IMM/FX ]
May has said Britain would like to pursue an ambitious free trade agreement with the EU once it leaves , but EU leaders including Angela Merkel have said Britain can negotiate its new relationship with the bloc only after it untangles its existing EU commitments .
The pound has also been sensitive recently to British economic data , which has started showing mixed signs . Talk of a Scottish referendum - which threatens a break up of the United Kingdom - has also seen investors sell sterling .
Against a broadly weaker euro , sterling climbed almost 1 percent on Thursday to 85.765 pence .
`` With actual negotiations with the EU not starting ahead of May/June , and as the BoE continues to link its policy stance to long-term uncertainty , we believe rate expectations and the pound will remain capped , '' Credit Agricole strategists wrote in a note to clients .
( Editing by Louise Ireland )
Church expects weddings to continue after land use dispute
Photo : Joe Kline , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 In this Oct. 19 , 2017 photo , John Shepherd , who is pastor at their home church and officiant during the wedding ceremonies they host stands against the archway at their venue , Shepherdsfield , outside Sisters , Ore . The Bulletin reports Deschutes County commissioners indicated Monday , July 2 , 2018 , that they intend to allow the Shepherdsfield Church and its wedding venue near Sisters to host up to 27 weddings a year to avoid a possible federal religious liberty lawsuit . An official decision wo n't be made until next week . ( Joe Kline/The Bulletin via AP ) less In this Oct. 19 , 2017 photo , John Shepherd , who is pastor at their home church and officiant during the wedding ceremonies they host stands against the archway at their venue , Shepherdsfield , outside Sisters , Ore. ... more Photo : Joe Kline , AP Church expects weddings to continue after land use dispute 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
BEND , Ore. ( AP ) — Officials in central Oregon will likely allow a rural church to host a limited number of weddings following a dispute over land use regulations .
Deschutes County commissioners indicated Monday that they intend to allow the Shepherdsfield Church and its wedding venue near Sisters to host up to 27 weddings per year to avoid a possible federal religious liberty lawsuit , The Bulletin reported . An official decision wo n't be made until next week .
Pastor John Shepherd began holding services on their 216-acre ( 87-hectare ) property about 20 years ago . They later began offering weddings at the property . They learned in 2014 that their church and the weddings violated measures intended to protect wildlife .
Shepherd 's property is in the county 's Wildlife Area Combining Zone , which prohibits certain land uses such as for schools , golf courses and churches .
Commissioners attempted to allow churches in the zone by amending county code in January . The state 's Land Use Board of Appeals in May ruled against the effort . The county is appealing the ruling .
The commissioners ' discussion Monday aimed to avoid conflict over the federal Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act , which prevents municipalities from using zoning measures to stop groups from worshipping .
Shepherd and their attorney have argued that the weddings are part of Shepherdsfield 's ministry , so the county risks a lawsuit by prohibiting the activity .
The federal law includes a `` safe harbor '' provision that protects from lawsuits if governments change codes or exempt religious institutions from policies . Following this provision would protect the county from having to decide if the zoning code violated the federal religious freedom law , said Adam Smith , the county 's assistant legal counsel .
`` You can avoid the pre-emptive force , the litigious aspects of RLUIPA , by just finding a way to allow a church , '' Smith told commissioners .
___
Information from : The Bulletin , http : //www.bendbulletin.com
The chairs of both Halton school boards are requesting additional transportation funding from the province to offset the “ negative impact ” of a minimum-wage increase on Halton 's school bus driver shortage .
In a joint letter to Minister of Education Mitzie Hunter , both Halton Catholic District School Board chair Diane Rabenda and Halton District School Board chair Kelly Amos outlined what the impending increase will mean to the already chronic shortage of school bus drivers .
`` There is currently a shortfall of 54 school bus drivers in Halton , which means that 12 per cent of the bus routes in the region do not have a regular driver , ” stated the letter sent Dec. 6 .
“ The average hourly wage for school bus drivers in Halton is between $ 13-17/hour , which unfortunately means that our local school bus operators are competing with other industries that offer minimum wage for work that is less demanding , ” the letter continued .
Uber 's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc , the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes .
Rep. Adam Schiff , D- Calif. , ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee , speaks at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia , Thursday , Feb. 1 , 2018 . ( AP Photo/Matt Rourke ) President Donald Trump pauses while speaking at the 2018 House and Senate Republican Member Conference at The Greenbrier , in White Sulphur Springs , W.Va. , Thursday , Feb. 1 , 2018 . ( AP Photo/Andrew Harnik ) Rep. Devin Nunes , R-Calif. , attends a speech by President Donald Trump at the 2018 House and Senate Republican Member Conference at The Greenbrier , in White Sulphur Springs , W.Va. , Thursday , Feb. 1 , 2018 . ( AP Photo/Andrew Harnik ) Attorney General Jeff Sessions speaks with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein , during the opening of the summit on Efforts to Combat Human Trafficking at Department of Justice in Washington , Friday , Feb. 2 , 2018 . President Donald Trump , dogged by an unrelenting investigation into their campaign 's ties to Russia , lashes out at the FBI and Justice Department as politically biased ahead of the expected release of a classified Republican memo criticizing FBI surveillance tactics . ( AP Photo/Jose Luis Magana ) Attorney General Jeff Sessions listens to the national anthem during the opening ceremony of the summit on Efforts to Combat Human Trafficking at Department of Justice in Washington , Friday , Feb. 2 , 2018 . President Donald Trump , dogged by an unrelenting investigation into their campaign 's ties to Russia , lashes out at the FBI and Justice Department as politically biased ahead of the expected release of a classified Republican memo criticizing FBI surveillance tactics . ( AP Photo/Jose Luis Magana ) Attorney General Jeff Sessions accompanied by Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and Associate Attorney General Rachel Brand , during the opening ceremony of the summit on Efforts to Combat Human Trafficking at Department of Justice in Washington , Friday , Feb. 2 , 2018 . President Donald Trump , dogged by an unrelenting investigation into their campaign 's ties to Russia , lashes out at the FBI and Justice Department as politically biased ahead of the expected release of a classified Republican memo criticizing FBI surveillance tactics . ( AP Photo/Jose Luis Magana ) President Donald Trump listens during a meeting with North Korean defectors where they talked with reporters about allowing the release of a secret memo on the F.B.I . 's role in the Russia inquiry , in the Oval Office of the White House , Friday , Feb. 2 , 2018 , in Washington . ( AP Photo/Evan Vucci )
WASHINGTON | House Republicans on Friday released a partisan and bitterly disputed memo that they say shows surveillance abuses in the early stages of the FBI 's investigation into the Trump campaign and Russia .
The memo , prepared by Republicans on the House intelligence committee , says there was “ a troubling breakdown of legal processes ” in the Russia investigation .
President Donald Trump , who advocated for the memo 's release over the fierce objections of the Justice Department and the FBI , told reporters the document shows “ a lot of people should be ashamed of themselves . ”
“ I think it 's terrible , ” Trump said . “ You want to know the truth . I think it 's a disgrace . What 's going on in this country , I think it 's a disgrace . ”
The memo , which the FBI has said is inaccurate and missing critical context , asserts that current and former FBI and Justice Department leaders signed off on a surveillance warrant to monitor communications of a former Trump campaign associate .
COLORADO REACTION
This is nothing more than an attempt to discredit & distract from the # MuellerInvestigation . It begs the question : why does Trump and their allies keep trying to thwart this investigation ? What are they afraid of coming out or what are they trying to hide ? https : //t.co/AKllIulRUz — Rep. Ed Perlmutter ( @ RepPerlmutter ) February 2 , 2018
As one of the first Members of Congress to call for an independent counsel , I 've always been about accountability and full transparency and I think it 's important for the American people to read the released Memo and reach their own conclusions . — Rep. Mike Coffman ( @ RepMikeCoffman ) February 2 , 2018
The President is showing , once again , that they care more about themselves than the country . My full statement on @ POTUS ‘ decision to release the memo : pic.twitter.com/rPenHqotyD — Michael F. Bennet ( @ SenBennetCO ) February 2 , 2018
The memo is released to the public in full , and rightfully so because the American people deserve honesty and transparency : https : //t.co/oqvb4TMLlV — Rep. Doug Lamborn ( @ RepDLamborn ) February 2 , 2018
Snowflakes better go back into safe places . Memo to be released . Cover your ears and eyes . — Tom Tancredo ( @ TancForGovernor ) February 2 , 2018
Reaction from Democrats was scathing .
“ It is the sacred duty of elected officials to put the interests of our country ahead of their own political fate , ” Democratic Colorado Sen. Michael Bennet said in a statement . “ Anyone who does not see that this is a concerted effort to distort the record , and ultimately undermine the incontrovertible reputation of Special Counsel Robert Mueller and the credibility of their investigation , is failing to uphold that duty .
“ Having had the privilege to work with the FBI earlier in my career , I find it particularly disgraceful that the President would disregard the judgment of the men and women at the FBI and the Justice Department . By releasing the memo , they are undermining the investigation into a foreign adversary 's interference in our democratic process and continuing to assault the integrity of the U.S. intelligence community . The President is showing , once again , that they care more about themselves than the country . ”
House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi says that by disclosing classified information , Trump had “ sent their friend Putin a bouquet. ” She 's referring to Russian President Vladimir Putin .
Democrats on the House Judiciary committee said House Republicans are “ accomplices ” to obstruction of justice .
The document also asserts that opposition research , conducted by a British spy and funded in part by the Democratic National Committee and Clinton campaign , formed a critical basis for the allegations contained in the warrant application .
They say that research should not have been a basis for the warrant because it contains unproven allegations .
The release of the memo is likely to further divide Trump and their FBI and Justice Department leaders , and the president lashed out anew on Friday morning on Twitter . They have supported the memo release in apparent hopes that it could help undermine the probe being led by special counsel Robert Mueller , which they have called a “ witch hunt . ”
“ The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans – something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago . Rank & File are great people ! ” Trump tweeted .
The tweet came as U.S. news coverage was dominated by reports that the FBI and the Justice Department had objected strenuously to the memo 's release . Earlier this week , the FBI declared it had “ grave concerns ” about its accuracy .
Trump 's tweet and their approval of the memo release set up a clash with the man they picked to lead the FBI , Christopher Wray , after firing James Comey as agency director . It also seemed at odds with House Speaker Paul Ryan who said a day earlier “ this memo is not an indictment of the FBI or the Department of Justice . ”
Democrats say the memo cherry-picks intelligence in an effort to smear law enforcement investigating whether Trump associates collaborated with Russia to sway the 2016 presidential election .
“ This is designed to impugn the credibility of the FBI , to undermine the investigation , to give the president additional fodder to attack the investigation . And it 's a tremendous disservice to the American people , ” Rep. Adam Schiff , the senior Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee , said on CBS “ This Morning . ”
The document was written by GOP lawmakers as part of an effort to reveal what Republicans say are surveillance abuses by the FBI and the Justice Department early in Russia investigation , before special counsel Mueller was appointed to take it over .
The House intelligence panel voted along party lines Monday to put the memo out , giving Trump five days to reject the release under committee rules . But Trump also had the power to declassify the document himself .
Senior FBI officials , including Wray , also made direct appeals to the White House , warning that it could set a dangerous precedent .
Democrats on the intelligence panel made a last-ditch effort Wednesday evening to stop the release , saying the memo had been “ secretly altered ” by the Republicans who wrote it . In a letter to the House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes , Schiff wrote that committee Democrats had discovered changes that were made after the vote Monday .
“ The White House has therefore been reviewing a document since Monday night that the committee never approved for public release , ” Schiff said in the letter .
Schiff asked Nunes for another vote on the memo , but Republicans did n't waver . Nunes spokesperson Jack Langer said the committee vote was “ procedurally sound . ”
This all comes as special counsel Mueller is investigating whether the Trump campaign improperly coordinated with Russia and whether Trump sought to obstruct the inquiry by , among other actions , firing Comey . Republicans have intensified their pressure on the Justice Department as Mueller 's probe has moved closer to Trump 's inner circle .
Trump has been telling confidants in recent days that they believed the GOP House members ' document would validate their concerns that the FBI and Justice Department conspired against him . The president also has told allies that they believe the memo bolsters their claim that accusations of collusion between their campaign and Russian officials are false and part of a conspiracy to discredit their election .
Comey weighed in on Twitter as well : “ All should appreciate the FBI speaking up . I wish more of our leaders would . But take heart : American history shows that , in the long run , weasels and liars never hold the field , so long as good people stand up . Not a lot of schools or streets named for Joe McCarthy . ”
April 6 Alphabet Inc 's YouTube said on Thursday it would place ads on videos only if they reach 10,000 views as it tries to weed out channels that make money by stealing content from other sources .
The video streaming service also said once a video channel crosses the threshold , it would review the content to see if it qualifies for the placement of ads . bit.ly/2o7vqI2
`` By keeping the threshold to 10k views , we also ensure that there will be minimal impact on our aspiring creators , '' Ariel Bardin , YouTube 's vice president of product management , said in a blog post .
YouTube also said it would add a review process for new creators who apply to be in the YouTube Partner Program in a few weeks .
The YouTube Partner Program lets creators monetize content on YouTube in many ways , including advertisements , paid subscriptions and merchandise .
Any revenue earned on channels with under 10,000 views up until Thursday will not be impacted , YouTube said .
Google has come under intense scrutiny for ads appearing alongside videos on YouTube carrying homophobic or anti-Semitic messages recently , forcing a number of companies to suspend their digital ads on the video streaming service .
The company vowed an overhaul of its practices last month , saying it has started an extensive review of its advertising policies . ( Reporting by Laharee Chatterjee in Bengaluru ; Editing by Anil D'Silva )
BCHL Today is a ( near ) daily look at what 's going on around the league and the junior A world .
Welcome to the March 19 , 2018 edition of BCHL Today , a ( near ) daily look at what 's going on around the league and the junior A world .
We dive back into playoff action , with four more games in the books since last we talked .
Let 's start in Vernon where the Vipers did n't have it as easy as they did in a 7-1 game-one win , but a 3-1 triumph in game two has them up 2-0 on Wenatchee .
After all the discussion about Wild goaltending , it was difficult to point the finger of blame at Austin Park in this one . They are n't great , stopping 25 of 28 shots for a .893 save percentage , but they are n't a liability either . Most nights , Park 's effort gives Wenatchee a chance to win , but in this series the Wild offence is missing in action . Two games , two goals from a team that averaged a league-leading ( by far ) 4.15 per game during the regular season .
AJ Vanderbeck scored Saturday night . After tying for the BCHL lead with 37 snipes during the regular season , the Colorado native has just two in the post-season . If Wenatchee 's goaltending is n't going to be a strength , then Vanderbeck and the Wild offence have to do more .
Credit to Vernon 's stifling D and goaltender Ty Taylor . Just when you think their numbers ca n't get any better , Taylor drops their goals-against average to 1.65 and raises their save-percentage to .942 . These are video game numbers for a goalie .
Wenatchee will hope home ice makes a difference when the series switches to the Town Toyota Center Tuesday night ( 7:05 p.m. start ) . The Wild had the league 's best home ice record during the regular season , at 24-4-1-0 and they were 2-0 in their opening round sweep of Merritt .
It 's safe to say game three is a must-win for Wenatchee .
————————————————————————————————————————————————
The other Interior division series is n't going well for the underdogs .
Penticton swatted Trail 7-2 at the South Okanagan Events Centre Saturday night to go up 2-0 as the series shifts back to Cominco Arena Tuesday night ( 7 p.m. ) .
The story of game two was power plays . While Trail only got two chances with the extra man , coming up empty on both , the Vees converted on five of seven opportunities . Owen Sillinger had a hat-trick , with two of their goals coming on the PP . Jackson Keane scored twice on the PP and Lukas Sillinger collected their first of the postseason on the man advantage .
Jack Barnes added an even strength goal , with Spencer McLean and Tyler Ghirardosi replying for the Smoke Eaters .
Two of Penticton 's PP goals came during a five-minute major , handed to Ethan Martini for a blow to the head that came after the whistle . The six-foot-six blueliner has to be suspended for such a vicious hit , and their absence would be a blow to a Trail defence corps that is already struggling .
Adam Marcoux went the distance in the Smoke Eaters net , stopping 28 of 35 shots for a .800 save percentage . The Calgary native has struggled in this series , giving up 12 goals so far , but that may be as much a function of what 's going on in front of them as anything else .
I talked about home ice being a potential lifeline for the Wenatchee Wild . Trail , on the other hand , was n't terribly strong at the Cominco Arena , posting the BCHL 's 10th best record at 18-10-1-0 . The Vees , on the other hand , were the league 's top road warriors at 19-8-1-1 .
It 's real hard to find anything Trail fans can cling to .
————————————————————————————————————————————————
The Victoria Grizzlies are digging themselves into another hole , but this time they not be able to escape .
The Grizz trail 0-2 in their second round series versus Powell River after a 3-2 loss Saturday night . Both defeats have come on home ice at the Q Centre , and now Victoria must hit the road for two games at the home of the Kings , the Hap Parker Arena .
I find goaltending fascinating , and I find the choices coaches make about goalies to be fascinating .
Victoria coach Craig Didmon started Zachary Rose in game two , and it 's not like the decision blew up in their face . Rose played well , stopping 29 of 32 shots ( .906 SP ) . My only question for Didmon would be , why such a short leash for Kurtis Chapman ?
Chapman came into round two as the reigning BCHL Player of the Week after leading Victoria back from an 0-3 series deficit against Alberni Valley . They laid a major egg in game one versus Powell River , giving up four goals on 19 shots in a 5-1 loss , but despite that their overall playoff numbers are still an impressive 1.98 GAA and a .940 SP .
If he 's not injured , I do n't quite understand why they would n't get the chance to bounce back .
At the other end , Matteo Paler-Chow continues their outstanding playoff run . The Powell River netminder was busy , stopping 40 of 41 shots to earn first star honours . The 18 year old Vancouverite has posted a 2.09 GAA and .936 SP in the postseason . Goaltending could have been an Achilles Heel for the Kings , and I guess it still could be , but Paler-Chow has so far turned it into a strength .
The other item of note from their game is penalties . Later this week , I think I 'll take another look at the overall numbers to see if reality is still lining up with my perception that calls are down in the playoffs . Victoria outshot Powell River 41-32 Saturday night , which is usually an indicator that a team is skating well and drawing obstruction calls .
But the Grizzlies only had one power play in the entire game . The Kings had four as referees Shayne Alyward and Hasret Sidhu kept their whistles in their pockets .
When I ran the numbers earlier in the playoffs , calls were indeed down from the regular season .
I mentioned it then and I 'll repeat it now . A different standard between the regular season and playoffs drives everyone nuts , and there 's no reason for it . If the idea is to ‘ let the boys decide the games , ' remember that a referee not making a call helps decide the game just as much as a referee making the call .
One final note on this game , coming from Powell River radio play-by-play man Alex Rawnsey .
“ The two wins for Powell River on the weekend in Victoria against the Grizzlies is the first time this year ( in 10 meetings ) that the Kings defeated the Grizzlies in back-to-back games . ”
This series resumes tonight , with a 7 p.m. start at the Hap Parker Arena .
————————————————————————————————————————————————
On to Prince George where Surrey won 3-2 Saturday night , evening that playoff series at one win apiece .
After getting throttled by a 9-1 count in game one , the Eagles had a lot to prove , and final score aside I 'm not sure they did so in game two .
The shot clock favoured the Spruce Kings 48-19 , and only a huge bounce-back effort from Mario Cavaliere saved Surrey from another loss . I wrote previously that Cavaliere seems prone to massive swings in performance . After coughing up six goals in that game one loss , the Ontario native produced their best game of the playoffs with a .958 SP .
RECAP : Cavaliere stopped 46 shots in a 3-2 victory in game two , as the Eagles tied the Mainland Division final 1-1 on Saturday night ! Burgart notched their playoff-leading 9th goal , White potted their 3rd , and Wesley scored the eventual game-winner mid way through the third . pic.twitter.com/C6eF0Tp0pS — Surrey Eagles ( @ SurreyEagles ) March 19 , 2018
The Eagles were opportunistic with the few chances they got , which is what you have to do against PG . Desi Burgart 's playoff-leading ninth goal got the scoring started midway through period two and an Aaron White strike had Surrey up 2-0 through 40 minutes . Ethan de Jong got PG on the board 7:41 into period three , but John Wesley answered at 12:21 , giving the Eagles breathing room .
Ben Brar scored the second Spruce King goal with just one second on the clock .
Evan DeBrouwer had a rare meh night in the Prince George net , and he 'll look to bounce back tonight as the series shifts to the South Surrey Arena for game two .
————————————————————————————————————————————————
Sticking with Surrey and finishing up with a scholarship , as Jackson Ross commits to Colorado College .
Ross is heading home to play NCAA Div-I hockey . The 20 year old native of Centennial , Colorado will join the Tigers this fall , becoming the sixth Eagle player this season to earn a scholarship . The others are Jordan Robert ( Clarkson ) , Desi Burgart ( Quinnipiac ) , Jeff Stewart ( Colgate ) , Chase Danol ( Bowling Green ) and Cory Babichuk ( RPI ) .
Colorado College plays in the National Collegiate Hockey Conference ( NCHC ) and competes against North Dakota , St . Cloud State , Denver , Western Michigan , Minnesota Duluth , Omaha and Miami ( Ohio ) .
Ross is finishing up their second full BCHL season . They played one game in 2015-16 with Salmon Arm and has played their last 108 regular seasons and eight playoffs matches with Surrey , collecting 10 goals , 41 points and 117 penalty minutes .
“ Jackson has been an absolute warrior for this organization , ” said Eagles head coach Brandon West in a team press release . “ We are extremely happy for them and their family . Jackson is a tireless worker that leads by example everyday and this opportunity to play in their home state is very well earned . ”
Eric Welsh is the sports editor at the Chilliwack Progress and has been covering junior A hockey in B.C . and Alberta since 2003 .
Email eric.welsh @ theprogress.com
Athletics - World Athletics Championships – women 's 4 x 400 meters relay final – London Stadium , London , Britain – August 13 , 2017 – memebers the U.S. relay team celebrate after winning the gold medal .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Olympic champions the United States reclaimed their women 's 4x400m relay world title as Jamaica suffered more injury heartbreak in the World Championships final on Sunday .
Twenty four hours after Usain Bolt sensationally pulled up in their relay event , Anneisha McLaughlin-Whilby slowed down clutching their leg 20 metres into their second leg and went to ground , ending Jamaica 's reign as world champions .
Jamaica had been in the lead , but American Allyson Felix surged clear of the field to open up a 15-metre gap in a superb split of 48.7 seconds .
teammates Shakima Wimbley and individual 400m champion Phyllis Francis duly extended the gap to win gold in a world leading time of 3 minutes 19.02 seconds .
Felix enhanced their record as the most decorated athlete in World Championships history by winning their 11th gold to equal Bolt 's haul . It was their 16th medal overall .
Athletics - World Athletics Championships - Women 's 4x400 Metres Relay Final - London Stadium , London , Britain – August 13 , 2017 . Emily Diamond of Great Britain celebrates finishing second in the final . Toby Melville
`` It does mean so much to me every time , '' Felix said .
`` I 'm grateful to run with these amazing girls . They work so hard and deserve all their success . It 's an honour to run in the relay for Team USA and I will always treasure these moments . ''
Slideshow ( 4 Images )
The 60,000 spectators inside the London Stadium were on their feet as Britain finished second in 3:25.00 to clinch silver , an upgrade from their bronze at the Olympics last year . Poland came third in 3:25.41 to claim bronze .
McLaughlin-Whilby had to be taken off the track in a wheelchair and their withdrawal meant there was no farewell run for Novlene Williams-Mills .
The 35-year-old , who made their debut in this event at the 2004 Olympics in Athens where Jamaica won bronze , overcame breast cancer in 2013 and won six World Championship medals overall .
Williams-Mills was due to take the baton from McLaughlin-Whilby for their final run but was left stranded on the start/finish line due to their teammate 's misfortune .
Soccer-Colombian championship final Liga Aguila I result
June 15 ( Gracenote ) - Results from the Colombian championship Final Liga Aguila I match on Wednesday Final Liga Aguila I Thursday , June 15 , first leg Deportivo Cali - Atletico Nacional 2-0 ( halftime : 1-0 ) Next Fixtures ( GMT ) : Final Liga Aguila I Monday , June 19 , second leg Atletico Nacional v Deportivo Cali ( 0000 )
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
A detective who failed to properly investigate allegations of child abuse would have been sacked if they had not quit , a misconduct panel has ruled .
DC Celia MacDonald , 49 , was part of the Horsham safeguarding team but resigned days before their misconduct hearing last month .
I actions in not reporting allegations of child abuse made by three girls was found to be gross misconduct .
Click here to read the original story .
During the hearing it was alleged that two of the girls told DC MacDonald they and another girl had been sexually assaulted , but instead of recording it as a crime they reported that the girls ‘ made no clear disclosure and there were no immediate safeguarding concerns ' .
It was further alleged that they allowed the investigation to proceed without police involvement , and then 13 months later closed the case when they should have known it should be further investigated .
A year later , the same family came to notice again and the matter came to light , leading to an IOPC ( Independent Office for Police Conduct ) -led investigation into the officer 's actions , police said .
The panel found that their actions did amount to gross misconduct , but because they had already resigned from the force the panel has limited punishment powers .
This week it was decided that their punishment would have been dismissal , had they still been employed by Sussex Police .
Detective Superintendent Steve Boniface , head of Sussex Police 's Professional Standards Department , said : “ Protecting vulnerable people is a priority for Sussex Police and while this was an unusual occurrence , it is still one that we take extremely seriously .
“ We expect the highest possible standards of our officers and staff and where their conduct falls below these standards they will be robustly investigated . Safeguarding of the public is an absolute priority for Sussex Police . DC MacDonald 's failure to perform their duty correctly potentially put vulnerable people at risk , although fortunately this case did come back to our notice and remains under investigation .
“ The finding is supported by Sussex Police and highlights our determination not bring into disrepute the enormous amount of good work carried out day-to-day by thousands of hard-working and enormously dedicated police officers and staff . ”
A flare-up on the western edge of Southern California 's largest and most destructive wildfire sent residents fleeing Sunday
Firefighters kept a wall of flames from descending mountains into coastal neighbourhoods after a huge and destructive Southern California wildfire exploded in size , becoming the fifth largest in state history .
Thousands remained under evacuation orders Monday as the fire churned west through foothill areas of Carpinteria and Montecito , seaside Santa Barbara County towns about 75 miles ( 120 kilometres ) northwest of Los Angeles . Much of the fire 's rapid new growth occurred on the eastern and northern fronts into unoccupied areas of Los Padres National Forest , where the state 's fourth largest fire burned a decade ago .
The blaze , which had already destroyed more than 750 buildings , burned six more in Carpinteria on Sunday , officials said . It 's just 10 per cent contained after charring nearly 360 square miles ( 930 square kilometres ) of dry brush and timber .
“ We 're still anxious . I 'm not frightened yet , ” Carpinteria resident Roberta Lehtinen told KABC-TV . “ I do n't think it 's going to come roaring down unless the winds kick up . ”
Forecasters predicted that dry winds that fanned several fires across the region for a week would begin to lose their power Monday . But the possibility of “ unpredictable ” gusts would keep firefighters on edge for days , Santa Barbara County Fire spokesperson Mike Eliason said .
Santa Ana winds have long contributed to some of the region 's most disastrous wildfires . They blow from the inland toward the Pacific Ocean , speeding up as they squeeze through mountain passes and canyons .
Containment increased on other major blazes in Los Angeles , Riverside and San Diego counties . Resources from those fires were diverted to the Santa Barbara foothills to combat the stubborn and enormous fire that started Dec. 4 .
Related : Higher winds could complicate California wildfire fight
Fires are not typical in Southern California this time of year but can break out when dry vegetation and too little rain combine with the Santa Ana winds . Though the state emerged this spring from a yearslong drought , hardly any measurable rain has fallen in the region over the past six months .
“ This is the new normal , ” Democratic Gov . Jerry Brown warned Saturday after surveying damage from the deadly Ventura fire . Brown and experts said climate change is making wildfires a year-round threat .
High fire risk is expected to last into January .
The air thick with acrid smoke , even residents of areas not under evacuation orders took the opportunity to leave , fearing another shutdown of U.S. 101 , a key coastal highway that was closed intermittently last week . Officials handed out masks to residents who stayed behind in Montecito , the wealthy hillside enclave that 's home to celebrities such as Oprah Winfrey , Jeff Bridges and Rob Lowe .
“ Our house is under threat of being burned , ” Ellen DeGeneres tweeted at midday Sunday . “ We just had to evacuate our pets . I 'm praying for everyone in our community and thankful to all the incredible firefighters . ”
Ojai experienced hazardous levels of smoke at times , and officials warned of unhealthy air for large swaths of the region . The South Coast Air Quality Management District urged residents to stay indoors if possible and avoid vigorous outdoor activities .
Related : Winds churn explosive California wildfires
Despite the size and number of wildfires burning in the region , there has only been one confirmed death : The death of a 70-year-old woman , who crashed their car on an evacuation route , is attributed to the fire in Santa Paula , a small city where the Thomas Fire began .
Most of last week 's fires were in places that burned in the past , including one in the ritzy Los Angeles neighbourhood of Bel-Air that burned six homes and another in the city 's rugged foothills above the community of Sylmar and in Santa Paula .
___
Christopher Weber , The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
Just like their hit TV shows , the news that executive producer Shonda Rhimes will depart ABC for Netflix has shaken Twitter — including at least one of its most famous users .
“ Give @ shondarhimes anything they want and EVERYTHING they deserve ! ” wrote actor Gabourey Sidibe on Monday .
Give @ shondarhimes anything they want and EVERYTHING they deserve ! pic.twitter.com/PFVTXzT99N — Gabby Sidibe ( @ GabbySidibe ) August 14 , 2017
But amid all the joy , some questions did arise .
“ Ca n't wait to see what shonda rhimes does with the creative freedom and latitude at netflix — but , uh , does this mean grey 's is ending ? ” one fan wrote Monday .
While Grey 's Anatomy — along with other Rhimes-produced series Scandal , How to Get Away with Murder and midseason debut For the People — will continue to air on ABC as planned , others still feared for the consequences the move to a limitless streaming platform will have on their free time .
“ Shonda Rhimes moving to Netflix is the worst thing to happen to my social life since graduating from college , ” tweeted another .
ca n't wait to see what shonda rhimes does with the creative freedom and latitude at netflix — but , uh , does this mean grey 's is ending ? — Leslie Lou ( @ leslielouz ) August 14 , 2017
Shonda Rhimes moving to Netflix is the worst thing to happen to my social life since graduating from college — Lauren T ( @ LaMichelle13 ) August 14 , 2017
Read on to see what else Shondaland devotees made of the announcement , which comes one week after ABC parent company Disney announced a 2019 split from Netflix .
https : //twitter.com/Soapscum628/status/897115598139924482 do n't care what shonda does , just leave grey 's anatomy untouched — 🎠 ( @ callherfancy ) August 14 , 2017 I do n't care what anyone says . Shonda Rhimes coming to Netflix is gon na be glorious . This is only good news as far as I 'm concerned . — Charles Clymer🏳️‍🌈 ( @ cmclymer ) August 14 , 2017 https : //twitter.com/TheRealDustinM/status/897116002655154177
RELATED VIDEO : Shonda Rhimes Is n't Diversifying TV , She 's Normalizing It
https : //twitter.com/TyTheRobot/status/897122737218617344 SHONDA GOT HIRED TO DEVELOP SHOWS FOR NETFLIX IM NOT READY FOT THIS — Katertot ( @ _KateMarie3 ) August 14 , 2017 https : //twitter.com/Tristine214/status/897121772641943552
https : //twitter.com/kfbriones/status/897120799114510336 can u believe the moment teddy altman returns to seattle grace miss shonda rhimes LEAVES ABC , , , i 'm conFlicted — liz ( @ holyswanmills ) August 14 , 2017 https : //twitter.com/JerricaMJ/status/897124959696367616
https : //twitter.com/OnlyMaky/status/897124571010224128 Shonda without network censors… LMAO ! The shows are going to be basically Skinamax with better dialogue . LOL — Miriam ( @ MimiAKA08 ) August 14 , 2017 Shonda Rhimes is such a BOSS # Netflix — Michael Drumond ( @ MichaelDrumond1 ) August 14 , 2017 https : //twitter.com/AintYouScotty/status/897125101111574530
Grey 's Anatomy and How to Get Away with Murder return Sept. 28 , and Scandal begins its final season Oct. 5 on ABC .
Sweating what to give this holiday ? Well then we bet you sure wish you were wearing one of Thompson Tee 's patented undershirt that totally blocks armpit sweat . Grab some now and get 25 % off your order .
Ireland 's biggest independent postal company is promising hundreds of jobs as it launches a new pickup service .
CityPOST says it will collect from businesses for free .
The firm is marketing itself as a rival to State service An Post and claims to undercut its costs by over a fifth .
CityPOST currently delivers anywhere in Ireland , as well as 200 other countries around the world
CEO , Ian Glass , says they 're hiring now for their new roles :
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice ( GMP ) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration , for pills ( condensed pills ) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11 , 2022
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $ 31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys , as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country .
Egypt displays ancient artifacts recovered from smugglers
CAIRO ( AP ) — Egypt has put on display ancient artifacts recently retrieved from Italy after they were confiscated by the Italian police months ago .
Sabah Abdel-Razek , the general director of the Egyptian Museum , told The Associated Press on Wednesday that the artifacts include five burial masks , 11 vessels , 151 small statutes and over 20,000 coins from different eras .
Egyptian authorities have said the artifacts were likely excavated and smuggled out of the country in secret , as no museum has records of them .
Egypt says it has retrieved around 1,000 artifacts from 10 different countries over the past two years .
Fire officials said the suspect had burns to their hands and abodmen . The others who were injured suffered ringing in ears and headaches .
Elrana Peralta , a customer service worker for Greyhound , said they work in the Port Authority terminal complex near where the blast happened , but did n't hear the explosion .
`` All we could hear was the chaos , '' they said . `` We could hear people yelling , 'Get out ! Get out ! Get out ! ' ''
John Miles , 28 , from Vermont , was waiting for a bus to Massachusetts . They also did n't hear the blast , but saw police react .
`` I did n't know what was going on . Officers were running around . I was freaking out , '' they said . There was an announcement that people should take their bags and leave . `` They did n't incite panic . It was fairly orderly . ''
Video from above the `` Crossroads of the World '' showed lines of police and emergency vehicles , their lights flashing , lining the streets and no other vehicle traffic moving .
Everything around the Port Authority area was shut down — a surreal scene of still at what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour .
New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority were diverting to other locations . NJ Transit said buses were taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken , where they could take trains into the city .
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders tweeted that President Donald Trump had been briefed on the explosion .
___
Associated Press writer Jake Pearson contributed to this report .
By Colleen Long , The Associated Press
( Reuters Health ) - - Stroke survivors may grow frustrated with doctors ' advice and ultimately stop taking medicines that could prevent a second stroke , suggests a new analysis from the UK .
Researchers who tracked internet discussion-board conversations about stroke found that most survivors followed their doctors ' advice but some stopped taking medications due to side effects .
`` Family practitioners should make patients aware of multiple treatment options and the potential need for several changes in medication , and actively follow-up with their patients when providing advice or changing treatment due to side effects , such as aches and tiredness , '' said senior author Anna De Simoni , of Queen Mary University of London .
De Simoni and colleagues write in Family Practice that three in 10 stroke survivors will go on to have a second stroke . Medications that lower blood pressure and cholesterol and thin the blood can reduce that risk by up to 75 percent .
Past research suggests patients who are prescribed these so-called secondary prevention medications may have trouble sticking to their regimens , the authors write .
For the new study , De Simoni 's team focused on posts made by 50 participants on the online TalkStroke forum , including 33 stroke survivors and 17 caregivers of stroke survivors .
Most people reported sticking to doctors ' orders , but that was n't always the case when people experienced side effects they felt were due to cholesterol-lowering medications known as statins , for example . Common side effects of those drugs include fatigue , headaches and muscle aches and pains .
`` When suffering from statin side effects , patients did make contact with their doctors in the attempt to manage them , but I was surprised to see that they seemingly lost hope after only one or two contacts with their family physicians , unaware that a better regimen may have been available or that their doctor would have been able to carry out another change in medication , '' De Simoni told Reuters Health in an email .
Side effects led to `` anxiety and resentment '' among patients , who felt their needs were n't always being addressed by their doctors , the researchers found .
`` The online dialogue between stroke survivors and carers offers a deeper understanding of the barriers to persistence with secondary prevention medications , '' said De Simoni .
The research team found that people responding to the posts were generally supportive of doctors ' advice , and none of the posts was incorrect or misleading . `` The forum 's ‘ super-users ' , who had a high number of connections with other participants , played an important role '' in the quality of the content , said De Simoni .
The researchers warn that secondary stroke prevention has changed since the last posts analyzed in this study were written in 2011 , so these patients ' issues may not reflect what happens in today 's doctors ' office . Additionally , the discussion board users were young ; their behavior may not reflect the actions of older stroke patients .
`` These findings indicate the need to raise patients ' awareness of the existence of some cholesterol lowering treatments and approaches to manage side effects , '' said De Simoni .
SOURCE : bit.ly/2okfAID Family Practice , online April 10 , 2017 .
Reuters sports schedule at 0600 GMT on Sunday :
SOCCER
Premier League
Southampton v Arsenal ( 1200 )
Liverpool v Everton ( 1415 )
Manchester United v Manchester City ( 1630 )
United bid to reel in City on derby day
LONDON - Manchester United will attempt to cut Manchester City 's eight-point lead at the top of the table in a massive derby match between the top two teams in the table . Liverpool host Everton in another local derby . ( SOCCER-ENGLAND/ , expect by 1830 GMT/1:30 PM ET , by Simon Evans , 600 words )
We will run an individual report on each game and sidebars on merit .
La Liga
Real Sociedad v Malaga ( 1100 )
Real Betis v Atletico Madrid ( 1515 )
Levante v Athletic Club ( 1730 )
Villarreal v Barcelona ( 1945 )
Barcelona eye five-point lead
BARCELONA - Barcelona will stretch their lead at the top of the standings to five points with victory at Villarreal . ( SOCCER-SPAIN/ , expect by 2130 GMT/4:30 PM ET , 400 words )
Serie A
Chievo Verona v AS Roma ( 1130 )
Napoli v Fiorentina ( 1400 )
SPAL v Verona ( 1400 )
Udinese v Benevento ( 1400 )
Sassuolo v Crotone ( 1700 )
AC Milan v Bologna ( 1945 )
MILAN - Gattuso looks for first win as Milan host Bologna AC Milan will attempt to give new coach Gennaro Gattuso their first win when they host lowly Bologna while Napoli host Fiorentina . ( SOCCER-ITLAY/ , expect by 2200 GMT/5 : PM et , 400 words )
Bundesliga
Cologne v Freiburg ( 1230 )
Hanover 96 v TSG 1899 Hoffenheim ( 1430 )
FC Augsburg v Hertha Berlin ( 1700 )
Ligue 1
Amiens SC v Olympique Lyon ( 1400 )
Nantes v Nice ( 1600 )
Olympique Marseille v St Etienne ( 2000 )
NBA
Rockets ready to blaze trails in Portland
The Western Conference-leading Houston Rockets take an eight-game winning streak to Portland for a clash with the Trail Blazers after Ben Simmons and the Philadelphia 76ers test LeBron James and the surging Cleveland Cavaliers in two of the 10 games on the National Basketball Association 's schedule . ( BASKETBALL-NBA/HIGHLIGHTS , expect by 0630 GMT/1:30 AM ET , by The Sports Xchange , 800 words )
NHL
Blues face off with Red Wings
St. Louis tries to stay out front in the Central Division when the Blues visit the Detroit Red Wings and the Los Angeles Kings , the top team in the Western Conference , go for their eight consecutive win in a home game against the Carolina Hurricanes in two of the 12 games on the National Hockey League schedule . ( ICEHOCKEY-NHL/HIGHLIGHTS , expect by 0630 GMT/1:30 AM ET , by The Sports Xchange , 800 words )
GOLF
European Tour : Joburg Open
JOHANNESBURG - India 's Shubhanker Sharma , hoping to claim their maiden professional title , takes a five-shot lead into the final round . ( GOLF-EUROPEAN/ , 400 words )
CRICKET
India v Sri Lanka , first ODI , Dharamsala
India looks to extend domination in 50-overs
Fresh from their 1-0 victory in the test series against Sri Lanka , India will be looking to extend their domination over their neighbours in the three-match ODI series beginning at the picturesque Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association Stadium . ( CRICKET-ODI-IND-LKA/ , expect by 1400 GMT/9 AM ET , 300 words )
ALPINE SKIING
World Cup
Women 's Super-G
Injured Vonn pencilled in for super-G
ST MORITZ , Switzerland - American four-times overall champion Lindsey Vonn was injured after finishing a World Cup super-G race but has said they will attempt to race again . ( ALPINE SKIING-WOMEN/ ( PIX ) , expect by 1200 GMT/ 7 AM ET , 300 words )
Men 's slalom VAL D ‘ ISERE , France - Frenchman Alexis Pinturault will be looking to back up their giant slalom victory with a win in the slalom at Val d ‘ Isere . ( ALPINE SKIING-MEN/ ( PIX ) , expect by 1200 GMT/7 AM ET , 300 words )
FIGURE SKATING
Grand Prix final
NAGOYA , Japan - Competition continues in the ISU 's Grand Prix final , an important warm-up ahead of next year 's Winter Olympics . ( FIGURESKATING-ISU/FINAL ( PIX ) , expect throughout , by Elaine Lies , 400 words )
Jessica Chastain did n't expect to get a Golden Globe nomination this year .
On Monday , Chastain was nominated for best actor in a dramatic feature for their role in Molly 's Game , but in an interview with The New York Times , the 40-year-old actor revealed they were worried that there would be repercussions since they had been such an outspoken critic of Harvey Weinstein .
“ To be honest , I 'm mainly surprised about my nomination , ” they said . “ As an actor , I have a lot of fear , thinking that if I speak my mind , or something that feels like it deviates from the norm as a woman , am I going to be made to disappear in my industry ? ”
“ When the article came out about Weinstein , I immediately started tweeting . I 've got a good group of girlfriends on WhatsApp , and I said , ‘ I 'm really terrified I 'm destroying my career right now . I wonder if people will still see me as an actor , and want to work with knowing I have these opinions , ' ” they continued .
However , they added that their friends helped them get over their fear and “ understand that the only way to change something that 's wrong is to change it , not ignore it . ”
“ And rather than saying it 's an industrywide issue , it 's more than that . It 's a societywide issue . We ca n't ignore farmworkers or women who have been invisible , ” they continued .
RELATED VIDEO : Ashley Judd and Multiple Women Accuse Movie Mogul Harvey Weinstein of Sexual Harassment as They Announce Leave of Absence
The 40-year-old actor had previously revealed on the Graham Norton Show that a fellow actor warned them to stop tweeting as much about the Harvey Weinstein scandal .
“ I was tweeting a lot at the time and actually got an email from a well-known actor that said , ‘ Calm down , ' ” Chastain said . “ I found that heartbreaking and can only think they did n't understand the movement that was happening . ”
Following reports of alleged decades of sexual harassment by Weinstein , they also tweeted out an article highlighting similar accusations lodged against X-Men producer Bryan Singer , writing “ Let us not forget . ”
“ I 'm going to speak my mind about any injustice that I see . I 'm not afraid of anything in terms of that , ” Chastain previously told The Daily Beast of any potential blowback from the tweet . “ And I think the greatest myth that an industry can create is to make people feel like they 're easily replaceable . I 'm not going to allow that into my life . ”
Chastain also told the outlet she 's encouraged by the swift action that has been taken since the various allegations have come to light .
“ I feel hopeful . I feel happy , ” they said . “ I know it 's devastating , it 's terrible , it 's heartbreaking . These stories that are coming out are just so sad . But what makes me hopeful is that people are taking responsibility for their silence , their inaction . ”
RELATED VIDEO : Harvey Weinstein 's Horrific History of Bullying : ‘ He Was Aggressive On All Kinds Of Levels '
Weinstein has been accused of sexual misconduct by over 50 women since The New York Times and The New Yorker documented decades of alleged sexual misconduct and sexual assault involving a number of women in detailed articles in October .
In a recent statement to PEOPLE , Weinstein 's attorneys , Blair Berk and Benjamin Brafman , said : “ Mr . Weinstein has never at any time committed an act of sexual assault , and it is wrong and irresponsible to conflate claims of impolitic behavior or consensual sexual contact later regretted , with an untrue claim of criminal conduct . There is a wide canyon between mere allegation and truth , and we are confident that any sober calculation of the facts will prove no legal wrongdoing occurred .
“ Nonetheless , to those offended by Mr. Weinstein 's behavior , they remain deeply apologetic . ”
Putin declares victory on visit to air base in Syria
Declaring a victory in Syria , Putin on Monday visited a Russian military air base in the country and announced a partial pullout of Russian forces from the Mideast nation .
This new riding , created in 2015 , was redrawn to match federal riding boundaries . It now includes parts of the west Mountain . The former town of Flamborough was attached to this riding but it has been sliced off and merged with Glanbrook ( in a new riding appropriately called Flamborough-Glanbrook ) . The area has been represented by veteran Liberal MPP Ted McMeekin since 2007 , but they face tough challenges this year from PC Ben Levitt and NDP Sandy Shaw .
A runner got tripped up by an elastic strap from a failed pole-vaulting attempt .
A runner at a college track meet in Ireland was in first place the other day . Then right before the finish line , an elastic strap snapped off a piece of pole-vaulting equipment . . . flew onto the track . . . got wrapped around their legs . . . and they lost .
It was a qualifying race , and they would have missed the finals because of it . But the officials decided to let them in .
VICENZA , Italy , April 28 An outflow of deposits that helped drive Popolare di Vicenza 's direct funding down 14.4 percent last year has now stopped and there has been an improvement in the past few weeks , the chief executive of the troubled Italian bank said on Friday .
`` Over the past few weeks the loss of deposits has been replaced by a slow and gradual recovery , '' CEO Fabrizio Viola told the lender 's annual general meeting .
Viola said it was uncertain whether the bank would be granted the state bailout it has requested alongside fellow regional bank Veneto Banca to fill a 6.4 billion euro combined capital gap and embark on a merger .
The two banks need European Union approval of their restructuring plan to tap state funds and Viola said it was too early to say when the process could be concluded though the bank hoped it may be soon . ( Reporting by Valentina Za )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Putin says Russia 's economic crisis is over , inflation falling
MOSCOW , June 15 President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that Russia 's economic crisis was over and that inflation , already at a historic low , would fall further to 4 percent this year .
After Roseanne ‘ s cancellation in the wake of a racist tweet by star Roseanne Barr , Charlie Sheen has an idea for a reboot to fill that nostalgia void .
The 52-year-old actor took to Twitter to say “ good riddance ” to the sitcom canned by ABC and tout a revival of their former show Two and a Half Men .
“ adios Roseanne ! good riddance . hashtag NOT Winning . the runway is now clear for OUR reboot , ” they wrote on Tuesday , adding the hashtag # CharlieHarperReturns and a photo of a script .
Jon Cryer , Sheen 's costar on the long-running CBS comedy , retweeted the post with a message : “ What could possibly go wrong ? ”
Two and a Half Men ran for 12 seasons from 2003 until 2015 . However , Sheen 's contract was terminated in 2011 after the star entered a rehabilitation center and verbally attacked the show 's creator , Chuck Lorre , in a number of interviews . Ashton Kutcher stepped in for the remainder of the sitcom 's run as a new character .
adios
Roseanne ! good
riddance . hashtag
NOT Winning . the
runway is
now clear
for
OUR reboot . © # CharlieHarperReturns pic.twitter.com/HcqMvIoxCM — Charlie Sheen ( @ charliesheen ) May 29 , 2018
What could possibly go wrong ? https : //t.co/YMCTAFDjqk — Jon Cryer ( @ MrJonCryer ) May 29 , 2018
Charlie Sheen Michael Buckner/Getty
Two and a Half Men is n't the only show being floated for a revival following the Roseanne scandal . Bryan Fuller , who created the short-lived Pushing Daisies on ABC , suggested a reboot of the Emmy-winning series , while Kevin Biegel pushed for giving their comedy Enlisted another shot .
Fans of Happy Endings have also created a social media movement to bring back the sitcom , which ran on ABC for three seasons .
NOT TO BE OPPORTUNISTIC , BUT IF YOU 'RE ITCHING TO FILL THAT # ROSEANNE SLOT WITH ANOTHER FORMER @ ABCNetwork SHOW… pic.twitter.com/UXYm5j6adx — Bryan Fuller ( @ BryanFuller ) May 29 , 2018
Dear Channing Dungey , Since there 's going to be a hole in your schedule next year can we bring back Enlisted ? @ MikeRoyce and me and the gang can put together a season very quickly ! Also we can just hire the entire crew of that show that just went away ! Love ,
Me — kevinbiegel ( @ kbiegel ) May 29 , 2018
Hey @ ABCNetwork , since you like clearly now have an open time slot , how about you go ahead and bring back # HappyEndings . That 's the show I want and deserve . It 's been 5 years , call it a reboot . @ HappyElishas @ wayansjr @ adampally @ elizacoupe @ ZachKnighton @ caseyrosewilson pic.twitter.com/mK9Bcm709B — Stephanie ( @ stephblackmon ) May 29 , 2018
The backlash has been fierce ever since Barr , an outspoken supporter of President Donald Trump , tweeted a since-deleted attack on former Barack Obama advisor Valerie Jarrett , who is black , during a racist Twitter rant overnight Monday .
“ Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby = vj , ” they wrote , using Jarrett 's initials in response to a tweeted conspiracy theory about the Obama administration .
Roseanne Barr Kristina Bumphrey/StarPix/REX/Shutterstock
After claiming they were quitting Twitter following the backlash , Barr went on yet another Twitter spree Tuesday night , blaming their racist remark on using the prescription insomia drug Ambien .
“ Do n't feel sorry for me , guys ! ! -I just want to apologize to the hundreds of people , and wonderful writers ( all liberal ) and talented actors who lost their jobs on my show due to my stupid tweet , ” they wrote .
“ Guys I did something unforgiveable so do not defend me . It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-i went 2 far & do not want it defended-it was egregious Indefensible [ sic ] . I made a mistake I wish I had n't but…do n't defend it please , ” they added .
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $ 1 bln a year , no IPO details yet
NEW YORK , June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $ 1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering , but did not say where or when .
PARIS , April 20 French cosmetics group L'Oréal said on Thursday it has appointed Nicolas Hieronimus to the newly-created position of deputy chief executive .
Hieronimus , 52 , joined L'Oréal in 1987 after graduating from French business school Essec , according to a biography on the group 's website .
During their 30-year career at L'Oréal , they developed the skincare business , with the creation of Dermo Expertise , Solar Expertise and Men Expert , the group said . ( Reporting by Mathieu Rosemain ; Editing by Adrian Croft )
Former Nasdaq chief Greifeld to take over as Virtu chairperson
NEW YORK , June 14 Former Nasdaq Inc Chief Executive Robert Greifeld will become chairperson of trading firm Virtu Financial Inc 's board after the company completes its $ 1.4 billion takeover of rival KCG Holdings Inc .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
April 3 Limbach Holdings Inc
* Limbach Holdings Inc - files for non-timely 10-K - SEC filing
* Limbach Holdings - requires time to file 10-K in order to finalize review of historical cutoff procedures for accruing job cost expense among others
* Limbach Holdings Inc - under co 's revenue recognition policy , any adjustments to timing of job cost expense also impact timing of revenue recognition Source text : ( bit.ly/2nUsu1x ) Further company coverage :
TVNZ secures exclusive broadcast rights to 2021 America 's Cup
The next America 's Cup will be live and free to air on TV and across TVNZ 's online platforms .
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria , Iraq , Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA , June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East , with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years , the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday .
STOCKHOLM | An American scientist who shared this year 's Nobel Prize for medicine bluntly criticized political developments at home in their address at the awards ' gala banquet , saying that U.S. scientists are facing funding cutbacks that will hurt research .
Michael Rosbash , who was honored for their work on circadian rhythms — commonly called the body clock — expressed concern that U.S. government funding such as that received by them and Nobel colleagues Jeffrey Hall and Michael Young is endangered .
CAPTION CORRECTS SURNAME FROM ROBASH TO ROSBASH From left , Nobel Laureate in Physiology or Medicine Jeffrey Hall , Nobel Laureate in Physiology or Medicine Michael Rosbash , Nobel Laureate in Physiology or Medicine Michael Young , Nobel Laureate in Literature Kazuo Ishiguro and Nobel Laureate in Economics Richard Thaler attend the 2017 Nobel prize award ceremony at the Concert house in Stockholm , Sunday Dec. 10 , 2017 . ( Fredrik Sandberg/TT News Agency ) Leader of the Nobel committee Berit Reiss-Andersen , left , presents the award to Hiroshima survivor Setsuko Thurlow and Beatrice Fihn , leader of International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons ( ICAN ) , winner of the Nobel Peace Prize 2017 , in Oslo , Sunday , Dec. 10 , 2017 . ( Berit Roald/NTB Scanpix via AP ) Kazuo Ishiguro , laureate in literature delivers a speech , during the Nobel banquet in the City Hall , in Stockholm , Sunday , Dec. 10 , 2017 . ( Fredrik Sandberg/TT News Agency via AP ) Rainer Weiss , laureate in Physics 2017 , delivers a speach during the Nobel banquet during the Nobel banquet in the City Hall , in Stockholm , Sunday , Dec. 10 , 2017 . ( Fredrik Sandberg/TT News Agency via AP ) Jacques Dubochet , laureate in Chemistry 2017 , delivers a speech , during the Nobel banquet in the City Hall , in Stockholm , Sunday , Dec. 10 , 2017 . ( Fredrik Sandberg/TT News Agency via AP ) Michael Rosbash , laureate in Medicine 2017 delivers a speech , during the Nobel banquet in the City Hall , in Stockholm , Sunday , Dec. 10 , 2017 . ( Fredrik Sandberg/TT News Agency via AP ) Richard Thaler , Nobel prize laureate in economics 2017 , toasts , during the Nobel banquet in the City Hall , in Stockholm , Sunday , Dec. 10 , 2017 . ( Fredrik Sandberg/TT News Agency via AP )
“ We benefited from an enlightened period in the postwar United States . Our National Institutes of Health have enthusiastically and generously supported basic research … ( but ) the current climate in the U.S. is a warning that continued support can not be taken for granted , ” Rosbash said in a short speech Sunday night at Stockholm 's ornate city hall .
The 2018 federal budget proposed by President Donald Trump calls for cutting science funding by billions of dollars .
“ Also in danger is the pluralistic America into which all three of us of born were born and raised after World War II , ” Rosbash said . “ Immigrants and foreigners have always been an indispensable part of our country , including its great record in scientific research . ”
Literature laureate Kazuo Ishiguro of Britain expressed concern about increasing tensions between social factions .
“ We live today in a time of growing tribal enmities of communities fracturing into bitterly opposed groups , ” said Ishiguro , who was born in Japan .
They said Nobel prizes can counterbalance such animosity .
“ The pride we feel when someone from our nation wins a Nobel prize is different from the one we feel witnessing one of our athletes winning an Olympic medal . We do n't feel the pride of our tribe demonstrating superiority over other tribes . Rather it 's the pride that from knowing that one of us has made a significant contribution to our common human endeavor , ” they said .
In the Norwegian capital of Oslo , a survivor of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima compared their struggle to survive in 1945 to the objectives of the group awarded this year 's Nobel 's Peace Prize .
Setsuko Thurlow , who was 13 when the U.S. bomb devastated their Japanese city during the final weeks of World War II , spoke as a leading activist with the Nobel-winning International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons .
Thurlow said the Hiroshima blast left them buried under the rubble , but they were able to see light and crawl to safety . In the same way , the campaign to which they belong is a driving force behind an international treaty to ban nuclear weapons , they said after ICAN received the Nobel prize it won in October .
“ Our light now is the ban treaty , ” Thurlow said . “ I repeat those words that I heard called to me in the ruins of Hiroshima : ‘ Do n't give up . Keep pushing . See the light ? Crawl toward it . ' ”
The treaty has been signed by 56 countries — none of them nuclear powers — and ratified by only three . To become binding it requires ratification by 50 countries .
ICAN Executive Director Beatrice Fihn , who accepted the prize along with Thurlow , said that while the treaty is far from ratification “ now , at long last , we have an unequivocal norm against nuclear weapons . ”
“ This is the way forward . There is only one way to prevent the use of nuclear weapons — prohibit and eliminate them , ” Fihn said .
The prize winners were announced in October . All except the peace prize were awarded in Sweden on Sunday .
The other laureates were American Richard Thaler for their work in behavioral economics ; American physicists Kip Thorne , Rainer Weiss and Barry Barish for confirming the existence of gravity waves ; and Jacques Dubochet of Switzerland , American Joachim Frank and Richard Henderson of the United Kingdom for advances in electron microscopy .
Heintz reported from Moscow .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DOSWELL , Va. -- On the state fairgrounds you can find just about anything that cures a craving . But when deputies , troopers and members of a state police task force got an anonymous tip about illegal drugs being sold at the State Fair of Virginia , they quickly took action .
The tip steered undercover agents to the EZ Fashions tent on fair grounds property .
Court documents say an undercover agent identified Eslam Zahran and engaged in a conversation about vaping . When the agent asked for a stronger hit , deputies say Zahran nervously reached into a duffle bag and pulled out a cartridge with a yellowish liquid , which turned out to be a synthetic cannabinoid called AB-Fubinaca .
Zahran allegedly told the undercover officer it was $ 50 ; a purchase was made and an arrest was made shortly thereafter .
Health experts tell Burkett that AB-Fubinaca is 85 times more powerful than marijuana .
`` It 's horrifying , '' said Chesterfield mom Kristal Brown . `` You want to go to a place where you take your family to have a good time , the last thing you want is to be concerned that someone is going to sell drugs or anything to your child . That 's not OK . ”
Zahran has been charged with possession of a scheduled I narcotic .
The State Fair of Virginia sent CBS 6 a statement that read :
“ The person worked for a vendor who sold T-shirts and other clothing items . The vendor was shut down and evicted from the site , and will not be returning . ”
GUWAHATI A mob in India beat to death two Muslims who were accused of trying to steal cows for slaughter , police said on Monday , the latest incident in a surge of violence blamed on hardline Hindu groups .
Some Hindu groups are demanding a ban on the slaughter of cows , which many Hindus regard as sacred . '
Activists have been making their demands more vociferously since Prime Minister Narendra Modi , of the Hindu-nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party , came to power in 2014 .
Police said the latest attack happened on Sunday in a village in the northeastern state of Assam .
About 20 people attacked the two Muslim youths , beating them with sticks , after they were accused of plotting to steal cows .
`` When the first police team reached the spot we found the two youths in critical condition after being severely beaten , '' district police chief Debaraj Upadhay told Reuters by telephone .
Some television pictures showed the two victims with their hands tied .
The parents of one of the youths had lodged a complaint and police were investigating . No arrests had been made , Upadhay said .
( Reporting by Zarir Hussain ; Editing by Robert Birsel )
UPDATE 2-Goldman Sachs raises $ 7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $ 7 billion for its new private equity fund , near the top of its targeted goal , according to two people familiar with the matter .
SAN DIEGO ( KUSI ) — A San Diego couple has been reported missing in Central California after they never returned last week from a trip to Sequoia National Park , and in a bizarre twist , evidence has led authorities to search for the couple in the same area where two exchange students ' bodies are still stuck in a car that crashed into a river in late July .
A family member told law enforcement that Yinan Wang , 31 , and their wife , 30-year-old Jie Song , were supposed to return to San Diego last Wednesday , but nobody has heard from the couple since last Sunday , Aug. 6. , when they planned to go to Crystal Caves in Sequoia National Park . The couple was supposed to drive to Fresno and stay in a hotel that night , then continue to Yosemite National Park the next day .
`` However , the relative has not heard from the couple since Aug. 6 and there is no indication they made it to any of the destinations listed above , '' Fresno County Sheriff 's Office spokesperson Tony Botti said .
The couple was last seen driving a white 2012 Ford Focus with California license plate 6XMM431 , Botti said . Fresno County sheriff 's deputies and park rangers at Sequoia National Park both took missing persons reports for Wang and Song on Friday .
But in a bizarre twist , the missing persons report did n't come as a total surprise to sheriff 's deputies , Botti said . That 's because on Aug. 8 , a search and rescue deputy discovered the Focus ' detached license plate while watching news footage from the site where a different car is still stuck in the King River after crashing there on July 26 .
`` The deputy knew ( the license plate ) did not belong to the red car in the river , which is presumed to have been carrying a man and woman from Thailand who are currently enrolled as exchange students at the University of South Florida , '' Botti said .
`` The Search and Rescue member performed a records check on the plate to see if the vehicle had been reported missing , stolen or involved in an accident . Results showed it belonged to a 2012 Ford Focus and no police reports had been filed in relation to the car . ''
The sheriff 's office passed along its information about the license plate to the California Highway Patrol , but its significance was n't realized until three days later when Wang and Song were reported missing .
After putting together those pieces of information , the sheriff 's office and CHP launched an aerial search for the San Diego couple on Saturday `` to see if there are any signs of a white car '' in the canyon area where the red car is still stuck in the river . Deputies and officers found some vehicle parts in the water about 40 yards upstream from the red car , '' Botti said . `` At this point , we are unable to determine if the parts belong to the white Ford Focus . Members of Search and Rescue will have to retrieve the parts before drawing any conclusions . No additional bodies have been found in the water . National Parks Service rangers continue to check their parks for Wang and Song . ''
Botti said the sheriff 's office is now conducting a `` parallel investigation involving the Ford Focus '' as they continue to plan a way to retrieve the red car an the bodies that are assumed to be inside .
Anyone with information about Wang , Song or their Ford Focus was asked to contact the Fresno County Sheriff 's Office at ( 559 ) 600-3111 .
April 12 Erytech Pharma SA :
* Launches capital increase by issuing new shares with par value of 0.10 euros per share
* Capital increase , amounting to approximately 50 million euros ( $ 53.0 million ) , is reserved for a certain category of investors Sources text : bit.ly/2ptSEWw Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9432 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
The 'm A Celebrity ... star has always had a stylish streak ( apart from a couple of bloopers ) .
Georgia Toffolo has been declared winner of this year 's I 'm A Celebrity… Get Me Out of Here ! – beating former Hollyoaks star Jamie Lomas and radio and TV presenter Iain Lee in the final public vote .
The Made In Chelsea regular has been praised by fans for their relentless positivity during their time Down Under , throwing themselves into Bushtucker Trials with the kind of enthusiasm you probably would n't expect from someone who 's more used to dining on London 's finest cuisine , than on creepy-crawlies .
The 22-year-old also managed to look good while doing it – no mean feat when you 're limited to regulation clothing ( plus three sets of swimwear , apparently ) – but then she 's always been a stylish celeb . Well , most of the time .
In honour of Toff being crowned Queen of the Jungle , here , we look back at their fashion hits ( and a few misses ) throughout the years .
First up , we 've got to give Them Celeb Majesty credit for customising their jungle kit . Not just anyone can make fleece gilets , hiking boots and red knee-high socks look good , but Toff nailed it .
( ITV/PA )
The Bushtucker trials certainly looked challenging , but we reckon the infamous jungle shower wo n't have fazed the bubbly babe because she 's used to stripping off back home , while modelling their Toff X With Love Lilly lingerie collections .
ToffxWLL PART 2 has now launched ! 💕 Remember Ladies , all pieces featured are Limited Edition and made-to-order ! Check out the full range now at WWW.WITHLOVELILLY.COM # TOFFXWLL # WithLoveLilly # TaliaWhitePhotography @ with_love_lilly # ad A post shared by Georgia Toffolo ( @ toffgeorgia ) on Nov 30 , 2017 at 12:30pm PST
Ever the savvy celeb , the Chelsea resident often lets a hint of their bra show under a low-cut shirt , as they did at a mobile phone launch earlier this year .
( Ian West/PA )
Taking inspiration from their own nickname , for the Made In Chelsea series 10 premiere the blonde beauty chose a toffee-coloured ensemble and tonal suede shoes that perfectly complemented their golden tan .
( Anthony Devlin/PA )
Keeping it simple in another monochrome look , at a film screening in 2014 , Georgia showed off their enviable abs in a black crop top , mini skirt and court shoes combo .
( Ian West/PA )
Going all-out glam for the Scottish Fashion Awards 2015 , the starlet again chose all-black-everything , keeping it demure in a high-necked top and full-length skirt .
( Ian West/PA )
But she 's no stranger to bright colour either , often rocking a bold lipstick on the red carpet , or when she 's on one of their ( many ) holidays .
❤wearing @ sistersthelabel 📸shot by @ middershugo A post shared by Georgia Toffolo ( @ toffgeorgia ) on Aug 21 , 2017 at 1:28am PDT
So far , so good , but even fashion queens get it wrong sometimes – and not even the self-styled Chelsea Barbie can make this hot pink unitard look good .
Was a little nippy at Bestival as you can see👀👀👀 What fun @ motorolauk # HelloMoto # motoz2play 🤳🏼 A post shared by Georgia Toffolo ( @ toffgeorgia ) on Sep 10 , 2017 at 2:31pm PDT
And while their red-carpet style is usually flawless , we 're not sure what was going on with this look at a Game Of Thrones gala screening last year . Dungarees , leather coat and bright white trainers ? Even Toff ca n't pull it off .
( Ian West/PA )
© Press Association 2017
`` It 's important for political issues , it 's important for human issues , '' said Roman , a university student studying political science . `` All the people are respectful . ''
Living close to the U.S. border , they said they have been taunted by Americans who make fun of their accent . In Canada , they said , people either try to learn Spanish or help if they make a grammatical error .
`` Everybody is so kind , '' they said .
They actually watched a Canadian boy and Mexican girl having a conversation , where neither could speak a word of the other 's language yet , somehow , made themselves understood .
It 's the language of art , they said , that is what brings everyone together .
`` So much ( communication ) is non-lingual , '' they added .
Sixteen-year-old Ben Travis-Miller lives in Oakville and will enter a performing arts high school this fall . Like Roman , they have discovered there are few differences between Mexican and Canadian kids .
`` We even tell the same jokes , '' they said .
Travis-Miller , who hopes for a career in performing arts , is particularly thrilled to be touring with the Mexican kids .
`` I 'm super excited , it 's so cool to be involved , '' they said . `` So far , it 's been really interesting to be in a situation where English is not the language of the majority ( of the group ) . I know some basic Spanish . ''
Sadlier said much of the success of their program in Mexico can be traced to the relationship they and Hannah have built with the families , because they spend so much time in Mexico .
`` Our network of parents and teachers has really strengthened , '' they said . `` That has been the key , to be part of the family , they let you into their lives and their world . ''
The tour group will be spending time sharing music around Ontario , including with First Nations youth performers near Bancroft , a project the Sadliers say will hopefully be the first of many as the Mexican kids get in touch with their Aztec and Mayan ancestry .
The group will also perform at Kultrün , a free world music festival which runs July 14 and 15 in Kitchener 's Victoria Park . As well , their tour takes them to Stratford , Toronto , the Haliburton Highlands , Belleville and Orillia .
`` Then we 're going to Ottawa to perform at ByWard Market , '' they said proudly . `` We 're taking them over to Hull so they can have poutine , and they want to practise their French . ''
vhill @ therecord.com , Twitter : @ HillRecord
vhill @ therecord.com , Twitter : @ HillRecord
-- -
WHEAT KINGS 4 REBELS 3 ( OT )
BRANDON , Man . — Stelio Mattheos capped their hat trick 55 seconds into overtime as the Wheat Kings slipped past Red Deer to halt a nine-game losing streak .
Mattheos also picked up an assist on Chase Hartje 's goal while Logan Thompson made 33 saves for Brandon ( 29-18-5 ) .
Alex Morozoff struck twice and Josh Tarzwell also scored for the Rebels ( 15-25-13 ) , who are 5-0-2 in their last seven . Ethan Anders stopped 20 shots in defeat .
-- -
HURRICANES 3 OIL KINGS 2
LETHBRIDGE , Alta . — Jordy Bellerive scored their first of three straight goals at 15:16 of the third period as the Hurricanes came from behind to beat Edmonton .
Bellerive also scored at 17:15 before producing the winner with a minute to go in regulation for Lethbridge ( 25-21-6 ) . Reece Klassen made 25 saves for the victory .
Brett Kemp and Trey Fix-Wolansky built up a two-goal lead for the Oil Kings ( 14-30-7 ) . Todd Scott kicked out 27 shots in a losing effort .
-- -
WINTERHAWKS 3 AMERICANS 2
PORTLAND , Ore. — Kieffer Bellows scored twice as the Winterhawks handed Tri-City its first regulation-time loss in eight outings .
Ryan Hughes also scored for Portland ( 31-18-4 ) while Shane Farkas made 29 saves for the win .
Dylan Coghlan and Isaac Johnson replied for the Americans ( 27-17-7 ) , who were 5-0-2 before the loss . Patrick Dea made 36 saves in defeat .
-- -
GIANTS 5 TIGERS 4
LANGLEY , B.C . — Alex Kannok Leipert broke a 4-4 deadlock at 16:54 of the third period as Vancouver handed Medicine Hat its fourth loss in a row .
Tyler Popowich , Bowen Byram , Ty Ronning and Dawson Holt also scored for the Giants ( 28-16-8 ) . David Tendeck made 38 saves for the win .
The Tigers ( 26-22-7 ) got their offence from Dalton Gally , Gary Haden , Elijah Brown and Dylan MacPherson . Jordan Hollett combined with Michael Bullion for 34 saves in defeat .
-- -
BRONCOS 5 ICE 3
CRANBROOK , B.C . — Glenn Gawdin scored three times and tacked on an assist as Swift Current got by Kootenay .
Artyom Minulin and Matteo Gennaro also scored for the Broncos ( 37-13-4 ) . Stuart Skinner picked up the win by making 36 saves .
Brett Davis struck twice and Alec Baer also scored for the Ice ( 23-26-3 ) . Matt Berlin combined with Duncan McGovern for 32 saves in defeat .
McGovern 's night ended early after they were given a match penalty for attempt to injure at 10:05 of the third period .
-- -
HITMEN 6 BLAZERS 5 ( SO )
KAMLOOPS , B.C . — Jake Kryski and Carson Focht scored in the shootout as Calgary snapped a four-game slide with a win over the Blazers .
Jakob Stukel scored twice in regulation while Mark Kastelic , Dakota Krebs and Egor Zamula had the others for the Hitmen ( 16-30-6 ) . Matthew Armitage made 36 saves for the win .
Nick Chyzowski had a pair of goals for Kamloops ( 24-24-4 ) . Joe Gatenby and Ryley Appelt also scored and Dylan Ferguson stopped 30 shots in a losing cause .
-- -
ROYALS 3 THUNDERBIRDS 2 ( OT )
KENT , Wash. — Matthew Phillips scored their second of the night at 4:22 of overtime to lift Victoria over Seattle .
Jeff de Wit also scored for the Royals ( 32-18-4 ) , who got a 38-save performance from Griffen Outhouse .
Matthew Wedman and Austin Strand scored for the Thunderbirds ( 26-18-7 ) . Liam Hughes made 31 saves in defeat .
-- -
SILVERTIPS 8 ROCKETS 2
EVERETT , Wash. — Patrick Bajkov had three goals and two assists and Garrett Pilon added two goals and two helpers as the Silvertips toppled Kelowna .
Kevin Davis , Riley Sutter and Martin Fasko-Rudas also scored for Everett ( 34-17-3 ) as Carter Hart made 23 saves for the win .
Cal Foote had both goals for the Rockets ( 32-16-4 ) . Brodan Salmond combined with Cole Tisdale for 34 saves in a losing cause .
-- -
— This roundup was generated automatically with a CP-developed application .
By The Canadian Press
Malaysian authorities say they have detained a woman in the suspicious death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un 's half-brother , Kim Jong Nam . Kim , who was in their mid-forties , was the eldest of former dictator Kim Jong Il 's children . They died en route to the hospital Monday after some sort of encounter at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport .
The woman detained was carrying Vietnamese travel documents , according to police , and was alone at the time of the arrest . Malaysian media cite government sources saying closed-circuit cameras at the airport caught two women approaching Kim . One of them covered their face with a cloth before walking away . Police say Kim fell ill and asked a counter clerk for help .
Sources tell NPR their body was transported earlier Tuesday from one hospital to a larger one — Hospital Kuala Lumpur . An autopsy will be performed .
After growing up in Western countries , Kim has been living outside North Korea for decades . They are believed to have homes in Macau , Beijing and Paris . In 2001 , Kim was detained trying to enter Japan on false travel documents . They later said they were trying to bring their family to Tokyo Disneyland .
The big mystery , if they did n't die of natural causes , is why Kim Jong Nam was attacked , and why now .
`` I do n't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years , '' says Michael Madden , a visiting scholar at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies , who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch .
Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post , from Kuala Lumpur .
March 28 NH Special Purpose Acquisition 8 Co Ltd :
* Says it will issue 102.6 million shares to merge with RFHIC , which is engaged in manufacturing business of wireless communications equipment
* The co will survive and RFHIC will be dissolved after the merger
* Merger ratio is 1:8.7180000 between the company and RFHIC
* Merger effective date is Aug. 18
Source text in Korean : goo.gl/j1IXff
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
FILE PHOTO : An advertisement is played on a set of large screens at the Microsoft Office in Cambridge , Massachusetts , U.S. , on January 25 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brian Snyder/File Photo
Microsoft Corp 's ( MSFT.O ) lineup of Surface tablets , laptops and desktop computers has always been a paradox .
The software company 's surprise foray into hardware became a billion-dollar-plus business and even managed to outclass longtime rival Apple Inc ( AAPL.O ) with its Surface Studio desktop machine last fall , according to some tech critics .
At the same time , the Surface range competes with Microsoft 's longstanding PC maker partners , such as Dell Technologies , Lenovo Group Ltd ( 0992.HK ) and HP Inc ( HPQ.N ) , which pay billions of dollars to license Windows , Microsoft 's traditional cash cow .
Those two facets came into sharp relief in the latest quarter , when Surface sales suffered while Microsoft 's own Windows licensing customers prospered .
Surface revenue declined 26 percent to $ 831 million , its lowest tally in a year . Meanwhile , the overall PC industry staged a slight comeback , notching a 0.6 percent gain in shipments for the first time in years , according to IDC . That helped drive Microsoft 's Windows licensing revenue up 5 percent this quarter .
Effectively , Microsoft lost in Surface sales , but it gained in Windows licensing .
It has always been part of Microsoft 's Surface strategy to release flagship models that goad the rest of the PC industry to improve its products , said Microsoft investor relations director Zack Moxcey .
They said competition from PC makers selling lower-priced hardware , along with some Surface hardware nearing time for an upgrade , led to the lower Surface sales .
`` It 's definitely about driving the health and performance of the broader windows ecosystem , '' Moxcey said .
Buried in the supplemental information Microsoft provides investors , there was further silver lining . The company said sales of Windows licenses destined for consumer PCs was down 1 percent , but revenue for more lucrative Windows licenses for business and educational computers was up 10 percent .
Moxcey said this was attributable to sales of higher-priced machines , especially for businesses . `` That carries a higher revenue-per-license for us , '' they said .
The data fits with Dell 's latest results , as the PC maker 's sales of computers to businesses rose 11.6 percent year over year to $ 6.6 billion in its last quarter , versus 8.5 percent growth for consumer PCs .
Rebounding sales of Windows PCs to schools and businesses is a boon for Microsoft , which is staking its comeback on business and productivity software .
And higher Windows revenue per license means that the Surface strategy - to pull the PC industry back upmarket with expensive flagship machines after a years-long race to the bottom on prices - might be getting some traction .
( Reporting by Stephen Nellis ; Editing by Bill Rigby )
Edmunds rounds up latest full-size pickups
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-8 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 8 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : Carlos Osorio , AP Image 1 of / 8 Caption Close Image 1 of 8 FILE- This Jan. 15 , 2018 , file photo shows the 2019 Ram 1500 at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit . Ram shook up the truck world a decade ago with a new rear suspension design that delivered sedan-like ride comfort without sacrificing capability . The rivals have since caught up , but the new Ram , thoroughly overhauled for 2019 and now on sale , continues to innovate . less FILE- This Jan. 15 , 2018 , file photo shows the 2019 Ram 1500 at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit . Ram shook up the truck world a decade ago with a new rear suspension design that delivered ... more Photo : Carlos Osorio , AP Image 2 of 8 FILE- In this Jan. 13 , 2018 , file photo the 2019 Chevrolet Silverado High Country pickup is unveiled in Detroit . The 2019 Chevrolet Silverado features a ground-up redesign that results in a longer , lighter pickup . Weight savings of around 450 pounds should pay dividends for fuel economy and acceleration . less FILE- In this Jan. 13 , 2018 , file photo the 2019 Chevrolet Silverado High Country pickup is unveiled in Detroit . The 2019 Chevrolet Silverado features a ground-up redesign that results in a longer , lighter ... more Photo : Carlos Osorio , AP Image 3 of 8 FILE- In this Jan. 9 , 2017 , file photo , a 2018 Ford F-150 is displayed at the North American International Auto show in Detroit . Perennially the top-selling vehicle in America , the F-150 reigns supreme among full-size trucks . less FILE- In this Jan. 9 , 2017 , file photo , a 2018 Ford F-150 is displayed at the North American International Auto show in Detroit . Perennially the top-selling vehicle in America , the F-150 reigns supreme among ... more Photo : Carlos Osorio , AP Image 4 of 8 This undated photo provided by General Motors shows the 2019 GMC Sierra . The 2019 Sierra will offer a more upscale interior than the Chevy , along with other exclusive features such as a carbon-fiber cargo box and enhanced technology . ( Courtesy of General Motors via AP ) less This undated photo provided by General Motors shows the 2019 GMC Sierra . The 2019 Sierra will offer a more upscale interior than the Chevy , along with other exclusive features such as a carbon-fiber cargo box ... more Photo : AP Image 5 of 8 Image 6 of 8 This undated photo provided by Nissan shows the 2018 Nissan Titan . It offers a 390-horsepower V8 engine as well as an XD version that splits the difference between the capabilities of a regular half-ton truck and a heavy-duty truck . ( Courtesy of Nissan North America via AP ) less This undated photo provided by Nissan shows the 2018 Nissan Titan . It offers a 390-horsepower V8 engine as well as an XD version that splits the difference between the capabilities of a regular half-ton truck ... more Photo : Nissan , AP Image 7 of 8 This photo provided by Toyota shows the 2018 Toyota Tundra . The Tundra can be had with one of two V8 engines . ( Courtesy of Toyota Motor Sales U.S.A. via AP ) This photo provided by Toyota shows the 2018 Toyota Tundra . The Tundra can be had with one of two V8 engines . ( Courtesy of Toyota Motor Sales U.S.A. via AP ) Photo : AP Image 8 of 8 Edmunds rounds up latest full-size pickups 1 / 8 Back to Gallery
The 2019 model year marks the start of a new cycle for some of America 's top trucks , led by redesigned pickups from Chevrolet and Ram . Ford 's top-selling F-150 had updates in 2018 , and more may be in the offing for 2019 . Typically , Japanese truckmakers Nissan and Toyota are n't far behind with their own updates . Edmunds breaks down what you need to know about today 's crop of full-size pickups .
2019 CHEVROLET SILVERADO
Arriving at dealers in the fall , the 2019 Chevrolet Silverado features a ground-up redesign that results in a longer , lighter pickup . Weight savings of around 450 pounds should pay dividends for fuel economy and acceleration .
The new Silverado offers a taller driving position and more room in crew-cab models . It also has the largest cargo box in its class and a power-lowering and -raising tailgate that 's exclusive to the class .
The Silverado offers a variety of engines : a V6 ( 285 horsepower ) , a V8 ( 355 horsepower ) , a larger and stronger V8 ( 420 horsepower ) , and a turbocharged four-cylinder ( 310 horsepower ) . A six-cylinder diesel arrives in early 2019 .
The Silverado 's mechanical twin , the GMC Sierra , is also new and goes on sale in the fall . The 2019 Sierra will offer a more upscale interior than the Chevy , along with other exclusive features such as a carbon-fiber cargo box and enhanced technology . The MSRP for a 2019 Silverado crew cab ranges from $ 34,600 to $ 53,000 .
2018 FORD F-150
Perennially the top-selling vehicle in America , the F-150 reigns supreme among full-size trucks . Multiple trims and configurations , four engine options , and remarkable capabilities make the F-150 a benchmark . Engines include a new base-level 3.3-liter V6 ( 290 horsepower ) , along with two turbo V6 options ( 325 horsepower or 375 horsepower ) , a V8 ( 395 horsepower ) and a new diesel V6 ( 250 horsepower ) .
With towing capacity of up to 13,200 pounds and up to 25 mpg combined city/highway fuel economy , there 's not much the F-150 ca n't do . There 's even the bonkers 450-horsepower Raptor edition that can traverse broad swaths of off-road terrain without breaking a sweat . The MSRP for a 2018 F-150 crew cab ranges from $ 34,245 to $ 60,850 . The 2019 F-150 is expected to be released later this summer .
2018 NISSAN TITAN
Built in Mississippi , the Titan is nearly as American as its domestic rivals despite its Japanese origins . The current Titan was redesigned for 2017 with a bold new look and a new XD model that splits the difference between the capabilities of regular half-ton and heavy-duty pickups . The Titan offers a single 390-horsepower V8 engine and can tow up to 9,740 pounds . The XD version comes with the same V8 or an optional diesel V8 that helps the truck tow up to 12,640 pounds .
The Titan 's not our first choice among full-size pickups , but it 's roomy and comfortable and it delivers legitimate capability at an attractive price . The MSRP for a 2018 Nissan Titan crew cab ranges from $ 35,930 to $ 56,800 . The 2019 Nissan Titan arrives this fall .
2019 RAM 1500
Ram shook up the truck world a decade ago with a new rear suspension design that delivered sedan-like ride comfort without sacrificing capability . A refined , comfortable cabin and advanced tech features made its rivals look like archaic work trucks almost overnight . The rivals have since caught up , but the new Ram , thoroughly overhauled for 2019 and now on sale , continues to innovate .
A new frame and body design yield more room for rear passengers and reduce weight by about 200 pounds . The Ram 's V8 engine ( 395 horsepower ) returns with a revamped eight-speed transmission that makes more timely shifts . There 's also a 3.6-liter V6 base engine that will be paired up with an electric-assist system for smoother power and acceleration and a maximum tow capacity of 12,750 pounds . Redesigned front seats , new technology features and an optional 12-inch infotainment display add to the Ram 's winning streak of refinement . The MSRP for a 2019 Ram 1500 crew cab ranges from $ 34,495 to $ 56,495 .
2018 TOYOTA TUNDRA
The Tundra has gone the longest of any in this group without a full redesign . It 's still plenty capable , offering two V8 engines ( 310 horsepower and 381 horsepower ) , two body styles and three bed lengths . It can tow up to 10,200 pounds , carry a 1,730-pound payload and handle itself well off-road . The Tundra also is built in the U.S .
The aging Tundra could benefit from a diesel engine ( increased towing strength ) , a smaller turbocharged V6 ( better fuel economy ) and a thorough technology update . Still , the Tundra has a charm for certain truck buyers . The MSRP for a 2018 Toyota Tundra crew cab ranges from $ 35,450 to $ 50,330 . The 2019 model arrives in the fall .
EDMUNDS SAYS : With new designs from Chevrolet and Ram and further refinements to the venerable F-150 , it 's a great time for full-size truck shoppers . Most pickups offer similar capabilities , so look for such qualities as comfort and innovative technology to make a difference .
____
This story was provided to The Associated Press by the automotive website Edmunds . Dan Frio is a staff writer at Edmunds . Twitter : @ danfrio ; Instagram : danfrio
Related links :
— Video : 2019 Ram 1500 First Drive https : //bit.ly/2N6jlxm
— Video : Diesel or Gas ? Two F-150s Face Off https : //bit.ly/2KteVid
— Video : 2019 Chevrolet Silverado Unveil https : //bit.ly/2KgcIe0
— Truck Tech : A Look at the Coolest Newest Pickup Truck Technology https : //edmu.in/2MtRupB
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON , June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take `` weeks or months '' before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles .
GETTING THE BOUNCE This Man 's Pong Move Is So Much Of A Failure It 's Nearly A Win
Your only competition is ultimately yourself , and this man takes that very much to heart .
A bridge that has been shut for over a week after vandals cut away metal cables from the structure could be shut for another fortnight .
The Millennium footbridge has been shut since the evening of Monday , May 21 with both ends fenced off .
Large metal cables integral to the structure were inexplicably cut .
Neil Rodgers , service director for planning , transportation and highways at Wakefield Council , said : “ The specialist contractor required for these works will be making the repairs within the next two weeks .
“ The bridge will remain closed until the repairs are complete .
“ Alternative pedestrian access across the river is available over Castleford Bridge on Lock Lane .
“ Anyone who has any information regarding this crime is asked to report it to West Yorkshire Police who are investigating . ”
NEW YORK | Semyon Varlamov helped the Colorado Avalanche get the new season off to a winning start and spoiled Kevin Shattenkirk 's first game with their hometown team .
Varlamov stopped 37 shots , Tyson Barrie scored the tiebreaking goal late in the second period and the Avalanche beat the New York Rangers 4-2 in the teams ' opener Thursday night .
“ I definitely felt good out there , ” Varlamov said . “ I felt very confident , I had a couple good saves at the beginning of the game , and those saves gave me confidence . I saw lots of shots from the outside , which is thanks to my teammates . ”
Matt Duchene and Mikko Rantanen scored in the first period , and Gabriel Landeskog added an empty-netter for the Avalanche , who finished with the fewest points in the NHL last season .
“ That 's a pretty big night by Varly in order to get us the win , ” Colorado coach Jared Bednar said . “ That 's how you win — your top guys step up . Varly was on top of our list . ”
Mika Zibanejad scored two power-play goals late in the first period for the Rangers , and Henrik Lundqvist had 22 saves .
Shattenkirk , who grew up a Rangers fan in suburban New Rochelle and signed with New York in the offseason , had an assist to move one point away from 300 for their career .
“ The result still stings right now , ” they said . “ When I look back on it a long time from now , it will obviously be a great moment for me . It 's still a special night in my career . But right now I think I am just a little upset with the result and some plays out there that I felt like I could have had a better effect on the game and helped our team out a little bit more . ”
New York finished 2 for 6 on the power play , and Colorado was 1 for 5 .
Zibanejad missed the net from the left circle about 4 1/2 minutes into the third period . Varlamov , who stopped David Desharnais in close earlier in the third , denied Rick Nash up front 20 seconds later , and the Avalanche goalie then thwarted Brady Skjei 's wraparound attempt about six minutes in .
Varlamov also made two big saves on Zibanejad with about four minutes to go .
The Rangers pulled Lundqvist for an extra skater with 1 1/2 minutes remaining , but could n't get the tying goal . Landeskog capped the scoring with just under 3 seconds left .
Both goalies made some nice stops in a chippy second period that saw the teams combine for eight penalties — five by the Rangers .
Barrie put the Avalanche up 3-2 as they came up the middle , took a pass from rookie Alex Kerfoot , skated up and fired it past Lundqvist into the top left corner with 2:10 remaining in the middle period .
“ That was a sweet dish , ” Barrie said of Kerfoot 's pass . “ His patience , it 's fun to watch . I just came in late , and did n't even really call for it , they just put it on my tape , and I fired as quick as I could . ”
Duchene , still with the Avalanche after being involved in offseason trade rumors , got Colorado on the scoreboard 5:29 into the game . Lundqvist stopped the initial shot by Nail Yakupov , but the puck dropped to the goalie 's left and Patrick Nemeth and Duchene both took whacks at the puck with Duchene putting it in .
After getting several good looks during their first power play a minute later , the Rangers then fell behind 2-0 as the Avalanche took advantage of their first man-advantage .
With New York 's 18-year-old rookie center Filip Chytil off for tripping , Rantanen took a pass from Nathan MacKinnon in the right circle and beat Lundqvist with a slap shot into the top right corner with 9:07 left in the first .
With the Rangers on the power play , Chris Kreider nearly got the Rangers on the scoreboard as their attempt on a rebound of Shattenkirk 's shot hit the right post . Seconds later , the puck came back to Shattenkirk and they passed it to the left to Zibanejad , who fired it past Varlamov with 3:32 to go .
The Rangers were on the power play again when Zibanejad got their second of the game from beyond the left circle off a pass from Mats Zuccarello with 2 seconds left in the period .
NOTES : Zibanejad became the first Rangers player with two power-play goals on opening night since Jaromir Jagr against Philadelphia on Oct. 5 , 2005 . … C Chytil , selected No . 21 overall in the NHL Draft , became the fourth-youngest player to appear in a game for the Rangers at 18 years , 30 days old , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . … The teams conclude the season series Jan. 20 at Colorado . … Barrie is now eight points from becoming the sixth defenseman in franchise history to reach 200 for their career .
UP NEXT
Avalanche : At New Jersey on Saturday .
Rangers : At Toronto on Saturday night .
___
Follow Vin Cherwoo on Twitter at https : //twitter.com/VinCherwooAP
___
More AP NHL coverage : https : //www.apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Gillian Anderson says they could be dating a woman next year .
The twice-divorced actor - who came out as bisexual in 2012 - is currently in a relationship with 'The Crown ' creator Peter Morgan but admitted they are only `` part long-term '' in their romance .
Speaking to The Times magazine , they said : `` I could be with a woman next year ! Part of me looks long-term . As long as there 's always a back door . ''
And speaking about their bisexuality , they insisted they do n't care what other people think .
Gillian , 49 , said : `` It 's just who I am . I have absolutely no issue with it whatsoever , and I do n't really care if other people have an issue with it .
`` We 're all intersectional , and that is something that is only just beginning to become accepted or embraced . We 're all complicated beings . That is my truth and that is my experience . ''
However , Gillian insisted they are currently very happy in their relationship with Peter and loves that they work in the same industry .
They said : `` I 'm constantly grateful for the symbiosis because I have n't had that experience before . ''
Meanwhile , Gillian recently confirmed they are quitting 'The X-Files ' .
The actor had previously hinted that the current 11th season of the sci-fi drama - in which they have starred as FBI agent Dana Scully since 1993 - would be their last in the role , and during a panel at the 2018 Winter TCA Tour last month , they confirmed their decision .
Rask has n't lost in regulation since Nov. 26 . They improved to 18-0-2 in their last 20 starts , and had an assist on Schaller 's score .
Marner and the Maple Leafs knew Rask was on a hot streak , and they felt like they needed more traffic in front of the net .
`` He 's been unbelievable the last month and a bit , '' they said . `` We knew that coming in . When you give them their eyes , he 's going to make the saves . ''
The Maple Leafs had their four-game winning streak stopped and lost for the first time in seven games against Boston after going 5-0-1 .
`` They came ready to play , '' Toronto goaltender Frederik Andersen said . `` They were right on top of us getting out of the zone . ''
Pastrnak 's score moved the Bruins ahead 2-1 when they came in on the right wing and fired a shot that caromed in off Andersen 's left shoulder at 8:03 . Krug one-timed a shot by Andersen with 3:13 left in the period . It was Andersen 's first regular-season loss to Boston after they won their first nine games .
Bruins captain Zdeno Chara played their 1,400th NHL game .
The Bruins had jumped ahead when Bergeron fired a wrister past Andersen 4:29 into the game , stopping Toronto 's shutout streak at 146 minutes , 46 seconds .
Less than a minute later , Rask made a right-pad stop on Kasperi Kapanen 's clean break-in .
NOTES : Toronto D Ron Hainsey returned after missing the previous game due to an illness . ... Bruins D Kevan Miller was out with an upper body injury . . Boston F Brad Marchand served the fourth of their five-game suspension for elbowing New Jersey 's Marcus Johansson . ... The teams face each other once more in the regular season , in Toronto on Feb. 24 .
UP NEXT
Maple Leafs : Host Anaheim on Monday in the opener of a five-game homestand . They beat the Ducks in the only other meeting this season .
Bruins : At Detroit on Tuesday in the first of two straight on the road . They 've won both games against the Red Wings this season .
By Ken Powtak , The Associated Press
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME , June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday .
The BC SPCA holds their annual golf tournament at Sunset Ranch in Kelowna
Warm weather and fluffy puppies enticed more than 90 golfers to Sunset Ranch Golf Club on Sunday for the 13th Annual BC SPCA Golf Tournament .
All of the proceeds from the day 's event will go to help the animals at the Kelowna shelter . Branch manager Sean Hogan estimates about $ 40,000 will be raised from thanks to the avid golfers and animal lovers .
The event included a live auction , a ball drop for some ‘ woozy treats ' , purchased mulligans and of course puppies that are now available for adoption at the Kelowna Branch located at 3785 Casorso Road .
Everyone from Power 104 's Bob Mills to Tony Crescenzo of Kat Tire , to Black Press ' own Karen Hill tee 'd off on the course for a fun day in the sun .
Check out some of the highlights below .
@ Jen_zee
jen.zielinski @ bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
March 29 American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings Inc :
* American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings - on March 22 , shareholder class action lawsuit was filed against Metaldyne Performance Group , members of MPG 'S board
* American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings Inc - complaint seeks , among other things , injunctive relief and an award of attorneys ' fees and expenses
* American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings - on March 23 , plaintiff filed motion for preliminary injunction , request for expedited hearing before special meeting
* American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings - on March 28 , plaintiff filed notice with court voluntarily withdrawing their motion for preliminary injunction as moot Source text : ( bit.ly/2nuvBv6 ) Further company coverage :
YANGON : Myanmar police say they have arrested a mentally ill man who confessed to tossing a petrol bomb into the Yangon compound of de facto leader Aung San Suu Kyi this week . Suu Kyi was not home when the crude bomb landed inside the gate of their lakeside villa on Thursday , causing little damage other than a fire that burned a water pipe . Using photos taken by a witness of the attack , officers arrested Win Naing , 48 , in the early hours of Friday , according to a report posted on Yangon police 's official Facebook page . “ He confessed that they took a bottle filled with petrol…and threw it into the compound , ” the report said , adding that Win Naing does a security job for a construction company . Police said they believe Win Naing has “ mental health problems ” but will continue to take legal action against him . They told officers that they were motivated to throw the bomb because they had been “ cursed by magic ” , the police report said . Suu Kyi has not commented on the incident .
AFP
April 10 Lakeside Minerals Inc
* Lakeside Minerals announces $ 2.5 million unit private placement
* Lakeside Minerals Inc - undertaking a brokered private placement offering of up to 2,500 units
* Lakeside Minerals Inc - offering was upsized from previously announced principal amount of CAD $ 2 million
* Lakeside Minerals Inc - intends to take steps to de-list from TSX Venture Exchange prior to completion of offering
* Lakeside Minerals Inc - after completion of offering , co intends to apply to list its common shares on Canadian Securities Exchange Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
UPDATE 1-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON , June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take `` weeks or months '' before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles .
City council wants to hear from residents on community safety issues and police priorities .
An online and telephone survey are underway to gather feedback from citizens to help council better understand what issues the community would like to see Red Deer RCMP focus on , and to set objectives , priorities and goals for the Annual Policing Plan .
“ This is an important opportunity for council to learn more about what our citizens are concerned about from a community safety and policing perspective , and to better understand where we need to focus our safety and enforcement efforts , ” said Mayor Tara Veer .
The online survey is open to all City of Red Deer residents and takes approximately five to 10 minutes to complete . It 's available at www.reddeer.ca/surveys and will be open until April 6th . The phone survey runs from March 19th to April 6th , with a random sample of landline and cell phone numbers in the City .
In addition to the online and telephone survey , citizens are invited to share their feedback on policing issues with council at the City 's annual Let 's Talk event on April 7th at Parkland Mall .
“ The surveys will provide us with valuable information to assist council with our decision-making on behalf of our community . Engaging in meaningful conversations is critical when addressing complex issues like safety and policing , ” said Veer . “ My council colleagues and I look forward to exploring these issues with citizens at Let 's Talk . ”
Let 's Talk is an annual event hosted by the City of Red Deer . Staff representing numerous City departments and agencies are available to answer residents ' questions about projects , programs and services offered by the City . The free , interactive event takes place April 7th , 9:30 a.m. to 6 p.m. at Parkland Mall . For more information , visit www.reddeer.ca/letstalk .
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
A 24-year-old man has been charged with stunt driving after travelling more than 50 km/h over the speed limit early Saturday morning .
Hamilton police spotted a black Ford Mustang driving more than 135 km/h in an 80 km/h zone on Highway 6 , north of Parkside Drive , around 2:30 a.m .
A Waterloo man has been charged with stunt driving under the Highway Traffic Act .
They are scheduled to appear in court Jan. 8 .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DINWIDDIE COUNTY , Va. – A man is recovering after being pistol-whipped during a beating at a Dinwiddie County home over the weekend .
Crime Insider sources tell Jon Burkett that Robert Williams suffered the brutal beating early Sunday morning inside a home on Pond Drive .
Dinwiddie deputies have arrested and charged Travis Tyrone Rogers with malicious wounding in connection with the attack .
Sources said Rogers and another man pistol-whipped Williams to the point that they required a Medflight to VCU Medical Center . Those sources said they were originally transported by ambulance to Southside Regional Medical Center , but had to be transported because of the significance of the injuries .
Crime Insider sources said the suspects also tried to drown Williams by holding their mouth closed over a water hose . Williams is recovering with a combined 46 staples and stitches .
Those sources said they are still looking for another suspect in attack . Investigators have not released a motive for the attack at this time .
An AK-47 was recovered in connection with the case ; however investigators are not saying how exactly it relates to the investigation .
Dinwiddie deputies continue their investigation .
If you have information that could help deputies — call the Dinwiddie County Sheriff 's Office at 804-469-3755 or Petersburg / Dinwiddie Crime Solvers at 804-861-1212 .
FILE PHOTO : Several Boeing 777s sit on the assembly line at the company 's plant in Everett , Washington , October 18 , 2012 . REUTERS/Andy Clark/File Photo
FILE PHOTO : Rolls-Royce Trent XWB engines , designed specifically for the Airbus A350 family of aircraft , are seen on the assembly line at the Rolls-Royce factory in Derby , November 30 , 2016 . REUTERS/Paul Ellis/Pool/File Photo
FILE PHOTO : The logo of an Airbus A350-1000 is pictured on a scale model during its maiden flight event in Colomiers near Toulouse , Southwestern France , November 24 , 2016 . REUTERS/Regis Duvignau/File Photo
SYDNEY Both Airbus ( AIR.PA ) and Boeing ( BA.N ) now offer aircraft that appear capable of flying non-stop commercial flights from Sydney to London - the `` Holy Grail '' for Australian carrier Qantas Airways Ltd ( QAN.AX ) .
As long as oil prices do n't go much higher than around $ 70 per barrel , the 20-hour flight can be financially viable , and could be on schedules within five years , aviation experts say .
Airbus has increased the range of its A350-900ULR to 9,700 nautical miles ( 17,960 kms ) from the 8,700 nautical miles announced when it sold the plane to Singapore Airlines ( SIAL.SI ) in 2015 for delivery next year , a spokesperson told Reuters . Including headwinds , the Sydney-London flight is equivalent to 9,600 nautical miles .
( For a graphic on the evolution of Sydney-London flights click here )
`` These aircraft , we think , are potentially real goers on these routes , '' Qantas CEO Alan Joyce told Reuters of the A350-900ULR and the bigger but less advanced Boeing 777-8 . `` You know from what they have done on other aircraft that Sydney-London and Melbourne-London has real possibility . ''
For Qantas , a non-stop Sydney-London route that cuts three hours off the flight time would allow it to charge a premium and differentiate its product from the around two dozen other airlines plying the so-called Kangaroo route with stop-offs in Singapore , Dubai and Hong Kong .
The route accounts for only 13 percent of Qantas ' international capacity , but carries the prestige QF1 flight number and is important to its global brand .
Qantas could charge around a 20 percent price premium for a non-stop Sydney-London flight as it would attract business and premium leisure travellers wanting to complete the trip as fast as possible , said Rico Merkert , a professor specialising in transport at the University of Sydney 's business school .
`` It 's something that can be presented as a unique selling point for Qantas , '' they said .
FUELLING DOUBTS
Qantas begins non-stop flights from Perth to London next year , using the Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner . For this scheduled flight , the Dreamliner will have fewer seats than usual , will use the most advanced flight path modelling methods , and will reduce the weight in areas seemingly as minor as the dishes and forks .
The Perth flight will take 17 hours - a far cry from the four days and seven stops it took when Qantas created the Kangaroo Route to London in 1947 .
Qantas can offset the higher cost of carrying more fuel to complete the flight by saving on stopover costs , such as airport charges , ground handling , taxes , crew hotel rooms and lounge usage .
`` In terms of economics , much depends on fuel prices , '' said Teal Group aerospace analyst Richard Aboulafia . `` If they stay at $ 50 a barrel or less , it should be possible to keep costs reasonable . But as fuel goes up , the disadvantages of flying a very heavy plane begin to make ultra-long haul problematic . ''
They said the flight should remain economic at prices below around $ 70 a barrel , though Leeham Co analyst Bjorn Fehrm said the actual level could be far higher than one-stop rivals would also be squeezed by higher oil prices .
Singapore Airlines ended its New York and Los Angeles flights using the four-engined A340-500 in 2013 when oil prices topped $ 107 a barrel . The carrier is now waiting for delivery of the far more fuel-efficient twin-engined A350-900ULR next year .
HEADWINDS
Qantas is pushing the planemakers hard on a stretch goal of completing the Sydney-London flight with 300 seats to give it the highest possible revenue and fleet flexibility .
However , Fehrm said the aircraft would likely fall short of that goal if Qantas wanted to avoid a fuel stop on the westbound leg when headwinds are strongest . If such stopovers became frequent enough , Qantas would lose its ability to charge a premium on the route .
Two aviation industry sources said the Airbus A350-900ULR would fit more than 250 passengers on the Sydney-London route , up from the 170 mainly business-class seats on Singapore Airlines ' configuration for flights to New York and Los Angeles .
Boeing 's 777-8 , due to enter service early in the next decade , could carry around 280 passengers on the westbound leg of the Sydney-London flight , the sources said . The sources declined to be named because the configuration details are not finalised . Airbus and Boeing declined to comment specifically on the seat count .
`` We think our airplane has the legs and the capability , '' said Dinesh Keskar , Boeing Senior Vice President Sales Asia-Pacific and India . `` If the 787-9 can do Perth-London , we think that when the 777-8 comes out in the 2021 timeframe we will have a lot more improvement in technology . ''
Airbus , Boeing and engine manufacturers are constantly investing to reduce fuel usage , extending a plane 's range and its ability to perform in hot conditions like the Middle East .
That means the planemakers do n't have to invest specifically for any Qantas order , the size of which is still unclear .
Pushing the seat count towards 300 would also give Qantas the flexibility to use these aircraft on other long routes , such as a mooted Sydney-New York flight , as it looks to replace six ageing 747-400ER planes and eventually its fleet of 12 A380s .
BEST PRICING
Qantas ' Joyce has raised publicly the possibility of ordering the 777-8 for ultra-long haul flights for the last two years , but the A350-900ULR has entered the equation more recently .
`` It has added competition , and we would be crazy if we did n't do a competition at the right time , '' Joyce said . `` That gets you the best pricing and ... the most capable aircraft . ''
Qantas has yet to launch a formal tender process for the prestige order , as it waits for Boeing to finalise the specifications on the 777-8 . But the first Sydney-London flights are possible around 2022 , Joyce said .
`` The Kangaroo route is probably the most competitive on the globe , '' Joyce said . `` ( Flying non-stop ) takes us off this superhighway of very competitive conditions of capacity which is priced , in many cases , under costs . ''
( Reporting by Jamie Freed ; Editing by Ian Geoghegan )
`` Unilateral responses and threats over trade war will solve nothing of the serious imbalances in the world trade . Nothing , '' French President Emmanuel Macron said in an impassioned speech at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris .
In a clear reference to Trump , Macron added : `` These solutions might bring symbolic satisfaction in the short term . ... One can think about making voters happy by saying , ' I have a victory , I 'll change the rules , you 'll see . ' ''
But Macron said those `` who waged bilateral trade wars ... saw an increase in prices and an increase in unemployment . ''
Tariffs on steel imports to the U.S. can help local producers of the metal by making foreign products more expensive . But they can also increase costs more broadly for U.S. manufacturers who can not source all their steel locally and need to import the raw material . That hurts the companies and can lead to more expensive consumer prices , economists say .
Ross criticized the EU for its tough negotiating position .
`` There can be negotiations with or without tariffs in place . There are plenty of tariffs the EU has on us . It 's not that we ca n't talk just because there are tariffs , '' they said . They noted that `` China has not used that as an excuse not to negotiate . ''
But German Economy Minister Peter Altmaier insisted the Europeans were being `` constructive '' and were ready to negotiate special trade arrangements , notably for liquefied natural gas and industrial goods , including cars .
Macron also proposed to start negotiations between the U.S. , the EU , China and Japan to reshape the World Trade Organization to better regulate trade . Discussions could then be expanded to include other countries to agree on changes by the end of the year .
Ross expressed concern that the Geneva-based World Trade Organization and other organizations are too rigid and slow to adapt to changes in global business .
`` We would operate within ( multilateral ) frameworks if we were convinced that people would move quickly , '' they said .
Ross and Lighthizer seemed like the odd men out at this week 's gathering at the OECD , an international economic agency that includes the U.S. as a prominent member .
The agency issued a report Wednesday saying `` the threat of trade restrictions has begun to adversely affect confidence '' and tariffs `` would negatively influence investment and jobs . ''
___
Charlton and Corbet reported from Paris . Masha Macpherson and Oleg Cetinic in Paris and Paul Wiseman and Jill Colvin in Washington contributed to this report .
By Ken Thomas , Sylvie Corbet And Angela Charlton , The Associated Press
× Richmond woman lands on 2018 world championship U.S. Parachute team
RICHMOND , Va – The sky is the limit for Richmond resident Christine Bruchac who just earned a slot on the prestigious U.S. Parachute Team that will compete at the 2018 World Championships in Australia .
Bruchac and their team , Phoenix XP , earned the team spot as the highest-placing all-female four-way formation skydiving team at the U.S. Parachute Association ( USPA ) National Skydiving Championships last week at Skydive Perris in California .
In formation skydiving , four-person teams exit the airplane more than two miles above the ground and race against the clock to form prescribed geometric formations in freefall before opening their parachutes .
A videographer jumps with the team to capture the maneuvers for the judges on the ground .
Bruchac , 39 , has completed more than 3,000 skydives . Phoenix XP will head to the World Championships as the U.S. 's all-female four-way team .
Founded in 1946 , the USPA is a non-profit association dedicated to the promotion of safe skydiving nationwide , establishing strict safety standards , training policies and programs at more than 240 USPA-affiliated skydiving schools and centers throughout the United States .
Each year , USPA 's 39,000-plus members and hundreds of thousands of first-timers make nearly four million jumps in the U.S. USPA represents skydivers before all levels of government , the public and the aviation industry and sanctions national skydiving competitions and records .
The Sundance Film Festival , which took place in January , got a real taste of bi-cultural talent when it included a digital series titled Gente-Fied , which features an all Latino cast with a majority of Latino crew members .
One of those Latino crew members includes award-winning actor and producer America Ferrera , who provided their talent off and on the screen on the web series as one of the characters and as an executive producer . We caught up with Ferrera who gave us the rundown on the show and their opinion on gentrification .
What is Gente-Fied about ?
Gente-Fied is a web series about the gentrification of Boyle Heights , a predominately Latino community in Los Angeles . The term “ Gente-Fied ” was coined by the people of Boyle Heights and it means the gentrification of a community from within . The series explores a cast of characters all who live and work in Boyle Heights and explores all different kinds of characters generationally .
As a Latina-American , do you feel that you relate to the series ?
When I read the scripts , I felt as a Latina-American that I was always sort of torn between identities as an American , someone who adapted and was pushed to adapt to American culture but also I had roots engrained in a culture that was at home . I think that will appeal to a lot of people , not just Latinos but anyone from families where there is conflict of identity .
What do you want people to take from the show ?
Our writer and director Marvin Lemus is a young , Mexican-Guatemalan American and their cowriter is a young Mexican-American , Linda Yvette Chavez . It shifts the world from the perspective of young American Latino millennials and that 's not perspective that I 've seen represented in our main stream media so I think that millions of people will feel represented .
With the complexities of gentrification , do you see any positives outcomes from these changes ?
One of the things that this series is exploring [ is ] how much of a certain culture gets buried and ignored in gentrification . An early sign of gentrification is when the coffee shops and art studios start opening up , a sort of sanitizing of culture instead of seeing and appreciating the culture that is already there , especially in a place like Boyle Heights , where this is a neighborhood that historically is an immigrant neighborhood , that has had waves of different kinds of immigrants . While it 's wonderful to see community revitalized economically and to see people discover new places , that often comes a brushing aside of the culture that already exists .
The trailer plays with lines like “ No drugs . No guns . No drugs… maybe some drugs. ” Do you feel that Latinos are misrepresented in the media ?
There is so few representations . The same stereotypes get played over and over again . I think what we 're used to seeing is Latinos as gangsters , drug dealers or people trying to cross the border , and while all those things may be true and real to an extent , we as Latinos are so much more than that and there are so many representations of our experience and who we are that completely goes unseen . We 're engrained the gay community . We 're engrained in the artists community . We 're engrained in the culinary community . We 're so rarely represented for all of the things that we are . Having this series written and directed by Latinos , there is an authenticity to the way we 're represented . To me , whenever there is one door open for one Latino artist , it creates an opportunity for so many more and that 's another piece that 's so exciting to me about this web series .
How was the reaction at Sundance ?
It was amazing ! We screened alongside two web series ' that were fantastic . It just really felt like there was raw and unknown talent that 's emerging and to me that feels like that 's what Sundance was founded upon : to discover voices that otherwise would n't get seen or would n't get supported .
This article originally appeared on People en Español CHICA .
April 3 United Continental Holdings Inc
* United Continental Holdings Inc - On March 29 , co , United Airlines entered into an amended and restated credit and guaranty agreement - SEC Filing
* United Continental Holdings Inc - 2017 credit agreement provides for a term loan facility of $ 1.5 billion and a revolving credit facility of $ 2 billion
* United Continental - Revolving credit facility , which increased borrowing capacity under 2013 credit deal by $ 650 million may be drawn upon by co till April 1 , 2022 Source text : [ bit.ly/2ov1U0u ] Further company coverage :
The Bremer County Attorney 's Office has released the names of law enforcement officers involved in a standoff and ultimately fatal shooting incident on Jan. 18 .
The incident occurred on Highway 218 southbound at the 211.5 mile marker , which is inside Bremer County . Jihad Merrick , age 29 , of Minneapolis was the driver killed during a standoff with officers outside of Plainfield .
The law enforcement officers are , in no particular order , Trooper Nathaniel Miller ; Trooper Chris Forsyth ; Trooper Ken Haut ; Bremer County Deputy Glenn Beenblossom ; Nashua Police Officer Benjamin Scholl ; Chickasaw County Deputy Adam Hanson ; and Chief of Nashua Police Travis Marvin .
According to Marvin , this is the first officer-involved shooting for their department . The Nashua police department consists of four full time officers , two part-time officers , and three certified reserve officers .
According to the Bremer County Sheriff 's Office , the Floyd County Sheriff 's Office received a call on Jan. 18 at about 8:30 p.m. reporting a man with a gun pointed at their own head at Love 's Travel Stop in Floyd . Deputies responded to the truck stop , but the man had left before they arrived , and witnesses said they had driven southbound on the Avenue of the Saints , Highway 27/218 .
At 8:49 p.m. , a Nashua police officer saw a vehicle traveling south on the Avenue and clocked it at 104 mph .
Bremer County Chief Deputy Robert Whitney said the Nashua officer stopped the vehicle south of the Plainfield/Highway 188 exit and saw the driver get out of the vehicle with a handgun pointed at their own head .
“ This incident occurred on Highway 218 southbound at the 211.5-mile marker , which is inside Bremer County , ” according to the report .
Officers from the Bremer County Sheriff 's Office , the Chickasaw County Sheriff 's Office , Floyd County Sheriff 's Office , Nashua Police Department and the Iowa State Patrol responded to the scene .
Officers negotiated with the driver for about 40 minutes , then saw and heard a shot fired inside the vehicle .
Officers approached the vehicle and found the driver unharmed , the report said . They attempted to take them into custody but they resisted and drove their vehicle forward , striking an officer .
Two officers fired their weapons and struck the driver , who was pronounced dead at the scene . The release did not specify which two officers fired their weapons .
The release also did not specify as to which officer was hit by the vehicle , but shortly after the incident , Whitney said that the officer was “ in good spirits ” and Whitney did not think that the officer needed medical attention after being struck .
LONDON — British Prime Minister Theresa May says there is a new sense of optimism in the talks to secure Britain 's departure from the European Union .
May is set to address the House of Commons on Monday , updating lawmakers on the negotiations just days after hammering out a deal with the EU on the so-called divorce issues , including the Irish border and Britain 's financial obligations . Brexit talks are now expected to move onto trade and security co-operation .
But Britain 's argument that nothing is settled until all is agreed upon is causing unease among other countries involved in the decision . Irish officials have rejected assertions that the deal is merely a `` statement of intent '' rather than legally binding .
The Irish government branded the view `` bizarre '' and insisted that an agreement is binding .
​Welcome to What You Missed This Weekend , a roundup of the stories from this weekend that you missed while you were out living your life.​ Inside : ​ places tailor-made for selfies , `` weird '' millennial humor and how our words relay our health and happiness without us knowing .
Instagram Is Changing Public Spaces — And Our Photos
Instagram makes me incredibly nervous . I think the last thing I posted was a vintage bar decoration that caught my eye — and I 've posted similar ones once or twice before . That 's me dipping a toe into cultivating an aesthetic , but the consistency of subject is the only thing saving my butt there . The photo itself is dark ( it was taken in a bar ) , blurry ( it was taken in a bar ) and poorly framed ( I was in a bar , so ) .
I could probably count the number of selfies I have on my phone at any given time on one hand , so reading Alyssa Bereznak 's fascinating deep-dive into selfie-oriented spaces gave me equal parts FOMO and queasy `` is-Instagram-killing-photography '' pangs .
Here 's a thing though : please , for the love of all that is holy , if you want to take a selfie at a museum use some common sense and be aware of your surroundings . I worked at a museum where we had spaces that were intentionally designed for selfie taking . It was totally fine when people posed in those spaces ... and not so fine when they 'd use a portrait of a famous abolitionist as the backdrop to a pic because it matched their outfit ( yes , that really happened ) . Plus , nobody wants to be like the person who accidentally wrecked all that art while taking a selfie .
[ The Ringer ]
Millennial Humor Is Strange And It 'll Stay That Way
Elizabeth Bruenig 's examination of what makes `` weird '' humor tick — `` Tim and Eric , '' dank memes , you name it — is one of precious few attempts to dissect the matter that does n't leave the jokes lying cold and dead on the table . There are requisite highfalutin references to dadaism and Camus , but my favorite parts of this piece are where Bruenig talks to creators and curators of off-beat humor . This quote from Eric Wareheim stands out in particular :
I just feel like it 's fun to watch our show , and you are transported to another dimension of similar things , but it 's not real , so you 're just like ‘ ahh ' . . . it 's a pleasant surreal world .
That surrealism , the creation of worlds that are not trying to stand in as our own , is why I 'm sure we 'll see countless thinkpieces blaming millennials for the death of the three-camera sitcom over the next fifteen years . Wareheim says their style of humor comes as an expression of `` fear and anxiety , '' which is totally opposed to the `` everybody knows your name '' impulse of `` Cheers '' or even the `` show about nothing '' mundane absurdity of `` Seinfeld . '' We 're all way more like Paul Rudd in `` Celery Man '' when we go online in search of laughs : Norms and Jerrys of the world , step aside .
[ Washington Post ]
Our Tweets Say A Lot More Than 140 Characters Allow
A common refrain you 'll see on Twitter is that the short-form nature of the platform makes nuanced discussion impossible . That wo n't stop certain people from tweet-threading their way through an essay 's worth of talking points , but it 's pretty commonly agreed upon that Twitter is a hard place to express and arrive at big-T Truths about the world .
The Computational Story Lab , subject of a fascinating article by Rowan Jabobsen , is trying to get at those Truths without relying on individual tweets or Adderall- and Sclhafly-fueled Eric Garlandisms — they 're looking at the big picture . Sites like Twitter are really just big datasets revealing how we talk about ourselves , which researchers at the Computational Story Lab have used to look at health and happiness .
It might seem absurd to chart the average happiness of Twitter ( perhaps thinking of it as unhappiness would sit better ) , but there 's value both economic and social in better understanding how we talk about ourselves . Knowing that Christmas is the happiest day of the year online is `` well duh '' obvious , but finding out that we were happier on average throughout the Great Recession is huge .
[ Outside ]
One More Thing ...
Speaking of data and happiness , you absolutely need to watch the latest installment of Jon Bois ' `` Chart Party . '' It chronicles the saddest plate appearance in all baseball , and when you finish the video you 'll realize that 's not an exaggeration in the slightest .
[ Chart Party Via SB Nation ]
Julio Borges ( C ) , President of the National Assembly and deputy of the Venezuelan coalition of opposition parties , tears a copy of a sentence of the Venezuela 's Supreme Court during a news conference in Caracas . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro ( C ) attends to a meeting with ministers and other Venezuelan authorities at Miraflores Palace in Caracas , Venezuela April 1 , 2017 . Miraflores Palace/Handout via REUTERS
Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro ( L ) and Venezuela 's Supreme Court President Maikel Moreno shake hands during a meeting at Miraflores Palace in Caracas , Venezuela March 31 , 2017 . Miraflores Palace/Handout via REUTERS
Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro ( C ) speaks during a meeting with ministers and other Venezuelan authorities at Miraflores Palace in Caracas , Venezuela April 1 , 2017 . Miraflores Palace/Handout via REUTERS
Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro ( C ) attends to a meeting with ministers and other Venezuelan authorities at Miraflores Palace in Caracas , Venezuela April 1 , 2017 . Miraflores Palace/Handout via REUTERS
Opposition supporters hold placards depicting Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro reading : 'No more dictatorship . Out Maduro ' and 'No more dictatorship ' , during a rally against Maduro 's government in Caracas , Venezuela April 1 , 2017 . REUTERS/Christian Veron
Opposition supporters gather near an anti-riot barricade during a rally against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro 's government in Caracas , Venezuela April 1 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Opposition supporters clash with national guards during a rally against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro 's government in Caracas , Venezuela April 1 , 2017 REUTERS/Marco Bello
Gaby Arellano , deputy of the Venezuelan coalition of opposition parties ( MUD ) , reacts after they were dosed with pepper spray during a rally against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro 's government in Caracas , Venezuela April 1 , 2017 . REUTERS/Marco Bello
Gaby Arellano , deputy of the Venezuelan coalition of opposition parties ( MUD ) , clashes with national guards during a rally against Venezuela 's President Nicolas Maduro 's government in Caracas , Venezuela April 1 , 2017 REUTERS/Marco Bello
CARACAS Venezuela 's pro-government Supreme Court revoked its takeover of the opposition-led Congress on Saturday after it drew international condemnation and protests against socialist President Nicolas Maduro .
`` This controversy is over , '' Maduro said just after midnight at a specially convened state security committee .
The committee ordered the top court to reconsider Wednesday 's court ruling , which effectively nullified the legislature and brought accusations the ruling Socialist Party was creating a dictatorship .
The tribunal duly erased two controversial judgments and its president , Maikel Moreno , met with both foreign envoys and journalists to explain the decision , insisting there had never been any intention to strip the National Assembly of its powers .
Maduro , 54 , who had faced dissent even within government ranks over the Supreme Court 's move , sought to cast developments as the achievement of a statesman resolving a power conflict beneath him . But foes said it was a hypocritical row-back by an unpopular government that overplayed its hand in a power grab .
`` You ca n't pretend to just normalize the nation after carrying out a 'coup , ' '' said Julio Borges , leader of the legislature .
Borges publicly tore up the court rulings this week and refused to attend the overnight security committee , whose members include the heads of major institutions .
They led an open-air meeting of the National Assembly in a Caracas square on Saturday .
Having already shot down most congressional measures since the opposition won control in 2015 , the Supreme Court went further with its Wednesday decision . It said it was taking over the legislature 's role because it was in `` contempt '' of the law .
TEAR GAS AND PEPPER SPRAY
Although scores of dissidents have been detained during Maduro 's four-year rule and the National Assembly stripped of power anyway in practice , the court 's move was arguably the most explicitly anti-democratic measure .
It galvanized Venezuela 's demoralized and divided opposition coalition and sparked international condemnation and concern from the United Nations and European Union , as well as the United States and many neighboring countries .
The Supreme Court 's flip-flop may take the edge off protests but Maduro 's opponents at home and abroad will seek to maintain the pressure . They are furious that authorities thwarted a push for a referendum to recall Maduro last year and postponed local elections scheduled for 2016 .
Now they are calling for next year 's presidential election to be brought forward and the delayed local polls to be held , confident the ruling Socialist Party would lose .
Hundreds of opposition supporters marched in Caracas on Saturday . Police dispersed some with tear gas as residents banged pots and pans to support the demonstrators .
One opposition lawmaker said they were attacked three times by police using pepper spray . `` Their violence does not stop us , '' said Miguel Pizarro , of the Justice First party .
In western San Cristobal , a hotbed of opposition support , about 80 people also marched with whistles and banners reading `` Down with the dictatorship ! ''
`` The Supreme Court is controlled by idiots . What they did is a crime , there was no justification , and now Nicolas Maduro backs off like a child , '' said pensioner Libia Zambrano , 77 .
Also on Saturday , South America 's MERCOSUR bloc met in Argentina with most of its members unhappy at Venezuela .
The hemispheric Organization of American States had a special session scheduled for Monday in Washington .
MADURO DECRIES `` LYNCHING ''
Maduro accuses the United States of orchestrating a campaign to oust them and said they had been subject this week to a `` political , media and diplomatic lynching . ''
Some criticism even came from within government , with Attorney General Luisa Ortega rebuking the court in an extremely rare show of dissent from a senior official .
`` It constitutes a rupture of the constitutional order , '' they said in a speech on state television on Friday .
Given past failures of opposition street protests , it is unlikely there will be mass support for a new wave .
Rather , opposition activists have said they hope ramped-up foreign pressure or a nudge from the powerful military may force Maduro 's hand into bringing forward a presidential vote .
`` Venezuela 's grave situation remains the same , '' opposition leader Henrique Capriles said , calling on the government to free jailed activists , allow humanitarian aid into Venezuela , call elections and restore autonomy to congress .
Maduro , a former bus driver , foreign minister and self-declared `` son '' of late president and populist firebrand Hugo Chavez , was narrowly elected president in 2013 . Their ratings have plummeted as Venezuelans struggle with an unprecedented economic crisis , including food and medicine shortages and the world 's highest inflation .
Critics blame a failing socialist system , whereas the government says its enemies are waging an `` economic war . '' The fall in oil prices since mid-2014 has exacerbated the crisis .
The Supreme Court 's move this week may have been partly motivated by financial conditions . The wording about taking over Assembly functions came in a ruling allowing Maduro to create joint oil ventures without congress ' approval .
The OPEC nation urgently needs to raise money from oil partners to pay $ 3 billion in bond maturities due this month , analysts and sources say .
( Additional reporting by Diego Ore , Eyanir Chinea and Deisy Buitrago in Caracas , Anggy Polanco in San Cristobal ; Editing by Bill Trott and Tom Brown )
POSTOJNA , Slovenia Four surveillance rooms believed to date back to communist-era Yugoslavia and filled with dust-covered listening equipment have been discovered behind a Slovenian hotel situated next to one of the world 's largest limestone caves .
The wiretapping rooms were found behind a solid steel door during renovation work at the back of the Hotel Jama and lead directly to the Postojna Cave 's interior .
The spy rooms were likely built around 1969 when the hotel was under construction , according to Marjan Batagelj who heads the company managing the hotel and cave , a major tourist attraction in the former Balkan state .
The absence of humidity in the rooms made them ideal locations to store sensitive equipment , Batagelj said , while the thick layers of dust suggest the rooms have laid undisturbed for years .
`` Those centres were part of a wider wiretapping system operated by UDBA , the secret political police , '' said researcher Igor Omerza , who has published books on Slovenian history .
`` They used this for surveillance of people they believed were their political opponents . ''
Omerza said Yugoslavia 's former communist leader Josip Broz Tito used to stay at the hotel , as did foreign and local dignitaries . Cables running from the surveillance rooms to the hotel indicate some hotel rooms had also been tapped , they said .
`` I do n't think Tito themselves was wiretapped , they probably would n't dare to do that , but anything is possible . I think they primarily wiretapped guests who met with them there , foreigners , '' they said .
Batagelj said they might open up the rooms to tourists .
Slovenia , an Alpine state of two million people , was part of communist Yugoslavia until 1991 when it declared independence , an event followed by a brief 10-day war .
Slovenia joined the European Union in 2004 and three years later became the first former communist state to adopt the euro .
( Reporting by Gasper Lubej ; writing by Marja Novak ; editing by Richard Lough )
2018 , April 24 – Hanover : During a press conference called “ Taiwan Smart Manufacturing ” at Hannover Messe in Germany the Taiwan External Trade Development Council ( TAITRA ) presented highly innovative solutions for topics such as Collaborative Robots ( Cobots ) , 3D Machine Vision , Industrial Internet of Things ( IIoT ) , Robot Operating Systems as well as Embedded Systems and provided a general introduction to Taiwan ” s smart manufacturing market .
“ Our strong presence here shows the important impact on global manufacturing of Taiwanese companies ” , stated Mr. Joe Chou , Director of the Taiwan Trade Center in Dusseldorf . They further explained : “ Taiwan has the world ” s No.1 machine tool cluster , known as the “ Golden Valley ” . Together with our powerful IC design capabilities , our knowledge in integration of technologies such as robots , 3D machine vision and Internet of Things as well as robot operation and embedded systems , Taiwan has become a much sought-after partner for applications along the entire supply chain of intelligent machines internationally . ”
At the press conference , five outstanding Taiwan companies shared their achievements in smart manufacturing :
Collaborative robots ( Cobot )
TECHMAN ROBOT , a global leader in collaborative robot and vision technologies presented the TM5 , the world ” s first collaborative robot featuring built-in visual recognition . It perfectly integrates hands , eyes and brains into one system , which impressively improves the easiness of using industrial robots and remarkably reduces the cost and deployment time . With the powerful built-in vision system , TM5 can see , think and work unitedly and smartly like a human . Users can also use hand-guiding function to teach the robot – everyone , even those without robotic programing experience , can achieve a visual pick & place task within 5 minutes . The TM5 complies with the ISO 10218 human-robot safety requirement and it can operate without safety fences in co-operation with machine operatives .
Machine Vision
SOLOMON Group was established in 1973 . It provides robots and machines with human-like vision and recognition capabilities by blending advanced 3D vision and the latest deep learning technologies . SOLOMON AI Vision offers human-like , self-learning software to detect and inspect irregular patterns , defects and features , or object classifications . All that 's required is to provide samples for AI Vision to distinguish and learn ; no code writing is necessary . SOLOMON 3D Random Bin Picking is an intelligent , friendly and versatile solution that quickly automates any 3D pick-and-place applications , including complex-shaped objects in a random three-dimensional setting . The software comes with a deep learning option that allows training time to be reduced by as much as 70 % .
Industrial Internet of Things ( IIoT )
Gallant Precision Machining Co. , Ltd. , ( GPM ) , a Taiwan based high-tech Company , has accumulated 40 years of experience in the manufacturing process and R & D field to provide semi-conductor , FPD and relevant industrial precision machinery process equipment with intelligent
automation total solutions . Its state-of-the-art “ GPM Smart IoT Platform System ” is an analysis and preventive maintenance system that combines intelligent machine learning , real time capture and analysis to provide equipment health diagnosis . Giving an answer to the question on how to collect and analyze valuable Big Data and use it effectively , GPM has become the fastest growing manufacturer for precision equipment in Taiwan .
Robot Operating System
Robot Operating system ( ROS ) is the world 's largest robots open source platform and is widely used for mobile robots , industrial robots , probing robots , human-computer interaction robots , to autonomous cars and group robots . ADLINK Technology , Inc. , a global provider of leading edge computing solutions that drives data-to-decision applications across industries , was the first member of the ROS-Industrial Consortium Asia Pacific . With ADLINK ” s ROS controller , the integration of robotic arms , AGV , and monitoring the status of robots is easily achieved .
Embedded systems
DFI is a leading provider of high-performance computing technology across multiple embedded industries . The company presented the DFI ” s EC500-SD series , a high-performance and compact embedded system equipped with 6th Generation Intel® Core™ i7/i5/i3 processors and Intel® Q170 chipset . It targets machine vision applications requiring high computing power and accurate real-time data transition with minimal footprint . The industrial computers also provide large numbers of I/O ports and multiple PCIe/PCI expansion to empower vision , graphic , or motion cards .
Booth locations :
Hall 16 , F08 : Taiwan Smart Manufacturing Pavilion ( TAITRA , SOLOMON , GPM , ADLINK , DFI )
Hall 16 , F15 : TECHMAN ROBOT
The Taiwan External Trade Development Council ( TAITRA ) was founded in 1970 to promote Taiwanese enterprises expanding their global reach . Over the past 40 years it has played a key role in the development of the Taiwan economy . TAITRA is jointly sponsored by the government and industry associations and is widely viewed by the international business community as the business gateway to Taiwan . For more information , please visit www.taitra.org.tw ( http : //www.taitra.org.tw ) or www.taiwantrade.com.tw ( http : //www.taiwantrade.com.tw ) .
HOUSTON ( Reuters ) - Exxon Mobil Corp ( XOM.N ) , the world 's largest publicly-traded oil producer , posted a lower-than-expected quarterly profit on Friday due to falling production and weakness in its chemical and refining operations , sending shares down 2.8 percent in premarket trading .
The rare earnings miss from Exxon comes as the company tries to bolster reserves around the world while also cementing its position as one of the largest producers of oil and natural gas in the United States .
Even though oil prices have jumped from last year 's lows , helping Exxon 's production operations , the company 's refining and chemical arms struggled in the quarter , especially outside the United States .
Irving , Texas-based Exxon said earlier this week it would triple its Permian shale production to about 600,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day by 2025 , part of a plan to invest $ 50 billion in the United States thanks to tax reform signed by U.S. President Donald Trump .
“ The impact of tax reform on our earnings reflects the magnitude of our historic investment in the U.S. and strengthens our commitment to further grow our business here , ” Chief Executive Darren Woods said in a statement .
A logo of Exxon Mobil is displayed on a monitor above the floor of the New York Stock Exchange shortly after the opening bell in New York , U.S. , December 5 , 2017 . REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Exxon posted fourth-quarter net income of $ 8.4 billion , or $ 1.97 per share , compared to $ 1.7 billion , or 41 cents per share , in the year-ago quarter .
The company saw a $ 5.9-billion non-cash benefit related to recent U.S. tax reform to revalue deferred taxes . Without the tax reform accounting changes , Exxon would have lost money in the United States .
Excluding that tax change and other one-time items , Exxon earned 88 cents per share . By that measure , analysts expected earnings of $ 1.04 per share , according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S .
Production fell 3 percent to 4 million barrels of oil equivalent per day , with the only output gains in the company 's portfolio coming from the United States .
Throughput at the company 's refineries - a measurement of how much volume they processed - fell 4 percent .
Exxon is slated to hold its annual investor day on March 7 in New York .
Snapdeal.com
India 's leading banks , digital payment companies and global payments technology company , VISA have lined up plans to give discounts in excess of Rs.100 Crores to Snapdeal users over the next 12 months ( April 18 – March 19 ) .
Snapdeal has tied up with 12 banks including HDFC Bank , ICICI Bank , State Bank of India , Citibank , American Express , Axis Bank , HSBC , Kotak Mahindra Bank , Yes Bank , Standard Chartered Bank , IndusInd Bank , Federal Bank ) and 2 digital wallets ( FreeCharge and Mobikwik ) to provide great deals to users who opted for digital payments ( credit/debit cards and wallets ) for their online purchases at Snapdeal .
Besides tying up with banks and digital wallets for the next financial year , Snapdeal has partnered with Visa to let visa cardholders of all banks benefit from opting to use the digital payment mode . Visa cardholders will get instant discounts using a unique code every time they shop on Snapdeal . Digital payment discounts are on top of all other offers that Snapdeal would be running throughout the year .
All customers who pay for orders on Snapdeal using credit/debit cards , EMI or any of the wallets get cash back or instant discount of up to 25 % depending upon the offers live at that time . Snapdeal expects up to a million transactions to benefit from these offers each month ; almost 32 % of these being first time digital payment users .
According to a Snapdeal spokesperson , “ We plan to make each and every digital payment a rewarding and money saving opportunity on Snapdeal . We are proud to be the platform with the highest number of such offers . The increased adoption of digital payments is a win-win proposition for our users , banking and digital payment partners and will be a significant boost to the digitization efforts in the economy . ”
Snapdeal plans to tie up with more partners to provide discounts and offers and expects to partner with at least 15 banking and 5 digital payment companies in FY 18-19 . Snapdeal is working with various partners to make digital payments a highly seamless and convenient experience for its millions of users .
Snapdeal HDFC Bank credit card , which was revamped in Dec'16 , has rapidly grown to 1.52 lakh users . In January 2018 , these co-branded credit cards clocked monthly spends exceeding Rs . 100 crore . Snapdeal HDFC Bank credit card holders get 5 % instant discount + 10X rewards each time they shop on Snapdeal .
List of participating banks American Express Axis Bank Citibank Federal Bank HDFC Bank HSBC ICICI Bank IndusInd Bank Kotak Mahindra Bank Standard Chartered Bank State Bank of India Yes Bank
List of participating wallets
Freecharge Mobikwik
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart ' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a `` smart '' insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage , the companies said on Wednesday .
* NSE index down 0.18 pct , BSE down 0.17 pct * Infosys shares fall to over 2-month low * Wariness about earnings continues - analyst By Tanvi Mehta April 13 Indian shares fell on Thursday , dragged by technology stocks , after Infosys Ltd 's revenue outlook and plan to return cash to shareholders fell short of expectations , raising concerns at the start of the earnings reporting season . Infosys , the country 's second-biggest software services exporter , said it expected revenue for the year 2017-18 to grow 6.5 percent to 8.5 percent in constant currency terms , below market expectations , while saying it would return up to $ 2 billion to shareholders . The announcements sent Infosys stock down as much as 2.9 percent to its lowest since Feb. 9 , offsetting early gains on its slightly higher-than-expected consolidated net profit , and cast a shadow over future earnings results . The broader NSE index hit a record high last week and is up about 12 percent this year , with a lot of those gains reflecting bets that corporate earnings would recover this year . However , concerns persist as geopolitical worries have grown after the United States launched cruise missiles against an air base in Syria last week and on fears of a new weapons test by North Korea . `` There is wariness about earnings because valuations are so stretched , '' said Sunil Sharma , chief investment officer , Sanctum Wealth Management . `` Markets have run up and people are looking at booking profits . '' The broader NSE index was down 0.18 percent at 9,186.60 as of 0524 GMT , poised for a weekly loss of about 0.14 percent . The benchmark BSE index was 0.17 percent lower at 29,593.28 , headed for a 0.4 percent weekly fall . Indian shares are headed for a fall this week , reversing gains of about 0.3 percent made last week . The Nifty IT index fell as much as 1.75 percent to its lowest in over two months . The index has fallen about 0.7 percent this year , up to Wednesday 's close . However , financial stocks continued to rise with the Nifty PSU Bank index trading 1.1 percent higher . Up to Wednesday 's close , the index has risen nearly 18.4 percent . ( Reporting by Tanvi Mehta in Bengaluru ; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier )
Maricopa County jail inmate who fled work detail is arrested
PHOENIX ( AP ) — Maricopa County Sheriff 's officials say a jail inmate who walked away from their work assignment in Glendale last week is back behind bars .
They say inmate Andrew Johnson was taken into custody without incident in Phoenix around 1 p.m. Tuesday and will be facing additional charges .
Johnson fled from a work detail last Thursday morning .
The 31-year-old Johnson was booked into jail last November on one count each of shoplifting and dangerous drug possession and use .
Sheriff 's officials say inmates on work detail are classified as low risk and have non-violent charges .
Czechs reaffirm javelin status with three medals in London
The Czech Republic had a successful World Athletics Championship in London , bringing home one gold , one silver and one bronze medal . The fact that all three came in the javelin confirmed the country 's long-term status as a major power in the discipline .
Following Barbora Špotáková 's gold in the women 's event , Jakub Vadlejch and Petr Frydrych finished second and third respectively in the men 's javelin on Saturday . Both are trained by Jan Železný , the all-time great who still holds the men 's javelin world record .
Vadlejch 's best throw was just 16 centimetres short of that of German gold medallist Johannes Vetter , leaving the Czech somewhat rueful .
“ My feelings are a little mixed . I 'm terribly happy to have won the medal and to have placed so highly . On the other hand , it 's a tiny difference – it 's nothing . But basically that 's the way it is , and I think this is also motivation for the future for me . ”
Like Vadlejch , third-placed Petr Frydrych set a new personal best in London . But unlike the silver medallist , the 29-year-old was not much fancied ahead of the World Championships . Frydrych had this to say to Czech Radio .
“ I was very lucky because the favourite , Thomas Röhler , was short of the medals positions by only six centimetres with their final throw . I was expecting that they would get there , so I really was n't too excited . Also , I have to say , I did n't have one perfect throw – my three throws were similar . ”
Stuttering Sparta fail to beat nine-man Liberec
Despite major investments in the summer and the return of Tomáš Rosický , Sparta Prague have had a stuttering start to the season . Knocked out in the qualifiers for the Europa League , the country 's richest club have seen two of their three Czech league games to date end all square . Indeed , in their latest outing Sparta could only manage a 1:1 draw away at Slovan Liberec , regardless of the fact that the latter had two players sent off before the hour mark . The Prague side 's goal scorer Martin Frýdek said they were perplexed by the result .
“ We held on to the ball but we just could n't get going . I do n't how it 's possible . We did n't create any clear chances . There are no apologies for a game like that . We 're all disappointed and we will remain disappointed , because we should have won here . ”
Plzeň maintain perfect record with Olomouc win
League leaders Viktoria Plzeň made it nine points out of nine with a 1:0 home victory over Olomouc . Slavia Prague , who are two points behind in second , overcame Jihlava 2:0 in the capital .
With more details on Keith Urban 's upcoming album , Graffiti U , being revealed any day now , it made sense for Urban to hit pause for a moment and take a look back over their life and career during Friday 's South by Southwest panel in Austin , Texas , hosted by Grammy Museum executive director Scott Goldman .
Later that night they performed hits from their last two albums , ( but no mention of new material ) , at the legendary Stubb 's Bar-B-Q and amphitheater in a showcase sponsored by Bumble , who felt that their 2017 hit , “ Female , ” was a perfect anthem for the “ female first ” dating , friendship and networking app . During the 90-minute set , Urban managed to delight fans by suddenly leaving the stage to transport themselves to the back of the venue where they then gave away their own guitar — signed , no less , to an unsuspecting member of the audience .
Earlier in the day , Urban talked about formative experiences growing up in Australia and influences — besides their late drummer dad — which included seeing Johnny Cash at age 5 with their father , who bought them little Western shirts and bolos to wear . They remembered the roar of the crowd as Cash walked on stage and they first realized the “ power when they played guitar and sang , was just an extraordinary thing… and this was the thing I was meant to do . ”
Keith Urban Matt Winkelmeyer/Getty Images
For more coverage , follow our country magazine on Flipboard .
Urban described their most unusual venue and performance when they were starting out . A manager who made a “ shoddy deal with some airline for free tickets ” had them playing at the tiny Tamworth airport in Australia with one baggage carousel , which they were instructed to play on . Eventually , a few people showed up to the delight of the band — until the baggage carousel started beeping and the bags started to pop out . Urban , now 50 , took it in stride and went for a few rides around the carousel as they continued to play their guitar .
In 1992 Urban first came to Nashville where they said for “ purely financial reasons , I became a lead singer. ” They explained they could n't afford to bring over their five-piece band from Australia , so it turned into a three-piece band with Urban as lead vocals . They say they were excited to land in Nashville and live there because “ all the albums I was exposed to growing up were all recorded in Nashville… and I wanted to explore and get out of my comfort zone . ”
Keith Urban playing the Bumble event Andy Snyder
RELATED : Keith Urban Announces New Tour and Upcoming Album : ‘ I 'm Getting Very Close to Finishing '
When discussing the process of creating music , Urban says that when they create something , “ I can only hear it for what it is n't . I do n't hear it for what it is… in my head , it 's fully formed , so once it 's out I 'm listening to anything that does n't match what 's in. ” It takes time for them to truly appreciate their own music . “ First time you hear it for what it is , is about 10 years later , ” Urban joked .
They also revealed that their wife of 11 years , actor Nicole Kidman , has taught them a lot about their own craft and taking risks . “ Nic inspired me to try anything , to do anything… because that 's how they approach their own work , ” they explained .
Urban 's life has not been without its struggles , and they touched on their years of alcohol abuse prior to getting sober 12 years ago . The discussion was triggered by Goldman suggesting that Urban 's interaction with their audience is much different now than it used to be , to which Urban responded , “ Well yeah — it 's because I 'm sober now. ” They said they needed to get sober because “ I 'm just alcoholically wired . I was n't at my full potential and I was living a very small life . My life was getting smaller and smaller and that is how I kept it manageable . I was lucky I had a very loving wife . [ Getting sober ] , has freed me up creatively . ”
Keith Urban during the panel discussion Jack Plunkett/Invision/AP/Shutterstock
RELATED : ‘ Husband , Best Friend and Lover : ' Nicole Kidman Celebrates Keith Urban 's 50th Birthday with Adorable Cuddly Photo
They also said being married to Kidman , 50 , has made their love songs more authentic .
“ Back before I met Nic and got married , I sucked at relationships and could n't give myself to the relationship . I 'd write from a place in romance songs that I wanted to be at , but was n't at that place , ” they explained during the panel discussion . “ And I realized I was writing from all these places of the kind of person I wished I could be . I was n't that person , but I wanted to be . It was only a song but my real life was a disaster . The only thing that 's changed in my life is I 've more so become the person I was trying to be . ”
Urban also admitted it 's a struggle to balance it all : work , wife , kids and stay present . They do screw up , but the difference is that now they can admit the mistake . Urban may know their schedule way in advance , but Kidman does n't and occasionally a film will suddenly come up and the family — including daughters Sunday Rose and Faith Margaret —all have to fly to New York . “ I try to have things set , ” Urban said . “ But I have to be malleable ! ” And when it comes to their private life , Urban said their and Kidman 's mantra is , “ Nothing to hide and everything to protect . ”
Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban Steve Granitz/WireImage
With Graffiti U just about in the can — “ You never finish , you just give up . The hard part is realizing that I finished the album ages ago and that I 've actually started the next one but nobody has told me , ” Urban joked to PEOPLE ahead of their Bumble performance . “ I have to delineate when the end of that one is , otherwise I will just go on and on ! ” — the country superstar will hit the road with Kelsea Ballerini for a summer tour .
“ There were a mix of people that were interested , available , but musical compatibility was one thing , ” Urban told PEOPLE about choosing Ballerini as their opening act . “ I knew the kind of record I was making was n't pure country down the line , and Kelsea 's records [ are n't either ] . They 're a fusion of things and I felt that they would be compatible . ”
RELATED : Kelsea Ballerini and Morgan Evans Take Marriage Cues from Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban
And Urban has big plans for the tour , set to kick off June 15 in St. Louis . “ I 'm always looking for new ways to connect with the audience , new things to put in the set list and in the show — not just songs , but moments that we have n't done before , ” they explained , adding that they hope to include an interlude honoring their late father .
“ My father was a drummer when I was growing up and I played the drums as well . I 've been wanting to make mention of that and [ incorporate ] a moment in the show where I talk about my dad , ” Urban revealed to PEOPLE . “ He passed away a couple years ago , but I 've realized just how much of a huge influence he 's been on me— in my life and music , and I 've never talked about that . So now feels like the right time . ”
LAWRENCE , Kan. ( AP ) — The national title aspirations of Kansas got a big lift on Wednesday .
A 7-foot , 280-pound lift .
Udoka Azubuike announced they were withdrawing from the NBA draft shortly before the deadline , choosing to return for their junior season with the Jayhawks rather than risk not getting selected .
The big man from Nigeria started 34 games last season , averaging 13 points and seven rebounds , and shot a nation-leading 77 percent from the field . But Azubuike is a traditional back-to-the-basket big man , and many scouts have wondered how their skillset transfers to the NBA .
The league 's up-tempo pace and the value placed on big men who can shoot from outside go against their strengths , and developing any kind of outside shot will likely be Azubuike 's emphasis next season .
“ I received good feedback from many sources around the NBA over the last month but in the end , after discussing with my family and coaches , we decided it would be in my best interest to return , ” Azubuike said in a statement . “ I want to thank the people in the NBA who gave me this opportunity . I believe it was an important step as I chase my dream to play basketball at the highest level . ”
The Jayhawks lost their top three scorers in Devonte Graham , Svi Mykhailiuk and Malik Newman from the team that won its 14th straight Big 12 title and reached the Final Four last season . They also lost junior guard Lagerald Vick , who like Newman declared for the draft and signed with an agent .
Azubuike did not hire representation , allowing them to withdraw by Wednesday 's deadline .
Their return is important given the uncertain status of Silvio de Sousa , whose name has been connected with the FBI investigation into adidas . Even though Kansas has not been named in the investigation , nobody is quite sure whether there will be any discipline handed down in the case .
Despite all the losses from last season , Kansas is expected to be a national title contender given their stellar recruiting class and a bevy of high-level transfers that sat out last season .
High-scoring brothers Dedric Lawson and K.J . Lawson were often the best players in practice after they transferred from Memphis , and Cal transfer Charlie Moore provides a veteran floor general .
The recruiting class is headlined by three McDonalds All-Americans in 6-foot-10 forward David McCormack , point guard Devon Dotson and shooting guard Quenton Grimes .
Throw in returning players such as Mitch Lightfoot and Marcus Garrett and the Jayhawks are loaded .
“ We 're all very excited about Udoka making the decision to return , ” Kansas coach Bill Self said . “ We supported them declaring and investigating , which I think was a smart move . It was certainly a move that was handled exactly as the rule was intended . They wanted to find out more information on what the NBA franchises thought of them and they were able to accomplish that in many ways . ”
PARIS French consumer confidence stabilised at its long-term average of 100 points in March , in line with expectations and the third consecutive month at that level , the official INSEE statistics agency said on Wednesday .
A Reuters poll of 10 economists had an average forecast of 100 . The highest forecast was 101 and the lowest was 99 . FRCONC=ECI
The index , which is not closely correlated to consumer spending trends , hit an all-time low in May and June 2013 of 79 . The highest level since the survey was conducted on a monthly basis was 125 in January 2001 .
For more details and a breakdown from INSEE : here
For a graphic : reut.rs/2j4DCHX
( Reporting by Michel Rose ; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta )
A PROMINENT figure in North Wales music is celebrating a “ landmark birthday ” by staging a glittering concert .
The special evening on Friday , November 3 has been arranged by Ann Atkinson , the acclaimed opera singer , music teacher and former director of the Froncysyllte Male Voice Choir .
They are organising the event to raise funds for the North Wales International Music Festival , of which they are a artistic director .
Ann said : “ This year 's festival , which ran throughout September , was another great success with some wonderful concerts and great audiences .
“ We 're already planning next year 's event and I 've organised the concert at St Asaph Cathedral , which is also the home of the festival , as a key fundraiser for 2018 .
“ It 's also to mark a landmark birthday of mine – although I 'm not saying exactly which one ! ”
According to Ann , the two-hour musical extravaganza which starts at 7.30pm , will feature an array of talent which includes the two male voice choirs of which they are a musical director and six of their most promising music pupils who are tipped for the top of their professions .
Also appearing will be Ann , a celebrated mezzo soprano , and their husband Kevin Sharp , an accomplished baritone .
“ I 've been associated with the Bro Glyndwr choir since the late 1980s and their musical director for more than 20 years and have had the same role with the Trelawnyd choir for the past three years , so they were both a must for the concert programme On the evening they 'll be singing as a massed choir which means the audience will get the fantastic power of more than 100 male voices . ”
They added : “ I 'll be singing as will my husband Kevin Sharp whom I first met when we both studying at the Royal Academy of Music in London .
“ He was my leading man in the first full opera I performed in , Purcell 's Dido and Aeneas . We were married 21 years ago and he 's still my leading man . Also performing will be some of my most promising students from the past few years who are all doing exceedingly well .
“ There 's Tesni Jones from St Asaph and Lisa Dafydd from Ruthin , the young sopranos whom I taught at the William Mathias Music Centre in Denbigh . Also from the William Mathias Centre is Erin Swyn Williams , a soprano from Llanefydd near Denbigh , and my former pupil Julian Gonzalez , a young pianist from Carrog and two current pupils , tenor Elis Jones and Ceri Wyn Hughes , a soprano from Ruthin . ”
Ann , who lives in Corwen , added : “ The concert programme will consist of some favourite operatic aria and duets and some lighter material , such as the music of Cole Porter , and also traditional Welsh songs . I can promise it will be a fantastic evening of musical favourites performed by some extremely talented people .
“ At this stage it 's looking like it could be a one-off event but if it goes down well we might think of doing it again next year as a fundraiser for the festival . ”
Tickets for the St Asaph Cathedral concert , priced £12.50 , are available from the Cathedral Frames shop at 28 High Street , St Asaph , LL17 ORD , on 01745 582929 , through the festival office on 01745 584508 , or from members of the Bro Glyndwr and Trelawnyd Male Voice Choirs .
Twitter ca n't distinguish posts that were written before a user turned 13 from those that were written afterward . JOSH EDELSON/AFP/Getty Images
Twitter is banning accounts of users whose dates of birth indicate they were under the age of 13 when they first joined the platform , Motherboard reported Wednesday .
Twitter 's policies have stated for years that users have to be at least 13 to have an account , but the implementation of the European Union 's General Data Protection Regulation ( GDPR ) last week appears to have spurred Twitter to more stringently enforce this rule . Indeed , the GDPR also sets the minimum age of consent at 13 for use of internet services .
Twitter does n't require people to list their birthdates when they sign up for an account , but if someone under the age of 13 chooses to do so , then the platform reportedly requires permission from a parent . Some of these users , however , choose to add their birthdates after they 've signed up . Twitter ca n't legally host content that someone under the age of 13 posted under the GDPR , and it says it is unable to distinguish tweets that were written before someone turned 13 from those written afterward . So the platform has decided to take the blunt approach of simply deleting all the accounts owned by users who were under the age of 13 when they made them , even if the users have reached the legal age since then . These people will just have to make new accounts .
Many users have taken to Reddit to complain about being locked out of their accounts over the last few days when they attempted to change their dates of birth or were asked to add their birthdays , according to VentureBeat . It appears , however , that the Twitter account for 9-month-old Alexis Ohanian Jr. , daughter of tennis legend Serena Williams and Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian , is still up .
Rizal Commercial Banking Corp. ( RCBC ) has launched an online platform allowing its clients to buy and sell local and foreign currencies .
In a statement Wednesday , July 5 , RCBC said it has launched the Online FX Trading Platform , the first and only online foreign exchange execution platform in the country .
“ [ The platform eliminates ] the need for face-to-face or over-the-phone transactions when exchanging foreign currency , ” the Yuchengco-led bank said .
For clients to make use of this platform , RCBC clients have to enroll at least two different currency accounts through RCBC 's online banking platform .
Once eligible , clients can buy and sell between their enrolled accounts major currencies such as US dollar , Euro , British pound , Japanese yen and Singaporean dollar among others . — Karl Angelo N. Vidal
May 2 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
- A Greek official said on Tuesday that their country had reached a deal with its creditors that would allow it to receive critical emergency funds in return for promises to raise taxes and cut social spending . nyti.ms/2oSjyMa
- Fox News forced out one of its most senior executives on Monday , the latest aftershock of a sexual harassment scandal that has engulfed the television network and pressured its owners , the Murdoch family , into a painful and protracted public housecleaning . nyti.ms/2oSj1tJ
- Fox News faced a fresh legal challenge on Monday after Diana Falzone , a reporter at the network , accused it of discriminating against them on the basis of their gender and their fight against a chronic disease . nyti.ms/2oSkxf8
- Screenwriters and entertainment companies held contract talks in the final hours before a strike deadline on Monday , as union loyalists flooded Twitter with messages of resolve and as the rest of Hollywood held its collective breath . nyti.ms/2oSfoni
- In a move that highlights the increasing pressures faced by stock pickers on Wall Street , Peter Kraus , the chief executive of AllianceBernstein Holding , was ousted by the money manager 's controlling shareholder on Monday . nyti.ms/2oS6LZV
- Airbnb agreed to settle a lawsuit against the city of San Francisco , putting to rest litigation that could have hampered the company 's efforts to expand and go public . nyti.ms/2oShHad
- President Trump continued their outreach to rogue leaders , declaring they would meet North Korea 's dictator , Kim Jong-un , provided the circumstances were right , even as the Philippine president , Rodrigo Duterte , brushed aside the president 's invitation to visit the White House , saying they might be `` too busy . '' nyti.ms/2oRZnxE ( Compiled by Shalini Nagarajan in Bengaluru )
( adds detail , quotes )
By Jason Hovet
PRAGUE , April 6 The Czech crown strengthened on Thursday , after the country 's central bank said it had removed its long-held 27-per-euro cap .
The crown firmed to as much as 26.72 per euro as it began to gather momentum following a relatively modest initial reaction .
At roughly 1.4 percent , however , it was a more muted rise than most analysts had forecast . Overnight implied volatility , which on Wednesday had hit a nine-month peak as investors bet on , or sought protection against , an imminent removal of the cap , also tumbled to 1.65 percent from around 4.65 percent beforehand ..
The central bank had been flagging its plans to remove the cap for months and gave a strong hint last week that a move might be imminent .
The decision followed a rise in inflation to 2.5 percent in February , above the bank 's 2 percent target . It has also seen a tripling of its foreign exchange reserves over the more than 2 1/2 years the cap has been in place .
The central bank said on Thursday its foreign assets had grown by 230 billion crowns , or 8.53 billion euros , between March 21 and 31
Yields on the Czech Republic 's crown-denominated sovereign debt rose across the curve , while the country 's euro bond yields mostly .
Yields on the local two-year issue were up 15 basis points at minus 0.132 percent after earlier touching minus 0.088 percent - their highest since July 2016 .
( Additional reporting by Karin Strohecker and Jemima Kelly in London , ; Writing by Marc Jones , editing by Larry King )
TURIN , Italy — Italy all but secured a qualifying playoff spot for next year 's World Cup but it was booed off the pitch after drawing with Macedonia 1-1 on Friday .
Defender Giorgio Chiellini gave Italy the lead shortly before halftime but Macedonia levelled through substitute Aleksandar Trajkovski with 13 minutes remaining .
Italy , which was without Claudio Marchisio , Daniele De Rossi , Marco Verratti and Andrea Belotti , did n't have a shot on target after Chiellini 's goal , against a side ranked outside the top 100 .
`` The second half was disappointing , '' Italy coach Gian Piero Ventura said . `` But we were missing some players and we were tired .
`` The jeers at the end were deserved looking at how we played after the break , even if the national team should never be jeered ... we have to help the fans to applaud us , but also the fans have to help us . ''
Italy remained second in Group G , five points behind Spain , and ca n't be caught heading into the last round of European qualifiers . However , it needs a point against Albania on Monday to ensure it finishes as one of the best eight runners-up from the nine groups .
It could be assured of a playoff berth on Saturday if Bosnia does n't beat Belgium .
`` Will we go to the World Cup ? We 're Italy and we have to be there , '' defender Andrea Barzagli said .
`` We lacked that conviction and confidence that you always need on the pitch , because that gives you the certainty in your movements . ''
Confidence was low after last month 's 3-0 loss in Spain but , despite winning only 3-2 in Skopje last year thanks to a stoppage-time goal , Italy was expected to easily sweep away Macedonia in Turin .
WASHINGTON | U.S. businesses decreased their stockpiles in April by the largest amount since October , while sales were flat .
Business inventories fell by a seasonally adjusted 0.2 percent in April , following March 's gain of 0.2 percent , the Commerce Department said Wednesday . It was the first decline since a 0.2 percent drop in October . Sales were flat after contracting 0.1 percent in March .
In this Tuesday , May 23 , 2017 , photo , an employee adjusts a television display at a Best Buy in Cary , N.C. On Wednesday , June 14 , 2017 , the Commerce Department reports on business stockpiles in March . ( AP Photo/Gerry Broome )
Economists had expected a slight decline in April inventories . But many remain confident that inventory growth will rebound and help support overall economic growth in the current quarter .
When businesses increase stockpiles , it is generally seen as a sign of their confidence that sales will increase in the coming months . A decrease in inventories can be a sign of pessimism about future sales .
Economic growth as measured by the gross domestic product slowed in the January-March quarter , in part because inventories subtracted from overall economic activity . Annual GDP growth was just 1.2 percent in the first quarter . But economists think second quarter GDP growth will strengthen significantly .
FILE PHOTO : People look at cars of Chinese automaker Great Wall Motor Co Ltd displayed during the Sofia Motor Show 2011 in Sofia June 15 , 2011 . REUTERS/Stoyan Nenov
MEXICO CITY/BEIJING Chinese automaker Great Wall Motor Co Ltd ( 601633.SS ) ( 2333.HK ) is considering building an auto plant in two Mexican states hit by U.S. President Donald Trump 's drive to make American companies invest at home , sources said .
Great Wall Motor , which describes itself as China 's largest SUV and pickup manufacturer , is interested in building a plant in Nuevo Leon in northern Mexico or the central state of San Luis Potosi , three people familiar with the matter said .
Under pressure from Trump to keep jobs in the United States , Ford Motor Co ( F.N ) in January cancelled a $ 1.6 billion plant in San Luis Potosi , while heating and air conditioning firm Carrier in December scaled back plans to move production to Nuevo Leon .
Great Wall Motor officials met with Mexico 's top railroad firms , Ferrocarril Mexicano ( Ferromex ) , part of Grupo Mexico ( GMEXICOB.MX ) , as well as Kansas City Southern de Mexico [ KCSM.UL ] ( KSU.N ) , to evaluate the states ' connectivity , according to a source and two documents seen by Reuters .
One of the sources said the company was in direct talks with Nuevo Leon 's government .
Another source said the automaker was also eyeing a U.S.-based plant but gave no further detail on locations .
A senior Great Wall Motor executive , speaking on condition of anonymity , said the choice between U.S. and Mexican locations would depend on trade issues involving the United States , Mexico and China .
Great Wall Motor and Ferromex did not immediately respond to requests for comment . A spokesperson for Kansas City Southern de Mexico confirmed Great Wall Motor officials met the company , but declined to provide further details .
A pledge by the Chinese firm could bolster Mexico 's efforts to reduce dependence on U.S. trade and investment as Trump threatens to rip up the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) and rails against U.S. firms moving jobs south .
China , a low-cost manufacturing rival to Mexico , has traditionally invested little in Latin America 's second largest economy . But there are signs that could be changing .
In February , China 's Anhui Jianghuai Automobile ( JAC Motor ) and distributor Chori Company unveiled plans with a firm part-owned by Mexican tycoon Carlos Slim to invest over $ 200 million ( 160.71 million pounds ) in a car plant in the central state of Hidalgo .
According to one of the sources , construction on the Great Wall Motor plant could get underway next year and cost about $ 500 million . It would produce some 250,000 autos a year for the American and Mexican markets and seek to use Chinese inputs , the person added .
( Additional reporting by Norihiko Shirouzu and Jake Spring in Beijing and Anthony Esposito , Adriana Barrera , and Gabriel Stargardter in Mexico City ; Editing by Himani Sarkar )
FORT WORTH , Texas ( AP ) — The humble pecan is being rebranded as more than just pie .
Pecan growers and suppliers are hoping to sell U.S. consumers on the virtues of North America 's only native nut as a hedge against a potential trade war with China , the pecan 's largest export market .
The pecan industry is also trying to crack the fast-growing snack-food industry .
The retail value for packaged nuts , seeds and trail mix in the U.S. alone was $ 5.7 billion in 2012 , and is forecast to rise to $ 7.5 billion by 2022 , according to market researcher Euromonitor .
Advertisement
The Fort Worth , Texas-based American Pecan Council , formed in the wake of a new federal marketing order that allows the industry to band together and assess fees for research and promotion , is a half-century in the making , said Jim Anthony , 80 , the owner of a 14,000-acre pecan farm near Granbury , Texas .
Anthony said that regional rivalries and turf wars across the 15-state pecan belt — stretching from the Carolinas to California — made such a union impossible until recently , when demand for pecans exploded in Asian markets .
Until 2007 , most U.S. pecans were consumed domestically , according to Daniel Zedan , president of Nature 's Finest Foods , a marketing group . By 2009 , China was buying about a third of the U.S. crop .
The pecan is the only tree nut indigenous to North America , growers say . Sixteenth-century Spanish explore Cabeza de Vaca wrote about tasting the nut during their encounters with Native American tribes in South Texas . The name is French explorers ' phonetic spelling of the native word `` pakan , '' meaning hard-shelled nut .
Facing growing competition from pecan producers in South Africa , Mexico and Australia , U.S. producers are also riding the wave of the Trump Administration 's policies to promote American-made goods .
Most American kids grow up with peanut butter but peanuts probably originated in South America . Almonds are native to Asia and pistachios to the Middle East . The pecan council is funding academic research to show that their nuts are just as nutritious .
The council on Wednesday will debut a new logo : `` The American Pecan : The Original Supernut . ''
Rodney Myers , who manages operations at Anthony 's pecan farm , credits the pecan 's growing cache in China and elsewhere in Asia with its association to rustic Americana — `` the oilfield , cowboys , the Wild West — they associate all these things with the North American nut , '' they said .
China earlier this month released a list of American products that could face tariffs in retaliation for proposed U.S. tariffs on $ 50 billion worth of Chinese goods . Fresh and dried nuts — including the pecan — could be slapped with a 15-percent tariff , according to the list . To counter that risk , the pecan council is using some of the $ 8 million in production-based assessments it 's collected since the marketing order was passed in 2016 to promote the versatility of the tree nut beyond pecan pie at Thanksgiving .
While Chinese demand pushed up prices it also drove away American consumers . By January 2013 , prices had dropped 50 percent from their peak in 2011 , according to Zedan .
U.S. growers and processers were finally able in 2016 to pass a marketing order to better control pecan production and prices .
Authorized by the Agricultural Marketing Agreement Act of 1937 , federal marketing orders help producers and handlers standardize packaging , impose quality control and fund research , according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture , which oversees 28 other fruit , vegetable and specialty marketing orders , in addition to the pecan order .
Critics charge that the orders interfere with the price signals of a free , unfettered private market .
`` What you 've created instead is a government-sanctioned cartel , '' said Daren Bakst , an agricultural policy researcher at the conservative Heritage Foundation .
Before the almond industry passed its own federal marketing order in 1950 , fewer almonds than pecans were sold , according to pecan council chair Mike Adams , who cultivates 600 acres of pecan trees near Caldwell , Texas . Now , while almonds appear in everything from cereal to milk substitutes , Adams calls the pecan `` the forgotten nut . ''
`` We 're so excited to have an identity , to break out of the pie shell , '' said Molly Willis , a member of the council who owns an 80-acre pecan farm in Albany , Georgia , a supplement to their husband 's family 's peanut-processing business .
Security personnel get ready to raid a militant den in Nasirpur village , Moulvibazar , northeast of the capital Dhaka , Bangladesh , March 30 , 2017 . REUTERS/Stringer
Ambulance carrying dead bodies of militants comes out of the spot in Nasirpur village , Moulvibazar , northeast of the capital Dhaka , Bangladesh , March 30 , 2017 . REUTERS/Stringer
DHAKA As many as eight militants have blown themselves up with a grenade north of the Bangladeshi capital rather than surrender to officers who had cornered them in their hideout , police said on Thursday .
Police urged the militants in Nasirpur , northeast of the capital Dhaka , to give themselves up on Wednesday , but instead they detonated the grenade .
`` Up to eight militants , including a female , were killed , '' Monirul Islam , the chief of police for counter-terrorism and transnational crime , told reporters .
On Monday , Bangladesh army commandos killed four Islamist militants in the northeastern city of Sylhet during a raid on a building where they were holed up .
On Saturday , six people , including two police , were killed and more than 40 wounded in two bomb blasts near the militant hideout in the Sylhet building .
Islamic State claimed responsibility `` for a bombing on Bangladeshi forces in Sylhet '' , the SITE monitoring service said , citing a report on the militant group 's news agency Amaq that appeared to refer to that incident .
Islamic State and al Qaeda have made competing claims over killings of foreigners , liberals and members of religious minorities in Bangladesh , a mostly Muslim country of 160 million people .
The government has consistently ruled out the presence of such groups , blaming domestic militants instead .
Marcia Bernicat , the United States ambassador in Bangladesh , said in a radio interview the police had done `` such an excellent job '' in identifying hideouts and seizing militants ' explosives and money .
`` But the other part of the battle is the harder one , '' they the Radio Today station . `` Our real challenge is in helping to prevent people from becoming radicalized and violent in the first place . ''
They said vulnerable youths needed to be helped , including being given `` a proper understanding of religion '' , so that `` they can work to make the world better rather than turning to such violent alternatives . ''
( Reporting by Serajul Quadir ; Editing by Tom Heneghan )
In order to better understand the impact of warming waters on Antarctic ice , researchers drilled a 300-meter-deep hole into the Ross Ice shelf . While what they might find might be alarming , at least they delivered this video of a calming dive into what can only be described as blissful oblivion .
RIGGERS WIN - Red Deer Rigger Jason Louis would score on this deep base hit early in the first inning of their game against the St. Albert Tigers on May 30th . Todd Colin Vaughan/Red Deer Express
The Red Deer Riggers held their home opener against the St. Albert Tigers down at Great Chief Park in what turned out to be a wet and very odd evening .
With clouds threatening throughout the day , the first pitch was thrown as planned — but the game would certainly not go to script , with a curious goose and their goslings remaining parked in the outfield near third base for the majority of the game .
The game was also called early after the umpire team deemed the field unplayable .
“ It was sloppy on both ends , Manager Jason Chatwood said . “ It is still only May and I think our ability to not be on the field many shows . ”
Red Deer dug a hole for themselves early after Tiger Evan Hoffman sent a dinger beyond the fence to score two RBIs , putting the Riggers down 2-0 early .
Luckily , the home team managed to get out of the top of the inning to keep the score manageable .
In the bottom of the first , the Riggers were looking poised to strike after a Jason Louis single and two walks loaded the bases . The Tigers , however , managed to turn a 4-1 double play to strand three runners .
“ We had some good at bats and good swings , but it is still early , ” Chatwood said . “ The hard thing is that we are all so competitive that we expect results right away and then you forget that you have only been outside four to five times and it is only the second game . ”
The score would remain 2-0 until the third inning after a base-hit RBI by Hoffman and four walks leading to two runs , which led to a 5-0 lead .
The Riggers finally managed to get their bats going in the bottom of the third after Jason and Jaret Chatwood both scored runs and a Tiger error led to another , bringing the score to 5-3 .
Red Deer would follow that up with two base-hit RBIs in the fifth inning , tying the game at 5-5 .
The Tigers would answer back with another homerun in the seventh inning by Jessy Beley , putting St. Albert up 7-5 . The Tigers , however , would give that all back in the bottom of the inning after three errors led to three Riggers runs , bringing the game to its final score of 8-7 .
“ We had a couple fortunate plays that went our way with a couple errors on their side and we ended up getting a couple runs to get ahead , ” Chatwood said .
St. Albert would fail to score in the top of the eighth inning , followed by the umpire team calling the field unplayable due to the downpour .
“ You get a little frustrated but it is still a win on the positive note , ” Chatwood said . “ We did some good things and we battled throughout . It is nice to see that . ”
They added the team can win tough , scrappy games .
“ A lot of our maturity and experience shows in those situations . We do n't get too up or too down and we just play it out , ” they said .
The Riggers play Monday against the Confederation Cubs in Edmonton before returning home Tuesday for a 7:30 p.m. showdown against the Sherwood Park Athletics .
“ Guys are getting ready and getting reps . It is obviously still serious but it is also about seeing some pitches and getting some reps , with innings pitched for pitchers , ” Chatwood said .
todd.vaughan @ reddeerexpress.com
The new royal baby is just a day old and they already have a line of commemorative china !
On Tuesday , Royal Collection Trust launched a new line of elegant dishware in honor of Prince William and Kate Middleton ‘ s baby boy — who was born in London on Monday at 11:01 a.m. local time .
Among the items in the four-piece collection , which was commissioned exclusively by Buckingham Palace , are a plate ( $ 68 ) , pillbox ( $ 49 ) , and tankard ( $ 55 ) . Each bear the phrase “ Welcome to our new royal baby ” and are decorated with gold ribbons ; silver pompoms ; the coronet of The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge ; and a colorful illustration of a lion and a unicorn based on the Royal Arms .
The china in the range are also “ gilded with 22-carat gold and made in Stoke-on-Trent using traditional methods that have remained unchanged for more than 250 years , ” the Royal Collection Trust said in a statement .
Royal Collection Trust / © Them Majesty Queen Elizabeth II 2018
Royal Collection Trust / © Them Majesty Queen Elizabeth II 2018
Royal Collection Trust / © Them Majesty Queen Elizabeth II 2018
Royal Collection Trust / © Them Majesty Queen Elizabeth II 2018
Royal Collection Trust / © Them Majesty Queen Elizabeth II 2018
Royal Collection Trust / © Them Majesty Queen Elizabeth II 2018
Royal Collection Trust / © Them Majesty Queen Elizabeth II 2018
RELATED : See the New Royal Baby Prince from Every Angle !
Additionally , the collection includes a plush pram decoration ( $ 20 ) with “ glistening threads and delicate pearl detail , ” according to the official website . The sweet decoration is embroidered on the back with the phrase “ Royal Baby 2018 . ”
The Royal Collection Trust is a charity that not only takes care and conserves the Royal Collection , but also promotes publications , loans , educational programs and exhibitions throughout the year .
In March , they released the official commemorative china for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle 's upcoming nuptials .
For much more on the new royal family of five , pick up this week 's issue of PEOPLE , on newsstands Friday
Meanwhile , William and Kate — who debuted their son to the world just 7 hours after Kate gave birth — have already returned home to Kensington Palace , where they are beginning life as a family of five .
“ It completes them , ” royal biographer Ingrid Seward tells PEOPLE in this week 's cover story . A friend of the couple notes that Kate , 36 , “ is one of three siblings , and it 's a good family size . Boy-girl-boy is pretty cool as well . ”
RELATED VIDEO : Prince George and Princess Charlotte Visit Royal Baby in the Hospital
Parenthood , the friend adds , “ suits them really well . They are enjoying it and are very happy . ”
Big brother Prince George , 4 , and big sister Princess Charlotte , who turns 3 on May 2 , “ are so excited , ” says another friend . “ Kate 's worried that Charlotte will feel it the hardest as the youngest , but she 's such a confident little girl and growing up so fast , Kate is hoping they will adjust . ”
Putin says Russia 's economic crisis is over , inflation falling
MOSCOW , June 15 President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that Russia 's economic crisis was over and that inflation , already at a historic low , would fall further to 4 percent this year .
May 2 360 Capital Group Ltd :
* Purchase of 19.8 % stake in AJD
* Purchased a 19.8 % stake in Asia Pacific Data Centre Group for approximately $ 35.8 million Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
President Trump 's former communications director Anthony Scaramucci appeared on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert on Monday night , where they dished on all things Trump administration .
“ The Mooch from Long Island would say there was no love lost there , ” Scaramucci told host Stephen Colbert about their relationship with Reince Priebus , who was replaced by John Kelly as White House chief of staff in late July .
Colbert also pressed Scaramucci about their opinions regarding who could be leaking information from the White House , even calling Trump 's chief strategist .
“ Is Steve Bannon the leaker ? ” the late-night emcee asked before Scaramucci responded : “ I said they are . I obviously was caught on tape saying they are . I have no problem saying that . ”
They continued , “ If it were up to me , [ Bannon ] would be gone . But it 's not up to me . ”
The sit-down comes one day after Scaramucci , in an interview with George Stephanopoulos on ABC 's This Week , blamed White House chief strategist Steve Bannon for President Trump 's widely criticized response to the deadly car attack at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville , Virginia , on Saturday .
“ You also got this sort of Bannon-bart influence in there , which I think is a snag on the president , ” Scaramucci said , referencing Bannon 's former position as the head of the alt-right website Breitbart News .
TONIGHT : Anthony # TheMooch @ Scaramucci is here and he 's revealing who they would front-stab if they were still in the White House . # LSSC pic.twitter.com/sEljprdlH1 — The Late Show ( @ colbertlateshow ) August 15 , 2017
“ If the president really wants to execute ( his ) legislative agenda that , I think , is so promising for the American people , the lower-middle class people and the middle class people , then they have to move away from that sort of Bannon-bart nonsense , ” Scaramucci added . “ The whole thing is nonsensical . It 's not serving the president 's interests . He 's got to move more into the mainstream . ”
Scaramucci gave ABC their first interview since they were fired as communications director in late July , just 11 days into their post . Last Wednesday , Colbert touted their upcoming “ exclusive interview ” with Scaramucci , but as Page Six later reported , the former hedge fund manager apparently agreed to several “ exclusive ” interviews , including their initial sit-down with Stephanopoulos on Saturday .
On Monday 8/14 Anthony Scaramucci will be my guest on @ colbertlateshow . This is just a heads-up for our censors to get ready ! # themooch — Stephen Colbert ( @ StephenAtHome ) August 9 , 2017
Scaramucci was fired shortly after the publication of an expletive-filled interview with a New Yorker reporter in which they blasted other members of Trump 's administration , including Bannon and then-Chief of Staff Reince Priebus .
Late-night comedians , including Colbert , had a field day with the fiasco . After news first broke of Scaramucci 's departure , Colbert paid tribute to them in a parody song and joked , “ The front stabber has been backstabbed . They said they were going to fire everybody , and I got ta admit , they delivered . ”
On Monday , Scaramucci posted a photo of themselves in a guest bathroom at The Late Show ahead of their interview with Colbert .
It 's not where you 've been . It 's where you are going . # stephencolbert # guestbathroom # thelateshow A post shared by Anthony Scaramucci ( @ anthony_scaramucci ) on Aug 14 , 2017 at 1:29pm PDT
At the # colbertlateshow . A post shared by Anthony Scaramucci ( @ anthony_scaramucci ) on Aug 14 , 2017 at 1:24pm PDT
“ It 's not where you 've been , it 's where you are going , ” Scaramucci captioned the shot .
ISIS will be defeated in its two major strongholds of Mosul and Raqqa within six months , the top US commander in Iraq estimated on Wednesday . The extremist group is struggling as it faces multiple offensives on several fronts from Iraqi , Kurdish , coalition , Syrian regime , Syrian opposition , Russian , and Turkish forces .
“ Within the next six months , I think we 'll see both conclude , ” said US Army Lt. Gen. Stephen Townsend north of Baghdad on Wednesday , referring to the ongoing Mosul and Raqqa military campaigns .
While ISIS is being hit hard in its two strongholds , it is also facing offensives throughout territory it holds . The enemy is “ overwhelmed anywhere that they are , ” said Col. John Dorrian , spokesperson for the Combined Joint Taskforce of the global anti-ISIS coalition , briefing reporters on Wednesday .
The coalition carried out 43 airstrikes “ consisting of 92 engagements ” against ISIS in Iraq and Syria on Tuesday alone .
The multiple offensives are putting a lot of pressure on the group , Dorrian detailed .
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declared eastern Mosul “ liberated ” on January 24 . The offensive to retake western Mosul , which is surrounded by Iraqi and Kurdish forces , will start “ in the next few days , ” Townsend said on Wednesday .
ISIS militants who do not surrender in west Mosul “ will be killed there , ” Dorrian said .
The coalition has continued to hammer ISIS in west Mosul from the air while the Iraqi forces on the ground gear up for the operation , which is expected to be difficult . On Tuesday , they carried out nine airstrikes near Mosul that “ engaged six ISIL tactical unit and two ISIL staging areas ; destroyed 12 watercraft , eight cranes , seven engineering equipment pieces , five vehicles , four supply caches , two tunnels , two mortar systems , a front-end loader , a weapons cache , a fighting position , a tactical vehicle , a weapons facility , and a VBIED facility ; and damaged nine supply routes , ” their daily strike report detailed .
In Raqqa , the Syrian Democratic Forces ( SDF ) continued to progress in the campaign to isolate the city . They cleared 63 square kilometres on Tuesday , backed by 20 coalition airstrikes during the day .
The SDF are now “ 11km away from the north side of al-Raqqa , ” the Kurdish People 's Protection Units ( YPG ) , the dominant force within the SDF , stated in a news release on Wednesday . Their forces took control of two strategic hills after intense fighting Tuesday night .
Dorrian said they expect the city to be completely isolated within weeks , at which time a decision will be made with regard to the offensive to enter the city .
In al-Bab , northern Syria , ISIS is in “ deep trouble , ” Dorrian said , noting the battlespace around the town is complicated . Turkish forces and its allied Free Syrian Army ( FSA ) , who control territory north of the town , gained ground on Wednesday , while simultaneous advances to the south by Syrian regime forces and its allies tightened the noose around al-Bab .
The coalition is providing air support as well , carrying out six air strikes in the al-Bab area on Tuesday .
The coalition is coordinating daily with the Turkish military as well as keeping up regular communication with Russia via their deconfliction line , said Dorrian .
The Syrian Army advanced against ISIS in Deir ez-Zur and Palmyra , state-run SANA reported on Wednesday . In Deir ez-Zur , the air force struck an ISIS gathering . Meanwhile , west of Palmyra the army killed a group of militants and air raids on Palmyra itself killed another 12 .
When asked if the Russian and Syrian regime offensives against ISIS was at an unprecedented level , Dorrian cautiously said it would be reasonable to characterize the situation in that way , noting that Russia and Syria had been focused on Aleppo previously .
As ISIS loses on the battleground , they are also losing some of their allure , leading to a drop in recruitment of foreign fighters , Dorrian noted . Not many people want to join the fight because the enemy is being annihilated , they said , detailing that between just 100 and 200 fighters were crossing borders into ISIS territory per month , down from 2,000 a year ago .
“ The enemy is in deep trouble because they ca n't deal with all the areas they 're being attacked , ” said Dorrian .
While ISIS is losing on the battlefields in Iraq and Syria , the group is adapting , the UN 's Under-Secretary-General for Political Affairs Jeffrey Feltman warned the UN Security Council on Tuesday .
“ ISIL is adapting in several ways to military pressure – resorting to increasingly covert communication and recruitment methods , including by using the ‘ dark web , ' encryption and messengers , ” they said , using an alternate acronym for ISIS . They also noted that the group still appears to “ have sufficient funds to continue fighting . ”
Feltman made their comments while briefing the council on the Secretary General 's fourth report on the global threat of ISIS . The report notes that ISIS is losing territory in Iraq and Syria , and has been ousted from Sirte , Libya , but has continued to gain influence in other regions , including West Africa and Nigeria .
We need to do more , Feltman said . “ Ultimately , it is the spread and consolidation of peace , security , development and human rights that will most effectively deprive terrorism of the oxygen it needs to survive .
By JONATHAN ROSENBLUM
( Feb. 14 , 2017 ) — When I first heard the good news on February 3 that U.S. District Court Judge James L. Robart had slapped a restraining order on Trump 's travel ban , I texted a labor attorney friend : “ Goodness—Judge Robart ! Am I obliged to like them now ? ”
You see , while millions of people are applauding Judge Robart for upholding the Constitution and blocking xenophobia , some of us have had a very different experience in their Seattle courtroom .
Back in 2012 , SeaTac Airport workers were hauled before them by attorneys for Alaska Airlines and the Port of Seattle . By the time they left Robart 's court , they had been stripped of basic workplace rights .
The 80 aircraft fuelers were part of the famous SeaTac Airport campaign , which in 2013 won the first $ 15 minimum wage initiative in the nation . But a year before that momentous vote , the fuelers had grown sick and tired of shoddy and abusive working conditions : leaky fuel nozzles , broken ladders , faulty brakes on 10,000-gallon fuel trucks , doors and windshield wipers that did n't work , and in one case a transmission gearshift that was held together with duct tape .
The fuelers testified about these appalling conditions before the airport commission and to the media . After the fueling company , ASIG , suspended the most outspoken fueler , Alex Popescu , the workers marched into their boss 's office . Flanked by local religious leaders , they announced they were ready to go on a one-day protest strike .
DENIED THE RIGHT TO STRIKE
ASIG , supported by Alaska Airlines and the Port of Seattle , promptly filed for an emergency restraining order against any strike . Their lawsuit named Popescu , the workers , Working Washington—the labor coalition leading the SeaTac campaign—and me as the campaign director . The companies asked the judge to ban any fueler strike because it would “ have the effect of disrupting the commercial airline operations at Sea-Tac—and throughout the country—on a massive scale . ”
Judge Robart wasted little time in issuing their restraining order , and they did n't stop at banning strikes . Robart also barred workers from other collective action , even things they had n't yet considered , such as a work-to-rule campaign where workers would assiduously follow ASIG 's precise work rules and procedures .
Robart 's ruling cast a pall over SeaTac and beyond , raising doubts about the basic rights of airport workers in the U.S. Thankfully , the decision did n't stand . But it took two-and-a-half years of legal appeals before their damage to airport workers ' rights was undone by an appellate court .
So it 's ironic to read report after report extolling Judge Robart for their compassion , insightful jurisprudence , and respect for the legal rights of the downtrodden . Was that really what motivated him ? I believe that as they read out their decision on February 3 , Robart was keenly aware of the remarkable events of the prior week .
SPONTANEOUS DIRECT ACTION
Like many of you , I was not expecting the sudden flurry of social media messages on Saturday evening , January 28 , the first full day after Trump 's travel ban order : “ Get down to the airport for the rally . ”
Rally ? Nothing had been scheduled . But as word leaked out across the country that travelers were being detained at U.S. airports , stripped of their visas , and sent back to foreign countries , people mobilized .
My wife and I hopped into our car and headed for SeaTac , with our daughters sketching handmade signs in the backseat . We got to the Arrivals Hall shortly after 5 p.m. and joined a circle of about 150 people . As people poured in from all directions , within minutes the crowd swelled to 500 , then 1,000 , then a few thousand . Then we stopped trying to estimate .
Passengers merged in , towing their wheeled luggage . Seattle City Councilmember Kshama Sawant arrived and led a boisterous , chanting march through the terminal , culminating in a mass sit-down in front of the security line—in direct violation of the airport 's rules , of course .
Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal joined the rally briefly to announce that two passengers detained at SeaTac had been given legal counsel and would n't be deported . People checked their Twitter feeds and announced the spontaneous rallies at airports across the country : Denver , Philadelphia , Houston , LAX , and JFK , ( where taxi workers also went on strike , shutting down traffic at the international terminal ) .
What happened that day is that thousands of people dropped their plans for dinner , movie night , work , or study to mass at transportation centers in defense of people they had never met . They came out because of what was at stake—not just the status of foreign travelers , but our society 's core values . In the echoing halls of airport terminals from coast to coast , a spirit of resistance and humanity came alive .
Combined with the fast actions of civil rights and immigration lawyers , it was these protests surging into the national news that secured the weekend release of detained travelers and set the Trump administration back on its heels .
DISRUPTION MOVES JUDGES
Did Judge Robart watch the TV coverage of the unfolding drama at SeaTac and other airports ? I suppose we 'll never know for sure . But it 's hard to imagine they were unaware .
We 're taught that justice is blind , that judges reach their conclusions only by examining the facts presented in court . That 's rubbish . Judges are people too , with their own biases . They know their place in the power hierarchy , and they reliably side with big business over labor .
Faced with the threat of airport fuelers creating turbulence for travelers and airlines in 2012 , Robart—appointed to the bench by President George W. Bush—ruled emphatically that “ the law does not permit these employees to strike . ”
But the demonstrations on January 28 were different . We did n't just threaten disorder at the airport—we went ahead and created disorder . By stepping out in such large numbers , by sitting down in front of the security lines , by breaking laws and upsetting normal operations , we showed the White House , Congress , federal judges , and airport commissioners that we would disrupt commerce with mass civil disobedience .
It 's easy to imagine why Judge Robart , seeing the spreading uprising , would conclude that a restraining order against the Trump travel ban was needed—not just for the sake of the Constitution , but to tamp down the insurgency and restore stability for airport businesses .
The 80 workers who threatened to cease fueling aircraft at a single airport in 2012 were a problem that Robart could solve with the legal powers at their disposal . But they could n't temper the moral force of thousands of people united in disruptive actions at airports around the country .
Their decision to restrain Trump shows that civil disobedience and mass resistance still have power . That 's an important lesson as activists debate plans for work stoppages or other disruptive actions on International Women 's Day , on May Day , or beyond .
I 'm glad Judge Robart reached the right conclusion . But I 'm even more grateful that outraged people across the country stopped whatever they were doing and came together in a sudden , militant mass movement . Those airport marches showed us all the kind of fight we will have to wage against Trump—and our tremendous power when we do .
BERLIN Some European banks ' problems with bad loans are not signs of a new financial crisis but are rather remnants of the crisis of 2008 , European Commission Vice President Valdis Dombrovskis said on Thursday .
Commenting on deregulation of the financial sector in the United States , Dombrovskis said it would be good if the current global financial architecture was preserved .
`` It must be pointed out that our financial markets are closely interlinked , '' they said at a banking conference .
If U.S. regulation diverged from the global system , it would put Europe under pressure to act .
( Reporting by Gernot Heller ; Writing by Maria Sheahan ; Editing by Madeline Chambers )
BAGHDAD , March 30 Iraq has reduced oil production by more than 300,000 barrels per day to 4.464 million barrels per day ( bpd ) average so far in March as part of supply cuts decided by OPEC at the end of last year , the state-oil marketer SOMO said on Thursday . The nation 's crude exports average so far in March is 3.756 million bpd , including 515,000 bpd exported by the Kurdish region , SOMO director Falah al-Amiri told reporters in Baghdad . Compliance with the supply cuts decided by OPEC is 90 percent , they added . ( Reporting by Ahmed Rasheed ; writing by Maher Chmaytelli , editing by David Evans )
A computer screen showing stock graphs is reflected on glasses in this illustration photo taken in Bordeaux , France , March 30 , 2016 . REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
LONDON/MILAN European shares eased on Friday as investors took profits , but sealed their strongest week since December as political worries subsided and brokers forecast strong earnings growth would underpin valuations .
The STOXX 600 index closed 0.2 percent lower at 387.09 , adding to the previous session 's losses , while Britain 's FTSE .FTSE was down 0.3 percent and France 's CAC 40 .FCHI was flat .
The pan-European index ended the week up 2.5 percent - its strongest week since December - as fresh money poured into the region 's equities on the back of the market-friendly outcome of the first round of France 's presidential election .
It sealed a third straight month of gains , and was just off fresh 20-month highs hit on Wednesday .
Brokers and investors fell over each other to recommend European equities . Strategists at Bank of America Merrill Lynch raised their target for the STOXX to 420 points and said they expected European earnings to grow 15 percent this year .
`` If valuations look as high as they can reasonably get , the market has to be driven by earnings growth to go higher from here . And we are confident we will see that , '' said Andrew King , head of European equities at BNP Paribas Investment Partners .
`` That 's why this reporting season could be significant - it might go a long way to convincing overseas investors that Europe is not broken , and that a recovery is underway , '' they added .
Of the 28 percent of companies having reported , 71 percent have beaten estimates while 20 percent missed , Thomson Reuters data showed .
The biggest inflow into European equity funds since 2015 helped bolster market optimism over the region .
On the day , shares in UBS ( UBSG.S ) rallied 2.2 percent , touching a three-month high as a long-awaited turnaround in its core wealth management business helped Switzerland 's biggest bank deliver its second-best start to a year since the financial crisis .
Baader Helvea analyst Tomasz Grzelak said the recovery in wealth management `` will significantly lower investor concerns '' about the bank 's key growth engine .
But British rival Barclays ( BARC.L ) fell 5.1 percent after its investment bank missed out on a bond trading boom that saw earnings surge at its Wall Street rivals , even though its first quarter profit more than doubled .
Austrian oil and gas company OMV ( OMVV.VI ) jumped 8 percent to a 9-year high after its first-quarter profit nearly tripled thanks to higher oil prices and better sales .
Gemalto ( GTO.AS ) fell 7.2 percent , the biggest faller on the STOXX after the Dutch digital security firm cut its 2017 profit forecast due to slow adoption of chip-enabled payment cards in the United States .
Earnings also drove price action for other top STOXX movers .
French tele-services provider Teleperformance ( ROCH.PA ) surged more than 7 percent to an all-time high following better than expected results , while aluminium producer Norsk Hydro ( NHY.OL ) fell 5 percent after posting first-quarter results below forecasts across all divisions .
Deal news was the driver of Zodiac ( ZODC.PA ) shares , which climbed 6.9 percent after the struggling airplane seat-maker said it was continuing talks with Safran ( SAF.PA ) to seal a merger .
( Reporting by Danilo Masoni ; Editing by Mark Trevelyan )
HSBC to keep best lending rate at 5 pct in Hong Kong
HONG KONG , June 15 HSBC Holdings Plc will maintain its best lending rate at 5 percent in Hong Kong , the bank said on Thursday , after the territory 's defacto central bank raised its discount window base rate .
UPDATE 1-S.Korean consortium led by Newlake preferred bidder for Arrium - administrator
SYDNEY , June 15 A South Korean private equity syndicate led by Newlake Alliance and JB Asset Management has been named as the preferred bidder in the sale process for troubled Australian steel group Arrium Ltd , Arrium 's financial administrator confirmed on Thursday .
BRIEF-Service & Quality Technology to set up unit in Hong Kong via subsidiary
* Says it plans to invest HK $ 7 million in its Hong Kong-based subsidiary to help to set up a new sub-subsidiary in Hong Kong
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Red Sox 11 , Nationals 4
Boston Washington ab r h bi ab r h bi Betts cf 4 1 1 0 T.Trner ss 5 0 2 0 Bnntndi lf 5 2 1 0 J.Soto lf 5 0 1 0 J.Mrtin rf 5 2 2 4 Rendon 3b 5 0 1 0 Mreland 1b 1 1 1 0 Harper rf 3 1 1 0 Pearce 1b 4 1 2 1 Difo 2b 1 0 0 0 Bgaerts ss 3 1 2 3 D.Mrphy 2b 4 0 0 0 Devers 3b 3 1 0 0 Collins p 0 0 0 0 Nunez 2b 4 1 2 3 Grace p 0 0 0 0 Leon c 3 0 0 0 Mar.Ryn 1b 4 1 2 1 B.Jhnsn p 2 1 1 0 M.Tylor cf 4 0 2 0 Hembree p 1 0 0 0 P.Svrno c 3 1 1 1 Workman p 0 0 0 0 Roark p 3 0 1 1 Swihart ph 1 0 0 0 Goodwin rf 1 1 1 1 W.Cevas p 0 0 0 0 Totals 36 11 12 11 Totals 38 4 12 4
Boston 030 060 002—11 Washington 000 201 001— 4
DP_Washington 3 . LOB_Boston 3 , Washington 9 . 2B_Pearce ( 8 ) , Nunez ( 14 ) , Harper ( 14 ) . HR_J.Martinez ( 26 ) , Bogaerts ( 13 ) , Nunez ( 6 ) , P.Severino ( 1 ) , Goodwin ( 3 ) . CS_M.Taylor ( 5 ) .
IP H R ER BB SO Boston Johnson 4 2-3 8 2 2 2 2 Hembree 1 1-3 2 1 1 0 4 Workman W,1-0 1 0 0 0 0 1 Cuevas 2 2 1 1 0 0 Washington Roark L,3-10 7 10 9 9 2 4 Collins 1 1 0 0 2 1 Grace 1 1 2 2 1 0
WP_Roark .
Umpires_Home , Vic Carapazza ; First , Jordan Baker ; Second , Jeremie Rehak ; Third , Jerry Layne .
T_2:55 . A_42,531 ( 41,313 ) .
Notorious former school teacher and sex offender Mary Kay Letourneau is speaking out — and they know that their relationship with husband Vili Fualaau is still every bit as controversial as it was in 1996 , when they were 34 and they were their 12-year-old sixth-grade student .
“ [ It ] sounds young , I get it , ” Letourneau , now 56 , said on Tuesday night 's Autobiography , on A & E . “ He was young , I get it . Am I sorry that he 's the father of my children ? No I 'm not . ”
Both Letourneau and Fualaau cooperated for the show after years living in relative seclusion in Washington . As they spoke about their relationship , Fualaau , now 34 , said that they made the first move and asked their teacher if they could kiss them
“ She said , ‘ Only a coward would ask , ' ” they recalled .
“ Twenty years later , people ask how it turned into romance , ” Letourneau said . “ Back in the day , I accepted the kiss , you know . I did . They are n't my student when that happened . For some reason , the kiss , it seemed very right . ”
Their relationship first turned physical right after the end of the school year .
Fualaau said on A & E that , “ after the kiss , we kind of made it official that we are kind of a thing now . ”
That “ thing ” ended up landing Letourneau in prison for seven years .
Following a guilty plea for felony second-degree rape of a child , they were sentenced to six months behind bars , with three months suspended , and told to have no contact with Fualaau for life . But they were unable to stay away from them and was re-arrested when they were caught having sex with him , again , in a car .
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage ? Click here to get breaking crime news , ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter .
From left : Vili Fualaau and Mary Kay Letourneau in 2015 Heidi Gutman/ABC/Getty
Letourneau was sent back to prison and was released in 2004 . They twice became pregnant with Fualaau 's child when they were underage . The couple eventually married and raised their two daughters together .
The couple legally separated last year , after 12 years of marriage . Despite that apparent split , Fualaau and Letoureanu are still living together and have recently been spotted out near their apartment in Des Moines , Washington .
They have worked at a home improvement store and as a deejay . They have worked as a legal assistant .
Speaking out this week , LeTourneau admitted that even given their long relationship , they sometimes wonder how things could have gone differently with Fualaau
“ Maybe I am just naive in that area of life , ” they said on Biography , “ Maybe it could have stayed just a kiss . I always thought , ‘ What if it could have ? ' ”
Mary Kay Letourneau : Autobiography aired Tuesday and is available on demand and on A & E 's website . It will be rebroadcast throughout the month .
It 's looking more and more likely that Derby County will be taking the plunge and appointing Frank Lampard as their new manager in the coming days .
I say 'taking the plunge ' because , let 's face it , it 's quite the gamble potentially being taken by the Rams given Lampard has , as yet , no managerial experience .
Pride Park will be a good stage for Lampard to prove theirs worth .
However , managers all have to start somewhere , and maybe this could end up being something of an inspired choice by the Derby hierarchy if indeed it is Lampard who gets the nod .
The evidence points to that being the case , with Lampard having admitted advanced talks with the club and their presence at the League Two play-off final on Monday apparently being down to Derby having requested a pass for them to attend , it would seem on some kind of scouting mission .
But just how risky would appointing Lampard be , once the inevitable fanfare dies down and the football takes over ?
Great players do not necessarily great managers make , that 's been emphasised on many occasions in the past , but Lampard seems from the outset to be someone who wo n't necessarily fall into that category . Their punditry is well-informed and he 's always seemed an articulate and erudite character , both on and off the pitch . Those things alone of course wo n't make them a world beater , but they 're a good start .
Will Cameron Jerome be one of those Lampard can bring the best out of if they come to Pride Park ?
He 's keen to succeed , and like their England midfield partner Steven Gerrard - another seemingly high risk appointment as head coach at Glasgow Rangers - they could now have a decent stage upon which to show their credentials .
It 's not just high risk for the Rams either . Failure to any great degree could end Lampard 's managerial career before it gains any momentum .
So just what could Lampard bring to the table ?
Their playing career was as celebrated as they come - 106 England caps , numerous Champions League , Premier League and cup medals and having played under some of the top bosses in the game , from whom they must have learned plenty .
Their little black book will be bulging with top drawer contacts who could lend a hand when it comes to players , although said contacts are only as useful as the players they can provide so they will have to be wary from just where they seek help .
Their relative lack of experience could be a plus - plenty of coaches with prior experience have come and gone through the door quickly at Pride Park in recent years , emphasising that kind of factor alone does n't automatically make the key fit .
Then , of course , there 's the interest it will generate in the club if they come in , which will at least create a real buzz around the city in the short-term and maybe beyond if things go well .
There are potential downsides to Lampard being appointed too .
It 's hard to see them being a long-term option for Derby , thus failing to arrest the remarkable turnover of managers in recent seasons . Should Lampard succeed , it 's likely he 'll be snapped up by a bigger club before too long , and should they fail then the Rams are never slow to wield the axe no matter who is in charge . Just how long he 'll be given to prove their worth if the latter scenario emerges , only time will tell .
The reported slashing of budgets at Derby will also hamper Lampard , whose own contract will surely be heavily incentivised to ensure he 's rewarded for success but not failure . A heavy reliance on young players or some shrewd recruitment from the lower divisions or abroad could well be the way forward if the pounds and pence are n't there to lure top quality and proven stars .
Expectations will need to be managed . Promotion should n't necessarily be a requirement , particularly given the reported budget cuts , and supporters will have to be realistic depending on what kind of squad Lampard builds . Key players from the season gone by , particularly the big earners , could well be on their way out unless any are prepared to take a pay cut in order to work with such a household name .
It all remains hypothetical , of course , given Lampard is yet to be confirmed in the role , but with the evidence pointing towards that happening before too long , and presumably before Lampard takes off to Russia for their World Cup TV duties should they still decide to take part , it could be a very interesting few months ahead .
The end of Whiplash except it 's the Mute City theme from F-Zero . pic.twitter.com/8Mry5KQetr
THIS IS OUR TEMPO Wow , F-Zero 's Mute City Theme Works Perfectly With The Final Scene Of 'Whiplash '
True fans will notice that this is taken from the 'Mario Kart 8 ' version of the classic Mute City theme from Nintendo 's other big racing series , F-Zero .
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE , June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate 's CEO job .
VERSAILLES – Luke Shellhaas ' intense work ethic allowed them to reach unprecedented heights at Versailles and now he 'll get to test themselves in college as they committed to the Ohio Northern University track and field team on Tuesday .
Shellhaas , the son of Dave and Beth Shellhaas , will be a pole vaulter for Ohio Northern .
“ It 's very exciting , ” they said . “ It will give me something to do , and I 'm super excited about a new journey in my life and see where the path takes me . ”
Shellhaas has had a big senior season for Versailles as they set the program 's pole vault record . He 's cleared 14 feet 8 inches and hopes to take the mark even higher when they compete this weekend at the Ohio High School Athletic Association state track and field meet in Columbus .
“ I 'm sitting fourth right now , but I 'd like to get , at least try , to get that championship , ” the Versailles senior said . “ But I 'll probably be satisfied with top three . The goal is to get over 15 feet to increase that school record just a little bit . ”
Versailles ' pole vault record had stood since 1972 so Shellhaas taking it down was a major feat .
“ All the offseason stuff he 's done and even during season , the extra stuff , those are the things that 's the difference between a vaulter who does n't go to state and one who does , ” Versailles track and field coach Mike Goubeaux said . “ And so that 's a testament to their work ethic . ”
Shellhaas ' coaches said pure effort is what made them the vaulter they are today .
“ There 's a lot of things people are blessed with , ” Versailles pole vault coach Adam Schwartz said . “ Luke is not blessed with height , speed , anything . Everything they got on the pole vault they worked for and they worked really hard for . And he 's now to the point where there may be vaulters that are faster than them and there may be vaulters that are stronger than him , but there is not going to be a vaulter who wants it more than him , and there 's not going to be a vaulter who looks better than them on the pole . He 's just put in so much time on a pole and so much time dedicated to pole vaulting . ”
Shellhaas is dedicated to improving their craft even more when they get to Ohio Northern . He 'd like to set the school record there , qualify for nationals and maybe even win a national championship .
“ Just set high goals , ” they said .
Ohio Northern is an NCAA Division III program that competes in the Ohio Athletic Conference along with Baldwin Wallace University , Capital University , Heidelberg University , John Carroll University , Marietta College , the University of Mount Union , Muskingum University , Otterbein University and Wilmington College .
This season the Polar Bears sent seven athletes to the NCAA Division III outdoor national championships . They finished the season with multiple national champions , including Maddy Reed in the women 's pole vault .
Shellhaas , who plans to study mechanical engineering , was drawn to Ohio Northern because of its great athletics and academics .
“ I made the decision to go to Ohio Northern University on the basis of they have a great track program and great academics there , ” they said . “ I have lots of goals for the upcoming years in my college track career . ”
Goubeaux expects Shellhaas to excel at Ohio Northern as the level of competition they faced throughout their high school career has prepared them for the rigors of college .
“ He 's competing against guys every week in Darke County , ” Goubeaux said . “ They get together , all the best vaulters in the county get together , even regionally speaking , and they vault just like they do up in the northeast . So he 's exposed to that . He 's up there watching what they 're doing , and they 're learning from each other . ”
The experiences Shellhaas gains at Ohio Northern will be great for him , the Polar Bears and society in general , Schwartz said .
“ I 'm very excited for Ohio Northern , ” Versailles ' pole vault coach said . “ They 're going to have a very good vaulter . And I 'm excited for everyone else because we 're going to end up with a very , very good mechanical engineer out of this . And I 'm very excited for Luke . ”
Versailles senior Luke Shellhaas committed to the Ohio Northern University track and field team on Tuesday . Pictured are ( front row , l-r ) mother Beth Shellhaas , Luke Shellhaas , father Dave Shellhaas , ( back row , l-r ) Versailles track and field coach Mike Goubeaux , Versailles pole vault coach Adam Schwartz and Versailles Athletics Director Doug Giere . https : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/05/web1_Luke-Shellhaas-WEB.jpg Versailles senior Luke Shellhaas committed to the Ohio Northern University track and field team on Tuesday . Pictured are ( front row , l-r ) mother Beth Shellhaas , Luke Shellhaas , father Dave Shellhaas , ( back row , l-r ) Versailles track and field coach Mike Goubeaux , Versailles pole vault coach Adam Schwartz and Versailles Athletics Director Doug Giere . Kyle Shaner | The Daily Advocate
By Kyle Shaner kshaner @ aimmediamidwest.com
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4312 . Follow me on Twitter @ KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360 . For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com .
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4312 . Follow me on Twitter @ KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360 . For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com .
FB LIVE : FRANK TURNER announced a new album , tour and released a new song all on Facebook live today . Click here to watch the FB Live and the live performance of the new song ... and make sure and see them live with the Sleeping Souls at The Pabst on October 6 .
FOO AND RIVERS ROCK ‘ ROCK CITY ' Weezer 's Rivers Cuomo joined Foo Fighters on stage in Melbourne , Australia to cover KISS 's Detroit Rock City . Click here to check out the goodness . https : //youtu.be/pDLG1NmYRYk
FM 102/1 VEG OUT MKE FM 102/1 wants you to eat your veggies ! VEG OUT MKE is Milwaukee 's first vegetarian foodie festival , Saturday , February 24 from 11am-3pm at Best Place at the Historic Pabst Brewery . Join us for a day of food , beer , cooking demos and more ! https : //www.facebook.com/events/528421320870138/
BORDERLINE : BYRNE COVERS MADONNA David Byrne showed up at the Public Theatre in NYC and performed songs from David Bowie and Madonna . Click here to check out the story and catch a snippet of Byrne performing Madonna 's Borderline . David Byrne will be live at the Riverside Theater in Milwaukee May 15 .
BEASTIES TO RELEASE MEMOIRS Mike D and Ad-Rock have been working on the ultimate Beasties tell-all since 2013 and should be out this fall . Click here for the entire story .
WIN A COUSINS SUBS $ 25 GIFT CARD Cousins Subs love Milwaukee ... and we love Cousins Subs ! Click here and enter to win a $ 25 gift card !
FM 102/1 2018 FESTIVAL CENTRAL Road trip ... or maybe home trip . Check out the festival lineups and where you and your friends plan to be at this year .
BSS12 : FOSTER THE PEOPLE Ian McCain got a chance to talk to Foster The People before they hit the Big Snow Show 12 stage , November 30 , 2017 at Eagles Ballroom in Milwaukee .
BECK : “ FIX ME ” Beck and co-stars Mame , Riku , Gaku and Qoo have proudly unveiled the wonderfully whimsical video for “ Fix Me , '' from their new album Colors . Click here to check it out .
THE SCENE : JANUARY AJ is back like Baby New Year with all types of Emo treats for 2018 . Music from Taking Back Sunday , Asking Alexandria , The Wonder Years and more .
FEEL THE FRANZ LOVE AND GO The new Franz Ferdinand album `` Always Ascending '' is out February 9 . Check out the new visualizer video for `` Feel the Love and Go '' here and see them live at The Rave April 30 .
BSS12 : PARAMORE Paramore backstage with Katona at Big Snow Show 12 at Eagles Ballroom , December 1 , 2017 .
CATCH K.FLAY FOR FREE… K.BYE k.flay and Sir Sly are playing free stripped down sets Tuesday , January 30 at The Brass Alley as FM 102/1 celebrates the launch of Sam Adam 's new Sam '76 . Admission is free ( 21+ ) . Listen to Adler at 8:30am weekdays for your chance to score a VIP meet & greet .
ADLER 'S COLLEGE DEBT GIVEAWAY School is expensive . Adler is teaming with Educators Credit Union and giving away $ 500 every month to help you pay down your college loan . Click here for details and to enter .
A Private Finance Initiative contract signed by Yorkshire 's biggest police force to create two district headquarters and a state-of-the-art training base will cost taxpayers £338m over 25 years .
West Yorkshire Police used a ‘ buy now , pay later ' PFI scheme to finance the construction of its HQ with custody facilities at Elland Road in Leeds , another similar base at Havertop Lane at Normanton and a specialist operational training centre at Carr Gate in Wakefield .
West Yorkshire Police 's Leeds District Headquarters on Elland Road , Leeds . 11th April 2014 . JG100268a Picture : Jonathan Gawthorpe .
According to Government spending data , £12.1m was paid out as part of the Modernise Police Estate project last year , with payments of £338m to be made between 2013 and 2039 .
The capital value of the buildings is £113.9m , but the force said the total cost of the project included services such as pre-planned maintenance , repairs and cleaning .
A spokesperson said the ‘ majority ' of the cost was accounted for by Government PFI credits , meaning central government bears the cost rather than local taxpayers . The force was unable to say precisely what proportion of payments would come from PFI credits .
Details of the multi-million pound payments being made by local authorities around the region have been revealed by The Yorkshire Post in the last two weeks .
Deals drawn up by local councils will see more than £13bn paid back over three decades for new homes , schools and waste facilities , while five of the region 's hospital trusts have signed contracts totalling £3.8bn .
Critics argue that PFI , which became widespread after Labour took power in 1997 , is a more expensive way of funding public schemes than simply borrowing .
But supporters say the contracts bring many benefits , with the private contractor taking on the risks involved with a major project as well as providing maintenance and management of the new building .
On Saturday , an ex-Wakefield MP and former chairperson of the Parliamentary health select committee described the cost of the PFI deal done by their local hospital trust as “ nothing short of scandalous ” .
A West Yorkshire Police spokesperson said : “ Consideration of using PFI as a means of delivering the WYP estates strategy was initially approved in 2008 with a key factor in the decision making process being central Government 's financial support throughout the life of the contract .
“ This project began in 2009 , with the contract being awarded in May 2012 and the last of the three police building complexes becoming fully operational in 2014 .
“ This allowed the force to release a number of buildings and save revenue costs for buildings from our estates rationalisation programme . ”
They added : “ In order to obtain Government funding the force had to complete a robust Business Case , which demonstrated value for money . ”
Separately , a contract drawn up by North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service for the Easingwold Training Centre and Fire Station and Huntington Fire Station will cost £26.2m over 25 years .
The two buildings , which have capital costs of £6.4m , were built as part of a PFI deal with Bristol-based LBS ( Fire Services ) Limited , signed in 2001 .
A spokesperson said at the time of the deal the fire authority was only able to borrow £500,000 a year , and that the new buildings could not have been paid for without PFI .
It receives £649,000 per year in government grants , which over the 25 years will equate to £16.2m .
The spokesperson said : “ The total value of payments made under the contract is probably higher than would have been the case had the assets been procured directly by the authority and as such , the cost to the taxpayer in general is higher .
“ However , the contribution from central government significantly reduces the local impact . ”
ATHENS Euro zone deputy finance ministers have recommended Greek bailout review talks continue in Athens , a government official said on Friday , as Athens and its creditors seek a deal on reforms to unlock aid .
EU/IMF mission chiefs were expected to decide later today whether they would return to Athens , to wrap up talks on a technical agreement ahead of a meeting of euro zone finance ministers in Malta on April 7 .
( Reporting by Renee Maltezou )
Days after announcing their pregnancy , Rachel Weisz hit the streets of New York City , showing off their growing baby bump for the first time .
The 48-year-old Oscar-winning actor was photographed on Monday in the Big Apple heading to an event at the 92nd Street Y wearing a bright red textured dress with a bow tied above their baby belly . They accessorized the look with gold chunky heels and dark shades .
Earlier in the day , Weisz attended the Tribeca Film Festival where they turned heads in a long-sleeve striped knit maxi dress . They wore the same sunglasses , but paired them with black slip-ons and a matching black purse .
The baby on the way will be the actor ' first child with Daniel Craig , who they married in 2011 . Weisz is also mom to Henry , their 11-year-old son from their previous relationship with Darren Aronofsky , while Craig , 50 , has a 25-year-old daughter , Ella , with ex Fiona Loudon .
ZapatA/MEGA
MMV/BACKGRID
RELATED : Everything to Know About Getting Pregnant In Your 40s , as More Stars Have Babies Near 50
Weisz revealed that they were expecting a second child in an interview with the New York Times , published last Friday .
“ We 're going to have a little human , ” they said . “ We ca n't wait to meet them or them It 's all such mystery . ”
Added the second-time mom-to-be , “ I 'll be showing soon . Daniel and I are so happy . ”
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements , plus celebrity mom blogs ? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter .
Erik Pendzich/Shutterstock
RELATED : Why Parents-to-Be Rachel Weisz and Daniel Craig ‘ Protect ' the Privacy of Their Marriage
Prior to their baby bump debut , Weisz was spotted in the Big Apple keeping any hints of their pregnancy bundled up under a long navy blue coat , which they paired with a bright red beanie .
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE ? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox .
They also kept things under wraps on April 9 , as they and Craig attended The Opportunity Network 's 11th Annual Night Of Opportunity Gala in Manhattan . Posing on the red carpet together , Weisz wore an oversized orange knee-length gown with a black jacket , silver sandals and a matching clutch .
Weisz and Craig are typically private about their relationship and personal lives , but they previously told the Evening Standard that they would rather their son Henry did n't follow in their footsteps and begin their career by modeling .
Another night , another bar fight .
On Monday 's episode of Floribama Shore , it became clear that Aimee , Candace , Codi , Gus , Jeremiah , Kirk , Kortni and Nilsa ca n't hit the town without throwing a punch . Another trend : most of the roommates still do n't like Jeremiah 's friend with benefits Kayla Jo , and he 's over it . Heading into the thick of the summer , the eight housemates continue to clash as they try to party their way through Florida 's Panama City Beach .
Peace at last ?
Fresh off a bar brawl at Donovan 's , where a local woman verbally assaulted Nilsa unprompted , the housemates feel closer than ever . “ This fight definitely brought us closer , ” Aimee declares . “ I 'm thinking about writing a letter to this threatening lady and thanking her . ”
Kirk , who jumped to defend Nilsa the night before , adds , “ We realized we 're a unit . We love each other . ”
But the good vibes do n't last for long , as Jeremiah decides Nilsa should n't have let the insults about them looks get it them “ I get people dogging on my appearance all the time , ” claims the Clark Kent lookalike . “ In the end , the only person that should be satisfied with yourself is yourself . ”
“ It 's easier said than done , Jeremiah , ” Nilsa responds . “ I want to be okay with myself . And why do you think I got everything I do to myself , because I do n't . There was a big point in my life when I was like , I am pretty , I am beautiful . And then when I got out of a relationship , I was like , I 'm nothing . I 'm 15 pounds overweight and here I am . ”
Forever the voice of reason , Candace resolves the tension . “ It does n't matter if you 're pretty , you 're ugly , if you 're short or if you 're tall , ” they say . “ Somebody gon na dog you for something , and that 's just what that is . … You rock who you are . You be who you are . ”
The roomies celebrate the armistice with dinner at the Cajun Café . After they say grace , an older man — seemingly the restaurant 's owner — brings over a round of Jameson shots and offers a toast that can only be described as very PCB : “ A rangers ' home is the forest , a sailor 's home is the sea , a whiskey glass and a hooker 's ass is home sweet home to me. ” Also of note , a woman about their age , likely their wife , was standing next to this guy as they made this toast to the group of twentysomethings .
Kayla Jo 's ultimate offense
The ceasefire lasts until Kayla Jo come over to hang out with Jeremiah . Nilsa claims she 's going to kill Kayla Jo with kindness , but also insists that their female intuition senses something bad about their roommate 's lover .
“ Kayla Jo is the definition of a barnacle , ” Nilsa says in an on-camera interview . “ She 's just clingy and no one likes clingy . So that 's definitely not gon na fly . ”
To their face , though , Nilsa offers Kayla Jo snacks , drinks and pizza , the latter of which they accept . Before the frozen pizza is ready , though , Kayla Jo makes Aimee cry by telling the Alabama native that they should stop smoking cigarettes because it causes wrinkles . “ She was talkin ' about me smokin ' , ” Aimee recaps . “ She 's very sneaky , disrespectful . ”
Nilsa assures Aimee they wo n't get wrinkles , and then serves up Kayla Jo a slice of pizza as they head out to meet their cab . “ You did great . It tastes delicious , ” Kayla Jo tells Nilsa of the pepperoni pie . Then outside with Jeremiah , they change their tune . “ I really do n't want this , though , ” they tell him . “ Mixed meats , not for me . ”
RELATED VIDEO : Jersey Shore Is Back With a ‘ Family Vacation ' but One Original Cast Member Is Not Joining Them
So following Kayla Jo 's instructions , Jeremiah folds up the pizza slice in its paper plate and tries to hide it by a pair of Nilsa 's shoes . When they discover the misplaced pizza , though , Nilsa 's façade of compassion quickly fades . “ The worst thing someone can do to me is take a piece of my pizza and just throw it away like it means nothing , ” they say . “ She did n't just disrespect me , they disrespected my pizza . ”
Jeremiah 's defense : “ Well they took a bite , did n't she ? ”
To right the insurmountable wrong , Nilsa requires Jeremiah to finish the slice , and they reluctantly oblige , pointing out that it was just frozen pizza .
“ We the same height , boo ! ”
The roommates get it together long enough for a trip to Kortni 's house , where they meet their mom , who shares very few characteristics ( she does n't drink ! ) with their party animal daughter .
“ I 'm like , wow this lady is Mother Teresa , ” Candace — who wears a zebra onesie to the visit — says upon meeting Mrs. Gilson . “ This ai n't real . ”
Happy Mother 's Day to the most inspirational woman I 've ever had in my life . I love you so much ! I do n't know what I would do without you 😘 A post shared by Kortni Gilson ( @ _k0nigi ) on May 10 , 2015 at 4:24pm PDT
While getting to know their daughter 's new friends , Kortni 's mom learns that Gus wanted to join the military but was disqualified when they broke their arm . Aimee also reveals that they dropped out of high school . Meanwhile , Codi is scared of Kortni 's parrot , who they teach saying “ thot . ”
“ We just made this bird rachet , ” says Candace .
The family feeling lasts for only so long . Back at home , Kortni informs Candace , Codi and Nilsa that Kayla Jo is a Wiccan .
“ I do n't do witches , ” Candace asserts . “ I do n't do mythical creatures and stuff like that . That 's against my beliefs . ”
Aimee , Candace , Codi and Nilsa gossip about Kayla Jo 's unconventional spirituality , and Gus informs Jeremiah about the chatter . Jeremiah calls a family meeting , which as Aimee notes , never goes well . They confront the discussions about Kayla Jo , but once Jeremiah refers to Nilsa as “ woman , ” the conversation turns to their disrespect toward women . “ Last time I checked , you earn respect , honey , ” Jeremiah tells Nilsa .
“ The difference between a Southern gentleman and Jeremiah , a Southern gentlemen , they stand up for women , ” they say . “ They do n't disrespect women . They do n't throw low blows at women . ”
Gus also gets implicated as someone who disrespects females , an accusation that brings them nearly to tears . “ It 's just like a super sensitive topic for me , ” explains Gus , adding that they grew up in a house with sisters and a mother whom they saw mistreated . “ I just get so mad when they say I 'm disrespectful like that , 'cause I work so hard not to be . ”
Codi offers Gus a hug , and Gus tells Nilsa he 'd want them to help correct any inappropriate behavior . “ If I 'm doing that , you tell me so I can fix it , ” they say .
The Floribama Shore cast MTV
On the same page again , the Floribama gang heads to Newbies , and some of Gus ' out-of-town friends meet them at the bar . During a game of oversized Jenga , one of the pals informs Gus that a male bystander made a comment about Gus ' hair and called them a homophobic slur .
“ That is so offensive and so degrading , ” Gus says . “ I am not going to put up with it . ”
So Gus confronts the man , they get in each other 's faces , and they push Gus before security intervenes . After recapping the altercation with the rest of their housemates , Candace decides the beef is n't settled and gets up to confront a group of three men who all meet Gus 's description of a “ farmer boy ” in a hat .
They demand one of the men identify themselves as the person behind the offensive comment , and after none of them own up , Gus lets them know it 's the man on the left who called them an inappropriate name .
“ We the same height , boo ! ” Candace says to the offender before flicking their hat off this head .
The action sets off Gus 's tormenter , who comes after the group . Kirk throws a punch , Aimee comes out swinging at the man 's friends and Candace gets back in there , too . Security tries to hold everyone back , but no one is using their indoor voices , and the chaos continues . But we 'll have to wait until next week to see if everyone escapes without a trip to jail this time around .
Floribama Shore airs Mondays ( 10 p.m . ET ) on MTV .
MELBOURNE , Australia ( AP ) — Melbourne will test a terrorism alarm system this month after police thwarted two alleged plots targeting Christmas-New Year crowds and a lone driver killed six pedestrians in the last year in Australia 's second-largest city .
Loudspeakers are being installed at more than 90 sites across downtown Melbourne as part of the alarm system that will be tested on Dec. 28 , Victoria state Acting Police Chief Commissioner Shane Patton said .
The speakers will sound a siren and police instructions to the public in the event of a terrorist attack .
Patton told reporters in Melbourne , the state capital , that even though Victoria `` is essentially a very safe place , '' action must be taken to `` make sure that we are resistant to terrorism . ''
Advertisement
Police last month charged a 20-year-old Australian-born citizen with Somali parents with preparing to commit a terrorist attack in Melbourne . Police allege they planned to use an automatic rifle to shoot ad many people as possible in downtown Federation Square on New Year 's Eve .
Four men are waiting to stand trial on terrorism charges after they were arrested in December last year over a similar alleged plot to attack Federal Square and other public places in Melbourne over the Christmas-New Year period . The four will stand trial next year on terrorism charges .
A 27-year-old man has been charged with six counts of murder and 28 of attempted murder after allegedly driving a stolen car along a Melbourne pedestrian mall on Jan. 20 . Their lawyers have told the court they are unlikely to be mentally fit to enter pleas .
ST. CLAIRSVILLE , Ohio — An Ohio woman might want to ask some questions if they try to borrow someone 's urine again to pass a drug test .
WTOV-TV reports 24-year-old Kiana Wallace was sentenced to 18 months in prison Monday , in eastern Ohio 's Belmont County , after submitting a borrowed urine sample that tested positive for drugs . Wallace pleaded guilty earlier this month to attempted tampering with evidence .
Judge Frank Fregiato called the failed urine swap `` bizarre '' and told Wallace they would n't allow them to make a mockery of the drug and alcohol testing system .
Records show Wallace was sentenced to six months in jail followed by probation in January 2017 for drug possession .
Happy birthday , Chance the Rapper !
The Grammy award-winner celebrated their 24th birthday at the Studio Paris Nightclub in Chicago on Sunday , with guest performances by Ludacris and T-Pain .
The rapper attended with 40 people in their group , and gave an inspiring speech about their beloved city and how proud they were to hail from Chicago . In addition , the father of one raised over $ 100,000 for their non-profit youth charity , SocialWorks , at the party , called “ Chance the Birthday . ”
In an Instagram post of their birthday cake , which paid homage to Harold 's Chicken Shack , they wrote , “ Thank God for the people in my life . I 've had unimaginable & undeserving blessings in my 24 years here . I love you Chicago , let 's see what we can do for this world . ”
Thank God for the people in my life . I 've had unimaginable & undeserving blessings in my 24 years here . I love you chicago , let 's see what we can do for this world . A post shared by Chance The Rapper ( @ chancetherapper ) on Apr 17 , 2017 at 11:53am PDT
T-Pain performed some of their older classics such as “ Sprung , ” while Ludacris went onstage after him , and did a verse from their new record , “ vitamin D . ”
Chance did not perform , but they were gifted a signature hat cake , along with a Hennessy VS & Moët & Chandon Nectar Impérial Rosé bottle parade .
I ca n't thank you all enough . — Lil Chano From 79th ( @ chancetherapper ) April 17 , 2017
When Real Ones Connect . Happy Day @ chancetherapper A post shared by @ ludacris on Apr 16 , 2017 at 11:36pm PDT
Surprised my guy @ chancetherapper for their Bday last night . Got on the mic and had to hit the crowd with the new # vitamind record as well as this classic . Chi-town Love ! Happy Bday king 👑 A post shared by @ ludacris on Apr 17 , 2017 at 7:08pm PDT
They tweeted their thanks the next day , writing , “ I ca n't thank you all enough . ”
Global Ophthalmology Devices Market , By Type , By Applications , By Distribution Channel , By Geography - Industry Trends and Forecast to 2024
Contact
Data Bridge Market Research
* * * @ databridgemarketresearch.com Data Bridge Market Research
End
-- Global ophthalmology devices market is expected to reach USD 66.6 billion by 2024 from USD 55.1 billion in 2016 , at a CAGR of 2.5 % in the forecast period 2017 to 2024 . The new market report contains data for historic years 2014 & 2015 , the base year of calculation is 2016 and the forecast period is 2017 to 2024.The Global Ophthalmology Devices Market is segmented on the basis of product type , application , end-user , distribution channel and geography.· Diagnostic· Monitoring devices· Surgical devices· Vision careo optical coherence therapy ( OCT ) scannerso ophthalmology ultrasound imaging systemso fundus cameraso opthalmoscopeso retinoscopeso wavefront abberrometerso corneal topographyo autorefractorso keratometerso specular microscopeso visual field analyzerso tonometerso slit lamps· Cataract surgery· vision care· ophthalmic woundcare· oculoplastics.· Hospitals , Academics· Eye Research Institutes· Research laboratories· Diagnosis Clinics , · Franchise Optical Stores· Government agencies.Basis on geography market is segmented into regions like , North America , Europe , Asia-Pacific , South America and Middle East and Africa . These geographical regions are further segmented into major countries such as US , Canada , Mexico , UK , Germany , France , Spain , Italy , Rest of Europe , Japan , China , India , Rest of APAC , Brazil , and Mexico.· Abbott Vascular· Essilor· Marco· Heidelberg Engineering GmbH· Haag-S Group· Johnson and Johnson· Vision Care Inc.· HOYA GROUP· Abbott Laboratories Inc.· CIBA Vision· Nidek Co. Ltd.· Topcon Corporation· Novartis AG· Carl Zeiss AG· Canon Inc.· Cooper Vision AG· Bausch and Lomb Inc· STAAR Surgical Company· Topcon Corporation· Alcon Inc.· Bausch & Lomb Inc.· Allergan Inc.Report Access : https : //databridgemarketresearch.com/ reports/surgical- rob ... Data Bridge Market ResearchOffice Number-317 , Amanora Chambers , Magarpatta Road , Hadapsar , Pune-411028Tel : +1-888-387-2818Email : Sales @ databridgemarketresearch.comVisit Data Bridge Blog @ http : //databridgemarketresearch.com/blog/LinkedIn : https : //www.linkedin.com/company/data-bridge-market-research
Gabrielle Oldroyd had a kidney transplant at the age of 10 .
But it did n't stop the 19-year-old taking part in the famous World Coal Carrying Championships in Gawthorpe on Easter Monday .
Gabrielle , who underwent surgery in 2008 , was raising money for the charity Lupus UK .
They entered the women 's Coal Race and trained with a sack of coal in the weeks leading up to the annual event .
Gabrielle has also been Gawthorpe 's May Queen in the past .
They and other entrants spoke to the Yorkshire Evening Post 's video reporter David Clay at the finish line .
The men 's race was won by Andrew Corrigan and the women 's by Jenni Mustan . Damian Cameron was the fastest veteran .
In order to better understand the impact of warming waters on Antarctic ice , researchers drilled a 300-meter-deep hole into the Ross Ice shelf . While what they might find might be alarming , at least they delivered this video of a calming dive into what can only be described as blissful oblivion .
Jason Biggs and Jenny Mollen are seeing blue — again !
The fun-loving family of three just became a family of four with the arrival of the couple 's second son , a rep confirms to PEOPLE , saying , “ Mom , dad and big brother Sid are doing great ! ”
Born on Monday , Oct. 2 , at Lenox Hill Hospital in N.Y.C. , Lazlo Biggs weighed 7 lbs. , 1 oz. , and measured 20 inches long upon their much-anticipated arrival .
“ Hello everybody . I 'm just sitting in the back of the car with Jason and my second child , ” Mollen , 38 , said in the first of a series of clips shared on Instagram Stories Thursday , showing themselves and Biggs in a car with their newborn son .
Addressing their husband after panning the camera to their new little guy , situated between their parents in their car seat , Mollen says , “ Baby , you have two boys now . ”
“ I know , WTF , ” Biggs , 39 , replies . ( The couple also share 3½-year-old Sid . )
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements , plus celebrity mom blogs ? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter .
Lazlo Biggs . They are amazing and @ jennyandteets2 is my hero . Sid and Lazlo and I are so lucky they are our mama/wifey . A post shared by Jason Biggs ( @ biggsjason ) on Oct 5 , 2017 at 10:15am PDT
When a boob is just out of reach… A post shared by Jenny Mollen ( @ jennyandteets2 ) on Oct 5 , 2017 at 1:38pm PDT
Lazlo Biggs coming in hot ! # babybiggs A post shared by Jenny Mollen ( @ jennyandteets2 ) on Oct 5 , 2017 at 9:27am PDT
In this pic we were still calling them Sid 2 . # babybiggs A post shared by Jenny Mollen ( @ jennyandteets2 ) on Oct 5 , 2017 at 9:08am PDT
Obviously had to bring Teets for moral support… . # babybiggs A post shared by Jenny Mollen ( @ jennyandteets2 ) on Oct 5 , 2017 at 7:41am PDT
RELATED : Jenny Mollen Goes Nude for 39-Week Bump Pic , Plus More of Them Second Pregnancy Selfies
“ I had to break out of the hospital , they wanted to keep me , but I 'm leaving — I 'm leaving with wires attached , ” Mollen adds . Biggs replies jokingly , “ Was I supposed to sign [ discharge ] papers or pay or anything ? ”
“ I 'm gon na go home and eat my placenta , ” says Mollen , with Biggs adding , “ I 'm excited to try it . ”
Shortly after , Mollen posted a video to Instagram of themselves in a hospital bed , gazing at a golden pineapple-shaped ur on a chair . “ Obviously had to bring Teets for moral support… . # babybiggs , ” they wrote , referring to their beloved dog who died in March 2016 .
This man claims they do n't know anything about Instagram and yet every time I talk to him , they know exactly what is happening on my Instagram . # DrSassoon4Life # RideorDie # AlbertSassoonattack A post shared by Jenny Mollen ( @ jennyandteets2 ) on Oct 5 , 2017 at 9:01am PDT
Jason 's Real World confession # babybiggs2 A post shared by Jenny Mollen ( @ jennyandteets2 ) on Oct 5 , 2017 at 7:53am PDT
Jason particularly enjoyed their hospital stay . Thanks Lenox Hill ! # babybiggs # teenagehusband A post shared by Jenny Mollen ( @ jennyandteets2 ) on Oct 5 , 2017 at 9:02am PDT
RELATED VIDEO : Baby No . 2 on the Way for Jason Biggs and Jenny Mollen – See Their Hilarious Announcement
Mollen and Biggs leveraged their signature silly sides to share their pregnancy news with the world in April , sharing a photo to Instagram showing the actor and author using a NoseFrida snot sucker on their husband .
Since announcing Baby No . 2 on the way , the couple revealed they were having a second son , with Mollen being hilariously open about the realities of parenting while pregnant — and dealing with placenta previa .
“ It actually has n't been a big deal so far because I 'm so early , ” Mollen told PEOPLE in June . “ I had a c-section the first time because I never dilated , so I 'm not that concerned because I expected to have to be cut open again . ”
At the time , Biggs explained that Sid was n't quite sure what was in store for them with a new sibling on the way . “ While it 's still safely tucked away and they do n't have to actually physically deal with someone else in their space , they love it , ” the Orange Is the New Black star told PEOPLE .
Homemade monogram job for our second child . A post shared by Jenny Mollen ( @ jennyandteets2 ) on Sep 20 , 2017 at 12:32pm PDT
Days before you are about to have a second child , this is what happens to your first . # goingfetal A post shared by Jenny Mollen ( @ jennyandteets2 ) on Sep 27 , 2017 at 7:50am PDT
RELATED : Jenny Mollen on Supportive Husband Jason Biggs : “ He 's My Wife , Even When I 'm Not Pregnant ”
Placenta previa and juggling a toddler and impending second-time motherhood are n't the only challenges Mollen faced throughout their pregnancy . In early September , the Angel alum shared their experience with what they described as “ prepartum ” depression in an Instagram post and Story .
“ I could already be in a depression , ” they revealed . “ I 'm planning on eating my placenta , but I 'm also anticipating a major emotional dive . I think that it 's chemical . I think people do n't talk about it enough . ”
The following day , Mollen clarified that they were “ totally fine ” after receiving an influx of concerned emails . “ This is normal — that 's what I 'm trying to say , ” they explained . “ That it 's not weird … I would be more freaked out if I were n't freaking out . ”
Thank you @ justnipsforall for helping me explain breastfeeding to my son . They are now very excited to free the nipple ! A post shared by Jenny Mollen ( @ jennyandteets2 ) on Sep 23 , 2017 at 5:32pm PDT
It 's official ! I 've outgrown the mirror . # 38weeks A post shared by Jenny Mollen ( @ jennyandteets2 ) on Sep 24 , 2017 at 6:27am PDT
FROM PEN : Former Bachelorette Ashley Hebert Rosenbaum Opens Up About Them Sibling Rivalry Fears
RELATED GALLERY : The Jenny Mollen and Jason Biggs Hilariously Honest Guide to Parenting
Over the past six months , Mollen has been extremely open about their changing body , posting a variety of nude mirror selfies and joking , “ Can I keep the boobs ? ” in the caption of one recent before-and-after shot .
“ It 's official ! I 've outgrown the mirror , ” wrote the Live Fast Die Hot author on another naked snap , taken in a bathroom at 38 weeks pregnant .
People participate in an opposition rally in Caracas , Venezuela , April 8 , 2017 . The banner reads : 'S.O.S Elections right now ! ' . REUTERS/Marco Bello
CARACAS Venezuela 's move to bar two-time presidential candidate Henrique Capriles from public office for 15 years looked like an unusually brazen blow at the opposition but is just the logical extension of a strategy that has emerged as the last , the best hope of President Nicolas Maduro 's Socialists for maintaining power .
A nearly identical manoeuvre was used ten years ago to halt the rise of former mayor Leopoldo Lopez , who in polls remains one of the most influential opposition leaders despite being jailed three years ago for their role in anti-government protests .
The situation suggests the Socialists may continue to lean on Comptroller Manuel Galindo , accused by the opposition of being a government puppet , to clear the playing field of potential challengers . The election , still unscheduled , must be held by the end of 2018 .
Maduro is struggling under low approval ratings and Soviet-style product shortages , but so far the opposition has failed to find a way around the Socialists ' domination of the top court and other state institutions that have found one excuse after another to sideline them .
Capriles , responding to the ban in the company of other opposition leaders , signalled as much .
`` My dear friends - Henry , Freddy , all of you who are here - today it 's me , but tomorrow they 'll come for you , '' they said , in reference to high-profile legislator Henry Ramos and deputy congress chief Freddy Guevara .
Other Maduro challengers include Julio Borges , a lawyer and long-time politician who is currently the head of congress , and Henry Falcon , the governor of the central state of Lara who defected from the Socialist Party .
None of the other opposition leaders have the profile or influence of Capriles or Lopez , and all could be subject to disqualification .
The government maintains that Capriles and Lopez are dangerous activists seeking to rile up crowds to prepare the ground for a foreign intervention in Venezuela , home to the world 's largest crude reserves .
Some Latin American governments , the United States and international organisms harshly criticized the ban on Capriles , though they may lack leverage to get Venezuela to reverse it .
`` ( This move ) is typical of a dictatorship that violates civil and political rights , '' said Luis Almagro , secretary general of the Organization of American States , who has called for sanctions against Venezuela if it does not hold elections .
Venezuelan authorities did not respond to a request for comment .
PRESSURE ON THE STREETS
The move against Capriles may further radicalize opposition street protests , which increasingly appear to be the only option available as they see themselves at growing risk of being sidelined .
But demonstrations have done little to dent Maduro 's grip on state institutions including the armed forces and the Supreme Court , which briefly assumed the powers of the opposition-led Congress in March before backtracking in the face of international condemnation .
Venezuelans struggle to make ends meet under triple-digit inflation , ubiquitous supermarket lines and constant scrambles to find food and medicine . Few economists expect a short-term improvement to the situation because Maduro 's government has repeatedly avoided reform measures such as lifting the exchange controls that could bring back economic stability .
The elections council in recent months has required opposition parties to `` revalidate '' themselves through petition drives in which they must collect a minimum number of signatures or be dissolved . [ nL1N1G12C2 ]
The main parties say they collected the necessary signatures to remain on the rolls , but they could still be eliminated if the council in the coming months discards significant numbers of signatures as it has in past petition drives .
Powerful Socialist Party Vice President Diosdado Cabello has also called for the dissolution of the opposition 's Democratic Unity coalition , which could leave Maduro 's adversaries without a party platform in the 2018 vote .
The elections council , which has repeatedly favoured Maduro 's government , has not set a date for state governors ' elections that were supposed to take place last year .
Most believe the council will hold the presidential election , but many wonders aloud who will be able to run in it .
`` This is a butcher shop and each of us has been given a number : some of us will be exiled , some of us will be detained , some of us will be disqualified , '' said Guevara , the legislator , in a recent press conference .
( Additional reporting by Girish Gupta ; Editing by Christian Plumb and Mary Milliken )
For the past 20 years , Israelis and Palestinians alike have approached peace negotiations with the flawed assumption that , in order to reach an agreement , all core issues must be solved simultaneously . As the conflict continues to claim victims on both sides , it 's important to point out that when President Trump 's Middle East envoy , Jason Greenblatt , was looking for an early success in the new administration 's peace efforts , they found it - in water .
For Palestinian communities that suffer water shortages and require Israeli approval to increase pumping of shared natural water resources , an agreement to increase water sales from Israel to the Palestinian Authority by 50 percent annually will dramatically improve lives and livelihoods without creating water shortages on the Israeli side .
This work to mediate peace through Israeli-Palestinian water sharing should be commended and continued . To ensure that the United States does not undercut its own efforts , the Trump administration must reevaluate some of its Middle East policies from a water security perspective . For example , the draft Taylor Force Act , which prohibits American aid to the West Bank and Gaza , does not exempt water programs . How might cut to U.N . Relief and Works Agency for Palestinian Refugees ( UNRWA ) funding impact a water crisis in Gaza that is already severe ? Any further reduction in Palestinian access to water could destabilize the region .
The United States clearly recognizes the importance of international water security , having recently released its Global Water Strategy , which coordinates the work of 16 U.S. government agencies and private partners . The Israeli government recognizes water as a security issue as well , and that 's a potential game-changer in the context of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . For the Palestinian government , the priority is to increase water provision to meet basic needs , supporting economic growth as well as its aspirations for a state with the right to access and develop its own resources .
Israel is proud of its leading role in advancing technologies that can economically produce large quantities of drinking water from the salty Mediterranean . Today 70 percent of Israel 's drinking water is produced through desalinization and 85 percent of its wastewater is treated and reused to meet agricultural needs . Once-arid Israel no longer need to suffer water shortages . A logical next step , beyond water sales , would be to negotiate a fair allocation of the natural water resources that Israelis and Palestinians share , thus solving one of the core issues plaguing the peace process .
However , both sides have shortsightedly refused to negotiate over natural water reallocation , wanting any water deal to remain part of a negotiation on other final-status issues , like borders and refugees . Israeli politicians insist that a better water deal for the Palestinians must be matched by Palestinian compromises on refugees . Palestinian politicians argue that a fair water agreement would make the Israeli side look good , and say that they can not afford to allow the need for a water deal to relieve pressure to resolve other issues . Both sides contend that , without also agreeing on borders and settlements , they will not know which natural water resources belong to whom .
Mazen Ghoneim , head of the Palestinian Water Authority , addresses a Jerusalem news conference alongside U.S. Middle East envoy Jason Greenblatt ( C ) , and Tzachi Hanegbi ( L ) , Israeli Minister of Regional Cooperation . July 13 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ronen Zvulun
These arguments ring hollow and , for both sides , the costs of continuing to hold water hostage are simply too high . Water , like money , is fungible .
As long as all agree that negotiating over water rights involves cross-border waters ( the Coastal Aquifer lies beneath parts of Israel and all of Gaza , the Mountain Aquifer underlies Israel and the West Bank , and the Jordan River shares borders ) borders , settlements , refugees , and security arrangements are not issues that must be determined in advance of a water agreement .
The clock is ticking . Climate change , decreasing natural waters , and increasing pollution are all taking their toll . In the West Bank , some 60 million cubic meters of untreated sewage pollute the Mountain and Coastal Aquifers , streams and the Mediterranean Sea annually . In Gaza , the flood of untreated sewage is so great that groundwater is no longer potable , and most beaches in Gaza and some in neighboring Israel have been forced to close . Twice , Gaza 's sewage crisis has necessitated the shutdown of a nearby Israeli desalination plant , threatening the very technology that can ensure the region has enough water .
Lack of access to safe water and inadequate sanitation leads to the spread of preventable diseases , none of which recognize political borders , as untreated wastewater flows into cross-border streams and valleys , and the Jordan River . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has expressed concern about the risk of an epidemic of cholera , or another infectious disease , in Gaza , and argued for the provision of more quality water in order to avoid public health , environmental and national security threats to Israel .
The logic of leading peace through water diplomacy is further strengthened when one considers the broader instability of the region . Advancing regional water projects such as a master plan for the development of water and sanitation in the Jordan Valley , and an increased water trade that does not sacrifice water rights , present more opportunities to help stabilize the situation . Water scarcity was a causal element of the conflict in Syria and , now , with Syrian refugees flooding into neighboring Jordan , economic opportunities for both the refugees and the local population are paramount if we are to avoid further regional unrest . Water is required .
Clearly , the fair and efficient allocation of the region 's fresh water could unlock an important path to greater stability . Conversely , the sustainability of any Middle East peace agreement will be compromised if water resources are not allocated fairly and managed efficiently .
We urge the Trump administration to think outside the box and , in the interests of a more stable Middle East , to prioritize water projects . Israelis and Palestinians need a sustainable path to peace based on mutual respect and recognition . By advancing a policy that impacts every life , every day , we can restore hope in the possibility of peace , one glass at a time .
Ejay bagong ka-loveteam ni Paolo , ‘ hopia ' sa kissing scene By Jun Nardo Bandera
Kinumpirma ni Paolo Ballesteros na balik-pelikula si Joey de Leon sa ginagawa nilang movie na “ Barbi The Wonder Beki. ” Kung hindi kami nagkakamali , ang pelikulang “ Iskul Bukol The Reunion ” ang huli niyang ginawa kasama sina Tito at Vic Sotto . Pinakikinggan ni Pao ang suggestions ni Joey bago kunan ang mga eksena . “ Alam mo naman ‘ yon matalino ‘ yon , ” saad ni Paolo sa taping ng The Lolas Beautiful Show . Bukod kay Joey , kasama rin niya sa the latest movie niya ang iba pang kilalang komedyante , kabilang na sina Joey Marquez , Epy Quizon , Smokey Manaloto at iba pa. Hindi ba siya nakaramdam ng pagkailang sa mga batikang komedyanteng kasama ? “ Hindi . Parang magkaiba , eh . Sumakto lang naman sa character . Iba ‘ yung way ng pagpapatawa nila sa akin , ” rason niya . Si Ejay Falcon ang makakapareha niya sa “ Barbi The Wonder Beki. ” So may halikan o intimate scene ba sila ng actor sa kanyang new film ? “ Secret ! Abangan ! Sana ! Echos ! ” natatawang biro ni Paolo .
Recent Stories :
Complete stories on our Digital Edition newsstand for tablets , netbooks and mobile phones ; 14-issue free trial . About to step out ? Get breaking alerts on your mobile.phone . Text ON INQ BREAKING to 4467 , for Globe , Smart and Sun subscribers in the Philippines .
Disclaimer : The comments uploaded on this site do not necessarily represent or reflect the views of management and owner of Bandera . We reserve the right to exclude comments that we deem to be inconsistent with our editorial standards .
To subscribe to the Philippine Daily Inquirer newspaper in the Philippines , call +63 2 896-6000 for Metro Manila and Metro Cebu or email your subscription request here .
Give your pet an extra coat of protection when they go outside with these tick-repelling wipes .
Buy it ! VetriScience Laboratories Vetri Repel , Natural Flea and Tick Repellant for Cats and Dogs , $ 19.92 ; Amazon.com
April 20 Gevo Inc
* Gevo enters into exchange agreement with whitebox
* Gevo - wb gevo , ltd. Holder of co 's issued and outstanding senior secured convertible notes , due june 23 , 2017 , co entered exchange and purchase agreement
* Gevo - whitebox agreed to exchange all $ 16.5 million of existing 2017 notes for co 's newly created 12.0 % senior secured convertible notes due 2020
* Gevo inc - 2020 notes will mature on March 15 , 2020
* Gevo inc - 2020 notes will accrue interest at 12 % per annum , with 10 % payable in cash and 2 % payable as payment in kind ( `` pik '' ) interest Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
May 3 Insight Enterprises Inc :
* Insight Enterprises Inc reports record first quarter 2017 results and increases full year 2017 guidance
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $ 0.56
* Q1 earnings per share $ 0.38
* Q1 sales $ 1.48 billion versus I/B/E/S view $ 1.37 billion
* Q1 earnings per share view $ 0.25 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sees FY 2017 adjusted earnings per share $ 3.03 to $ 3.13
* Insight enterprises inc - for full year 2017 , company now expects its business to deliver sales growth of 15 % to 18 % compared to 2016
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $ 2.84 , revenue view $ 6.23 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
NEW YORK — The Mets have hired two new public address announcers for Citi Field , including the first woman to hold the job and a grandson of late ABC broadcaster Howard Cosell .
Marysol Castro will start work at Thursday night 's homestand opener against the Chicago Cubs , and Colin Cosell will debut on Saturday night .
Alex Anthony was the announcer from 2002-17 , making the move with the team from Shea Stadium to Citi Field . They were replaced on an interim basis at the start of this season by Rob Rush , also the announcer for the NBA G-League 's Long Island Nets .
Castro has worked at WPIX and News 12 The Bronx in New York , and was a weather anchor on ABC 's `` Good Morning America '' for seven years .
The Maryland House of Delegates is expected to vote Wednesday to expand the state attorney general 's powers so that they can sue the federal government .
Current law requires the governor or legislature to agree before the attorney general can bring a lawsuit . Democratic Attorney General Brian Frosh says they need this change so that they can challenge many of President Donald Trump 's policies as quickly as the new president implements them .
At a hearing before the House Rules and Executive Nominations Committee on Friday , Frosh offered as an example Trump 's controversial ban on refugees and travelers from seven Muslim-majority nations entering the United States .
“ If you look at that executive order by itself , I think it demonstrates to you the need for checks and balances , ” they said . “ That 's one of , I think , 17 executive orders that 's been signed in the past three weeks . Many of the others threaten Marylanders in different ways . ”
Frosh said other threats include rollbacks of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act passed in the wake of the Great Recession and changes to environmental protections that could affect the Chesapeake Bay .
Frosh can already challenge these policies in federal court if Gov . Larry Hogan , a Republican , agrees . But Frosh said speed is an issue .
They said they asked Hogan if they could challenge the travel ban on Feb. 1 . According to the attorney general 's office , the governor has not responded to that request nearly two weeks later .
“ Thankfully , the attorney general of Washington brought suit and asked for injunctive relief for the entire country and it was granted , and the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals upheld it , but absent that , it was not clear that residents of Maryland were going to enjoy the same protections , ” Frosh said .
A spokesperson for the governor told The Baltimore Sun last week that Hogan assumed Frosh had moved forward with the lawsuit without the governor 's explicit approval .
The prospect of expanding the state attorney general 's powers for the foreseeable future has been contentious .
“ This resolution tells the attorney general , ‘ Hey , if you do n't like it , go file a suit . ' What is it ? It is pretty much anything from alpha to omega , the beginning and the end , ” said Sen. Robert Cassilly , a Republican from Harford County , ahead of the Senate 's first floor vote on the measure last week .
Del . Herbert McMillan , a Republican from Anne Arundel County , echoed some of Cassilly 's concerns during Tuesday 's debate in the House .
“ It grants the attorney general unchecked power , virtually making them a fourth branch of government , without legislative oversight , ” they said of the measure .
The Democrat-led Senate and House rushed the legislation through committee hearings and floor votes . Last week the Senate rejected Republicans ' request to delay the bill by a day — something normally considered a common courtesy — and nine of the chamber 's 14 Republicans stormed out during the session .
If the House approves it Wednesday , it will become law just 12 days after it was first introduced . The measure is a joint-resolution , rather than a typical bill , meaning Hogan can not veto it .
Hogan 's office has offered sharp criticism of the measure .
`` Sadly this is just one of many ham-handed , overtly political attempts that we 've seen over the past two years to strip the governor 's office of its longstanding authority , ” Hogan spokesperson Doug Mayer said when the legislation was initially introduced .
Democrats say Maryland is unique — that most state attorneys general can sue the federal government when they think it 's in the public 's interest , without getting their governors ' or legislatures ' permission first .
“ In the other states , the attorney general has either been given the power by their legislature , or the courts have interpreted that power to vest naturally in the attorney general , ” said U.S. Rep. Jamie Raskin , a Democrat who sat in the state Senate last year and a constitutional law professor at American University .
Several Democrats have pointed to the example of Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt , a Republican who created a “ federalism unit ” within their office specifically to challenge federal policy . Pruitt is perhaps best known for challenging regulations by the Environmental Protection Agency , which Trump has tapped Pruitt to lead .
By
LITTLE ROCK – Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge released a statement tonight after the U.S. Supreme Court rejected their request to lift the stay on Inmate Don Davis ' scheduled execution .
“ It is heartbreaking that the family of Jane Daniel has once again seen justice delayed . Davis was convicted of their crimes in 1992 , and my office took every action it could today to see that justice was carried out . Ultimately , the U.S. Supreme Court has the final say and has decided not to lift the stay at this time .
“ There are five scheduled executions remaining with nothing preventing them from occurring , but I will continue to respond to any and all legal challenges brought by the prisoners . The families have waited far too long to see justice , and I will continue to make that a priority . ”
March 28B-Soft Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 2983.7 percent to 3009.6 percent , or to be 23.8 million yuan to 24 million yuan , compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 ( 0.8 million yuan )
* Says increased revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/mtWBc1
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
PULLMAN , Wash. — Washington State leading scorer Robert Franks has decided to withdraw from the NBA draft and will return for their senior season .
Franks , the Pac-12 's Most Improved Player last season , announced Wednesday that they would return .
Franks declared for the draft in March but did not hire an agent . Their return is good news for Washington State , which lost Drick Bernstine to graduation and point guard Malachi Flynn to a transfer .
Last season , Franks averaged 17.4 points and 6 rebounds per game . They were an honourable mention All-Pac-12 selection .
Arkansas ' Supreme Court justices are suddenly finding themselves on the other side of the bench — as defendants — in a new federal lawsuit brought by a judge in the state alleging religious and racial discrimination over death penalty cases .
Arkansas Circuit Judge Wendell Griffen , who has been twice elected to the office , filed the suit in federal court on Thursday , suing the Arkansas Supreme Court over its decision to pull them off of all death penalty cases .
At issue is an April move by the court to bar Griffen from being assigned any death penalty cases . In the days leading up to the decision , Griffen , who is a Baptist pastor , participated in a Good Friday rally against the death penalty , during which they were photographed lying on a cot as part of the demonstration . They also wrote a blog post that week stating their belief that the death penalty was not morally defensible — though their lawsuit points out that they did not argue it was legally indefensible .
The next day , Griffen issued an order halting the execution of nine inmates in a case brought by a drug manufacturer , which asked for the move because it said its drug was never intended to be used in capital punishment . The Arkansas attorney general appealed to the state supreme court to overrule Griffen .
Instead , the court took the broader step of reassigning all of Griffen 's death penalty cases , citing Arkansas code on judicial conduct .
“ Judges should maintain the dignity of judicial office at all times , and avoid both impropriety and the appearance of impropriety in their professional and personal lives , ” the code states . “ They should aspire at all times to conduct that ensures the greatest possible public confidence in their independence , impartiality , integrity , and confidence . ”
The court referred the matter to a disciplinary commission to investigate further . One justice concurred with the decision in part , but said the court 's move to permanently reassign all of Griffen 's cases without investigating first was too much .
The attorney general 's office declined to comment and the state supreme court did not respond to a request for comment .
Now Griffen is asking the federal courts to overturn their state 's top court , alleging that they are being discriminated against for their faith and race , as an African-American .
Griffen 's lawyers argue first that their protests were an exercise of their First Amendment rights to free speech and freedom of religion . They argue that they took part in the protests in their personal capacity , and did n't wear their robes or otherwise invoke their judicial role . They also challenge the decision on due process grounds , arguing Griffen did not have a chance to argue their case in court .
The lawsuit also lists a number of white judges who engaged in criminal behavior , who the attorneys argue were treated more fairly or less severely than Griffen , an African-American judge who has not been accused of criminal activity .
The lawsuit also notes that Griffen has allowed the death penalty to proceed in court cases before , and a judge that took over the drug manufacturer case after them arrived at a similar conclusion .
One of Griffen 's attorneys , Mike Laux , praised in an emailed statement his ' “ courage , intellect and fortitude . ”
“ Suffice it to say they are a remarkable man and thoughtful judge , and I could not be prouder to represent him , ” Laux said . “ The Arkansas Supreme Court and other ‘ powers that be ' have had it out for them for years because of their much-needed outspokenness on dire social issues in a state with a miserable history of protecting the disadvantaged and marginalized , especially those of color . The court and various state legislators have truly gone too far this time , and we intend to prove it . ”
University of Chicago law professor Geoffrey Stone , an expert on the First Amendment , says that public employees are held to different standards than private citizens , and thus may have their First Amendment speech rights curtailed , for example a teacher being restricted in what they or they could say in front of students .
But , they said , the case will likely come down to whether it 's true that what Griffen said and did undermines their ability to do their job .
“ You have to show that the speech was directly incompatible with their functions . It 's not clear that anything they said was not compatible with their functioning , ” Stone said . “ My own view would be to say he 's perfectly within their rights to say the death penalty is immoral . As long as they are applying the law fairly , judges criticize the law all the time . ”
The case will be heard in the Eastern District of Arkansas .
To much of the outside world , gambling is a vice not worthy of mercy : It is a symptom of recklessness , of compulsiveness , of greed . But compulsive gambling is also an addiction — one that affects some three to four million people in the United States alone .
DARKE COUNTY – The Catholic Adult Singles Club , which enables its members to enjoy the company of fellow single adults through weekly activities , has scheduled events throughout the month of June .
The group will meet for bowling and supper on Sunday in Coldwater . It will meet at the Winery at Versailles on June 9 .
The group will take a nature walk and have supper on June 17 in Troy . It will partake in putt-putt golf and supper on June 24 in St. Marys and New Bremen . The group will attend mass and supper on June 30 in Piqua .
For more information concerning the Catholic Adult Singles Club or any of the activities , call Eileen Lamm at 419-678-8691 .
LONDON The cost of Britain 's oil and gas trade with the rest of the world could nearly double if the country fails to agree new tariffs when it leaves the European Union , the country 's oil lobby group has warned Prime Minister Theresa May .
The head of Oil and Gas UK told May in a letter seen by Reuters that yearly oil trade costs could rise to 1.1 billion pounds ( $ 1.4 billion ) , from around 600 million pounds now , if Britain reverts to World Trade Organization rules after Brexit .
May , whose government is negotiating the terms of Britain 's exit from the EU , has said not reaching an agreement with the bloc would be better than signing a bad deal , leaving open the possibility of reverting to default WTO rules from March 2019 .
`` Our request of government is that any change , whether domestic or European , is managed in a manner that minimises risk to the oil and gas industry , '' Oil and Gas UK Chief Executive Deirdre Michie wrote in the letter dated May 1 .
Michie also said their association 's research showed that if Britain agreed minimal tariffs with EU member states and improved terms with other countries , trade costs could fall by around 100 million pounds a year .
Britain 's oil and gas trade with the world is worth about 73 billion pounds a year .
Michie called for `` frictionless access '' to the EU 's labor market as around 5 percent of Britain 's oil and gas workforce are non-British EU nationals , many of whom fill roles the association deems critical .
( Reporting by Karolin Schaps ; Editing by Dale Hudson )
( Adds Canadian foreign minister comments , paragraphs 7,8 , 14 )
By Leah Schnurr and David Ljunggren
OTTAWA , April 20 Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on Thursday brushed off an attack by U.S. President Donald Trump on Canada 's system of dairy protections , saying every nation defended its agricultural industries .
Trudeau told Bloomberg Television that the United States in fact ran a dairy surplus with Canada . Trump took aim at Canada 's dairy industry this week and said on Thursday `` what they 've done to our dairy farmworkers is a disgrace '' .
Canada 's dairy sector is protected by high tariffs on imported products and controls on domestic production as a means of supporting prices that farmers receive .
Trudeau said the system `` works very well '' in Canada .
`` Let 's not pretend we 're in a global free market when it comes to agriculture , '' they said . `` Every country protects , for good reason , its agricultural industries . ''
Trump 's comments were the second time this week they have attacked Canada 's dairy industry and on Thursday they included the lumber , timber and energy sectors in a list of what they said were problematic areas of trade .
Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland , asked for a reaction , rejected the suggestion of wrongdoing .
`` Canada strongly believes in a rules-based system of trade , and therefore always abides by and upholds the rules that govern trade , '' they said in an e-mailed statement .
Trump said the United States will report in the next two weeks what it intends to do with the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) , which they have promised to renegotiate .
The threat to get rid of or alter NAFTA is a potential problem for Canada , whose biggest trade partner is the United States .
Trudeau said they would not `` overreact '' and planned to move the trade conversation forward `` in a way that both protects our consumers and our agricultural producers . '' They also said they saw an opportunity to engage with the U.S. President .
`` He has shown if they say one thing and actually hears good counterarguments or good reasons why they should shift their position , they will take a different position if it 's a better one , if the arguments win them over , '' Trudeau said .
The two nations are embroiled in a long-standing dispute over exports of Canadian softwood lumber , which U.S. producers complain are unfairly subsidized .
`` Our producers and workers have never been found in the wrong .. the United States needs Canadian lumber . A protracted dispute will only drive up the cost of wood and homes for U.S. consumers , '' Freeland said . ( Reporting by Leah Schnurr and David Ljunggren in Ottowa ; additional reporting by Jeff Mason in Washington ; Editing by Grant McCool )
BURKE CO. Ga. ( WJBF ) – Several Burke county employees are in jail after stealing recyclable materials .
They include Waste Management employee , Robert Kirkland , and Burke County employees Marvin Jones , Richard Stidons , Ralph Hankerson , and Anthony McNeil .
They allegedly stole metals and copper wire that originally came from plant and other industries all totaling more than 35,000 dollars .
They are each charged with felony theft by taking .
CHICAGO — A toddler and a 26-year-old man riding in a car were shot and killed in Chicago on Tuesday , the police department said , the second deadly incident involving a child in the city in the past two days .
The two-year-old , identified by police as Lavontay White , was sitting in a car driven by the child 's aunt and was shot in the head , Chicago police spokesperson Anthony Guglielmi said . Lavontay was pronounced dead at a hospital .
The man , who was in the passenger seat in front of the child , died at the scene and the woman was wounded .
The shooting was captured in a social media video that shows the three in a vehicle , listening to music , when 16 gunshots are heard . The woman runs from the vehicle screaming and yells that they have been shot in the stomach .
The woman , who is pregnant , was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital , and they and their unborn child are in stable condition , Guglielmi said .
The 26-year-old man who died was a known gang member , they said .
Police believe the man and woman were dating .
The three were shot Tuesday afternoon in an alleyway on the southwest side of the city by an assailant who got out of a car that was driving by , police said . Police said they have a good idea of the identity of the suspect .
“ We have very promising leads , we have ( surveillance ) video so there 's no doubt in my mind that we 'll find him , ” Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson said at a news conference .
Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel said the shooting should be a “ turning point . ”
“ Every parent , regardless of where they live , should be able to take their child for a walk to the park or a ride in the car , ” they said .
Earlier Tuesday , 11-year-old Takiya Holmes , one of two young girls shot on the South Side of Chicago over the weekend , died , according to their family .
“ We just can not afford to continue to see our children being shot down for things that they have no involvement in , ” Johnson said . “ This has just got to stop somewhere .
“ I 'm sick of it and I know Chicago is sick of it , and I just hope that our legislative partners are sick of it , ” they said .
Offering two Summer Intern positions with Cottonwood Extension District . One position in Great Bend and one position in Hays . Up to 8 weeks ( 320 hours ) , competitive rate . Includes some evenings , weekends ; some outside physical labor , duties at County Fair . Must have completed at least four college semesters . Position announcements at www.cottonwood.ksu.edu . Applications due April 2 .
Great Bend position – submit to : 1800 12th St. Great Bend , KS 67530 ( 620 ) 793-1910 and Hays position – submit to : 601 Main Street , Suite A , Hays , ( 785 ) 628-9430 .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Peru 's attorney general has ordered the arrest of two suspects in the killing of 41-year-old Sebastian Woodroffe
A retired doctor who spent years treating drug addiction says they have seen the healing powers of a psychedelic plant that a Vancouver Island man was studying in Peru before they were killed by a mob that blamed them for a shaman 's death .
Dr. Gabor Mate said ayahuasca grows in the jungle and is brewed with other plants into a thick concoction people drink at ceremonies in countries such as Peru , Costa Rica and Brazil .
The drug is illegal in Canada . Health Canada said in a statement that ayahuasca is a controlled substance that is considered to have no medical benefit .
Mate said the hallucinogenic medicine is used as part of ancient aboriginal practices to help people tap into childhood trauma with support from a leader , and they have seen its power at work in Peru , and Costa Rica , from where they returned two weeks ago after facilitating ceremonies involving the plant .
“ I 've known people whose addiction has stopped , ” they said , adding they have worked with ayahuasca for 10 years . “ I know people who 've recovered from medical diseases that otherwise they got little help for . I know a woman who tried to kill themselves 17 times , who is no longer suicidal .
“ It 's not like a drug you give to somebody . It 's more that it opens up portals into yourself , understanding self in a new way and having a deeper vision of reality . It 's that understanding of the self and a clearer view of reality that helps you heal . ”
RELATED : Vancouver Island man killed in Peru
Peru 's attorney general has ordered the arrest of two suspects in the killing of 41-year-old Sebastian Woodroffe , who had travelled to the Amazon rain forest to study hallucinogenic medicine . Officials said forensic experts were studying Woodroffe 's body to determine whether they had any involvement in the death of Olivia Arevalo , an octogenarian plant healer from the Shipibo-Konibo tribe in northeastern Peru .
A Canadian Institute for Substance Use Research study published in 2013 in Canadian Drug Abuse Reviews says ayahuasca-assisted therapy delivered in 2011 in a B.C . rural First Nations community experiencing substance use appeared to show improvements in outlook , hopefulness and empowerment and that more research was warranted .
Mark Haden , adjunct professor at the University of British Columbia 's school of population and public health , said the plant helps people gain insight and works toward healing but problems occur in impoverished communities where shamans are n't accountable .
“ I think psychedelic drugs should be legalized in Canada and North America within a context that allows for people to experience psychedelic medicines in a supervised setting and the supervisors need to be part of an accountable professional body , ” said Haden , who is also executive director of the Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies .
Mate is an author and international speaker on repressed trauma and the emotional and physical effects of hidden stress . They said many of the illicit drug users they treated in Vancouver 's Downtown Eastside became addicted in response to unresolved traumatic experiences in childhood .
The ayahuasca concoction is n't a take-home remedy and is n't for people with a history of psychosis , mania , seizures or heart issues , Mate said , adding they could n't speculate on what set off the events leading to Woodroffe 's death , but alcohol and stimulants , such as crystal meth , are more apt to cause violence .
“ I 've participated in multiple ceremonies and I 've seen the occasional person freak out , but rarely . I know people who 've done or led hundreds , maybe thousands of ceremonies and never had any acts of violence . ”
RELATED : Peruvian authorities arrest two suspects in killing of Vancouver Island man
In December 2015 , a Winnipeg man fatally stabbed a fellow tourist from England after the two drank ayahuasca together in a spiritual ceremony a few hours ' drive from where Woodroffe was killed . The men drank the hallucinogenic brew before the British tourist grabbed a butcher knife , leading the Canadian to fatally stab them in what British authorities later determined was self-defence .
Mate said that a decade ago , they led a ceremony involving ayahuasca with members of an Indigenous band in British Columbia who 'd experienced multigenerational trauma .
Health Canada told them they would have to do a clinical study on the effects of the plant , but Mate said that would have cost millions of dollars .
“ It 's a completely different entity , ” they said of the plant . ” What I wish they would do is look at it realistically and objectively based on international experience . ”
Health Canada did provide an exemption to the drug several years ago for a Montreal chapter of a Brazilian religion for sacramental use of the plant .
Rhonda Nelson of Athabasca , Alta. , said they went on a life-changing retreat led by Mate in 2015 to deal with anxiety and depression related to childhood trauma before attending similar ceremonies in Peru in January 2017 where they again drank ayahuasca .
“ It would be akin to 10 years of psychotherapy . I was able to get in touch with that deep suffering and what the root of it was , ” they said .
Nelson , 45 , said they also experienced physical healing and no longer has symptoms of congenital myasthemic syndrome , a neuromuscular disorder .
“ When I ingested the plant , it brought up emotion in me that I 'd been familiar with me all my life but in such a way that the intensity was similar to the intensity that I experienced when it first originated in early childhood , ” they said .
The Canadian Press
UPDATE 1-Qatar signs $ 12 bln deal to buy F-15 jets from U.S .
June 14 Qatar 's Ministry of Defense said on Wednesday the country signed a deal to buy F-15 fighter jets from the United States for $ 12 billion .
For decades , the Washington Post has been an `` open shop , '' meaning that joining the union is voluntary rather than mandatory . As a result , the entire staff is not required to be members of the union ( although the union still bargains for everyone ) , and the union is therefore weaker .
STUTTGART , Germany , April 28 Former world number one Maria Sharapova cruised into the Stuttgart Grand Prix semi-finals on Friday , extending their winning comeback from a doping suspension with a smooth 6-3 6-4 victory over Estonian qualifier Anett Kontaveit .
Wildcard entrant Sharapova returned to action this week following their 15-month ban , but has looked like they never really went away in winning their three matches so far without dropping a set .
Sharapova has also received wildcards for upcoming tournaments in Madrid and Rome , angering some players who say a doping offender should start from the lower-tier tournaments and earn back ranking points instead .
Reaching the Stuttgart final could be enough to move Sharapova 's ranking back above 200 and secure them a spot in the qualifying tournament for the French Open , and if they did well in Madrid and Rome they might make the main draw for Wimbledon .
The 21-year-old Kontaveit , who battled through the Stuttgart qualifiers into the main draw , confirmed their fine current form early in Friday 's match , comfortably holding serve and matching Sharapova 's power from the baseline .
The Estonian world number 76 , who reached the final in Biel earlier this month , was broken twice in a row though as Sharapova upped the pressure , attacking every serve of their opponent to win five games in a row .
Sharapova broke again early in the second set and despite twice dropping their serve in a late bout of nerves they broke the Estonian again , sealing victory on the first match point as Kontaveit sent a forehand long .
The U.S.-based Russian will next play the winner of the quarter-final between France 's Kristina Mladenovic and Spaniard Carla Suarez Navarro .
( Reporting by Karolos Grohmann ; editing by John Stonestreet )
March 30 Rent-a-center Inc
* Rent-A-Center Inc to terminate acceptance now agreement with Conn Appliances Inc .
* Rent-A-Center - determined not to renew referral agreement with Conns due to quality and performance of ANow customer accounts originating from Conns stores
* Rent-A-Center inc - expect the closures will result in an immediate improvement in cash flow in ANow business beginning in June
* Rent-A-Center - as result of non-renewal of agreement , all 115 ANow kiosks located inside Conns stores will cease operations at close of business on June 6 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
FOR THIS WEEK , AT LEAST
​The world is full of beauty , but it 's also full of horrors . To wit , the scene Sandy Callegan Hickman 's husband encountered at a Slidell , Louisiana gas station , where they were unable to pump gas because , well :
Mayfly swarms are part of the insect 's mating behavior , an unavoidable evil of spring .
[ Via Facebook ]
Paul McCartney joined the Killers onstage at Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich 's exclusive New Year 's Eve party on Saturday , surprising fans with a rendition of the Beatles ‘ “ Helter Skelter . ”
A video posted to the “ Mr . Brightside ” band 's Facebook page showed the high-energy performance , with officials captioning the footage , “ So far , so good . ”
McCartney , in a white button-down shirt and dark pants , moved the microphone stand back and forth as they sang with the Killers ' frontman Brandon Flowers , who sported striped dress pants and a matching vest over a white shirt .
On Saturday , the group wished its fans a happy new year with a Facebook photo of the band members appearing to lounge on a boat .
“ Here 's to smooth sailing in 2017 ! ”
Meanwhile , McCartney , 74 , sent out a pair of posts on Twitter to celebrate the new year . On New Year 's Eve , the musician simply wrote , “ Goodbye 2016 … Hello 2017 ! ” alongside a GIF of a young McCartney jogging through a doorway with friends .
WATCH : Move Over Paul McCartney ! Fans Can Spend a Night at Legendary Abbey Road Studios
On New Year 's Day , they shared a photo of themselves surrounded by confetti , tweeting , “ Happy New Year ! May this year be a happy and peaceful one for you and your family and everyone around the world . Love Paul # HappyNewYear . ”
Monday ,
August 14 , 2017
19th Week in Ordinary Time
1st Reading : Dt 10:12-22
Gospel : Matthew 17:22-27
( … ) When they returned to Capernaum , the Temple tax collectors came to Peter and asked him , “ Does your master pay the temple tax ? ” They answered , “ Certainly . ”
Peter then entered the house , but immediately Jesus asked him , “ What do you think , Simon ? Who pay taxes or tributes to the kings of the earth : their sons or the other people ? ” Peter replied , “ The others. ” And Jesus told him , “ The sons , then , are tax-free . But so as not to offend these people , go to the sea , throw in a hook and open the mouth of the first fish you catch . You will find a coin in it , take it and let it pay for you and for me . ”
D @ iGITAL-EXPERIENCE
( Daily Gospel in the Assimilated Life Experience )
Teacher asks , “ What is the capital of the Philippines ? ” Student replies : “ No more capital , only debts ! ” Corruption ? We are all in this together . Many politicians pilfer , and they do the pilfering directly because they have access to funds . Workers for government who can not pilfer much because they do n't have access to public funds cheat our country by their least work output . Workers on road repairs are classic examples . With how slow they work even as the public is watching , we are tempted to revise the road sign from “ Slow down , men working ” to “ Slow men working down ” .
Ordinary people do it indirectly by cheating on their taxes . And they use the pilfering of politicians as excuse to evade taxation . Valid excuse ? No ! Today 's Gospel reminds us that it is our duty to support the government , taxation being its lifeblood . Moreover , the sin of others can never justify infraction of the law . Corruption was also prevalent in biblical times , but Jesus did not exempt themselves from paying taxes . Yes , today 's Gospel refers to a different kind of tax ( Temple tax ) . But the same principle holds true as to payment of taxes today : “ Give to Caesar what belongs to Caesar… ”
Followers of Jesus are supposed to be good citizens . This is because their marching order is to love one another . Since government is for the delivery of services to citizenry , it is an offense against the law of love to evade tax payment . It is a deprivation of the State of its lifeblood since taxation is the lifeblood of the State .
We justify tax evasion by pointing to how the politicians pocket our money . Politicians excuse their inefficiency by pointing to how we fail to pay our tax duties religiously . We are like Adam and Eve . When the Lord asked Adam to account for their disobedience in paradise , they pointed to Eve . Eve , in turn , pointed at the snake . Too bad for the snake , it had no fingers , and no one to point a finger at ! – ( Atty . ) Rev . Fr . Dan Domingo P. delos Angeles , Jr. , DM
May comment ka ba sa column ni Father Dan ? May tanong ka ba sa kanya ?
I-type ang BANDERA REACT at i-send sa 4467 .
WASHINGTON , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - The Federal Reserve ordered Wells Fargo on Friday to halt its growth , citing “ widespread consumer abuses and other compliance breakdowns ” at the bank . The Federal Reserve Board said in a statement that it “ would restrict the growth of the firm until it sufficiently improves its governance and controls . Concurrently with the Board 's action , Wells Fargo will replace three current board members by April and a fourth board member by the end of the year . ”
The bank is barred from growing beyond its size at the end of 2017 until it has satisfied the Fed that it has improved its compliance and governance polices , the Fed said . The bank 's board must submit a plan within 60 days outlining how it plans to address the Fed 's concerns .
The Fed action follows sustained compliance issues at Wells Fargo , which has already paid hundreds of millions of dollars in fines to various regulators for abusing retail customers .
Shares of Wells Fargo fell about 2 percent in light post-market trading . ( Reporting by Pete Schroeder )
U.S. President Donald Trump appears on stage at a rally in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , U.S. April 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
NEW YORK is bracing for President Donald Trump 's first trip back to their hometown since taking office in January in a Thursday visit that is expected to draw protests and snarl traffic in the United States ' most populous city .
The trip could mark a repeat of the chaotic 2-1/2 months between the real estate developer 's Nov. 8 election and Jan. 20 swearing-in , when crowds of protesters and admirers flocked outside their home in the gold-metal-clad Fifth Avenue Trump Tower .
The early days of the Trump administration have brought aggressive rhetoric and moves to crack down on immigration as well as roll back environmental regulations , much of which has ruffled feathers in the liberal northeast city .
Anti-Trump activists , some of whom have organised marches across the country since Trump 's stunning election victory , are planning loud protests to mark the native son 's return .
`` A very hot welcome is being planned for Mr. Trump , '' said Alexis Danzig , a member of Rise and Resist , an informal group of activists which formed as Trump came to power . `` We 'll be out in full force to voice our grievances . ''
Trump 's business dealings and romantic fallouts were constant city tabloid fodder in the 1980s and 1990s . Their television show , `` The Apprentice , '' broadcast Trump to the world as the ultimate Big Apple dealmaker during the 2000s .
While the Trump brand is internationally associated with New York , fewer than one in five city residents voted for him .
Mayor Bill de Blasio and Governor Andrew Cuomo , both Democrats , have said their stance on immigrants has put them at odds with a city where nearly a third of residents are foreign-born .
Protesters plan to gather Thursday near the Intrepid Sea , Air and Space Museum , a decommissioned aircraft carrier where Trump and Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull are to have their first in-person meeting . One of the pair 's last exchanges was an acrimonious phone call in January .
New York police declined to provide details of their preparations for Trump 's tour and the protests planned around it .
One lingering issue from the transition period , that of the costs of protecting the president-elect 's building was resolved earlier this week in a proposed federal budget including $ 61 million to reimburse New York and other local governments for providing Trump-related security .
`` That 's good news for our city and the hardworking police officers faced with this unprecedented security challenge , '' de Blasio said in a statement .
( Additional reporting by Jonathan Allen ; Editing by Scott Malone and Andrew Hay )
* Aramco offering 25 bps over SAIBOR on 7-year sukuk
* Bond pays more than cheap March 2015 credit facility
* But oil prices , IPO also create uncertainty
By Davide Barbuscia
DUBAI , March 29 Saudi Aramco is paying a significant premium to the government and to its previous borrowing in its first sale of Islamic bonds , reflecting uncertainty over oil prices and an upcoming sale of the state-owned oil giant 's shares .
Aramco is offering 7-year , riyal-denominated sukuk at 25 basis points ( bps ) over the six-month Saudi Arabian Interbank Offered Rate ( SAIBOR ) to institutional investors , as the company diversifies its funding in line with Saudi Arabia 's economic reforms .
The private placement , part of a 37.5 billion riyal ( $ 10 billion ) Islamic bond programme , could be as large as about 6 billion , bankers told Reuters . It is expected to take place early next week . Aramco declined to comment .
The firm is finding it significantly more expensive to issue debt than the Saudi government , whose last domestic issue of floating-rate 7-year bonds was sold at between 10 bps and 15 bps below three-month SAIBOR .
It also looks more expensive for Aramco than the riyal component of a $ 10 billion-equivalent , dual-currency revolving credit facility signed in March 2015 . That tranche included 1-year and 5-year portions , with the latter offering 11 bps over SAIBOR .
As a debut issuer , Aramco , which has not obtained a credit rating , had been expected to pay some kind of premium . Also , the 2015 loan was priced unusually cheaply , reflecting the fact that it was an undrawn facility to be used as a `` back-up '' , said one banker working on the Aramco sukuk deal .
However , Mohammed Khnifer , an Islamic debt capital markets banker at the Islamic Development Bank Group , estimated Aramco could have offered less than 11 bps over SAIBOR if it had chosen a five-year sukuk maturity . A seven-year tenor does not justify the addition of over 10 bps , they said .
`` I think Aramco left 5 to 10 bps on the table , '' they said , noting that the impact would be small for a company which , Saudi officials have said , has a market value of over $ 2 trillion .
There are at least two sources of uncertainty for the Aramco sukuk : the government is preparing to sell up to 5 percent of the company in an initial public offer ( IPO ) next year .
Riyadh is restructuring the company and its regulatory environment to facilitate the IPO , announcing this week that it was cutting Aramco 's tax regime to make it attractive as an investment . But major decisions on the company 's structure and its post-IPO dividend policy have not been announced .
Another uncertainty is the outlook for liquidity in the Saudi money market over coming years . After soaring to a peak of 2.47 percent last October as low oil prices starved the market of funds , six-month SAIBOR has fallen back to 2.01 percent as a slight rebound in oil and overseas borrowing by the government have eased pressure on state finances .
Nevertheless , SAIBOR rates have shown signs of bottoming out since the U.S. Federal Reserve hiked interest rates in mid-March , prompting other Gulf central banks to follow suit , and in the long term , Saudi Arabia could risk another liquidity squeeze unless oil prices recover further .
Alinma Investment , HSBC Saudi Arabia , NCB Capital and Riyad Capital are the joint lead coordinators . They are joined by GIB Capital , Samba Capital and Saudi Fransi Capital in dealer roles . ( Editing by Andrew Torchia and Louise Ireland )
BRIEF-Atos wins contract with GENCI
* CONTRACT AIMS TO DELIVER ONE OF MOST POWERFUL SUPERCOMPUTERS IN WORLD , PLANNED FOR END OF 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
YesterLand Farm is Set for its Biggest and Best Fall Festival Ever !
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags :
* Family
* Texas
* Fall Industry :
* Entertainment Location :
* Canton - Texas - US Subject :
* Events
Contact
YesterLand Farm
* * * @ yesterlandfarm.com YesterLand Farm
End
-- When life brings you lemons , it 's a blessing when you can make lemonade ! The farmers at YesterLand Farm have done just that ! A horrific tornado touched down on their beloved town of Canton on April 29of this year . It brought devastation and destruction to the area . YesterLand Farm took a direct hit and sustained damage throughout the farm with roofs of buildings being torn off and rides and equipment being displaced and tossed about.With East Texas Pride and determination , they rolled up their sleeves and worked hard to repair and rebuild their nostalgic wonderland . YesterLand Farm now has a transformed look and includes a new section of the farm called Twister Town , a testament to their can-do attitude and faith in sunnier days ahead.The farmers are celebrating with a Grand Reopening this fall ! Fall Festival will be on weekends from September 23rd through November 5 , with Pre-season Summer Sizzler Tickets on sale online from August 15th through August 31 . These tickets will offer the very best prices of the Fall Festival Season . After the Summer Sizzler Sale is done , purchasing tickets online will offer a savings from gate prices ! Fall Festival at YesterLand Farm is the perfect place for outdoor fall family fun ! This year , guests will be greeted with new attractions and activities , like the Candy Cabin and Old Time Photos . Farm animals will fill guests with delight and nostalgic amusement rides will keep everyone laughing ! Throughout the farm , charming pumpkin patches will provide an abundance of seasonal photo opportunities , and the giant corn maze made of over 3 acres of corn will test everyone 's sense of direction . Guests can chill out with Concerts by the Pond , watch one-of-a-kind pig races , or gather all the candy possible after the candy canon blasts off ! Saturday nights will even close out with fantastic fireworks ! In April , as the tornado swirled overhead , owner , Kama Bozeman , quietly sang , '' I 've got that joy , joy , joy , joy , down in my heart…I 've got the love of Jesus down in my heart… '' These words and their faith brought their comfort when the tornado hit their precious farm . No doubt , they and their husband and fellow owner , Chuck Bozeman , are filled with joy to be able to open the gates and welcome the folks of East Texas once again for some fall fun . From lemons to lemonade , they will gladly serve their guests one sweet experience – a Texas FARMily tradition ! For more information , you can go to http : //www.yesterlandfarm.com
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - B-Lot Co Ltd
* Says it was listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange ( TSE ) First Section from TSE Mothers , on Feb. 2
Source text in Japanese : goo.gl/dfmknu
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
​This week , the US Department of Labor reached a settlement with a financial services firm called State Street Corporation for allegedly underpaying female and black employees . You may not have heard of State Street , but you 've probably heard of `` Fearless Girl , '' the statue that it erected on Wall Street earlier this year to celebrate `` the power of women in leadership , and the potential of the next generation of women leaders . '' Here 's what you need to know about this mind-blowingly hypocritical company .
State Street Erected 'Fearless Girl ' To Great Popular Acclaim In March
State Street , in collaboration with the ad agency McCann , commissioned the statue — which depicts a little girl striking a defiant pose opposite the famous `` Charging Bull '' statue — back in March . It was originally supposed to stay up for a week , but due to popular demand the city extended its permit through early 2018 .
`` What this girl represents is the present , but also the future , '' [ State Street chief marketing officer Stephen ] Tisdalle said in an interview , adding that the firm was open to making the statue a permanent fixture . `` She 's not angry at the bull — she 's confident , they know what she 's capable of , and she 's wanting the bull to take note . ''
They added , `` We thought this was the most tasteful , respectful and effective way for us and others to participate in the national dialogue around International Women 's Day , '' on Wednesday [ March 8 ] .
[ The New York Times ]
State Street Has Also Made A Point Of Encouraging Firms To Appoint More Women To Their Boards
`` Fearless Girl '' was in keeping with an image State Street strove to project of promoting women in leadership positions ( even though it only had 3 women on its 11-member board ) .
As part of its aggressive push to increase the number of women in prominent leadership positions , State Street has called on companies to add more women onto their boards ...
Last year , the firm launched its SPDR Gender Diversity exchange-traded fund . The fund , known as SHE , tracks a basket of stocks of 100-plus companies that the firm judges as industry pioneers in putting women in leadership positions .
[ The Washington Post ]
The Labor Department Started Looking Into State Street 's Own Pay Practices Back In 2012
Years before State Street devised `` Fearless Girl , '' the Labor Department began evaluating the firm for allegedly paying women and black executives less than their white male counterparts .
The Labor Department alleged that women in senior leadership positions at Boston-based State Street received lower base salaries , bonus pay and total compensation since at least December 2010 . The company said it has cooperated fully with the agency and that it disagreed with the findings of the audit , which was done in 2012 .
[ Bloomberg ]
This Week , The Labor Department Reached A $ 5 Million Agreement With State Street
State Street says it `` made a decision to bring this 6-year-old matter to resolution and move forward , '' despite disagreeing with the Labor Department 's findings .
The Department of Labor investigation found `` statistically significant '' differences in the pay given women and men in leadership roles at the firm , as well as between the compensation of black and white employees . The differences persisted when the investigators accounted for `` legitimate factors , '' the Department of Labor says .
[ NPR ]
The money will go into a fund for employees who suffered from the alleged pay discrimination — 305 senior women and 15 black vice presidents .
[ T ] he filing says that the firm has agreed to pay about $ 4.5 million in back pay and about $ 500,000 in interest into a settlement fund for the affected employees .
[ The New York Times ]
You can read the entire text of the agreement here .
State Street Has Also Voted Against Gender Pay Equity Proposals As A Shareholder In Other Companies
Bloomberg reports that , in its role as a shareholder in other companies , State Street has voted against proposals that would ensure equal pay between male and female employees .
Still , more often than not , State Street has voted against gender pay shareholder proposals , according to Fund Votes .
The proposals do n't always reflect progress that companies are making on particular issues and can be `` too limited in scope , which can in turn limit their effectiveness , '' said Rakhi Kumar , head of ESG investments and asset flight attendantship at State Street Global Advisors .
[ Bloomberg ]
So much for representing `` the present , but also the future '' !
BRIEF-Atos wins contract to provide Genci with supercomputers
* ATOS WINS CONTRACT TO PROVIDE GENCI WITH ONE OF THE MOST POWERFUL SUPERCOMPUTERS IN THE WORLD
PISCATAWAY , N.J. — Rutgers has agreed to play Syracuse in a home-and-home series in football starting in 2020 .
The Orange will play at High Point Solutions Stadium in 2020 and the Scarlet Knights will go north the following year to play at Carrier Dome .
The series replaces a previously scheduled home-and-home for Rutgers against UCLA . The Scarlet Knights dropped out of that series and will have to pay UCLA $ 500,000 . About half of that amount will be saved by not having to send the team to California for two days .
Rutgers of the Big Ten and Syracuse of the ACC played for 33 consecutive seasons between 1980 and 2012 . The run ended when the schools changed conferences .
Israeli police officers block a road where the light train passes following a stabbing attack just outside Jerusalem 's Old City , according to Israeli police April 14 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ammar Awad
A foreign activist reacts to a stun grenade during clashes with Israeli troops following a protest in the West Bank city of Bethlehem April 14 , 2017 . REUTERS/Mussa Qawasma
Israeli medics evacuate an injured person following a stabbing attack just outside Jerusalem 's Old City , according to Israeli police , April 14 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ammar Awad
JERUSALEM A Palestinian man fatally stabbed a British student on Jerusalem 's transit network on Friday , Israeli police said .
Israel 's ambassador to Britain , Mark Regev , named the victim as Hannah Bladon on their Twitter account , adding that they were `` murdered in a senseless act of terror . ''
The incident occurred in a train carriage on the light rail network near the walled Old City . TV footage showed blood on the floor of the carriage with police officers restraining a man and carrying them away .
A paramedic for the Magen David Adom ambulance service said the woman had suffered multiple stab wounds and was pronounced dead in hospital .
The British Foreign Office in London said in a statement : `` We can confirm the tragic death of a British national in Jerusalem . We are providing support for their family at this difficult time and are in touch with the local authorities . ''
Israeli media said Bladon was a 21-year-old exchange student studying at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem . Israeli police earlier said they were 25 . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu sent condolences in a statement issued by their office .
The Shin Bet domestic security service identified the assailant as 57-year-old Jamil Tamimi and said they were a Palestinian from Arab East Jerusalem with mental health problems who was convicted in 2011 for sexually assaulting their daughter .
`` This is one of many instances where a Palestinian suffering personal strife ... chooses to carry out an attack in order to find release for their problems , '' the Shin Bet statement said .
It added that the assailant had previously tried to commit suicide by attempting to swallow a razor blade .
The attack occurred as Christians marked Good Friday and Muslims held prayers at respective holy sites nearby .
Friday is sometimes a day of heightened tensions in Jerusalem 's Old City when tens of thousands of Muslim worshippers come to pray at the Al-Aqsa Mosque compound .
On Good Friday each year , Christians hold a procession along the Via Dolorosa in the Old City , retracing what they believe was the route that Jesus took to their crucifixion .
A wave of street attacks by Palestinians in Israel , Jerusalem and the Israeli-occupied West Bank since October 2015 has previously killed 37 Israelis and two American tourists . At least 242 Palestinians have died during the period of sporadic violence .
Israel says at least 162 of the Palestinians killed had launched stabbing , shooting or car ramming attacks . Others died during clashes and protests .
Israel has accused the Palestinian leadership of inciting the violence . The Palestinian Authority , which exercises limited self-rule in the West Bank , denies incitement and charges that in many cases , Israel has used excessive force in thwarting attackers armed with rudimentary weapons .
( Additional reporting by Luke Baker , and Mike Holden in London , Writing by Ori Lewis ; Editing by Mark Trevelyan )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Mallrats and 7th Heaven actor Jeremy London has been arrested for alleged domestic violence .
London was booked in Jackson County , Mississippi Friday on one count of domestic violence simple assault , which is a misdemeanor .
Jackson County Sheriffs Office released the 45-year-old 's mug shot but said no further details will be released at this time .
A representative for the actor confirmed their arrest to PEOPLE .
“ Earlier today , authorities in Jackson County , Missippi intervened in a private marital matter , resulting in the arrest of Jeremy London on a misdemeanor charge – standard protocol in an attempt to diffuse an emotionally-charged situation , ” London 's spokesperson told PEOPLE .
“ An isolated incident , today 's events will be addressed privately by Jeremy and Juliet London and will be used to guide their decisions as a couple moving forward . ”
In 2012 , London was charged with spousal battery stemming from an incident in which they allegedly roughed up their wife at the time , Melissa Cunningham , during an argument about their 5-year-old son in Palm Springs , the Desert Sun reported at the time .
According to documents obtained by TMZ , who was the first to report the news of their most recent arrest , the incident erupted after Cunningham objected to London 's taking their son to breakfast , saying that the son did not wish to go .
Jason London ( L ) and Jeremy London
London , whose twin brother Jason is also an actor , then allegedly pulled Melissa 's hair , the papers said , and struck them on the side of the head .
In light of the charges , a rep for London told PEOPLE in a statement at the time : “ The allegation for which this charge against Jeremy London is being filed is false and no such abuse occurred . The facts regarding the incident do not warrant this case moving forward and will prove to be a waste of resources by the DA 's office . Jeremy continues to be focused on their work and looks forward to clearing their name of this allegation . ”
The charges were ultimately dismissed and the duo divorced in 2014 . The actor has since remarried to Reeves .
London , whose struggles with addictions were chronicled on VH1 's Celebrity Rehab , also made headlines in 2010 when they were kidnapped at gunpoint and forced to use drugs . Although their mother and brother make public statements doubting the events , one of their kidnappers in the bizarre abduction eventually pleaded guilty .
May 2 Dubai Financial Market Pjsc
* To hold its international investor roadshow in London on May 17-18 , 2017 in collaboration with HSBC Source : ( bit.ly/2p41bzR ) Further company coverage :
BRIEF-Athenex Inc shares open at $ 12‍ vs IPO price of $ 11/share​
* Athenex Inc shares open at $ 12.00‍ in debut on The NASDAQ versus IPO price of $ 11.00 per share​
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND , Va. -- A WTVR CBS 6 journalist was assaulted by a protester in Richmond Sunday night .
The journalist , who was not working for the station at the time , was using their phone to record video of a large crowd of Monument Avenue protesters passing by The Camel , a live music venue , on West Broad Street .
“ Stop filming bro , ” one protester yelled .
“ I can film whatever I want , ” the CBS 6 staffer replied . “ Get out of my face . ”
At that point video showed the employee 's phone knocked out of their hands . Video then captured a protester hit the employee with what they described as a big stick .
Police officers responded and the photojournalist was transported via ambulance to the hospital , where they received four staples in their skull . They were later released from the hospital .
`` This is not a peaceful protest , '' they wrote .
Additionally , a marked WTVR CBS 6 crew on the scene captured video of one protester who was concealing a baseball bat .
Richmond Police tweeted just after 10:20 p.m. that the protest was underway on West Broad Street and Laurel .
Demonstrators marched westbound , blocked roads before eventually surrounding the state to Confederate J.E.B . Stuart on the city 's historic Monument Avenue .
Police tweeted at 12:30 a.m. that the demonstrators had returned to Abner Clay park where they dispersed .
The protesters took to the streets chanting demands to tear down Confederate monuments in Richmond .
If you have information that could help detectives , call Crime Stoppers at 804-780-1000 or http : //www.7801000.com .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
The American Advertising Federation of Northeast Tennessee ( AAF ) recently recognized several East Tennessee State University students and recent graduates during the first tier of the largest competition the advertising industry has to offer .
Each year , the American Advertising Federation receives more than , 40,000 entries for the three-tier American Advertising “ ADDY ” Awards , yet several ETSU students and recent graduates were among the gold winners that will be advancing to the regional competition . Participation in the competition provides a chance for networking and credibility .
“ The awards present opportunities for local professionals and college students to showcase their work ; potentially earn regional and national recognition ; celebrate the region 's industry , its contributors , diverse portfolios , and advances ; and of course , celebrate one another , ” said Megan Fannon , ETSU Senior Lecturer and AAF Education Co-Chair .
“ Our region has diverse service providers , from agencies to freelancers , and this annual event allows those in the industry to come together to celebrate and advance . ”
Gold winners range from art to digital media to graphic design majors and beyond . The categories students receive awards in range from cinematography to package design to photography . Many students also received silver awards and judge 's choice awards . One student even received a scholarship .
“ I 'm ecstatic at the caliber of students ETSU has produced and continues to produce . As an educator , it 's inspiring to see students come into industry-related programs with the intent to shine and excel , ” said Fannon .
“ The DIGM and ART programs walked away with multiple student awards and the work left many of us in awe . We 're preparing students to be change makers and they 're already doing that through in-class client work and beyond . ”
Clayton Walker , a senior , and Zachary Vanhoy , a December 2017 graduate , won gold for cinematography for their “ Mindbender ” opening credits sequence and “ Kia Pet Friendly ” television spot . Julie Walker , another recent graduate , received gold for animation/visual effects , and a judge 's choice award for “ Love Your Corners . ”
Olivia Ellis and Brynne Carlisle , graphic design seniors , each received awards in the single illustration category . Ellis was presented gold for “ Bargello Ladies , ” and Carlisle received silver for “ Bad Taste ” and a judge 's choice award for “ Do n't Fix Me , I 'm Not Broken. ” In package design , gold was presented to Jimmy Stewart , a graphic design major , and Richard Brown , a studio art major for their packaging projects “ Fox & Robin package design ” and “ Social/Political Packaging . ”
ETSU seniors Brianna Edmonds and Kaycee Warren also took home gold . Edmonds received gold and a judge 's choice award for the same submission “ King Cat. ” Warren won both gold and silver for their actor transformation concept art “ Werewolf ” and “ Rocker Mom . ”
In photography categories , Meyer McMains and David Hamilton earned silver . McMains , a May 2017 graduate , won silver in the black-and-white photography category for “ Y'all Thought You Could Keep Me Out. ” Hamilton , a junior , earned an award for digitally enhanced photography in “ Tortoise and the Harecut. ” Jennifer Thayer , a May 2017 graduate , also took home a silver award in the single occurrence or installation category . for “ Bear Witness . ”
Graduate student Alice Salyer and Kelly Porter , an assistant professor of graphic design at ETSU were awarded a silver ADDY in the invitation series for their work on the Artful Aging workshops by the Johnson City Public Library .
This year , the American Advertising Federation presented two scholarships . Shawn Quilliams , a graphic design major and advertising and public relations minor of ETSU , was presented with a $ 500 scholarship and a one-year AAF membership on behalf of the AAF Northeast Tennessee Board . The scholarship is available to college students in advertising-related disciplines and is intended to support and encourage students to enter the field of advertising .
“ Our program has many talented and ambitious students . Shawn is one of those students and has performed exceptionally in the advertising and public relations program , ” said Fannon .
“ I was excited to be a presenter and award a Buc with this scholarship . My colleagues and I look forward to their future with us ! ”
The regional competition will include all participants awarded gold . Regionals will be April 20 in Cary , North Carolina . For more information , visit the American Advertising Federation website .
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON , June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take `` weeks or months '' before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
SALINE COUNTY — Four people were injured in an accident just before 9p.m . Friday in Saline County .
The Kansas Highway Patrol reported a 2009 Dodge Ram driven by Brett M. Bartlett , 37 , Rattan , OK. , was northbound on Interstate I35 just south of Magnolia in the driving lane and struck
The vehicle rear-ended a 2001 Honda CRV driven by Bailey M. Stenger , 21 , Abilene , as it merged onto I135 Northbound in the driving lane .
Then the Dodge traveled across the center line and the median into the southbound lanes of Interstate 135 striking a 2016 Cadillac CTS driven by Curtis H. Jurgensen , 69 , Valley Center , and continued off the road .
Bartlett , Stenger , Jurgensen and a passenger in the Cadillac Linda A. Jurgensen , 63 , Valley Center , were transported to the hospital in Salina . All four were properly restrained at the time of the accident , according to the KHP .
Elizabeth Hurley has revealed they get on `` incredibly well '' with their ex-boyfriend Hugh Grant 's new wife Anna Eberstein .
The 52-year-old actor dated 'Love Actually ' star Hugh for 13 years before they announced their split in 2000 but have remained close friends , with the 57-year-old actor even being godfather to their 16-year-old son Damian .
Earlier this month , Hugh tied the knot with Swedish television producer Anna Eberstein - the mother of three of their children - at the Chelsea Register Office in London .
Liz admits she 's very pleased for the couple as they simply adore Anna as much as Hugh .
In an interview with the new issue of Grazia magazine , they said : `` ( I 've known Hugh ) way too long , 31 years ! Hugh is my oldest friend ... Hugh is very happy with Anna , they 've got three kids together and I get on with Anna incredibly well . ''
'The Royals ' star has also stayed on friendly terms with some of their other exes , including former husband Arun Nayar and one-time fiancÃ© Australian cricket legend Shane Warne .
Liz is proud that they can maintain healthy relationships with their former lovers because she 's not a person who can `` annihilate the past '' .
They said : `` Arun is my best friend too and I adore Shane , it 's pretty hard to break up from a best friend . They 're still people you want to share both good and bad things with ... You ca n't annihilate the past , you have to make friends with it , otherwise you 've got these terribly dark areas , we are out past so it would be pretty sad to tear up photographs and delete everything . ''
Liz has also hinted they may have a new man in their life , but is remaining tight-lipped about their possible romance because they made a `` vow '' not to spill on any men she 's dating unless things are getting serious .
They said : `` We 've all lived out of suitcases out entire professional lives , passport in our bags the whole time , all of us in the public eye , we just get it . You can never have any ties in our business , you can never commit . If I had to fly out to New York tomorrow to work I 'd go in a heartbeat . People who are n't in that life can find it difficult to adapt .
IF ANYONE CAN GIVE HAIRCARE ADVICE ... Trump Negs French President Macron By 'Wiping Dandruff ' Off Him
During a photo-op for French President Emmanuel Macron 's visit to Washington DC , Trump `` wiped dandruff '' off them in a `` friendly '' gesture .
Driving around Great Bend you will notice chunks of property owners ' yards torn out and huge holes marked on the side of streets . The waterline replacement project in Great Bend is not pretty nor convenient , but the $ 6 million project was needed to replace nearly 40,000 linear feet of pipe .
Great Bend Community Coordinator Christina Hayes says they are making an effort to promote businesses in construction areas that are seeing less traffic in the stores .
Christina Hayes Audio
Hayes noted a few local business owners have commented about the reduced foot traffic in the stores since the waterline project started and caused inconveniences for parking .
Great Bend Engineering Technician Karl Otter is working with any business or property owner to minimize the hassle .
Christina Hayes Audio
Allene Owen , owner of Renue Salon & Spa on Main Street , says they are encouraging customers to find city parking lots in the area .
The waterline project started last fall and is expected to last roughly a year and a half .
* Crown falls in spot market to 18-month low vs euro * Crown 3-month forwards slide to 3-mth low from 3-and-1/2-yr high * Hungary lifts bond offer , yields fall * Croatian stocks tumble on concerns over food group Agrokor ( Recasts with central bank meeting , crown slide ) By Sandor Peto and Jason Hovet BUDAPEST/PRAGUE , March 30 The crown plunged in the spot market and in forward contracts on Thursday as the Czech central bank ( CNB ) gave up its guidance to end its 3 1/2-year-old weak crown regime around mid-2017 . It confirmed after a meeting that its `` hard commitment '' to keep the crown weaker than 27 against the euro at least until the end of the first quarter would end soon , and now it could exit the regime at any time . The crown fell 0.7 percent against the euro by 1429 GMT to an 18-month low at 27.21 . Its implied rate in 3-month forward contracts EURCZK3MV= fell sharply to 27.01 , a 3-month-low , after touching its strongest levels since 2013 in early trade at 26.796 . In one-month forwards , it hit a 9-month low at 27.12 . The crown 's plunge started after CNB Governor Jiri Rusnok said the probability of a mid-year exit from the cap was lower `` because we are certainly closer to the fulfillment of the sustainable inflation criterion than we had been before '' . It is highly uncertain how the crown will move after its cap is removed . Investors have heavily bought the crown and Czech government debt , mainly shorter maturities , speculating that a growing and stable economy would boost the crown once the cap is gone . But a huge amount of accumulated long crown positions raises the question whether there will be enough buyers to prevent a slide of the currency if its holders unload it . The CNB has tripled its foreign currency reserves in defence of the cap and it bought tens of billions of euros only in the past few months . One Prague-based dealer said London names were selling the crown . `` We would not regard the exit of the FX regime as the start of a one-way CZK ( crown ) appreciation streak , but would rather expect significant volatility possibly well into Q3 2017 , '' Raiffeisen analyst Wofgang Ernst said in a note before the meeting . Elsewhere in Central Europe , Hungary lifted its offer by more than 50 percent at its bond auctions as demand surged , pushing yields below secondary market levels . Zagreb 's stock index fell 2.9 percent and the kuna eased 0.2 percent to 6-week lows against the euro due to worries over Agrokor , the biggest food producer and retailer in the Balkans . The decline followed news that the Croatian government may propose a law on shielding the economy from troubles involving big firms and about a possible repayment freeze deal with Agrokor creditors . CEE SNAPS AT 1529 MARKETS HOT CET CURRENCIES Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e bid close chang in e 2017 Czech crown 27.21 27.02 -0.69 -0.75 00 15 % % Hungary 309.3 309.8 +0.1 -0.17 forint 500 750 7 % % Polish 4.220 4.221 +0.0 4.35 % zloty 5 8 3 % Romanian 4.544 4.554 +0.2 -0.21 leu 5 7 2 % % Croatian 7.450 7.434 -0.21 1.41 % kuna 0 2 % Serbian 123.8 123.8 +0.0 -0.40 dinar 500 900 3 % % Note : daily calculate previ close 1800 change d from ous at CET STOCK S Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e close chang in e 2017 Prague 985.8 982.7 +0.3 +6.9 4 1 2 % 7 % Budapest 31989 32232 -0.75 -0.04 .63 .95 % % Warsaw 2195 . 2214 . -0.87 +12 . 10 45 % 69 % Bucharest 8006 . 7942 . +0.8 +13 . 14 76 0 % 00 % Ljubljana 772.0 777.5 -0.72 +7.5 0 8 % 8 % Zagreb 1960 . 2015 . -2.72 -1.73 38 12 % % Belgrade 5 7 % 6 % Sofia 630.6 633.3 -0.42 +7.5 9 4 % 5 % BONDS Yield Yield Sprea Daily d ( bid ) chang vs chang e Bund e in Czech sprea Republic d 2-year 7 6 bps 5-year 6 bps s 10-year 8 bps Poland 2-year bps s 5-year 3 bps 10-year 7 bps FORWARD RATE AGREEMENT 3x6 6x9 9x12 3M inter bank Czech Rep < 0.28 0.32 0.38 0 PRIBOR= > Hungary < 0.2 0.26 0.36 0.18 BUBOR= > Poland < 1.753 1.775 1.817 1.73 WIBOR= > Note : FRA are for quotes ask prices * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * ( Additional reporting by Igor Ilic in Zagreb ; Editing by Mark Heinrich )
LONDON , March 30 The Belgian unit of Thomas Cook Airlines plans to transfer air crews , flight slots and two of its five aircraft to Brussels Airlines , in a move to extend a partnership with the Lufthansa-owned carrier , the companies said on Thursday .
Thomas Cook has worked closely with Brussels Airlines for years , but the latest initiative follows a slide in customers and profits at Thomas Cook 's Belgian travel unit after last year 's attacks on Brussels airport .
Thomas Cook , whose airline has units in other countries , said in a statement it had agreed to use Brussels Airlines for the majority of its Belgium business and would consider launching new long-haul destinations with the carrier .
`` The proposal builds upon a successful 15-year working relationship between Thomas Cook Belgium and Brussels Airlines , '' Thomas Cook said in its statement .
Under the deal , Thomas Cook 's Belgian unit would transfer 160 pilots and cabin crew , flight slots and two aircraft to Brussels Airlines , it said . The remaining three aircraft will be deployed across the Thomas Cook Group .
A Brussels Airlines spokesperson said the partnership would mean the carrier could fly to more leisure destinations .
Lufthansa last year exercised an option to acquire Brussels Airlines in a bid by the German carrier to expand its Eurowings low-cost unit . Lufthansa executives have previously called for consolidation among European airlines .
Thomas Cook , whose management has previously said it would consider partnerships with local airlines , said in its statement the deal with Brussels Airlines was in line with that strategy .
Thomas Cook said last year it was looking at restructuring its German airline Condor after poor profitability , but the Chief Executive Officer Peter Fankhauser told a newspaper this that Thomas Cook did not want to sell Condor .
( Reporting by Alistair Smout and Victoria Bryan ; Editing by Edmund Blair )
In an attempt to reduce opioid use amid a nationwide abuse epidemic , insurance giant Cigna will no longer cover most OxyContin prescriptions in its group plans beginning January 1 .
“ Our focus is on helping customers get the most value from their medications — this means obtaining effective pain relief while also guarding against opioid misuse , ” Cigna Chief Pharmacy Officer Jon Maesner said in a statement Wednesday .
OxyContin is a brand name for an extended-release version of oxycodone , a commonly prescribed opioid painkiller .
Last year , Cigna set a goal of reducing its customers ' opioid use by 25 % within the next three years . In lieu of OxyContin , Cigna said Wednesday , it is “ asking opioid manufacturers to align with efforts to reduce opioid use and has signed a value-based contract with Collegium Pharmaceutical for the drug Xtampza ER , an oxycodone equivalent with abuse-deterrent properties . ”
Long-acting or extended-release medications like OxyContin contain a higher dosage of the active ingredients in the pill itself , which is chemically released over a long period of time . The advantage for patients is that they do n't have to take pills as frequently . However , the higher dosage of long-acting pills can make them more attractive for abuse . Crushing or melting some versions of extended-release pills , a user can get a day 's dosage in just one pill .
According to Cigna , “ Xtampza ER 's abuse-deterrent platform allows the product to maintain its extended release profile even when cut , crushed , chewed or otherwise manipulated. ” OxyContin likewise has some abuse-deterrent properties , such as being more difficult to crush . And although one study appeared to find that Xtampza was harder to abuse than OxyContin , it was conducted by the medication 's manufacturer , Collegium .
The difficulty of abuse should n't be confused with how addictive a drug may be , said Dr. Caleb Alexander , director of the Johns Hopkins Center for Drug Safety and Effectiveness . “ People do n't recognize that just because they are harder to tamper with does n't make them any less addictive or any more effective in chronic non-cancer pain , ” they said .
Despite any advantages Xtampza may have , “ people still get addicted to oral pills . They can still take too much . They can still overdose , ” said Dr. Walid Gellad , co-director of the University of Pittsburgh 's Center for Pharmaceutical Policy and Prescribing .
Purdue Pharma , maker of OxyContin , said in a statement Thursday that “ Cigna 's decision limits the tools prescribers can use to help address the opioid crisis as both products are formulated with properties designed to deter abuse . Unfortunately , this decision appears to be more about pharmaceutical rebates . ”
Gellad and Alexander also believe that there was more to Cigna 's decision than a desire to combat the opioid crisis . “ I think it 's important to recognize that insurers are trying to find the sweet spot between finding the right spot clinically and the right thing to do for their business , ” Alexander said .
In its statement , the insurance company said that “ Collegium is financially accountable if the average daily dosage strengths of Xtampza ER prescribed for Cigna customers exceed a specific threshold . If the threshold is exceeded , Collegium will reduce the cost of the medication for many of Cigna 's benefit plans . ”
When asked for further details of the financial agreement , including what the threshold was and the how cost reduction would be distributed , Cigna said that “ specific terms of the contract are proprietary . ”
Dr. Charles E. Argoff , president of the American Academy of Pain Medicine Foundation , said “ we are going down a very bad slippery slope if we allow payers to only make decisions solely on financial grounds and do n't have any checks and balances on the insurance world 's ability to basically dictate what happens to them medically . ”
Cigna said OxyContin will still be considered for patients if a doctor believes it medically necessary .
According to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , over 90 Americans die every day from opioid overdoses , including legally prescribed drugs like oxycodone as well as illicit drugs like heroin . Since 1999 , the number of opioid overdose deaths has quadrupled , as has the number of opioid prescriptions . However , there has n't been a change in the amount of pain reported by Americans .
Drug overdoses overall are killing more Americans than guns or car accidents .
But Gellad said that targeting prescriptions alone will not be enough to help turn the tide on the opioid overdose epidemic . “ If you really want to address the opioid epidemic , it 's about about increasing access to non-opioid treament for chronic pain patients . ”
( Adds production guidance , CEO quotes )
OSLO May 3 Sweden 's Lundin Petroleum lifted its full year production guidance on Wednesday and said it still expected to find more oil in the Barents Sea despite a recent setback .
Lundin , a partner in Norway 's giant Johan Sverdrup field , reported $ 355.8 million in earnings before interest , tax , depreciation and amortisation ( EBITDA ) , above the forecast of $ 325 million in a Reuters survey of analysts .
Lundin said it was able to increase production capacity at its Edvard Grieg platform to 145,000 barrels of oil equivalents per day ( boepd ) from its designed capacity of 126,000 .
`` This outstanding performance has led us to revise Lundin Petroleum 's full year production guidance to between 75,000 and 85,000 boepd , and to reduce our cash operating cost guidance for the full year to $ 4.90 per barrel , '' it said in a statement .
The previous guidance was 70,000-80,000 boepd and $ 5.30 per barrel respectively , excluding output from Lundin 's assets outside Norway that were spun off to International Petroleum Corporation ( IPC ) in April .
A recent appraisal well at Edvard Grieg 's southwestern flank confirmed the resource upside of gross 10–30 million boe .
Lundin 's Chief Executive Alex Schneiter said it was `` fair to assume '' that Edvard Grieg plateau production would be extended beyond the original two-year period due to better reservoir performance .
Lundin has a 65 percent stake in the Edvard Grieg field , Austria 's OMV 20 percent and Germany 's Wintershall , a unit of chemicals giant BASF , 15 percent .
ARCTIC SETBACK
Separately , Lundin said it would have to reduce its previous resource estimate of between 91 million and 184 million boe at the Gohta prospect in the Barents Sea after the latest appraisal well turned out to be dry .
The setback , however , would not jeopardise the development of the nearby Alta find , estimated to contain 125-400 million boe , added the firm .
`` Clearly there will be a reduction on Gohta , but Alta is the main discovery where we have been focusing the development ( plans ) , '' Schneiter said .
Lundin plans to drill an appraisal well at its Alta prospect later this year , and Schneiter confirmed on Wednesday plans to drill two more exploration wells near the Filicudi 35-100 million boe discovery made in February .
It is also a partner in the Korpfjell prospect in the Barents Sea near the border with Russia , which Statoil plans to drill this summer .
Shares in Lundin were down 0.77 percent at 1048 GMT , roughly in line with a European oil and gas index down 0.41 percent . ( Reporting by Gwladys Fouche and Nerijus Adomaitis ; editing by Ken Ferris )
Over 70 percent of patients waited more than the 6 hour target time to be admitted to hospital this year .
A new survey by the HSE has also revealed that 84 percent said their hospital stay was good or very good .
The results from the first ever patient experience survey have been published today and will be used to improve the quality and service in hospitals .
Nicole Gernon reports :
Over 14-thousand people responded to the first patient experience survey after being a hospital stay in May .
Of these , over 70 per cent waited more than the 6 hour target time to be admitted .
Just under half of people said that they could not always find a member of staff to talk to about their worries or fears .
HIQA says waiting times and concerns around discharge or transfer showed the greatest need for improvement .
Over a third of patients said they were not involved as much as they would have liked to be in decisions about their care , while food was another area of complaint .
Health Minister Simon Harris welcomed the results and says their department is in the process of completing a bed capacity report which will give an idea of geographical requirements for not just now , but into the future as well .
Around 84 per cent of patients said their overall hospital stay was good or very good and that they had confidence in the staff .
The HSE says it 's already started implementing individual action plans for each hospital based on the relevant feedback .
This survey will now be completed every year and could be expanded to include other areas such as Maternity Care .
A Cliffside Park police car struck and seriously injured a drunken pedestrian before dawn Tuesday , authorities confirmed .
An investigation by the Bergen County Prosecutor 's Office was in the preliminary stages , they said , adding that any information would come from Acting Prosecutor Dennis Calo .
The 34-year-old victim had been drinking before they were dropped off by a car and was struck by the patrol vehicle on Palisades Avenue near the corner of Cliff Street just before 2 a.m. , authorities told Daily Voice .
They were taken to Hackensack University Medical Center , they said .
`` The victim is still alive '' although seriously injured , a law enforcement official said late Wednesday morning .
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice 's free daily emails and news alerts .
Metro Pacific Tollways Corp. ( MPTC ) targets to get the green light from Indonesian authorities for the conduct of a tender offer in favor of minority shareholders of infrastructure firm PT Nusantara Infrastructure Tbk by August .
“ We are filing sa Indonesia with their SEC ( Securities and Exchange Commission ) . Yun ang magde-determine ng actual , it should be August when we get the final clearance sa Indonesia , ” MPTC President and Chief Executive Officer Rodrigo E. Franco told reporters in an interview on Wednesday , July 4 .
The Indonesian counterpart for the SEC is called the Financial Services Authority . — Arra B. Francia
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un at the People 's Theatre in Pyongyang in this photo released by North Korea 's Korean Central News Agency ( KCNA ) on February 23 , 2017 . KCNA/via REUTERS
WASHINGTON Despite sending a naval force to the Korean peninsula , the Trump administration is focusing its North Korea strategy on tougher economic sanctions , possibly including an oil embargo , banning its airline , intercepting cargo ships and punishing Chinese banks doing business with Pyongyang , U.S. officials say .
U.S. President Donald Trump has approved a preliminary broad approach on North Korea and asked their national security team to craft a more detailed framework for new international sanctions and other actions to counter Pyongyang 's nuclear and missile programs , one official said .
`` There 's a whole host of things that are possible , all the way up to what 's essentially a trade quarantine on North Korea , '' the official told Reuters on Wednesday , speaking on condition of anonymity .
The U.S. officials said the administration is considering an array of stiffer sanctions that could be applied on a `` sliding scale '' proportionate to North Korean actions . Some steps could be applied unilaterally , and others through the United Nations , where China has a Security Council veto .
The U.S. show of force , sending what Trump called an `` armada '' of military vessels towards the region , and North Korea 's angry response , has raised fears of a military confrontation .
Though U.S. officials insist that military options remain on the table , pre-emptive strikes on North Korea remain a last resort , and they stressed that - for now , at least - the Trump administration is stressing economic and diplomatic measures .
U.N. economic options include an embargo on oil supplies to North Korea ; a global ban on Air Koryo , its national airline ; and interdiction of North Korean freighters on the high seas , a step that would go beyond an existing requirement for nations to inspect ships transiting their territory , the officials said this week .
The United Nations also could prohibit the use of North Korean contracted labour abroad and expand the restrictions on North Korean coal exports to a total ban , the officials said .
Another step could be a ban on North Korean seafood exports , Pyongyang 's fourth-largest export to China , its main trading partner , and expanded efforts to seize assets of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and their family .
U.S. administration officials said final decisions on specific sanctions targets have yet to made , but they privately expressed doubts about how much further Beijing is willing to go to bring its defiant ally to heel - in spite of increasing Chinese concerns that North Korea might soon conduct a sixth nuclear test or new missile launches .
A phone call between Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping on Wednesday was intended to reinforce U.S. pressure on Beijing to curb Pyongyang 's nuclear and ballistic missile programs , a U.S. official said .
On Wednesday , Trump , who met Xi at a first summit in Florida last week , praised China for sending coal ships back to North Korea under existing U.N. sanctions . Trump said they thought Xi wanted to help , but added : `` We 'll see whether or not they do . ''
MULTIPLE SANCTIONS TARGETS
While Trump emphasized the warmth of their interactions with Xi , they warned the Chinese leader last week that new sanctions could include penalties against Chinese banks and companies doing business with North Korea if Beijing did not step up pressure , one U.S. official said .
`` If that 's the only option the Chinese leave us , there 's a real possibility that Chinese entities will get hit , '' the official said .
The U.S. aim would be to tighten the screws on North Korea in the same way it pressured Iran to open negotiations on its suspected nuclear weapons programme – by penalising all foreign firms dealing with the country .
`` The amount of pressure that has been brought to bear economically on North Korea is far short of what was brought to bear against Iran , '' another senior administration official said .
Some analysts cautioned that targeting Chinese entities with so-called `` secondary sanctions '' could backfire and make Beijing less willing to cooperate , and that dealing with a country that already has nuclear weapons differs from dealing with one accused of trying to acquire them .
`` If you want to rely on sanctions to achieve your goal , you have to find a way to persuade or force the world into going all the way to a near full embargo or at least an embargo on key commodities like petroleum and on North Korean hard currency export earnings , '' said Joseph DeThomas , a former State Department official who worked on Iran and North Korea sanctions .
`` Only if the regime sees continuation of sanctions as fatal will it consider change , '' they said .
Asked about the possibility of new U.S. sanctions , China 's foreign ministry spokesperson Lu Kang told a regular briefing China was opposed .
`` China has always opposed the use of unilateral sanctions in international relations and is firmly opposed when such unilateral sanctions harm China 's interests , '' Lu said .
In a sign of Beijing 's growing frustration with North Korea , China 's Global Times newspaper said on Wednesday North Korea should halt any nuclear and missile activities `` for its own security '' - a reference to the approaching U.S. naval force .
It said that if North Korea made another provocative move , `` Chinese society '' might back unprecedented sanctions `` such as restricting oil imports . ''
While run by the ruling Communist Party 's official People 's Daily , the Global Times does not always represent government policy .
( Reporting By Matt Spetalnick and David Brunnstrom ; Editing by Bill Rigby )
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG , June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League ( CSL ) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career .
Brandi Redmond and Stephanie Hollman were nearly inseparable during the first season of The Real Housewives of Dallas . But on Monday 's season 2 premiere , fans learned that the BFFs had n't spoken in nearly four months .
“ Our relationship feels like a breakup , ” Brandi revealed on the episode . “ My best friend is not my best friend anymore . ”
So what tore them apart ? Hell if Stephanie knows . As the Dallas Housewife explained , Brandi stopped talking to them in June — and has yet to explain why . “ I 've tried to reach out so many times , ” Stephanie , 37 , said . “ I just do n't understand . It 's totally , like , super sad . I just do n't like this . ”
“ Brandi and I , we were like sisters . I used to spend hours and hours and hours on the phone with them I relied on them It was almost like we were one person . But they will not tell me what I did wrong , ” Stephanie added . “ This is such a mean girl act — I do not understand that . Because I would never treat them like that . ”
But Brandi had them reasons .
“ Stephanie talked behind my back , ” the 39-year-old redhead said , referencing a blog Stephanie had written on BravoTV.com . “ She said my marriage was a recipe for disaster and that my marriage was like a slow motion car crash . I know that their marriage is n't perfect and I would never say anything about their marriage that was hurtful and mean . ”
The blog may have been hurtful , but “ the final straw ” for Brandi was when Stephanie came to a Father 's Day party at their house .
“ Stephanie came over … and they chose not to be a part of our thing , ” Brandi told their husband , Bryan Redmond — who happens to be best friends with Stephanie 's husband , Travis Homman . “ [ She ] spent the whole afternoon sitting inside reading magazines . And then I overheard Travis trying to get them to participate and come hang out , and they said , ‘ Get over it Travis . You 're hanging out with your fiends . ' It hurt really bad . It feels like they were too good for us . ”
“ For some reason with the Dallas social scene , I feel like she 's made more of an effort to be close with the people that they feel like are the most important [ versus me ] , ” Brandi continued . “ I get very emotional thinking about it . … And I feel like they kind of hides to keep up the image that they have a perfect fairy tale life . ”
Of course , Brandi could have brought this up to Stephanie directly — but they said they stayed and ignored all of Stephanie 's phone calls “ to protect herself . ”
“ I do n't want to be hurt again , ” Brandi said . “ I had to put up a wall and then become numb to [ the emotions I was processing ] . At this point , I 'm moving on . ”
It turns out , putting that wall up did have its advantages for both of them . Mostly , it helped each grow closer to their husbands .
“ Bryan and I went through hell last year , ” Brandi said of their marriage problems that were documented on RHOD ‘ s first season . “ He was so focused on their career , it felt like the girls and I did n't matter . Through Stephanie and I are not speaking , I really started to depend on Bryan more . And I really do believe it made Bryan and I much stronger . ”
The same could be said for Stephanie and Travis . “ I feel like I spent so much time focused on [ Brandi ] for a year whenever they were going through stuff , that Travis was feeling neglected . And it was a very hard time in my marriage because of that , ” Stephanie said . “ I definitely feel like Travis and I are in a much better , healthier place . My marriage is really good right now and I think a lot of it is I found my voice and I 'm assertive . But I think another part of it is , I was married to Brandi . ”
RELATED VIDEO : Andy Cohen 's Pick For The Most Absurd Housewives ' Business Ever
Travis and Bryan may agree , but being friends for over 15 years , they each wanted their wives to fix their broken friendship .
“ It 's getting awkward , ” Travis told Stephanie . “ It 's kind of crazy … You guys need to fix it . ”
“ You guys are too close not to get back eventually , ” Bryan urged Stephanie .
That “ eventually ” appeared like it would be Cary Deuber 's party for husband Mark — but although Stephanie tried to talk to Brandi , Brandi ignored them
“ I got ta leave , ” Brandi said — running out of the party in tears . “ I ca n't . I ca n't . I have to go home , I 'm so sorry . ”
“ I do n't want to have a conversation with her , ” Brandi confessed . “ I do n't want to make a scene . And I do n't want people to know the pain I feel seeing that my best friend is not my best friend anymore . ”
The Real Housewives of Dallas airs Mondays ( 10 p.m . ET ) on Bravo .
Selena Gomez 's Go-To Outfit Combo
If there 's one thing that Selena Gomez has taught us about style it 's that when you find a look that works for you - stick to it . The singer has been seen rocking a simple outfit combination that we just ca n't help but want to copy immediately . Them love for retro-Parisian style dresses from brands such as Rouje , Reformation and Bec & Bridge are flirty , chic and easy going - especially when paired with sneakers and a trendy round crossbody . We love this look so much that we 've gone ahead and put together 5 cute combos because the heart wants what it wants . Scroll through to shop them now !
The parents of Edwin Garcia , Mr. Jose Garcia and Mrs. Bernarda Castro , wish to express their gratitude to our community for its outpouring of compassion and generosity following their 15-year-old son 's recently reported death .
Their parents give their thanks to the many kind-hearted people who were touched by their young son 's brief life and moved by their untimely death . So many of them opened their hearts to the family that in just one week donors to the Edwin Garcia Memorial Fund had covered all of the funeral and burial expenses .
Thanks to Noozhawk readers , Edwin 's much-loved pit bull , Rico , quickly found a new home .
Relatives , friends and acquaintances , and even people from near and far who did not know Edwin but who heard of the family 's plight , contributed to the memorial fund . Even Edwin 's eye doctor who recalled their young patient and had prescribed Edwin 's first and last pair of eyeglasses .
Donors to the Edwin Garcia Memorial Fund included school staff such as Edwin 's former elementary , junior high , and high school teachers and principals who all gave to the fund . They remembered them from their school classes and campuses and recalled their gentle spirit .
We are so fortunate and blessed to live in a community that cares for its own . Edwin Garcia will be laid to rest on Monday , July 1 , following a 10 a.m. Mass at Holy Cross Catholic Church , 1740 Cliff Drive in Santa Barbara .
— Salvador Güereña is a friend of the Garcia family .
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Adex Mining Inc :
* ADEX MINING INC - NOT AWARE OF ANY MATERIAL CHANGE IN OPERATIONS THAT WOULD ACCOUNT FOR RECENT TRADING MOVEMENTS IN CO ‘ S COMMON SHARES Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
FILE PHOTO : Bank of Japan ( BOJ ) Governor Haruhiko Kuroda speaks during an upper house financial committee meeting of the Parliament in Tokyo , Japan February 18 , 2016 . REUTERS/Toru Hanai/File Photo
WASHINGTON Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda warned world policymakers against undoing the free trade and globalisation that they said have brought prosperity to many economies , particularly emerging nations .
Kuroda also said that while Japan 's economic prospects were brightening , inflation was lacking momentum and justified maintaining the BOJ 's massive monetary stimulus for some time .
`` The global economy made great strides by consistently promoting free trade since the end of World War Two , '' Kuroda said upon arrival in Washington for the Group of 20 finance leaders ' gathering and the International Monetary Fund meetings .
`` My belief is that a multilateral framework promoting free trade will continue . There wo n't be huge changes to that , '' they told reporters on Thursday .
Their comments came as world financial leaders gathered in Washington with pledges to work with U.S. President Donald Trump to fix lingering trade problems while vowing to keep their commitments to free trade and global integration .
Kuroda , formerly head of the Asian Development Bank , said that while policymakers must deal with poverty and income disparities widening in some countries , that did not mean they should abandon global free trade .
`` Unwinding the more than 70-year postwar history of free trade and globalism is n't the appropriate approach , '' they said .
DOWNBEAT ON PRICES
Trump 's protectionist approach to trade and European political risks have overshadowed brightening prospects for the global economy , driven by a rebound in manufacturing activity .
Japan has benefitted from global tailwinds that boosted exports and factory output , Kuroda said , describing its economy as `` expanding steadily as a trend '' - a more upbeat view than last month .
But they offered a bleaker view on Japan 's inflation , saying it lacked momentum with no clear sign yet it was shifting up .
`` That 's why the BOJ will continue its ultra-easy monetary policy to achieve its 2 percent inflation target at the earliest date possible , '' they said .
Japan 's economy has shown signs of life as exports and output rebounded thanks to a pick-up in global demand .
But core consumer prices for February rose just 0.2 percent from a year earlier , far from the BOJ 's 2 percent target , as weak household spending discourages companies from raising prices and wages .
After three years of heavy money printing failed to drive up inflation , the BOJ reverted its policy framework last September to one better suited for a long-term war against deflation .
( Reporting by Leika Kihara ; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama )
TORONTO — Aphria Inc. has inked a $ 20-million deal to sell its stake in Arizona cannabis company Copperstate Farms to an affiliated U.S. firm as the Canadian licensed marijuana producer looks to reduce its direct involvement in medical pot south of the border .
As part of the deal announced Friday , Aphria has agreed to sell its minority interest in Copperstate to Liberty Health Sciences Inc. , an investor and operator in the U.S. medical cannabis market . Aphria , based in Leamington , Ont. , holds a minority stake in Liberty .
`` The sale of Copperstate is an important step in our continued efforts to work collaborately with the TSX and Canadian securities regulatory authorities regarding the divestiture of our direct investment in a U.S. cannabis business , '' Aphria chief executive Vic Neufeld said in a statement .
The sale is subject to customary closing conditions and expected to close in the second quarter .
This comes after Canada 's biggest stock exchange operator warned late last year that U.S. federal law , which classifies marijuana as an illegal schedule 1 drug , takes precedence over state law . The TMX Group , which operates the Toronto Stock Exchange and the TSX Venture , said companies that operate in states where pot is legal are not in compliance with TSX listing requirements and could face a delisting review .
And in January , U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions rescinded an Obama-era guidance known as the Cole Memorandum that suggested that the federal government would not intervene in states where the marijuana is legal , allowing legalization to flourish in states including California and Florida . Sessions said in the January memo that they would leave it to federal prosecutors in states where cannabis is legal to decide how aggressively to enforce federal law .
The umbrella organization for Canada 's provincial and territorial securities regulators has also said it is considering whether its disclosure-based approach for issuers with U.S. marijuana-related activities `` remains appropriate '' in light of the decision by Sessions .
In December , Neufeld said the company continued to be in discussions with the TMX Group and that Aphria was moving to reduce its direct involvement in medical cannabis in the U.S. `` as best as possible . ''
Aphria 's first foray into the U.S. market was in 2016 with an investment in Copperstate , a medical marijuana producer . Copperstate owns approximately 158,000 square metres of greenhouses in Snowflake , Ariz. — 20 per cent of which produces medical cannabis .
In April 2017 , Aphria announced the launch of its U.S. expansion strategy through a strategic investment in an entity that was renamed Liberty Health Sciences . As part of the transaction , Aphria also licenses its medical brand of cannabis to Liberty for a royalty .
YOU ARE BROKEN BUT SO ARE THEY A Few Devastating Truths About Love
These are a bit hard to stomach but are also a huge load off as we remember that no love will be without its complications or imperfections .
By Sandor Peto BUDAPEST , March 31 The Czech crown fell to multi-month lows in the spot market and in euro rates implied in forward contracts on Friday as the central bank 's hard commitment to maintain a cap on its value comes to an end . The plunge started on Thursday after the Czech central bank ( CNB ) confirmed that the commitment would expire at the end of the first quarter , while it gave up its guidance to end the 3 1/2-year-old `` weak crown regime '' around mid-2017 . This means that it may remove the cap , which has kept the crown weaker than 27 against the euro , any time after Friday 's session . Earlier , investors speculated that the strong Czech economy could boost the crown once the cap is abandoned . As the exit may be near , they are concerned that a huge amount of accumulated crown buying positions could raise questions on how many further buyers come after the cap is gone . The crown traded at 27.13 against the euro at 0719 GMT , off a new 18-month low set in early trade at 27.252 . Its implied forward rates which earlier priced in a crown firming for the next months relative to the 27 level , all showed slightly weaker levels than the cap on Friday , touching multi-month lows . The bid implied in 1-month forward deals touched a 9-month low at 27.147 . The implied rate in one-year forwards touched a 7-month low , but at 26.95 it was still firmer than the current cap . `` The removal of the soft commitment signals to us that the exchange-rate floor exit may happen much earlier than mid-year , '' Société Générale analysts said in a note . `` The heightened uncertainty regarding timing of exit may discourage speculative behaviour among market participants , '' the said . Other Central European currencies were mixed and rangebound , with the forint and the zloty easing and the leu firming slightly . The region 's main stock indices mostly eased , tracking Asian markets , led by 0.7 percent decline in Budapest The Budapest index was pushed down by a 2.3 percent decline in the share price of Hungarian oil group MOL after Czech CEZ announced the results of its offer to buy back convertible bonds linked to MOL shares . CEE SNAPS AT 0919 MARKETS HOT CET CURRENCIES Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e bid close chang in e 2017 Czech crown 27.13 27.09 -0.13 -0.45 00 40 % % Hungary 308.7 308.6 -0.03 0.03 % forint 400 600 % Polish 4.217 4.213 -0.11 4.42 % zloty 5 1 % Romanian 4.548 4.553 +0.1 -0.30 leu 5 3 1 % % Croatian 7.437 7.445 +0.1 1.59 % kuna 0 5 1 % Serbian 123.7 123.9 +0.1 -0.33 dinar 600 500 5 % % Note : daily calculate previ close 1800 change d from ous at CET STOCK S Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e close chang in e 2017 Prague 983.6 983.6 -0.01 +6.7 2 7 % 3 % Budapest 31925 32144 -0.68 -0.24 .62 .67 % % Warsaw 2198 . 2209 . -0.49 +12 . 28 10 % 85 % Bucharest 8062 . 8018 . +0.5 +13 . 74 47 5 % 80 % Ljubljana 761.0 772.0 -1.42 +6.0 3 0 % 5 % Zagreb 1942 . 1953 . -0.55 -2.61 74 39 % % Belgrade 5 0 % 00 % Sofia 633.9 633.0 +0.1 +8.1 1 4 4 % 0 % BONDS Yield Yield Sprea Daily d ( bid ) chang vs chang e Bund e in Czech sprea Republic d 2-year 9 bps 5-year bps s 10-year 6 bps Poland 2-year E ! E ! 5-year E ! E ! 10-year E ! E ! s FORWARD RATE AGREEMENT 3x6 6x9 9x12 3M inter bank Czech Rep < 0.22 0.25 0.28 0 PRIBOR= > Hungary < 0.2 0.25 0.36 0.18 BUBOR= > Poland < 1.76 1.79 1.82 1.73 WIBOR= > Note : FRA are for quotes ask prices * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * ( Reporting by Sandor Peto ; Editing by )
NEW YORK U.S. mortgage finance giants Fannie Mae ( FNMA.PK ) and Freddie Mac ( FMCC.PK ) may write down $ 21 billion of tax-related assets if there is a deep cut in the federal corporate tax rate as promised by President Donald Trump , according to an analyst at BMO Capital Markets on Friday .
These assets , known as deferred tax assets , are items such as tax credits that may be used to reduce a company 's taxes .
If the rate cut is lowered to 20 percent from 35 percent , the value of Fannie and Freddie 's deferred tax assets is worth less and it would be recognized against their capital .
The two agencies , which guarantee home loans and mortgage-backed securities , are holding little capital since they are not allowed to retain their earnings after they have been under conservatorship or government guardianship due to heavy losses from the housing market collapse more than eight years ago .
Fannie drew $ 116.1 billion and Freddie $ 71.3 billion from the U.S. Treasury Department to cover those losses . They have remitted all their profits , which are more than their draw , to the Treasury under the conservatorship arrangement .
In absence of much capital cushion , the government-sponsored enterprises ( GSEs ) would need borrow nearly a total of $ 17 billion from Treasury , BMO 's head of fixed-income strategy , Margaret Kerins , wrote in a research note .
Such a move , however , would not hurt the value of their bonds or disrupt mortgage market , they said .
`` However , the potential for renewed draws is likely to be politically unpopular and may spark preemptive Treasury action
and Congress to prioritize GSE reform in addition to headline risk , '' Kerins wrote .
( Reporting by Richard Leong ; Editing by Jonathan Oatis and Marguerita Choy )
Eye on safety 1 of 3
SUBARU 's suite of safety systems is now fitted to the updated versions of the carmaker 's Outback , XV and Levorg models — all of which introduced at the recent Manila International Auto Show . Branded EyeSight , the newest versions of Subaru 's driver-assist technologies were launched in Southeast Asia at the Singapore Motor Show held in January .
In a statement Subaru distributor Motor Image Pilipinas said the introduction of EyeSight in the country affords consumers “ in pursuit of the highest standards of safety , comfort , versatility and performance… a unique driving experience . ”
Included in EyeSight are pre-collision braking , adaptive cruise control , pre-collision throttle management , lane departure warning , lane sway warning , and lead vehicle start assist .
Subaru explained EyeSight uses stereo cameras to identify surrounding vehicles , obstacles , traffic lanes and other items , and in certain circumstances would apply the vehicle 's brakes or lift off the throttle in order to avoid a collision . All 2017 Subaru models received from the US 's Insurance Institute for Highway Safety the highest possible rating for that year concerning front crash prevention , according to Subaru .
The carmaker added pre-collision braking can automatically brake the vehicle to prevent a collision ; adaptive cruise control adjusts the car 's speed to keep a safe distance from the vehicle it is following ; pre-collision throttle management can cut the car 's engine output to negate the chances of an accidental frontal collision ; lane departure warning alerts the driver when the vehicle drifts to the edge of a lane ; lane sway warning detects when the vehicle is wandering or drifting within a lane ; and lead vehicle start alert prompts the inattentive driver stopped in traffic that surrounding vehicles have started moving .
EyeSight is now standard on the 2018 Outback 3.6R-S that sells for P2.408 million , the 2018 XV 2.0i-S priced at P1.668 million , and the 2018 Levorg 1.6 GT-S retailing for P1.888 million . — BMA
Members of the supervisory board of German pharmaceutical and chemical maker Bayer AG are silhouetted against the company 's logo at the annual general shareholders meeting in Bonn , Germany , April 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Wolfgang Rattay
A federal jury has cleared Bayer AG and Johnson & Johnson of liability in the first trial to flow out of thousands of lawsuits blaming injuries on the blood thinner Xarelto , the drugmakers said on Wednesday .
The verdict by a federal jury in New Orleans came in a lawsuit filed by Joseph Boudreaux of Louisiana . It was the first in a series of test trials aimed at helping the plaintiffs and companies assess similar claims about bleeding risks .
`` The jury 's verdict affirms both the safety and efficacy of Xarelto , and that its FDA-approved label contains accurate , science-based information on the benefits and risks of this life-saving medicine , '' Bayer said in a statement .
William Foster , a spokesperson for J & J 's Janssen Pharmaceuticals Inc unit , said the verdict reflected the case 's facts and the appropriateness of Xarelto 's prescribing information .
In a joint statement , Andy Birchfield and Brian Barr , lawyers for Boudreaux , said they were disappointed but would press on in similar cases .
`` As always , we will learn from the experience of this trial , and continue to press forward with the legal claims of thousands of innocent victims whose lives have been shattered by Xarelto , '' they said .
The lawsuit is one of an estimated 18,000 lawsuits in federal and state courts related to Xarelto . The verdict came in the first of four test trials , or bellwethers , scheduled in the federal litigation . The next trial is May 30 .
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved Xarelto in 2011 . The drug is prescribed for people with a common heart rhythm disorder known as a trial fibrillation and to treat and reduce the risk of deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolisms .
But plaintiffs contend Xarelto was unreasonably dangerous and that J & J and Bayer , which jointly developed it , failed to warn patients about a serious risk of uncontrollable , irreversible bleeding in emergencies .
In Boudreaux 's case , the 75-year-old said they were prescribed Xarelto in 2014 to treat a heart condition and suffered gastrointestinal bleeding , leading to their hospitalization and numerous blood transfusions .
Xarelto is among a new class of blood thinners aimed at replacing the Bristol-Myers Squibb Co 's Coumadin , or warfarin , which has long been on the market .
Others include Boehringer Ingelheim 's Pradaxa , which also became the subject of thousands of lawsuits claiming it caused bleeding in patients . Boehringer in 2014 reached a $ 650 million settlement to resolve those cases .
The case is In Re Xarelto Products Liability Litigation , U.S. District Court , Eastern District of Louisiana , No . 14-md-2592 .
( Reporting by Nate Raymond in Boston ; Editing by Jonathan Oatis and Lisa Shumaker )
The site gives consumers a chance to sell their electronics online and risk-free , reports www.buybackpros.com .
Selling smartphones to Buy Back Pros
Media Contact
Buy Back Pros LLC - St. Louis , Missouri
Support @ BuyBackPros.Com
support @ buybackpros.com Buy Back Pros LLC - St. Louis , MissouriSupport @ BuyBackPros.Com
End
-- ( Saint Louis , MO ) —Buy Back Pros LLC announced the introduction of an easy way for consumers and business owners to cash in on their unwanted electronics . The company is giving anyone and everyone a chance to sell their electronic devices to their team online and risk free . Those who wish to use the service can sell their devices in any condition using Buy Back Pros ' easy three-step process . `` In this day and age where new electronics are launched every day , almost every consumer and business owner has unwanted devices laying around that they no longer use because they have upgraded their model or found something they like better . The good news is that they no longer have to let these devices sit around collecting dust . Instead , we 're making it as easy as possible for them to recoup some of their investment by selling them to us . Our smartphone buyback process is designed to be simple , speedy , and painless , allowing consumers to get paid fast in exchange for their unwanted electronics , '' said Sam Herwitz of Buy Back Pros LLC.All that consumers and business owners need to do to begin the buy-back process is visited the Buy Back Pros website , search for their device , and then get a 30-day guaranteed offer . After securing an offer , they can simply print and attach a free prepaid shipping label the company instantly prepares for them and send the packaged device in the mail . Once Buy Back Pros receives the device and it passes their inspection , they will send payment to the seller within 2 business days . They offer numerous payment options including checks , overnight checks , PayPal , Square Cash , Venmo , and wire transfers as well as a bulk buyback program for business owners with lots of devices to sell.Herwitz went on to say , `` If I were looking for a way to Sell my broken iPhone , I would definitely make use of this service . Buy Back Pros makes it so that our sellers never have to worry about taking pictures , managing listings , or communicating with multiple buyers . Our process is quick and reliable , which means that they can get rid of their unwanted devices and have cash in hand faster than they ever thought possible . '' It 's so easy . Just goto http : //www.BuyBackPros.Com About Buy Back Pros LLC : Buy Back Pros LLC is an e-commerce company specializing in buying and selling pre-owned consumer goods . Their team pays cash for cell phones , computers , laptops , smartphones , tablets , and other electronic devices . Next , they inspect , evaluate , certify , and sell them to consumers . Buy Back Pros is simple , effective , green , and available to everyone who has electronics they would like to part with .
Correction : Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at ' A- ' ; Outlook Stable
( The following statement was released by the rating agency ) HONG KONG , June 14 ( Fitch ) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited 's immediate parent . Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited 's ( CUPI ) Insurer Financial Strength Rating ( IFS ) at ' A- ' ( Strong ) . The Outlook is Stable . KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI 's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co. ,
RIO DE JANEIRO , April 5 ( Thomson Reuters Foundation ) - As the world moves towards large-scale plantation agriculture , it 's crucial poor countries protect small farmers to meet the food needs of a growing global population , said a study from Australian researchers published on Wednesday .
More than half of the world 's food is produced by small and medium farmers , particularly in Africa and Asia , said researchers at the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation ( CSIRO ) in Australia .
While large-scale plantation agriculture is expanding , small farms with less than 20 hectares of land should be protected because they produce more diverse and nutritious food , the study said .
`` It is vital that we protect and support small farms and more diverse agriculture so as to ensure sustainable and nutritional food production , '' Mario Herrero , the study 's lead author , said in a statement .
`` Large farms , in contrast are less diverse . ''
Big farms larger than 50 hectares dominate food production in the western hemisphere , Australia and New Zealand , producing more than three quarters of the cereals , livestock and fruit in those regions , the study said .
In South Asia , sub-Saharan Africa and Southeast Asia , small farms produce about 75 percent of the food , the study said .
Enshrining formal land rights for small producers is an effective way of ensuring they can continue farming , previous studies have said .
The world 's food production will need to increase by 70 percent by 2050 , the study said , with the global population forecast to rise to 9.7 billion by then .
Both big and small farms are needed to meet this goal , said the study , but small producers should not be neglected by governments and lenders because they generally produce more nutritious food than their larger counter-parts .
About 70 percent of the world 's population lacks legally registered titles to their land , according to the World Bank , and small farmers in developing countries are particularly affected by insecure land access . ( Reporting by Chris Arsenault @ chrisarsenaul , Editing by Belinda Goldsmith ; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation , the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters , that covers humanitarian news , women 's rights , trafficking , property rights , climate change and resilience . Visit news.trust.org )
Odie : domestic shorthair , male , two years old
Dogs
Hansel : Aussie cross , male , seven years old
Cabrini : Catahoula mix , female , three years old
Dixie : Catahoula mix , female , two years old
Hugo : retriever mix , male , one year old
Pumpkin : Mastiff mix , female , two years old
Bobbi : Malinois mix , female , one year old
Here are the cats available for adoption from Community Animal Allies of Niagara .
Adoption fee is $ 50 for mature cats and $ 125 for kittens .
All cats are spayed/neutered , vaccinated to date , deflead/dewormed and microchipped . CAAN is always looking for foster homes to take care of kittens and cats until they get adopted and volunteers to socialize cats .
Call 289-213-1868 or 905-688-3720 , or visit www.caancatmobile.org .
Charles and Diana : two black kittens , one year old , short hair , black , would like to be adopted together , shy , need some TLC
Peppermint : 10 years old , female , dilute calico , short hair , shy but very sweet
Marigold : one year old , female , long hair , light orange with white , likes to cuddle under blankets
LONDON — After a rare English Premier League swap deal , Alexis Sanchez and Henrikh Mkhitaryan made an immediate impact at their new homes on Saturday .
Sanchez injected a fresh dose of dynamism to Manchester United and scored — immediately after missing a penalty — on debut to beat Huddersfield 2-0 .
Mkhitaryan , who struggled to convince Jose Mourinho of their qualities at United , marked their first Arsenal start by providing three assists — including one for fellow new recruit Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang — in a 5-1 rout of Everton .
When so much focus was on Mkhitaryan and $ 80 million record signing Aubameyang , Aaron Ramsey chose the wrong day to score their first-ever hat trick .
For Arsenal and United , the January signings were made with an eye on next season in the Premier League . Any title aspirations faded long ago .
Even though Manchester City dropped points for only the fourth time this season in a 1-1 draw at Burnley , the leaders still only had their advantage cut to 13 points by United with 12 games remaining .
The tussle to stay in the Premier League is far tighter .
Southampton escaped the relegation zone after winning at West Bromwich Albion 3-2 to end a 13-match winless run in the league .
Swansea is out of the danger zone only on goal difference after drawing with Leicester 1-1 .
But Stoke sunk back into the bottom three after Bournemouth followed up recent fine wins against Arsenal and Chelsea by beating the less illustrious opposition 2-1 . Bournemouth climbed to ninth ahead of Everton , which was at Arsenal in the late game .
WINSTON-SALEM , N.C. — Wake Forest has kicked centre Sam Japhet-Mathias off the team for not meeting unspecified program expectations .
Coach Danny Manning announced Japhet-Mathias ' dismissal Friday night .
Japhet-Mathias is a 6-foot-11 sophomore who played in six games this season , averaging 1.0 points and 1.3 rebounds .
The Demon Deacons play No . 20 Clemson on Saturday .
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity , endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON , June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects .
BRUSSELS Euro zone consumer confidence improved to -3.6 in April , figures released on Thursday showed .
The European Commission said a flash estimate that euro zone consumer morale increased by 1.4 points from -5.0 in March .
In the European Union as a whole , consumer sentiment improved by 0.8 to -3.4 compared to March .
For European Commission data click on :
here
( Reporting by Brussels newsroom )
Plans to transform Rutland Mills into a creative centre with music and arts studios , a hotel and restaurants , will go on display next week .
Developers City and Provincial Properties Investments , who are responsible for London 's Tileyard Studios , will showcase the proposals in the atrium at Wakefield One from October 9 to 13 .
And members of the project team will be on hand to answer queries between 11am and 7.30pm on Monday .
May 2 U.S. oil and gas producer Noble Energy Inc said it would sell all its exploration and production assets in the Marcellus shale field in North West Virginia and South Pennsylvania for $ 1.23 billion .
Transparency Market Research ( TMR ) , a market intelligence and research firm , has recently published a market study on the global market for automotive airbags , estimating that the market to expand at a CAGR of 8.10 % during the period 2014 to 2020 and reach a market value of US $ 29.7 bn by the end of the forecast period .
The worldwide global automotive airbag market stood at US $ 17.2 bn in 2013 , states the research report , titled “ Automotive Airbag Market– Global Industry Analysis , Size , Growth and Forecast 2014 – 2020 ” . The rapid rise in the automotive industry , particularly increasing production of cars , has fueled this market significantly .
Apart from this , the rising awareness regarding safety while driving among consumers has also increased the growth quotient of this market in recent times , the report says . The durability of low-priced airbags is , however , a matter of concern owing to which consumers are showing less interest in them , impacting the global market negatively .
According to the research report , the global automotive airbag market is spread across North America , Asia Pacific , Europe , and the Rest of the World . Among these , the market in Asia Pacific has acquired the leading position.In 2013 , the market for automotive airbags in Asia Pacific had gained a market value of US $ 5.9 bn .
Get Brochure for Latest Advancements and Research Insights https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=4200
On account of the rising demand for automobiles , propelled by increased disposable income and improved standard of living in the region , the automotive airbags market is heading towards a thriving future in Asia Pacific . Analysts have predicted this regional market to register the highest as well as the fastest CAGR of 8.50 % over the forecast period .
Europe is the second largest regional market for automotive airbags . The market is likely to show a steady growth and retain its position since an increasing number of established automotive safety systems manufacturers , such as Autoliv , Delphi , Continental AG , and RobertBosch are domiciled in the region.North America is also expected to witness a stable demand for automotive airbags during the forecast period .
Get a Custom Report https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=CR & rep_id=4200
The U.S. has emerged as the largest automotive airbag market in North America owing to the putting the United States New Car Assessment Program ( US NCAP ) in practice , which assesses and rates cars prior to its launch in the U.S. market.Curtain airbags , knee airbags , front airbags , and side airbags are the major types of automotive airbags available in the global market . The market for front airbags occupies the dominant position in the overall market , states the market study .
The report also maps the competitive landscape of the worldwide automotive airbag market by analyzing the company profiles of the key participants and present the current market hierarchy as well . Autoliv Inc. , Takata Corp. , Delphi Automotive Plc. , Key Safety Systems , TRW Automotive Holdings Corp. , Hyundai Mobis Co. Ltd. , Toyoda Gosei Co. Ltd. , Denso Corp. , Continental AG , and RobertBosch GMBH are the major companies operating in the global automotive airbag market .
Becca Kufrin is addressing the controversy surrounding Bachelorette contestant Garrett Yrigoyen .
Yrigoyen , one of Kufrin ‘ s 28 suitors , has come under fire after allegedly liking offensive posts on Instagram that mock the trans community , a Parkland high school shooting survivor , undocumented immigrants and more .
“ What 's up with Garrett ? He 's come under attack recently over things he 's liked on social media , ” Mario Lopez asks Kufrin in PEOPLE 's exclusive sneak peek of Thursday 's ON With Mario Lopez .
“ I mean , here 's the thing . Is it fair to judge someone based on who they follow , what they like ? That 's not being very open-minded if you 're just going to start to discriminate on someone 's thoughts , ” says Lopez .
Kufrin , who exclusively revealed to PEOPLE that they are engaged to a contestant from this season of the ABC reality series , says that people should n't be quick to judge .
“ I think I have learned so much from this journey . I met 28 guys who our ideals were n't always the same . They have different interests . They have different hobbies , different things that they believe , and that 's what 's been so great about getting to know these guys , because everyone has different viewpoints and that 's what I loved about this journey , ” shares Kufrin , who supported Hillary Clinton and equal rights movements like the Women 's March .
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE ? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox .
California native Yrigoyen 's Instagram has since been deleted , but screenshots taken by former Bachelor contestant Ashley Spivey show messages that are claimed to be from as recent as November 2017 .
In one post allegedly liked by Yrigoyen , a photo shows David Hogg , a student activist and survivor of the mass shooting at Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland , Florida , being referred to as a “ crisis actor . ”
One photo mocks Caitlyn Jenner ‘ s transition ; another seemingly calls out young transgender boys .
“ I just want everyone to watch it back and to get to know these guys and to get to know me for who we really are and not social media , ” Kufrin , 28 , tells Lopez , “ because that 's just a small glimpse into a person and it 's not always reflective of who they are . ”
During the interview with Lopez , Kufrin also addresses their ex-fiance Arie Luyendyk Jr. ‘ s claims that they felt “ 100 percent betrayed ” by ABC for how they were portrayed when they broke off their engagement to Kufrin , weeks after proposing — admitting they still had feelings for runner-up Lauren Burnham .
Luyendyk Jr. claimed ABC told them filming the 40-minute breakup scene would “ make Bachelor Nation fully understood that they were being respectful and just following their heart , ” but the professional racecar driver allegedly did not anticipate the post-production changes .
“ It was completely edited , ” Luyendyk Jr. said . “ I was told to stay on that couch . I tried to leave , and then production was like , ‘ You need to go back inside . She 's finally calming down . I feel like you owe it to them to have this conversation . ' So then I went back in the house , ” they explained .
“ They cut out , obviously , production talking to me from 10 feet away , ” they recalled , adding it “ was super unfair to me . ”
In response , Kufrin says , “ really , what you saw is how it played out . I mean , if it was edited , that would have been great if you could have cut the scenes out where the snot was running down my face and mascara was covering my forehead . ”
“ But no , that really played out to what actually went down , ” they share . “ And you saw the awkward silences , you saw the ‘ get outs , ' you saw all the tears . And so it holds all parties accountable . ”
Download our Bachelorette bracket PDF now to play along with Becca Kufrin 's season of The Bachelorette , which airs Mondays ( 8 p.m . ET ) on ABC .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
BEIJING There is a danger that the situation on the Korean peninsula could escalate or slip out of control , Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi told a senior Russian diplomat .
Wang made the comments during a meeting on the sidelines of a meeting at the United Nations , China 's Foreign Ministry said in a statement on Friday .
( Reporting by Ben Blanchard ; Editing by Clarence Fernandez )
A 7-month-old California girl is dead after police say their 19-year-old mom allegedly drove over the child 's father as they held their infant in their arms following an argument between the couple , PEOPLE confirms .
Authorities arrested Sarah Gomez , of Ontario , on suspicion of murder and attempted murder , according to Ontario police .
The child died at a hospital from injuries sustained in the incident late Monday .
“ It appears alcohol was involved , ” Police Sgt . Jeff Higbee said , the Daily Bulletin reports .
Investigators said that Gomez and their 21-year-old boyfriend had been at a family gathering and drinking a few streets away from their residence when the incident occurred , according to local TV station KTLA .
Detectives are investigating what led up to Sarah Gomez ( 19 ) of Ontario , running over their 21-year-old boyfriend and 7-month-old daughter . The baby died from their injuries . Gomez has been arrested for murder and attempted murder . — Ontario Police Dept . ( @ OntarioPD ) May 29 , 2018
The couple was arguing in the car with Gomez at the wheel when the child 's father got out carrying the 7-month-old , according to station KCAL .
“ That 's when they struck them , ” Higbee said , the Daily Bulletin reports .
The father , who was taken by family members to the hospital along with their child , sustained minor injuries , according to the outlet .
Gomez is being held at the West Valley Detention Center in lieu of $ 100,000 bail , jail records show .
An attorney for them was not immediately identified , nor do those records indicate whether they have entered a plea to the charges against them They are listed as vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence , child cruelty with possible injury or death and driving under the influence .
A car drives past members of the media outside Highgate Cemetery in London , Britain March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Neil Hall
A car drives past members of the media outside Highgate Cemetery in London , Britain March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Neil Hall
LONDON Best-selling British superstar singer George Michael was buried in London on Wednesday in a private funeral some three months after their death on Christmas Day , their publicist said .
Several luxury cars with blacked-out windows arrived and later left Highgate Cemetery in north London , Reuters reporters said . British media said Michael 's mother is buried there .
Born in London in 1963 as Georgios Kyriacos Panayiatou , son of a Greek Cypriot immigrant father and English mother , Michael became one of the best-selling British recording artists of all time . They sold over 115 million records worldwide by the time of their death .
In their career with Wham ! and as a solo singer , their hits included `` Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go '' , `` Last Christmas '' , `` Careless Whisper '' and `` Faith '' , winning them legions of fans .
The outside gates of Highgate Cemetery , the final resting place of such luminaries as communism 's founder Karl Marx , biologist Herbert Spencer , historian Eric Hobsbawm and scientist Michael Faraday , were covered to restrict the view of the private ceremony .
`` Family and close friends gathered for the small , private ceremony to say goodbye to their beloved son , brother and friend , '' a family statement from the singer 's publicist said , without confirming the venue .
`` George Michael 's family would like to thank their fans across the world for their many messages of love and support . ''
Earlier this month , a coroner said the singer , who was part of the hugely popular Wham ! duo in the 1980s before embarking on a successful solo career , died of natural causes .
It said there was no need for further inquiries into their death at the age of 53 .
( Reporting by Sarah Mills and Marie-Louise Gumuchian ; Editing by Tom Heneghan )
U.S. mortgage bonds hold gains after details on Fed balance sheet plan
NEW YORK , June 14 Prices on U.S. mortgage-backed securities clung to their earlier gains on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve signaled it planned to reduce its reinvestments in Treasuries and MBS later this year in a bid to shrink its $ 4.5 trillion balance sheet .
SAN FRANCISCO , April 10 Tesla Inc on Monday briefly became the most valuable U.S. carmaker , reaching a market capitalization of as much as $ 51.105 billion , higher than General Motors 's .
Helped by an analyst 's recommendation , the luxury electric carmaker 's stock rose as much as 3.15 percent to a new record high of $ 313.73 , and its market value was at one point larger than GM 's , which was $ 51.095 billion , before it dropped behind again .
Over the past month , Tesla has surged 35 percent as investors bet that it and Chief Executive Elon Musk will revolutionize the automobile and energy industries .
Tesla 's market capitalization is now equivalent to $ 102,000 for every car it plans to make in 2018 , or $ 667,000 per car sold last year . By comparison , GM 's market capitalization is equivalent to $ 5,000 per car it sold in 2016 .
Proponents believe Tesla will become a carbon-free energy and transportation heavyweight and they argue its valuation is reasonable based on long-term expectations for Tesla 's growth .
They also point to opportunities from Tesla 's acquisition last year of money-losing solar panel installer SolarCity and Tesla 's Nevada battery cell plant aimed at driving down manufacturing costs .
`` Even with all the risks , we think growth investors ca n't afford to ignore this stock , '' wrote Piper Jaffray analyst Alexander Potter in a report on Monday , upgrading Tesla to `` overweight '' from `` neutral '' .
Skeptics believe Tesla 's growth targets are unrealistic and that it is at risk of being overtaken by GM , Ford and other deep-pocketed manufacturers that are ramping up their own electric-vehicle offerings .
Jeffrey Gundlach , who oversees more than $ 105 billion in assets at Los Angeles-based DoubleLine Capital , told Reuters last week : `` As a car company alone , Tesla is crazy high valuation . As a battery company - one that expands and innovates substantially - maybe the valuation can work . ''
The Silicon Valley car company is rushing to launch its mass-market Model 3 sedan in the second half of 2017 and quickly ramp up its factory to reach a production target of 500,000 cars per year in 2018 . Last year it sold 76,230 , missing its target of at least 80,000 vehicles . By comparison , GM sold 10 million cars and Ford sold 6.7 million . ( Editing by Alistair Bell )
( Corrects Sanford Bernstein to Sandler O'Neill in fifth paragraph )
By Suzanne Barlyn
May 2 For nearly two months , American International Group Inc has planned to replace its chief executive but a successor has yet to be named , creating a void that has fueled investor concern about the insurance company 's future .
AIG reports its first-quarter earnings on Wednesday and analysts and investors said they want to know more about AIG 's succession plans . Chief Executive Officer Peter Hancock announced on March 9 that they would depart once the board found a replacement , citing a lack of confidence among directors and investors .
But AIG has said little about the board 's progress since then .
Chairman Douglas Steenland has said that AIG 's board remains committed to the existing turnaround effort , but analysts are doubtful over whether a new CEO would carry out Hancock 's strategy .
`` We need to know , '' said Sandler O'Neill analyst Paul Newsome , of the upcoming CEO pick . `` The lack of a CEO puts the strategy for the company completely in play . There 's a very large chance that with a different CEO , you are going to have a change in the strategy , despite what the board says . ''
Hancock 's resignation plans were announced shortly after AIG reported an unexpectedly wide loss on Feb. 14 , saying the company had underestimated for years the claims it would have to pay for a variety of insurance products .
Wall Street is forecasting brighter results when AIG reports later this week . Analysts expect $ 1.1 billion in quarterly profit , or $ 1.08 per share , on average , according to Thomson Reuters data , a 37 percent increase from the year-ago period .
`` The bad fourth quarter sets them up to a better start for this year , '' said Andrew Kohl , a portfolio manager at Alpine Wood Capital , who owns about 4,000 AIG shares in the financial services fund they oversee .
Kohl , who had sold some AIG stock in January as the insurer 's financial difficulties mounted , started to wade back in after media reports that Brian Duperreault , the current head of Hamilton Insurance Group Ltd , was among those being considered as the new CEO . An AIG spokesperson said the company does not comment on speculation or rumor .
Several of AIG 's largest investors , including Capital Research Global Investors , The Vanguard Group and State Street Global Advisors , would not comment for this story . But some , including funds overseen by American Funds , T. Rowe Price , American Beacon and Invesco , have been buying AIG shares in recent weeks , according to data provided by Lipper .
Even so , as of Monday 's close , the stock was down 2.9 percent since Hancock announced their planned departure . Year to date , AIG shares are down 5.7 percent compared with a 6.7 percent rise in the S & P 500 Index .
YEARS OF TROUBLE
Hancock 's troubles began in 2015 , when billionaire activists Carl Icahn and John Paulson began building stakes and later acquired board seats .
Icahn , who is AIG 's fourth-largest investor , wanted the insurer to split into three parts . Instead , Hancock embarked on a two-year turnaround plan that involved cutting costs and selling off chunks of the company , intending to return $ 25 billion to shareholders . ( reut.rs/1kp8P4I )
Hancock achieved $ 14.3 billion of that goal from the start of 2016 through Feb. 14 .
Experts have said it would be tough to find someone capable who would want Hancock 's job , given the company 's recent performance , its demanding board and financial difficulties in the broader insurance sector .
Even though rising interest rates are helping insurers ' profits , extreme weather claims , lower premiums and weak sales could all weigh on results in the near-term , analysts said . Despite those broader issues , investors said they expect AIG to improve its bottom line , quickly .
`` You ca n't predict the weather , '' said Kohl , `` but you can control other aspects of your business . ''
( Reporting by Suzanne Barlyn ; editing by Lauren Tara LaCapra and Diane Craft )
FILE PHOTO : Migrants stand barefooted after disembarking from a Coast Guard ship in the Sicilian harbour of Messina , Italy August 4 , 2015 . REUTERS/Antonio Parrinello
ROME An Italian prosecutor has evidence of phone calls between Libyan people smugglers and aid groups operating rescue boats , they told newspaper La Stampa , amid growing criticism of non-governmental groups saving refugees off the Libyan coast .
Carmelo Zuccaro , the chief prosecutor of the Sicilian port city of Catania , did not say they would open a criminal investigation , and they gave no details about the evidence .
`` We do n't know if we can use this information during a trial , '' they said .
They were not immediately available for comment on Sunday .
Italy has become the main route for migrants seeking to reach Europe , with 181,000 arrivals last year and some 4,600 estimated deaths at sea . So far this year arrivals are up more than 40 percent on 2016 , and as many as 1,000 have died , the International Organisation for Migration says .
Zuccaro launched a fact-finding investigation into the work of NGO boats in February , and in March told Italy 's parliament they were `` convinced '' smugglers were in direct contact with rescuers , though at that time they said they had no proof .
NGOs , including Save the Children , Proactiva Open Arms and SOS Mediterranee , have rejected the accusations , saying their only objective is to save lives .
Zuccaro 's comments come two days after Italy 's anti-establishment 5-Star Movement said NGOs were providing a `` taxi service '' for migrants , adopting a tough anti-immigrant line similar to right-wing parties such as the Northern League and Forza Italia .
Italy is due to hold a general election before next summer , and most polls show the 5-Star Movement has a narrow lead on the ruling centre-left Democratic Party .
EU border agency Frontex has also criticised the NGOs , saying they make it too easy for smugglers .
Humanitarian rescue boats wait just outside of Libyan territorial waters . Migrants are packed by smugglers onto flimsy rubber boats that struggle to make it to international waters before sinking .
`` More would die if we were n't there , '' Chris Catrambone , who co-founded the MOAS NGO to rescue migrants with their wife Regina , told Reuters .
During a visit to Canada on Friday , Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni cautioned against criminalising NGOs , saying they `` save lives and should be thanked '' .
( Reporting by Steve Scherer ; editing by Susan Thomas )
Toronto has its own stuffed animal going on adventures and just like Paddington Bear , it 's named after a train station .
But the couple who found “ Ossington Bear ” is looking for its rightful owner .
Rhonda Riche and their husband were going out for dinner Monday when they found the abandoned stuffed polar bear on an eastbound TTC subway train at High Park station .
“ We found the bear sitting alone on the subway , half-eaten cookies left behind , ” Riche told the Star . “ We wanted to reunite him , but at the same time were kind of scared because the TTC lost and found office was closed . ”
Instead , the couple turned to Bunz , an online trading platform , to find the toy 's owner — dubbed “ Ossington Bear ” for the station they were heading towards .
“ We thought it would be faster to turn to the power of Bunz , ” they said . “ They 're really great , I 've seen them perform all kinds of miracles , connecting them with lost keys , and bikes , and all kinds of pets , so it seemed like a good place to go to get help . ”
Meanwhile they decided to take the bear for a night on the town .
“ We thought we 'd take them along with us and record their adventures so that when Ossington Bear does get reunited , they would have a nice story to share , to let them know they were well taken care of , ” Riche said .
HJULSTA , Sweden The arrested man suspected by police of killing four people by ramming a truck into crowds in Stockholm is a 39-year-old from Uzbekistan who had been denied permanent residency in Sweden and who had expressed sympathy for Islamic State .
Two sources who had worked with the suspect , Rakhmat Akilov , independently identified them to Reuters from images distributed by police as the manhunt got underway on Friday .
Two police spokespersons declined to confirm their identity as did the suspect 's court-appointed lawyer .
A former co-worker of Akilov contacted by Reuters said Akilov had never expressed any religious views and also said that the man they shared a flat with near Stockholm was said to be `` devastated '' to hear Akilov may be responsible for the attack .
Akilov was detained at around 9 p.m. local time ( 1900 GMT ) on Friday in a northern Stockholm suburb hours after police say they hijacked a truck and ploughed through a pedestrian shopping street in central Stockholm , killing four and injuring 15 .
Police said they had previously turned up in information gathered by Swedish security services . `` He was a marginal character , '' said Sweden 's national police chief Dan Eliasson . They did not figure in any of their investigations immediately prior to the attack .
Police have also said the suspect had shown sympathies for extremist organisations , including Islamic State and that they were wanted for failing to comply with a deportation order after their application for residency was denied .
Akilov 's former co-worker , who had worked with them at a construction company in Sweden and did not wish to be named , said Akilov was a father who sent money home to a wife and several children living in Uzbekistan .
Swedish Security Police spokesperson Simon Bynert said the suspect had been involved in an asylum process in Sweden , but that the security police had not been part of it .
Akilov 's Facebook page shows they were following a group called `` Friends of Libya and Syria '' , dedicated to exposing `` terrorism of the imperialistic financial capitals '' of the United States , Britain and Arab `` dictatorships '' .
The page features two videos , one on the double standards on what constitutes terror and how Muslims are victimised , and the other about a man with their family in the Iraqi city of Mosul calling others to join radical group Islamic State .
Their Facebook page showed they also liked Playboy magazine and Russian tennis player Maria Sharapova . The page suddenly became unavailable on Saturday . `` Sorry , this content is n't available at the moment , '' a message said .
Akilov worked at the construction company for a few months last year .
`` He never expressed any radical or religious views . They were like any normal guy , '' the former co-worker at the company told Reuters .
They said that Akilov 's flatmate in Varberg , south of Stockholm , was devastated and moved out as soon as they heard reports Akilov may have been involved in the attack .
Akilov -- or someone with the same name -- appears to be listed as living at another address in the northern Stockholm suburb of Hjulsta . No one replied to enquiries at that address when a Reuters reporter visited the low-rise red building with white balconies overlooking a children 's playground .
Akilov was also following a group on Facebook calling for the removal of former Uzbek president Islam Karimov , who died last September , as well as a group giving information on how to emigrate to the United States and Canada .
Akilov 's Facebook page listed them as born in the Uzbek city of Samarkand , the central Asian country 's second-largest city and one of the main stops on the ancient Silk Route .
The top picture on Akilov 's Facebook page showed the Sher-Dor Madrasa in Samarkand 's Registan Square .
( Additional reporting by Mansoor Yosufzai , Niklas Pollard , Anna Ringstrom , Johannes Hellstrom , Johan Ahlander Bjorn Rundstrom and Daniel Dickson in Stockholm , writing by Gwladys Fouche and Alister Doyle , editing by Susan Fenton )
BERLIN — Police say a burning bird falling from an overhead electric line set fire to a field in northern Germany that was parched by dry weather , torching some 7 hectares ( 17 acres ) of land .
Police in the Baltic Sea port city of Rostock said witnesses reported that the bird caused a short-circuit in a railway power line and fell to the ground in flames . The neighbouring field then caught fire , and more than 50 firefighters were deployed to tackle the blaze on Tuesday evening .
Farmers in northeastern Germany have been complaining of the effects of a persistent lack of rain over the past two months .
By The Associated Press
The Winona Montgomery Public Library hosted its annual Christmas Pajama Party Monday and Tuesday night . Above : Preschool and Kindergarten age students attended the program Monday night and were treated to a reading of ‘ Twas the Night Before Christmas , read by Holly Bridges from Winona School District . See more photos on page 7 .
-- -
The content you 're trying to view is available for Premium Content Subscribers only . Online subscription options are available and are complimentary to all existing print subscribers of The WINONA TIMES and The CONSERVATIVE .
If you 're an existing subscriber ( print or digital ) and already have your Username and Password , click here : http : //winonatimes.com/user/login
If you 're an existing print subscriber and need to activate your online account , click here : http : //winonatimes.com/existing-subscribers
Live comedy returns to Nottingham Glee Club this weekend with more rising stars of the UK stand-up circuit
On the bill are Ian Smith , Tom Lucy , Jonny Pelham and Nick Doody .
The club is in session on Friday , February 17 and Saturday , February 18 .
For times and ticket details , visit www.glee.co.uk/comedy/nottingham
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Bwx Technologies Inc :
* BWXT AWARDED CA $ 18.6 MILLION CONTRACT FOR NUCLEAR POWER PLANT TUBE FABRICATION
* SUNIT BWXT NUCLEAR ENERGY CANADA HAS BEEN AWARDED A CA $ 18.6 MILLION , FOUR-YEAR CONTRACT TO MANUFACTURE ZIRCALOY-4 SEAMLESS TUBES​
* AWARDED CONTRACT TO MANUFACTURE ZIRCALOY-4 SEAMLESS TUBES FOR SOCIETATEA NATIONALA NUCLEARELECTRICA SA Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
The headquarters of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development ( EBRD ) is seen in London , Britain , November 22 , Britain 2016 . REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth
LONDON Russia has asked for a top level discussion over the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development 's 2014 ban on new Russia lending at the bank 's upcoming meeting in Cyprus next month , an EBRD source told Reuters on Thursday .
`` There is likely to be discussion at the annual meeting , '' the source , who requested anonymity , said . `` It is n't about EBRD re-engagement in Russia , it is about whether the EBRD was compliant with its own rules when board directors gave their political guidance . ''
The bank 's directors gave a `` guidance '' to halt new investment in Russia in 2014 following the imposition of Western sanctions against Moscow for its annexation of Ukraine 's Crimea region .
Russia has already taken the issue to the bank 's London-based board of directors , but by raising it at the annual meeting it will mean it is discussed by national finance ministers and central bank heads that act as EBRD 'governors ' .
`` This has already been discussed once in the board of directors and it was found the bank was compliant ( with its rules ) it is hard to imagine that this situation has changed , '' the source added .
( Reporting by Marc Jones ; editing by Sujata Rao )
DETROIT | January 's U.S. auto sales were a little better than a year ago , but most analysts and automakers predict a small full-year decline despite economic factors that favor the industry .
Automakers reported a 1 percent increase last month to 1.15 million vehicles , according to Autodata Corp .
But Mike Jackson , CEO of AutoNation , the country 's largest dealership group , said late-model used cars coming off leases are pulling buyers from higher-priced new vehicles . Despite tax reform , low unemployment and strong consumer confidence , they see new-car sales falling to 16.8 million from last year 's 17.2 million .
In this Tuesday , June 13 , 2017 , photo , customer Mary Jean Jones looks for a vehicle at Mark Miller Toyota in Salt Lake City . January 2018 U.S. auto sales are expected to grow just a little as rebates and other deals wane after a December buying spree . ( AP Photo/Rick Bowmer ) On this Sunday , Jan. 7 , 2018 , photograph , 2017 and 2018 Mini Coopers sit on a dealer 's lot in Highlands Ranch , Colo. January 2018 U.S. auto sales are expected to grow just a little as rebates and other deals wane after a December buying spree . ( AP Photo/David Zalubowski )
During the past few years , automakers pushed leasing to around 30 percent of sales . Now , Jackson says 4 million well-equipped used cars will be available for an average price of $ 25,000 . “ You have to say ‘ who is going to buy all these things when they come back ? ' ” Jackson said . “ Of course there 's going to be a cannibalization and a substitution . ”
Car sales fell nearly 11 percent while truck and SUV sales were up 8 percent . Here are the numbers released by automakers Thursday :
— Honda Motor Co. said sales were down 1.7 percent to 104,542 . Truck and SUV sales fell 2.5 percent while cars were off just under 1 percent . The CR-V small SUV , in the hottest part of the market , saw a 16.9 percent sales drop .
— Hyundai Motor Co. sales fell 11.3 percent from last year 's record January , to 39,629 . The car-heavy Korean automaker saw Sonata midsize sedan sales tumble 23.7 percent .
— Nissan Group sales rose 10 percent to 123,538 , a January record . Sales were led by the Rogue small SUV , which was up nearly 26 percent to more than 36,000 . Nissan brand sales rose 12 percent but Infiniti luxury sales dropped 8 percent .
— Ford Motor Co. sales fell 6.6 percent to 161,143 , due in part to a decline in sales to rental car fleets . But its average vehicle sales price hit a record $ 37,000 , largely due to a 1.6 percent sales increase for the higher priced F-Series pickup . Car sales were down 23.3 percent .
— General Motors Co. sales rose 1 percent to 198,548 . Buick and Chevrolet posted gains , but GMC and Cadillac saw lower sales . GM 's best-seller , the Chevrolet Silverado pickup , saw a 14.5 percent jump . A new Silverado goes on sale later this year , so GM is discounting the outgoing truck .
— Toyota Motor Corp. posted a 16.8 percent increase to 167,056 vehicles on strong demand for the RAV4 , Highlander and 4Runner SUVs , which hit January sales records . Sales of the revamped Camry midsize car rose 21.3 percent , bucking the SUV trend .
— Fiat Chrysler Automobiles sales were down 13 percent due to reduced sales to fleet buyers . The company sold nearly 133,000 vehicles , led by a 2 percent increase in Jeep sales . But the Chrysler brand fell 21 percent while Dodge was off 31 percent and Fiat dropped 43 percent . The Ram truck brand fell 16 percent .
— Subaru posted a 1.1 percent gain to 44,357 vehicles on record January sales of Crosstrek and Outback SUVs .
— Volkswagen sales were up 5.2 percent to 24,744 . Combined sales of the new Atlas large SUV and Tiguan small SUV hit 10,640 , accounting for 43 percent of VW 's sales .
This story has been corrected to show that last year 's auto sales were 17.2 million .
While many concertgoers were still enjoying the festivities at the Summer Solstice Celebration downtown , a marathon concert had already begun at the Santa Barbara Bowl on Saturday evening .
The concert , headlined by veteran Canadian pop group the Barenaked Ladies , featured three opening acts , all of which BNL has collaborated with in the past .
Boothby Graffoe , a veteran English comedian , singer and songwriter , opened the show . While few people had found their seats by the opening performance , those lucky few in attendance were treated to a hilarious and fascinating set .
The feisty Englishman with big , expressive eyes played sarcastic songs from their new album , Songs for Dogs ' Funerals . Their silly , twisted lyrics and polished comic timing actually veiled their immense musical talent as a singer , guitarist and songwriter .
A special surprise greeted the concert early-birds , when three of the four Barenaked Ladies joined Graffoe , one by one as the set progressed . Playing myriad acoustic instruments , Graffoe led the eventual quartet in a spirited , fun-filled set .
Fans of the three main acts appearing at the Bowl on Saturday describe themselves as geeky pop-music lovers , a genre full of upbeat pop beats with an emphasis on harmonies , much like the Beatles era .
By the time Guster began their 40-minute set , more than half of the crowd still had not found their way to their seats . But those Guster fans who were there were probably the most vociferous and enthusiastic concertgoers of the evening .
The Boston band , formed in 1991 , is also known for their onstage antics and humorous deliveries . But their musical pedigree is impressive , with band members changing instruments during nearly every song . The ambidextrous musicians seemed to be able to switch instruments without missing a beat . The band , faced with a short set window , played at a ferocious pace , cramming as many songs in as they could .
As the sun began to set on the longest day of the year , Ben Folds Five took the stage for a spirited hour-long set .
Ben Folds Five is actually a trio led by master piano player , singer and songwriter Ben Folds . Back with their original band , the group also features bassist Robert Sledge and drummer Darren Jessee . While Ben Folds Five plays music with happy-go-lucky lyrics like others in the genre , their music is a unique mix of elements of classical , jazz and rock that features the animated Ben Folds performing much like a geeky version of Elton John . Ben Folds Five also played at a furious pace during their hour-long set , cramming in as many songs as they could .
By the time Barenaked Ladies took the stage for their 90-minute finale , the skies had darkened and their LED light show burst to life behind the veteran quartet . The Canadian phenomenon has been a band since 1988 and have sold more than 15 million records worldwide .
The band , known for their masterful harmonies ( a la The Beatles ) , played songs off of their latest album , Grinning Steak , as well as their biggest hit songs , including “ Brian Wilson , ” “ If I Had a Million Dollars ” and “ One Week. ” The band had much of the audience dancing thorough their set .
Graffoe made an hilarious appearance as a guest singer , for those who had missed their earlier set , prancing about the stage like a lost deer on a city street . During their encore , the band played their signature medley , which features current dance hits mixed with iconic rock classics . That was followed by another huge hit for the band , “ The Old Apartment . ”
As the 10 p.m. curfew arrived at the Bowl , the band finished up a marathon four hours of one of the most musically pleasing nights of the Bowl so far this season .
— L. Paul Mann is a Noozhawk contributing writer . The opinions expressed are their own .
March 29 In the last four years , North Carolina has become the second largest solar market in the United States , behind only California .
It has installed more solar energy than Texas , which has nearly three times the population ; more than Arizona , which has twice as many sunny days ; and more than New York , which has far more aggressive renewable energy targets .
North Carolina 's solar boom is rooted in a federal law enacted four decades ago – one that has only recently had much impact .
The law is now emerging as a boon for many solar developers in select states , but a nuisance to many power companies , including North Carolina 's top utility , Duke Energy Corp .
The federal Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act ( PURPA ) , passed in 1978 , requires utilities in many states to buy renewable power from small providers – provided they can sell it at a price comparable to power from fossil fuels , such as coal or natural gas .
Because rates and contract terms are set by state utility regulators , that boom is focused on handful of markets - including North Carolina , South Carolina , Montana and Oregon . Sixty percent of the nation 's current PURPA projects are in North Carolina , where state rates and policies favor solar companies .
Nationwide , about 28 percent of U.S. solar projects in development will benefit from PURPA mandates that utilities buy their power , according to industry research firm GTM Research .
For decades , PURPA was essentially irrelevant to the wind and solar industries because their technologies cost far more than power from fossil fuels . But the last decade has brought sharp declines in the cost of solar and wind power , encouraging a surge of renewable power projects from developers who can count on legally mandated contracts with utilities .
“ It 's been really important , ” said Ben Van de Bunt , Chairman of Cypress Creek Renewables LLC , which has developed more solar projects under PURPA than any other company .
UTILITIES LOSE CONTROL , PROFITS
Utilities are n't pleased with the development . They say PURPA is upending their ability to plan , control and profit from new electricity generation being added to their territories .
In North Carolina , Duke Energy wants to slow down the breakneck solar expansion .
On sunny days , the utility now has more solar power in some places than the grid needs , overwhelming some circuits and threatening reliability , the company said . The state 's terms for PURPA contracts , Duke said , require it to pay far more for solar energy than if contracts were let competitively .
Duke reported in a state filing that it is paying between $ 55 and $ 85 per megawatt-hour for the solar energy it must buy under PURPA . A typical solar contract in the United States falls between $ 35 and $ 50 , according to GTM Research .
“ There is a better way to be proactive in figuring out where to put solar , and better pricing for our customers , ” said Rob Caldwell , Duke 's president of renewable energy .
REGULATORY BATTLE GROUND
Duke is now seeking approval from the North Carolina Utilities Commission for shorter-term contracts with solar providers and lower prices for mandated power purchases under PURPA .
Both moves would give solar developers less incentive to build new projects in the state .
The NCUC declined to comment , saying it can not publicly discuss matters pending before the commission .
In other states , including Idaho , Oregon , Utah and Montana , utilities such as NorthWestern Corp and Berkshire Hathaway Inc 's Pacificorp have made similar pleas for relief in reaction to an influx of requests from solar and wind companies to connect projects to their grids .
Solar advocates argue that slashing contract terms to five years from the current 15 years , as Duke has requested , would eliminate the long-term predictability investors need to finance renewable energy projects . They contend that would undermine clean power development just as PURPA has begun to have the effect its drafters originally intended .
`` It was n't a problem until it worked , '' said Adam Browning , executive director of the advocacy group Vote Solar , which has lobbied to preserve PURPA contract terms in several states .
The battle in North Carolina will be hard fought because the state has led the way nationally for solar development under PURPA .
Solar power now accounts for about 3 percent of the state 's electricity , compared with less than 1 percent nationwide . About 95 percent of the North Carolina 's solar projects were developed under PURPA .
Duke has sparred with the solar industry before . Two years ago , solar companies objected when Duke requested shorter contract terms and limitations on the size of projects that would qualify for its standard contract . The state utilities commission denied Duke 's request .
ONE FIRM 'S SOLAR BOOM
North Carolina 's boom in PURPA solar projects has been particularly good for one developer - California-based Cypress Creek .
The company started doing business in North Carolina in 2014 , buying cheap land close to the grid from farmers and then building projects for a captive customer , Duke . The company owns about a quarter of the state 's solar installations , and has another 2.2 GW in the works .
In January , Cypress filed a complaint with the state utility commission after Duke slashed its contract term for larger PURPA projects to 5 years . That dispute is unresolved , and Duke is separately seeking regulatory approval to lower the fixed contract price for smaller projects .
In a January filing , the NCUC said it would consider whether current economic conditions for utilities justify changes in rates and PURPA implementation .
Cypress Creek 's Van de Bunt says the battle in North Carolina is critical .
`` Duke has an extraordinary amount of power in North Carolina , ” they said in an interview . “ If they continue down a path to making solar development difficult to finance , we 'll have a smaller path in North Carolina . ”
In another debate that could roll back gains for solar companies , Duke is also working with state lawmakers to introduce a competitive process for purchasing solar power .
Duke says it is committed to solar energy production , but will continue pushing for more control over project locations , power prices and the amount of solar needed overall for the grid .
`` We 've been growing and growing , '' said Rob Caldwell , president of renewable power at Duke . `` Let 's declare success , but let 's find a more sustainable , balanced approach going forward . '' ( Reporting by Nichola Groom )
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON , June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week 's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon , they said on Wednesday .
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down , the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday , citing people familiar with the matter .
If you 're looking out for Josh Brolin in the upcoming George Clooney film Suburbicon , you 're going to have a hard time spotting him .
Widespread reports had confirmed Brolin would appear in the '50s-set drama but , after they filmed the scenes , Clooney - who directed the feature - made the tough decision to cut the actor completely .
And they did it in an `` awful note '' .
Clooney told Entertainment Weekly Brolin 's scenes were the `` funniest in the movie '' but they just did n't work .
Advertisement
Josh Brolin . Photo / Getty Images Josh Brolin . Photo / Getty Images
`` We shot a couple of scenes with Josh [ playing ] a baseball coach that are really , really funny , '' they said . `` But after we did our first screening , the one thing that became really clear to me was that [ the scenes ] let the air out of the balloon , in terms of the tension in the film .
`` I had to write them this awful note where I just said , 'You 're not going to believe it , but these scenes really do n't work any more . ' They felt bad , and they thought maybe something went wrong , and I said , ' I 'm sending you the scenes , so you can see , they 're actually the two funniest scenes in the movie . ' ''
Clooney - who co-starred with Brolin in the Coen brothers ' 2016 film Hail , Caesar ! - said it was a difficult decision and recalled a similar situation that happened to them after filming scenes for the 1998 film Thin Red Line .
`` I remember sitting there with the editor going , ' F * ck ! I ca n't believe this ! ' But I 've sort of been in the same situation . I did a bunch of scenes in Thin Red Line and then got a call from Terry [ Malick ] , saying , 'We 're cutting out everything except the very last scene . ' I was like , 'Please cut me completely out of the movie ! Do n't leave me in one scene ! ' But , [ on Suburbicon ] , it is one of those where we were just , like , 'There was no option . '
`` He was so great in the film . I never like talking about this kind of things because it can be really unfair to an actor , except to say they were just absolutely great in the movie . ''
They may have been nixed from this project , but Brolin still has some other big movies coming out over the next 12 months including Avengers : Infinity War and Deadpool 2 .
Suburbicon - written by Joel and Ethan Coen - stars Matt Damon and Julianne Moore and is due to hit cinemas in November .
Jimmy Kimmel has been predicting the winners of The Bachelor and The Bachelorette for a while now — and truth be told , he 's pretty darn good at it .
On Tuesday , as per tradition , the late night host issued their predictions for Becca Kufrin ‘ s season following their premiere .
“ This is a big event at our house , ” they said . “ Watching The Bachelorette with my wife is like waking up and finding out you 're married to a soccer hooligan . They watch it with fists curled up in a ball . ”
“ Every season at the beginning of the show , I pick which contestant I believe will go the distance , ” they continued . “ Really , my wife picks them , but I take credit for it . We 're good at this . We 've picked five of the last six winners on The Bachelor and four of the past six on The Bachelorette . It 's why they call me Rosetradamus . ”
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE ? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox .
So which of the 28 guys does Kimmel narrow it down to ? Without further ado , their final four prediction :
“ Ryan , banjo player . Seems like a nice guy , has dimples — Ryan will make it to the hometown visits , ” they said . “ David — even though David dressed as a chicken , they seem like one of the only guys you do n't have to worry might drop a pill in your wine glass . David will be in the final four . And then Blake . Blake seems super cheesy and who could imagine being married to a man named Blake , but Becca said they get each other . They may be the guy they go back to after they dump the guy they pick . And that man will be … Garrett . ”
“ Becca said ‘ I can see Garrett fitting in with my friends and family , ' which means they already see a future with him , ” they pointed out . “ I think Ryan and Garrett will be the top two , and in the end Becca will go with Garrett — until they find out about all the terrible stuff they posted online . Then they will break up . But until then , it will be Becca and Garrett and may God have mercy on us all. ” ( On Tuesday , Garrett — who got the first impression rose — came under fire for allegedly liking several hateful and transphobic memes on Instagram . )
Ryan Craig Sjodin/ABC
David Craig Sjodin/ABC
Blake Craig Sjodin/ABC
Garrett Craig Sjodin/ABC
Download our Bachelorette bracket PDF now to play along with Becca Kufrin 's season , airing Mondays at 8 p.m . ET on ABC .
RELATED VIDEO : The Bachelorette ‘ s Garrett Yrigoyen Under Fire for Allegedly Liking Hateful , Transphobic Memes
While we 'll have to wait for the finale to find out who Kufrin ends up with , they are indeed happily engaged to their final pick .
“ I feel like I finally found my missing puzzle piece , ” they recently told PEOPLE . “ I just ca n't wipe the smile off my face ! ”
“ I wanted someone who is genuine , ” they said , adding , “ someone who can open up and be vulnerable and really show me who they are — and I found that . ”
The Bachelorette airs Mondays at 8 p.m . ET and Jimmy Kimmel Live airs weeknights at 11:35 p.m . ET , both on ABC .
More than once on Keeping Up with the Kardashians , Kendall openly spoke about how they felt more connected to their dad 's side of the family because of their similar “ chill ” personalities . In 2018 , however , a source told PEOPLE that Kendall , Kylie and Brody had drifted apart — and no , there is no bad blood . “ They 're just not that close . They were a lot closer when the girls were younger and before the show blew up and things got so crazy for them , ” the insider shared . “ Initially [ Brody ] was on the show but then they did n't want to go in that direction , so they started spending less time together. ” Regardless , the Jenner siblings have nothing but love for each other . The source added : “ … They do love them and Kendall 's also supported them deejaying at events . There are no bad feelings on their end , but they 've definitely grown apart over the years . ”
A Teen 's Burning Death
In December 2014 , 19-year-old Jessica Chambers was found burning to death on the side of a road in their hometown of rural Courtland , Mississippi .
Chambers , a former high school cheerleader , died from their injuries . Authorities have said they believe they tried to identify their killer as they burned .
In October , a mistrial was declared in the murder trial of Chambers ' acquaintance Quinton Tellis , 29 , who was arrested in 2016 after an extensive investigation and who has maintained their innocence . Prosecutors say they will retry him .
“ I think about them every day , '' Chambers ' father , Ben , previously told PEOPLE .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Frenchman Kevin Mayer led throughout the day to win the world decathlon title on Saturday and fill the void left by Ashton Eaton 's retirement -- although they nearly threw it all away on the pole vault .
German pair Rico Freimuth and Kai Kazmirek took silver and bronze while twice former world champion Trey Hardee was one of more than a dozen of the original 35 starters who dropped out over the course of the notoriously tough contest .
Olympic silver medallist Mayer led from the shot put on Friday morning and looked to be cruising to their first world gold until they decided to skip the opening pole vault heights and enter the fray at 5.10 .
The move nearly proved disastrous as they missed their first two attempts , then grazed the bar on their third .
Despite an unnerving wobble , the bar stayed in place and Mayer avoided a zero score which would have wrecked their chances , instead increasing their lead over Rico
They comfortably came through the javelin and 1,500 metres , the final of the 10 events staged over two exhausting days , to see themselves safely home .
Athletics - World Athletics Championships - Men 's Decathlon Pole Vault - London Stadium , London , Britain – August 12 , 2017 . Kevin Mayer of France . Kai Pfaffenbach
Mayer finished on 8,768 points with Freimuth , with 8,564 and Kai Kazmirek 8,488 , taking the silver and bronze medals .
`` I am so , so tired . I can not even imagine I am the world champion , '' said Mayer . `` The first day was perfect . I am so proud . This competition was so hard . I just wanted to finish it ... I was so anxious . ''
Hardee , fifth overnight , pulled out after a miserable morning in which they failed to pick up any points in the first two events .
They clattered into the third hurdle in the 110 metres hurdles , then produced three foul throws in the discus before calling it a day .
The event was left open by the retirement earlier this year of American Ashton Eaton , who had dominated recently , winning the last two Olympic and world titles .
Canadian Damian Warner , often seen as the man most likely to break Eaton 's dominance , finished fifth .
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity , endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON , June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects .
Swiss National Bank could cut rates more if needed - Jordan
BERN , June 15 The Swiss National Bank ( SNB ) on Thursday left the door open to pushing interest rates further into negative territory if needed after it maintained its ultra-loose monetary policy .
Britain Football Soccer - Arsenal v Manchester City - Premier League - Emirates Stadium - 2/4/17 Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola looks on as Manchester City 's Nicolas Otamendi is in action Action Images via Reuters / John Sibley Livepic
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola has not ruled out a Premier League title push ahead of a showdown with leaders Chelsea next week after their side had to settle for a 2-2 draw at Arsenal on Sunday where the hosts twice came from behind .
City 's point moves them on to 58 after 29 matches , 11 behind Chelsea , whose previously relentless title pursuit was halted with a surprise 2-1 home defeat by Crystal Palace on Saturday .
Second-placed Tottenham Hotspur look most likely to benefit from the leaders ' slip up but Guardiola 's side know they can close the gap to eight points with a win at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday .
`` Anything can happen , '' the Spaniard told Sky Sports . `` We know what we have to do against Chelsea . We 'll head back up to Manchester to prepare , and then head back down to London .
`` We play against a team who are stable in what they do , '' they added . `` We do n't have too much time to prepare . ''
City led Arsenal through Sane 's opener and then Sergio Aguero 's sharp finish but the hosts twice fought back and rescued a point through Theo Walcott and Shkodran Mustafi .
Midfielder Fernandinho was optimistic that Chelsea , who beat City 3-1 away in December , can be pegged back .
`` The Premier League is still open , '' they said . `` We have a tough game at Chelsea away , and to be close to them we have to win that game . We showed we came here to win the game . It was a missed opportunity . ''
( Reporting by Ed Dove ; editing by Ken Ferris )
British soft drinks Britvic is investing more than £100 million at its manufacturing site in Rugby to bolster production .
This latest investment is part of a wider £240 million three-year investment programme in the UK designed to step-change the company 's manufacturing capability .
As part of the Rugby investment , Britvic has recently installed three new can lines , and groundworks have started for a new on-site warehouse and aseptic line which will improve logistics planning and reduce road miles , helping the company to reduce its carbon footprint , the company said .
The new can lines collectively produce 6,000 cans per minute . The state-of-the-art design has led to a reduction in waste , significantly increased production , and gives greater flexibility meaning cans can now be made from aluminium or steel on the same line .
By April , the steel can format will move to aluminium cans removing 8,000 tonnes of metal annually , Britvic said .
Chief Supply Chain Officer Clive Hooper said : “ Rugby has been a home to Britvic for more than 30 years . The site has undergone significant change in that time ; from the 80s when we manually produced drinks , through to the 90s when we moved to full automation , to our position today as the proud owners of some of the fastest can lines in Europe .
“ At every stage , we have worked as a team to drive innovative change and I am looking forward to welcoming new team members to Rugby over the next 12 months as we continue to invest in our Rugby site . ”
( Adds Finance Ministry 's comments , background details )
MEXICO CITY , March 31 Mexico 's finance ministry on Friday cut its 2017 growth outlook for Latin America 's no . 2 economy , flagging uncertainty over U.S. policy , and said it saw inflation ending the year nearly a full percentage point above the central bank 's target range .
It expects the economy to grow between 1.3 and 2.3 percent in 2017 and then rebound to expand 2.0-3.0 percent in 2018 . The ministry had previously projected gross domestic product ( GDP ) growth of 2.0-3.0 percent in 2017 and 2.5-3.5 percent for 2018 .
`` Although weakness in global growth has started to dissipate , uncertainty about the new U.S. government 's policy direction poses downside risks for the Mexican economy , '' the ministry said .
The finance ministry also said it saw annual inflation ending 2017 at 4.9 percent , above the central bank 's target range , before subsiding to 3.0 percent by year-end 2018 .
Mexico 's central bank raised its benchmark interest rate for the fifth time in a row on Thursday , taking borrowing costs to an eight-year high to anchor inflation expectations . But policymakers slowed the pace of hikes on the back of a rally in the peso .
The finance ministry projected the peso would end 2017 at 19 per dollar and 19.1 per dollar in 2018 .
It sees a fiscal deficit of 2.4 of projected gross domestic product this year and a deficit of 2.0 percent for 2018 .
After running primary budget deficits since 2009 , the government said it would post a primary surplus of 0.5 percent of GDP next year .
Total public sector borrowing requirements will amount to 2.5 percent of GDP in 2018 , the finance ministry estimated , 0.4 percentage points lower than its 2017 level .
Mexico 's central bank said on Wednesday it had transferred 321.7 billion pesos ( $ 17 billion ) of its 2016 surplus to the federal government , which will help the country pay down debt this year . ( Reporting by Anthony Esposito and Veronica Gomez ; Editing by Alistair Bell )
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Britain 's top share index sealed its worst week in nine months on Friday after results from BT were met with disappointment and commodities stocks tumbled amid a global equity market sell-off .
The blue-chip FTSE 100 .FTSE index closed down 0.6 percent at 7,443.43 points , its fourth day of straight losses , and suffered its worst weekly decline since late April last year . It mirrored a downturn across equities as investors grew doubtful the year-to-date rally could keep up its recent pace .
“ There 's a global flight to safety out of risk assets , so it 's not just a UK phenomenon , ” Jasper Lawler , head of research at London Capital Group , said .
“ We have had some soft earnings with some quite dramatic falls for individual shares ( which ) have dented a bit of appetite for UK stocks , then we have had the pound which has been generally pretty resilient , pretty strong , ” Lawler added .
Disappointing earnings updates were to blame for the bulk of declines on the day .
BT Group ( BT.L ) shares hit a five-year low before paring losses slightly to close down 2.2 percent , after the telecoms firm reported third quarter earnings .
While BT broadly met expectations , analysts flagged a lack of growth and concerns around its pension scheme .
“ The performance in the Wholesale and Global Services divisions remains stagnant , whilst the pension situation is a concern . Key metrics such as revenues and earnings per share remain patchy and slightly light of expectations , ” Richard Hunter , head of markets at interactive investor , said .
AstraZeneca ( AZN.L ) shares bounced back from an initial slide to lead the FTSE , up 3.1 percent at the close , as analysts focused on stronger earnings despite 2018 guidance that came in below estimates .
Vodafone ( VOD.L ) was a late gainer , ending the session up 2.4 percent after it confirmed talks with Liberty Global ( LBTYA.O ) about potential asset swaps in Europe .
Commodities stocks , which had supported the index early in the session , were the biggest weight by the close , sent down by falling metals prices after strong jobs data boosted the U.S. dollar . [ MET/L ]
The London Stock Exchange Group offices are seen in the City of London , Britain , December 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Toby Melville
Shares in miners Glencore ( GLEN.L ) , Evraz ( EVRE.L ) , Antofagasta ( ANTO.L ) and Anglo American ( AAL.L ) fell 2.3 to 4.3 percent , taking 15 points off the index .
Oil majors were also a drag .
BP ( BP.L ) shares fell 2.4 percent after Norway 's Aker BP ( AKERBP.OL ) , in which BP holds a 30 percent stake , reported fourth-quarter earnings missed forecasts .
BP will report results next week .
Among mid-cap stocks , Provident Financial ( PFG.L ) gained 7 percent after the sub-prime lender appointed its acting chairperson as CEO .
Aerospace and defence electronics group Cobham ( COB.L ) sank 6.4 percent to the bottom of the FTSE 250 , having started the day with a 3 percent gain after it sold its communications unit to Viavi Solutions ( VIAV.O ) for $ 455 million .
Analysts said the sale could hurt Cobham 's margins .
Troubled outsourcer Capita ( CPI.L ) gained 3.6 percent after Morgan Stanley upgraded it to “ equal-weight ” from “ underweight ” .
Capita 's shares have tumbled this week following a big profit warning and dividend suspension .
“ We continue to view Capita as a traditional BPO provider that is competitively challenged , which justifies a discount to its wider peers , ” Morgan Stanley analysts said in a note , referring to business process outsourcing .
“ But with the shares now up with events , we move to Equal-weight . ”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
SAN FRANCISCO Even with the U.S. economy boasting impressive job growth and domestic equity markets near record highs , a fragmented recovery has left many states struggling to close budget deficits nearly a decade after the 2008 financial crisis .
The broad recovery has benefited large , economically diverse states like California and Texas , ratings agencies say , while states heavily dependent on oil revenues , like North Dakota and Alaska , and those like Illinois that are grappling with large unfunded pension obligations , have seen budget deficits bloom .
That has left those struggling states with painful decisions over spending cuts and tax increases , and ill prepared to deal with another economic downturn or cuts to federal money tied to the Medicaid program .
S & P Global has downgraded 11 states compared to just two upgrades since January 2016 . It has 11 states on negative outlook , which means the ratings agency believes more than 20 percent of states are in danger of a credit downgrade .
The uneven nature of the bounce back is unusual in post-recession U.S. economic history , analysts said .
`` The economy is showing signs of strength . The stock market is at a record high , the Federal Reserve has raised ( interest ) rates , and economists predict growth will continue , '' said Gabe Petek , an analyst with S & P Global .
`` But when you look back to the state sector , many continue to lag their forecasts or are projecting budget gaps , '' they said .
Half of the states face budget shortfalls despite overall economic growth and lack the revenue needed to maintain services at existing levels in 2018 , according to a recent report by the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities ( CBPP ) .
LOW-PAYING JOBS
Despite a national unemployment rate of just 4.9 percent , or less than half of a 2010 peak , growth has been in the kind of jobs that do little to boost state revenues reliant on higher income and sales tax receipts .
States have been adding low-wage and part-time jobs , a reality that some state lawmakers have yet to catch up to when making budget forecasts .
Despite seeing its unemployment rate fall steadily since 2010 , Maryland still had to address a $ 400 million revenue shortfall in its $ 43.5 billion state budget last month .
Job growth in the health care sector , for example , has centered on low-wage home health care aides , said Nick Samuels , an analyst at Moody 's Investors Service .
An increase in leisure and hospitality industry jobs has also helped push down the unemployment rate without translating into the flood of revenue for state tax coffers that relatively higher-paying professional and business services positions would typically provide , they said .
And some states that have failed to add higher-paying jobs have also had to grapple with population shifts as workers seek better employment elsewhere , further pressuring tax revenues .
Illinois , a state with a record 22-month budget stalemate , has $ 12.7 billion in unpaid bills and an unfunded pension liability of $ 130 billion . It saw its population shrink 0.6 percent between 2013 and 2016 , according to Moody 's , while at the same time the national population increased 2.2 percent .
Increasing revenue from taxes becomes more difficult as the population declines , adding another layer of fiscal pressure .
OILY STRUGGLES
Among the states struggling the most to close budget gaps are oil producers and refiners like Oklahoma , Louisiana , North Dakota and Alaska , which rely on taxes on energy production and often high-paying oil industry salaries to help fill state coffers . They were hit hard by the collapse of oil prices beginning in mid-2014 .
Despite a modest rebound this year , U.S. light crude oil , which settled at $ 51.70 a barrel on Wednesday , still lags the soaring highs of over $ 100 hit during the summers of 2013 and 2014 . CLc1
Falling crude prices had also brought expectations that lower gasoline prices would fuel consumer spending on other items and net some states higher sales tax revenues . That boost did not materialize , however , as consumers instead held onto their extra disposable income .
`` The recession was so deep that it had a lasting impact and people are holding on to some of that additional disposable income that they are seeing because of the low gas prices , '' said Emily Raimes , an analyst at Moody 's .
( Reporting by Rory Carroll ; Editing by Daniel Bases and Meredith Mazzilli )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
MELBOURNE Australia pace spearhead Mitchell Starc and batsman Chris Lynn have been named as part of a formidable squad for next month 's Champions Trophy in England and Wales despite nursing injuries .
Starc was forced to pull out midway through the India tour last month with a fractured foot while Lynn has been sidelined with a shoulder injury during the Indian Premier League .
Both are expected to be fit for Australia 's opener on June 2 against New Zealand .
`` Our medical staff will continue to monitor Mitchell and Chris 's recovery from their respective injuries but we are hopeful they will be fit in time for the team 's departure on May 18 , ” selector Trevor Hohns said in a media release .
James Faulkner , man-of-the-match in the 2015 World Cup final against New Zealand , has been omitted from the 15-man squad named on Thursday , with selectors opting for all-rounders Moises Henriques , Glenn Maxwell and Marcus Stoinis .
Young fast bowler Pat Cummins and James Pattinson , on the comeback trail after suffering stress fractures in their back , were included in an imposing pace battery along with Josh Hazlewood and John Hastings .
`` Both James and John have made very good returns from injury and are bowling well for their respective teams in the English county competition as well as both contributing well with the bat , '' Hohns said .
`` When you also add Mitchell Starc , Josh Hazlewood and Pat Cummins to the fast bowling artillery it becomes a very exciting proposition for Australian cricket . ''
Legspinner Adam Zampa is the sole specialist spinner in the squad , while batsmen Usman Khawaja , George Bailey and Peter Handscomb have missed out .
World champions Australia , who lost their top ranking to South Africa earlier this year , will bid for their third win in the quadrennial one-day international tournament after back-to-back triumphs in 2006 and 2009 .
Squad :
Steve Smith ( captain ) , David Warner , Pat Cummins , Aaron Finch , John Hastings , Josh Hazlewood , Travis Head , Moises Henriques , Chris Lynn , Glenn Maxwell , James Pattinson , Mitchell Starc , Marcus Stoinis , Matthew Wade , Adam Zampa
( Reporting by Ian Ransom ; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty/Peter Rutherford )
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Britain 's smaller banks are lining up to apply for multi-million pound grants the government hopes will help them compete in the corporate banking market .
Storm clouds are seen above the Canary Wharf financial district in London , Britain , August 3 , 2010 . REUTERS/Greg Bos/File Photo
For years the government has wanted to reduce the dominance of big banks in the small-to medium-sized business ( SME ) banking sector . The four largest — HSBC ( HSBA.L ) , Barclays ( BARC.L ) , RBS ( RBS.L ) and Lloyds Banking Group ( LLOY.L ) — control over 70 percent of business current accounts .
Royal Bank of Scotland was directed by the government and the European Commission to set up two funds worth a combined 775 million pounds following its 45.5 billion pound bailout during the financial crisis , seen as an unfair boost to RBS .
“ A consequence of the 2008-9 crisis was that there was huge consolidation in financial services , ” said Anne Boden , CEO of digital Starling Bank , which launched in 2014 .
Applications for grants from the funds open next year . One , worth 350 million pounds , will be used to encourage customers to switch providers , while the other 425 million pound fund will help challenger banks invest in their SME offerings .
The fiercest competition is expected to be over six grants making up the bulk of the second fund and focussed on current or soon-to-be business current account providers .
NEW ENTRANTS
At least 12 banks are likely to be eligible for just the first two pools of funding containing the six biggest grants .
Virgin Money ( VM.L ) and Starling Bank have set out plans to enter business banking in recent months while the CEO of app-based bank Monzo told Reuters it was now also tempted to move into the sector , having previously ruled this out .
Virgin Money will be able to bid for a pool of grants including one worth 15 million pounds and two worth 15 million pounds and open to firms new to the sector .
Its Chief Commercial Officer Hugh Chater recently told investors that its proposition , offering customers access to partners ' services , would provide a “ compelling case ” for funding .
Starling plans to have its service off the ground before it applies , allowing it to bid for one of the three biggest grants ranging from 60-120 million pounds and earmarked for firms already up and running . Unsuccessful firms will be considered for other pools of grants .
“ We are very uniquely placed in this ... and confident of our ability to win , ” said Starling 's Boden , while agreeing competition was heating up .
“ I think that ( the funds ) are probably not enough . It could have been much more . ”
An employee is seen walking over a mosaic of pound sterling symbols set in the floor of the front hall of the Bank of England in London , Britain 25 , 2008 . REUTERS/Luke MacGregor/File Photo
Another digital player Tandem is set to acquire a banking license and business banking unit if its takeover of Harrods Bank is approved and plans to apply for all four pools of funds on offer .
“ It ( competition ) is kicking off now , ” said Ricky Knox , CEO of Tandem .
“ It 's not reached a scale where there is serious acknowledgement of it , but we 're going to see a really interesting 2-3 years . ”
Clydesdale and Yorkshire Bank ( CYBG ) ( CYBGC.L ) , TSB and Metro Bank ( MTRO.L ) are also in the running .
FILE PHOTO : FILE PHOTO : Royal Bank of Scotland signs are seen at a branch of the bank , in London , Britain December 1 , 2017 . REUTERS/Peter Nicholls/File Photo
CYBG is currently piloting a business e-lending service and expanding in Birmingham and the West Midlands , moves that set it up to apply for the three biggest grants .
TSB also has plans to expand . Its CEO Paul Pester said in November it will be at the “ front of the queue ” for funding .
SANTANDER IN THE MIX
Santander fits the criteria , but its eligibility has drawn criticism given its parent , Spain 's Banco Santander ( SAN.MC ) , is one of the world 's biggest banks .
Santander UK CEO Nathan Bostock said the bank has the reputation and proven capability required to convince customers to switch .
“ We will create some things we feel will help customers make that choice , ” they added , referring to new products or services the bank will offer as part of its application .
Bostock noted that it has historically been very difficult to win market share from the big four banks . They have dominated the market since 1970 , according to a 2016 government report , and suffered relatively little erosion of their market share despite numerous entrants to the market .
Switching rates remain low , at about 4 percent in 2014 according to the Competition and Markets Authority , despite thousands of firms being mistreated by major lenders in the past . Some accuse RBS of pushing them into bankruptcy to pick up assets on the cheap during and after the financial crisis .
The grant scheme was set up as an alternative way to boost competition after RBS found it was unable to sell its business banking unit Williams & Glyn .
The plan targets a transfer of 3 percent market share from RBS to challenger banks . The unit has around 220,000 SME customers .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
LAGOS , April 28 The Nigerian arm of Abu Dhabi telecom group Etisalat is meeting lenders in London on Friday for talks on restructuring a $ 1.2 billion debt , Access Bank CEO said .
Access Bank is one of the lenders in the consortium . Access CEO Herbert Wigwe said the meeting was continuing and they expected to get the results of the discussions next week . ( Reporting by Chijioke Ohuocha ; Editing by Adrian Croft )
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down , the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday , citing people familiar with the matter .
HEART-RACING RIVER RUNNIN ' This Boat 's Going Way Too Fast For A River This Twisty
Oh sure , it 's fine . Have your phone out , with no case , while the boat makes these crazy-tight turns . Nothing could possibly go wrong .
By Abby Hassler
Today ( June 14 ) , Queens of the Stone Age announced the impending release of their seventh studio album , Villains . This will be the band 's first LP since their 2013 …Like Clockwork .
Related : Queens of the Stone Age Tease New Album , Reveal Song Titles ?
The band also released an album trailer , which was directed by Liam Lynch , to reveal the album 's title and a snippet of the record 's first single , “ Feet Do n't Fail Me. ” In the video , frontman Josh Homme and the band have to take a polygraph test where they try to deny the record 's title .
Villains are produced by Mark Ronson and does not have a release date as of yet .
Watch the album preview video below .
In a galaxy not so far , far away—the South of France—George Lucas now has a new plot of land .
In late April , the Star Wars creator quietly purchased a historic chateau with a working vineyard in the Var in Provence for $ 11.2 million . Their new estate is directly north of Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie ‘ s Château Miraval , local newspaper Var Matin first reported on Sunday .
This is the latest addition to their Skywalker Vineyards collection , which already owns properties in California and Italy .
Margüi consists of 253 acres , including 33 acres of vineyards . Separated by fields of forest from the Château Miraval estate , Margüi enjoys similar micro-climate conditions and under previous owners , it has produced award-winning rosé , and excellent ( and largely rare for the Var region ) red and white wines . Like Pitt and Jolie 's , the property also has olive groves , producing estate oil .
RELATED : Angelina Jolie Eats Scorpions and Tarantulas with Them Kids in Cambodia
The door-to-door drive between chateaux is approximately two miles . A one lane blacktop departmental road passes alongside both estates .
FROM PEN : Try Our Amazing Never Watered Down Bloody Mary
According to Var Martin , Lucas also plans to add a small hotel to the property and has already received planning permission from the local council . This will require another $ 17.7 million in upgrade and construction , and increase full-time estate staff from 3 to 15 .
Want the ultimate dish on the latest celebrity food news , plus exclusive recipes , videos and more ? Click here to subscribe to the People Food newsletter .
Despite announcing their split in September , Jolie and Pitt have both maintained ownership of Château Miraval , where they were first married in 2014 .
April 20 Scorpio Bulkers Inc
* Scorpio Bulkers Inc. announces financial results for the first quarter of 2017
* Q1 adjusted loss per share $ 0.23 excluding items
* Q1 GAAP loss per share $ 0.48
* Q1 earnings per share view $ -0.25 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Scorpio Bulkers - TCE revenue was $ 34.6 million for Q1 of 2017 compared to $ 10.2 million during prior year quarter
* Scorpio Bulkers Inc- During Q1 of 2017 , recorded write down on assets held for sale $ 17.1 million related to sale of two kamsarmax vessels
* Scorpio Bulkers Inc says TCE revenue per day was $ 8,608 and $ 3,404 for Q1 of 2017 and 2016 , respectively
* Scorpio Bulkers Inc - During Q1 of 2017 also recorded a $ 0.6 million adjustment related to vessels previously sold Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
HOUSTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. oil producer Chevron Corp posted a lower-than-expected quarterly profit on Friday as sales slumped in its international refining business , sending shares down nearly 2 percent .
The miss in profit comes the same day that rival Exxon Mobil Corp reported lower-than-estimated earnings , also due to trouble in its refining arm , fueling concerns a weak spot could be emerging in the industry just as oil prices rise .
Chevron posted fourth-quarter net income of $ 3.1 billion , or $ 1.64 per share , compared with $ 415 million , or 22 cents per share , a year ago . Chevron recorded a $ 2 billion noncash benefit in the period related to the recent U.S. tax overhaul .
Excluding the tax change and other one-time items , Chevron earned 72 cents per share . By that measure , analysts expected earnings of $ 1.22 per share , according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S .
Production rose 3 percent to 2.7 million barrels of oil equivalent per day . Its international refining division recorded a 77 percent drop in profit due to lower margins on gasoline and other products .
Mike Wirth became Chevron 's chairperson and chief executive officer on Thursday , replacing the retiring John Watson .
The company is slated to hold a conference call with investors on Friday morning .
Chevron boosted its quarterly dividend this week by 4 percent .
Shares fell 1.8 percent to $ 123.25 in early trading .
LAKE BUENA VISTA , Fla. — No matter how much their fans imagined Giancarlo Stanton bashing balls over the Green Monster , the Boston Red Sox never came close to getting the NL MVP .
But does anyone really expect the Red Sox or the Cubs and other top contenders to stand still after seeing the slugger join the dreaded New York Yankees ?
`` We 're looking for a middle of the order bat , '' Dave Dombrowski , Boston 's president of baseball operations , said Monday at the winter meetings . `` That has n't changed . First base or DH . ''
A couple of big hitters just happen to be available , too .
J.D . Martinez , who launched four home runs in a game for Arizona last season , is a free agent . So is Eric Hosmer , coming off a career year in Kansas City .
Who knows , maybe the Cubs think bopper Kyle Schwarber might fit better somewhere else . Chicago already seems to have a target at this swap-and-sign gathering : pitcher Alex Cobb , who could possibly take Jake Arrieta 's spot in the rotation for the NL Central champs .
Remember , Dombrowski pulled off a lightning strike at these meetings last year , getting ace Chris Sale from the White Sox . And certainly the Red Sox could use power — they won the AL East despite hitting a major league-low 168 homers .
Stanton thumped 59 homers for Miami . With a no-trade clause in their contract , they gave the Marlins a list of teams where he 'd be willing to go — Yankees , Astros , Dodgers and Cubs , the clubs that reached the AL and NL Championship Series .
`` They 're winners . They 're young and they 're in a good position to win for a long time , and I lost for a long time , '' the 28-year-old outfielder said . `` So I want to change that dynamic and be a winner . ''
Dombrowski said the Red Sox were n't in the Marlins mix , with Mookie Betts , Jackie Bradley Jr. and Andrew Benintendi in the lineup .
A version of this article originally appeared on EW.com .
In just seven episodes , Big Little Lies unspooled a tense murder mystery and provided whip-smart commentary on the daily absurdities of family life . “ It 's always tricky blending tones , ” says showrunner David E. Kelley . “ You do n't want those comedic beats to steal the thunder of your dramatic through lines , and you do n't want the severity of the dramatic points to snuff out the fun . ”
Fortunately , it worked : The show earned 16 Emmy nominations , including Best Limited Series and a Best Writing for a Limited Series nod for Kelley . They credit Big Little Lies ' successful tightrope walk to their colleagues , all Emmy-nominated for their roles in the project themselves : director Jean-Marc Vallée ( Wild ) along with stars Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman , who pulled double duty as producers .
EW chatted with Kelley about the show 's “ surprise ” success , what the skilled cadre of actors — also including Laura Dern , Shailene Woodley , and Zoë Kravitz — brought to their roles , and whether they think the limited series might get the second season some fans are craving .
ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY : Now that we 're a few months out from Big Little Lies , what kind of responses have you received ? Has anything surprised you ?
DAVID E. KELLEY : It 's all been a surprise . You never know how these things will turn out . You sit down and you write them because you like them , and you congregate a cast and a crew that also responds to the material , and you make it to the best of your ability , and then you throw it out there , and you kinda cross your fingers and duck .
The first reward that you get is if we all like it and believe in what we made , so we had that . But in terms of the reaction to it , it 's just a big guess . So it was a surprise that it caught on with such a frenzy , but as surprises go , one of the better ones .
What are some of the scenes that you 're proudest of ?
The ones that were the most difficult to write and the most disturbing to me were obviously the ones involving Celeste and the violence and domestic abuse . That was just tough stuff to wade into . It was really , I know , equally difficult — probably more so — for Nicole to play , and for Jean-Marc to direct . But there was some gratification when I saw it on the screen to see how well they had executed it . It was very powerful . We ended up being pretty proud of the depiction of it .
Let 's see… the finale . I loved the juxtaposition of suspense and music and love and murder . That was a big challenge to pull all that off in 60 minutes . I sat back and marveled at how well Jean-Marc balanced all those story lines and blended those tones .
Finales can be so divisive , but for the most part , I felt like people agreed this one was extremely satisfying .
I give great credit to Jean-Marc on that , because they just did masterful work . I remember after the script was written , they came back and said , “ Okay , can we try and tell this with the camera as opposed to words , and fill in some of this with subtext as opposed to text ? ” And by that time — well , we had an almost immediate trust . By show seven , I really felt the series was more their baby than anybody 's . When I saw what they did with it and how they brought that home , it was pretty thrilling .
When you 're dealing with such a talented ensemble cast like this , do you want to play to their strengths , or do you want to give these actors a challenge they 've never had ?
In terms of this series , I was trying to be very faithful to a book that I quite loved . Then we attracted a pretty great cast , and you see that they have gifts and strengths , and you want to avail yourselves to them . With Reese 's role , Madeline was the protagonist , they were the antagonist , they were a scorned lover , they were a parent , they were a busybody — they had so many hats to wear , all of them involving different tones . It took a great deal of preparation by Reese and real impeccable execution , because they had to go from being emotional one moment to funny the next to bullying in the next .
With Nicole , they were so gifted in their subtextual abilities , to be able to tell a story with their face , that when we were writing some of those scenes , especially the therapist scenes , we did n't have to give their words because they were so able to convey emotion — conflict , surprise , betrayal — just with their reactions . That 's a real luxury for a writer to have an actor with that kind of skill set .
With Renata , they probably became a little bit bigger in the series , and a little bit funnier , because Laura Dern has those dramatic and comedic muscles , and can shift on a dime . And they have that quality where they can be the antagonist , that character you disapprove of at every turn , and at the same time , she 's becoming more and more beloved with each scene . That , again , is a difficult trip . They brought such a heart and humanity to that character that even though they were the antagonist to our main players , your heart went out to them
WATCH : Nicole Kidman Felt ‘ Humiliated ' After Filming Raw ‘ Big Little Lies ' Sex Scenes : ‘ It Affected Me In A Deep Way '
So when you have five of your cast members being nominated for Emmys — some of them against each other — does it feel like a kind of Sophie 's choice for you ?
[ Laughs ] Well , I do n't know . I 'm just happy for everyone . It 's all icing on the cake , and it actually makes it more fun , because it was such an ensemble piece . This was such a selfless group through and through , so to see everybody get rewarded was very nice .
I thought the limited series was the perfect medium for this material . And your other shows , Goliath and Mr. Mercedes , also have these tight , short seasons . Is there more freedom in that for you ?
Well , there 's more free time ! There is freedom in the storytelling , because without having to write a franchise that has to live in perpetuity , you can go places faster , and you can burn more brightly if you have to , because you do n't have to keep the star burning for a hundred episodes , to keep characters redeeming . You can play to their flaws if it 's a shorter run . And you can be a little bit tighter in your plots . I 've really enjoyed the limited series format .
I have to ask the season 2 question . What are your thoughts on doing one ?
We do n't know yet . We 're kicking it around . If we feel that the material warrants it , we 'll do it . Everybody 's game for getting the band back together , but we want to make sure that we 've got the music to justify it . That decision has n't been made yet , and it 'll be story-driven when it is .
From what Reese and other people have said , it sounds like it 's up to whether Liane Moriarty has a story idea .
Correct .
With Mr. Mercedes and with Big Little Lies , the authors were n't really involved in your adaptations . But would season 2 end up more collaborative if it 's based on a new story from Liane ?
It could be . I 'm certainly open to it . I think [ Moriarty ] , for the book , was game to say , “ Okay , it 's your baby . Run with it now. ” But she 's a great writer , and they also write excellent dialogue , so if they wanted to jump over to the screenwriting side of the fence , we 'd welcome them
On that note , are you trying to get in on the Truly Madly Guilty adaptation with Reese and Nicole now ?
No , not yet . I 've just read the book , but there 's other stuff on our plate before turning to that .
I have to ask you , as an Ally McBeal superfan : With all these older shows getting rebooted , do we have any hope ?
Oh , I do n't know . Again , it 's not on my front burner . We did it once and loved doing it , but that might be hard to do again .
This article originally appeared on Ew.com
May 2 Merck & Co Inc reported a 1.3 percent rise in quarterly revenue , helped by higher demand for its key immuno-oncology drug Keytruda .
Net income attributable to Merck rose to $ 1.55 billion , or 56 cents per share , in the first quarter , from $ 1.13 billion , or 40 cents per share , a year earlier .
Total revenue climbed to $ 9.43 billion from $ 9.31 billion . ( Reporting by Natalie Grover ; Editing by Savio D'Souza )
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ASHLAND , Va. -- A longtime customer of Brick Oven Bistro in Ashland is crediting the owner with saving their lives .
Scott Bodde was eating lunch with their son at the Hill Carter Parkway eatery Thursday when they began choking on their club sandwich .
`` While I was eating I laughed a bit and pulled a piece of food in the back of my throat , '' Bodde remembered . `` It completely blocked my throat and I could n't breathe at all . ''
Restaurant Owner , Sam Mirshahi , was making the rounds through to each of their tables when they spotted Bodde waving their arms .
`` Sam just happened to be walking by right at that time , '' Bodde said . `` He immediately went behind me and started the Heimlich maneuver . ''
Bodde said it took Sam a half dozen tries to dislodge the bread from their throat before it was knocked loose .
`` After they cleared my throat I gave them a hug and thanked them over and over , '' Bodde said .
Bodde and their family returned to the 14-year-old establishment to personally thank Mirshahi , again .
`` I owe you my life , '' Bodde told Mirshahi .
`` No , no , no , '' Mirshahi replied . `` I appreciate you all . ''
Thankfully , Mirshahi had all of their employees trained to give a choking customer the Heimlich maneuver about a year ago .
`` The Bodde 's are very nice people , '' Mirshahi said . `` I love them and he 's okay so that 's all that matters . ''
Bodde said there was n't a tip large enough they could give to thank the man who they credit with keeping them alive .
`` Everything was in the right place at the right time and I owe those people there my life for sure , '' they said .
ISLAMABAD Three women dressed in burqas killed a man who had been accused of blasphemy in 2004 in a northeastern Pakistani town , police said on Thursday , the second brutal killing over alleged insults to Islam in a week .
Blasphemy is a highly charged topic in Pakistan where there have been at least 66 murders over unproven allegations since 1990 according to figures from a Centre for Research and Security Studies report and independent records kept by Reuters .
The country 's strict blasphemy laws carry sentences ranging from small fines to the death penalty .
The women entered the home of Fazal Abbas , a faith healer and a leader of the minority Shia community in the small city of Sialkot , and asked them to perform a spiritual ritual during which one of them shot them in the chest , police told Reuters .
Abbas was accused of blasphemy in 2004 by members of a hard-line conservative group after which they fled to Denmark , their cousin Azhar Hussain and police inspector Nadeem Afzal said .
`` He returned recently with the conviction that they would prove their innocence in court and had been granted bail by a local judge , '' Hussain said .
Police say that one of the women acted as an instigator , persuading the other two to carry out the act and identifying Abbas as a blasphemer .
`` It is their personal act , and I could not find their link to any religious group , '' inspector Afzal said .
However , Abbas ' family believe that a hard-line religious group incited the women to track down their victim and pull the trigger .
On April 13 a mob beat student Mashal Khan to death when blasphemy accusations spread across a university campus in the northern city of Mardan . Police are now investigating a number of university students and faculty for their involvement in a brutal attack that shocked the entire nation .
In 2011 , a bodyguard assassinated Punjab provincial governor Salman Taseer after they called for reforming blasphemy laws .
Taseer 's killer , executed last year , has been hailed by religious hardliners as a martyr to Islam and a shrine has been erected at their grave .
Recently , fighting blasphemy has also become a rallying cry for the government .
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif issued an order last month for the removal of blasphemous content online and `` strict punishment '' for those found guilty of posting such content .
( Writing by Saad Sayeed ; editing by Ralph Boulton )
FILE PHOTO : Labourers work at a construction site in the Israeli settlement of Ramot in an area of the occupied West Bank that Israel annexed to Jerusalem January 22 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ronen Zvulun/File photo
FILE PHOTO : A general view shows the Israeli settlement of Ramot in an area of the occupied West Bank that Israel annexed to Jerusalem January 22 , 2017 . REUTERS/Ronen Zvulun/File photo
JERUSALEM Israel intends to build 15,000 new settlement homes in East Jerusalem , the Housing Ministry said on Friday despite U.S. President Donald Trump 's request to `` hold back '' on settlements as part of a possible new push for Israeli-Palestinian peace .
A formal announcement of the settlement plan , quickly condemned by the chief Palestinian negotiator , could come around the time Trump is scheduled to visit Israel next month .
Israel views all of Jerusalem as its `` eternal and indivisible capital '' , but the Palestinians also want a capital there . Most of the world considers Jerusalem 's status an issue that must be decided through negotiations . The last peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians collapsed in 2014 .
Housing Minister Yoav Galant told Israel Radio that their ministry and the Jerusalem Municipality had been working on the plan for two years , with proposals for 25,000 units , 15,000 of which would be in East Jerusalem , which Israel captured in the 1967 Middle East war and later annexed .
`` We will build 10,000 units in Jerusalem and some 15,000 within the ( extended ) municipal boundaries of Jerusalem . It will happen , '' they said .
Saeb Erekat , the Palestinians ' chief negotiator , said Israel 's move was a systematic violation of international law and a `` deliberate sabotage '' of efforts to resume talks .
`` All settlements in occupied Palestine are illegal under international law , '' they said in a statement . `` Palestine will continue to resort to international bodies to hold Israel , the occupation power , accountable for its grave violations of international law throughout occupied Palestine . ''
Channel 2 news said an announcement on building could be made on `` Jerusalem Day '' which this year , according to the Hebrew calendar , falls on May 24 , when Israel celebrates its capture of the eastern part of the city .
This year marks the 50th anniversary , with a large number of celebrations planned . Trump 's visit is expected to take place on or shortly after May 22 .
Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of a state they hope to establish in the occupied West Bank and the Hamas-ruled Gaza Strip . Trump told Reuters in an interview at the White House on Thursday that they wanted to see a peace deal .
`` I want to see peace with Israel and the Palestinians , '' they said . `` There is no reason there 's not peace between Israel and the Palestinians - none whatsoever . ''
The U.S. leader met Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in Washington in February and is to see Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas at the White House on May 3 .
In January , two days after Trump took office , Netanyahu said they were lifting restrictions on settlement construction in East Jerusalem , just as the city 's municipality approved building permits for hundreds of new homes .
During Barack Obama 's presidency , Netanyahu 's government came under repeated censure for building in settlements , which the previous U.S. administration saw as an obstacle to peace . Under Trump , Netanyahu expected more of a green light to ramp up settlement building , but it has n't been straightforward .
While Trump has said they do not think settlements are necessarily an obstacle to peace , they did directly ask Netanyahu during a White House press conference in February to `` hold back on settlements for a little bit '' .
In 2010 , Israel announced its intent to build homes in East Jerusalem during a visit by then-Vice President Joe Biden , who condemned the plan . It caused huge embarrassment to Netanyahu , who suspended the plan before reintroducing it in 2013 .
Most countries consider settlement activity illegal and an obstacle to peace . Israel disagrees , citing biblical , historical and political connections to the land - many of which the Palestinians also claim - as well as security interests .
The East Jerusalem neighbourhoods where building is planned are Givat Hamatos , East Talpiot , Ramot , Pisgat Zeev , Neve Yaakov , Ramot Shlomo , Gilo and Atarot . These areas extend in an arc from north to south around the eastern side of Jerusalem , forming something of a buffer with the West Bank .
( Writing by Ori Lewis ; editing by Luke Baker and Mark Heinrich )
HAVE N'T HERD THIS ONE Captivated Cows Slowly Gather Round To Listen To A Man Play Their Accordion
Because it 's the polite thing to do when someone is sharing their talent with you .
Galway Bay fm newsroom – The Association of Catholic Priests will gather in Tuam next week ( Wed 11/7 ) ahead of the Papal visit .
The theme of the meeting focuses on what the group wants to say to Pope Francis about the Irish Church .
The event is one of four gatherings organised across the country with attendees encouraged to speak openly .
It will take place at the Ard Ri Hotel next Wednesday ( July 11th ) from 7pm .
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG , June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League ( CSL ) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career .
SAN DIEGO ( KUSI ) — A police dog that was stabbed twice during a foot chase in North Park was recovering Wednesday , authorities said .
The dog , Max , accompanied San Diego police officers to an area near the intersection of 30th Street and Lincoln Avenue after someone reported a man acting strangely shortly after 11:30 p.m. Tuesday . The suspect pulled a knife on officers and ran , according to police .
Officers gave chase and sicced Max on the suspect a few blocks away on Grim Avenue . The suspect stabbed the dog twice after they were bitten , according to San Diego police .
Mark Delacruz , 33 , tried to run off again , but was taken into custody shortly afterward in the 3600 block of Grim Avenue . They were treated at a hospital before they were booked into jail , police said .
Max was treated for their wounds at a veterinary hospital and has since been released , according to police .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
[ MORE : ' I never wanted to hurt anybody , ' sobbing accused killer Chris Garnier says in death of off-duty cop ]
Garnier had met Campbell in a downtown bar . The Crown alleges they punched and strangled the 36-year-old Truro , N.S. , police Const . in a McCully Street apartment and used a compost bin to dispose of their body near Halifax 's Macdonald Bridge . The defence has put forth a hypothetical scenario suggesting Campbell died during a consensual sexual encounter after encouraging Garnier to choke them
The trial continues Monday .
Playing the tape for jurors last week , Allison told them that they tried to `` build a relationship '' with Garnier .
They were arrested by police early on Sept. 16 , 2015 , around the same time Campbell 's body was found face down in thick brush . They were interviewed by police later that day for nine hours and 24 minutes .
Garnier can be seen walking into a small interview room at 1:02 p.m. , after sleeping for several hours and eating a few bites of a burger and fries from McDonald 's , the jury heard last week .
Dressed in a T-shirt and pants , they sit down on a computer chair in the back right corner of the room , placing their hands on their lap , one on top of the other .
`` Things went sideways on you , but you 're a good guy , '' Allison tells Garnier in a comforting voice . `` I do n't think it was your intention for it to end up like it did . ''
Allison mentions Garnier 's background as a firefighter and in occupational health and safety . They tell them he 's a hard worker , and notes Campbell was a volunteer firefighter : `` Same thing as you — good people . ''
In the taped interview , they show Garnier evidence collected by police , including video of a man rolling a compost bin away from the back of the McCully Street flat . Allison passes Garnier a photo of Campbell , their blond hair down in front of them shoulders .
`` She 's not with us anymore , '' said Allison , referring to images spread out chaotically on a table between them throughout the interview .
`` You 're downtown dancing . They have their legs wrapped around you , and a few hours later , this . How did it get from that point ? How did it go from something where you just thought you were going to hook up , to that ? ''
Allison asks if they realized what he 's putting their girlfriend through . The jury has heard Garnier and their girlfriend broke up on Sept. 10 , 2015 , and made up the next day , hours after the alleged murder .
They show Garnier a video of their girlfriend — who police had spoken to following Garnier 's arrest — crying and telling someone they needed support .
The video of their girlfriend was stopped , but Garnier asks Allison to play more .
`` I just wanted to hear their voice , '' said Garnier , sobbing .
The officer says : `` Do n't let this be the judge of your life . You made a mistake . ''
`` I worked so hard to try and make my parents proud and to provide for ( my girlfriend ) so I can start a family , '' Garnier replied .
After a few hours , Allison 's tone changes .
`` There 's no doubt in my mind that you 're responsible for their death , '' they said accusingly .
They talk about how Campbell 's death has affected others — Campbell 's loved ones and their own family , saying `` Her mom and dad are destroyed . They 're done . Your parents are destroyed . ''
`` There is an explanation . There is a reason this happened , '' they say to Garnier in a harsh tone . `` Her family deserves an explanation . ''
Garnier asks to use the washroom just after 5 p.m. , and when they return , Det . Const . Michelle Dooks-Fahie takes over the interview , speaking to Garnier in a soft voice .
`` Show us that you did n't mean for this to happen , '' said Dooks-Fahie , sitting close to Garnier and sometimes putting their hand on their shoulder , or holding their hand . `` Show me you 're not a bad person , Chris . Show people this happened in an instant . ''
`` I 'm sorry . I ca n't , '' Garnier says .
Allison re-enters the room .
They tell Garnier they were speaking with investigators and knows what Garnier had in the car when they were arrested , including their passport and toiletries . They tell the two officers : `` I was going to go somewhere . I do n't know where . ''
`` I do n't know what I was thinking . I do n't want to lie to you , '' Garnier cries .
And then , something shifts . Asked if Campbell was alive when they went into the compost bin , Garnier replies `` No . ''
`` Did they suffer , Chris ? '' Allison said .
`` I do n't think , '' replied Garnier .
`` How do you know they did n't suffer ? Was it over quick ? '' the interrogator asked .
`` I think so . They are n't moving . They are n't breathing . '' Garnier says , stuffing their hands into their face and sobbing .
They then opens up about their recollections of the night , but repeatedly tells officers that their memories are fuzzy .
Garnier said they remember being with them in the Halifax Alehouse , a wood-panelled pub just below Citadel Hill where the two had met , but did n't remember who approached who , or going back with them to the McCully Street apartment .
They then recalls standing at the foot of the pullout couch as Campbell bled from their nose , their head at the foot of the bed . They said they may have hit them
`` I did n't know how to say it . I 've been trying to remember what happened , '' said an inconsolable Garnier .
For a few hours , they talk out details they say he 's able to remember , and ones they ca n't .
`` I would n't have hit them a bunch of times , '' Garnier said when asked how many times they were punched , noting their hands were not sore .
`` I feel like at this point I 'm telling you what you want to hear ... If I knew , I 'd tell you . I have no reason to hold anything else back at this point . ''
They eventually tell the officers that their hands were on their neck , and that they removed them when they heard gasps . They were asked to describe how their hands were on Campbell 's throat , and held their hands out in front of him , their fingers fanned out and their thumbs touching .
`` To get that off your chest , it must feel better , '' Allison said reassuringly .
At about 9:30 p.m. , Allison tells them there is a pen and a piece of paper on the table , and the officers leave the room .
Left alone , Garnier takes a long drink of water and hugs their arms into their stomach , gazing toward the floor before picking up the pen .
`` If I could give my own life to get theirs back , I would , '' they wrote in blue pen on lined paper in a letter addressed to Campbell 's loved ones .
`` I do n't expect you to forgive me for what happened , so I wo n't ask for your forgiveness ... I only hope this will give you some closure . ''
Garnier sits back in the chair and takes a bite of a sandwich wrap . They rub their eyes .
The officers return to the room and Allison reads the letter aloud , as Garnier sits with a bottle of water clutched in their hands . They ask them a few more questions before informing them that the interview was over .
Garnier leaves the room at 10:26 p.m .
Last week , defence lawyer Joel Pink noted Garnier exercised their right to remain silent 64 times during the interview . Under cross-examination , Allison did not dispute that number .
Garnier has pleaded not guilty to second-degree murder and interfering with a dead body .
In under two hours from now , fallen artist Moze Radio real Moses Nakintije Ssekibogo will be laid to their final resting place in Nakawuka and this is how some of their fans have paid tribute to him ..
Read Also
NEW BREMEN – Versailles ' boys and girls bowling teams won West Ohio High School Bowling Conference matches on Speedway Lanes in New Bremen .
The Versailles boys beat Mississinawa Valley 2,428-2,345 .
Quayd Pearson led Versailles with games of 155 and 187 , Tyler Gehret rolled games of 161 and 158 , Luke Shellhaas rolled games of 157 and 156 , Sam Bensman rolled games of 146 and 150 , Chad Shimp rolled a 133 , and Brandon Bradley rolled a 125 .
Zac Longfellow led Mississinawa Valley with games of 184 and 191 , Mason Hardwick rolled games of 190 and 131 , Matt Slyder rolled games of 156 and 145 , Lucas Newbauer rolled games of 148 and 127 , and Colton Hardwick rolled games of 116 and 147 .
Versailles ' girls beat Ansonia 2,188-1,570 .
Morgan Barlage led Versailles with games of 132 and 188 , Morgan Heitkamp rolled games of 170 and 143 , Lindsey Cheadle rolled games of 154 and 144 , Makenzie Berning rolled games of 141 and 148 , and Haddi Treon rolled a 137 .
Lexi Shinn led Ansonia with games of 150 and 136 , Rebecca Thornhill rolled games of 107 and 149 , Sarah Rhoades rolled games of 89 and 100 , A'Tyah Knowles rolled games of 87 and 102 , and Megan Troutwine rolled games of 80 and 75 .
Mississinawa Valley 's girls lost 1,910-1,755 to Fort Recovery . Payton Reichard led Mississinawa Valley with games of 134 and 179 , Audree Weimer rolled games of 180 and 100 , Kali Copeland rolled games of 107 and 119 , Bailey Emrick rolled games of 99 and 96 , and Elizibeth Mangas rolled games of 90 and 99 .
Ansonia 's boys lost 2,277-1,755 to New Bremen . Tyler Dishman led Ansonia with games of 125 and 133 , Charles Murphy rolled games of 104 and 105 , Johnnie Bozarth rolled games of 96 and 105 , Dalton Drees rolled a 175 , Jacob Longenecker scored a 126 , Allen Christman rolled a 116 , and Damien Hampton rolled a 106 .
The Versailles boys improved to 2-0 in the conference with Saturday 's win while the Ansonia boys fell to 0-1 and the Mississinawa Valley boys fell to 1-1 .
Versailles ' girls improved to 1-0 in the conference while the Ansonia and Mississinawa Valley girls fell to 0-1 .
The WOHSBC bowling teams will return to action on Saturday at McBo 's Lanes in Versailles . At 9:45 a.m. the Ansonia girls will take on New Bremen , Mississinawa Valley 's girls will face Fort Loramie , and Versailles ' girls will take on Coldwater . At 1 p.m. Ansonia 's boys will face Fort Recovery , the Mississinawa Valley boys will take on Coldwater , and Versailles ' boys will face Minster .
For more information about the WOHSBC , visit the conference 's website at wohsbc.com .
By Kyle Shaner kshaner @ aimmediamidwest.com
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316 . Follow me on Twitter @ KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360 . For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com .
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316 . Follow me on Twitter @ KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360 . For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com .
( Repeats to wider audience )
BEIJING , April 10 China 's banks and other financial firms should provide support for the integration of the economies of Hebei , Beijing and Tianjin , a top central bank official said in remarks published on Monday .
On April 1 , the government announced plans to establish a new special economic zone in Xiongan , in the heavily polluted province of Hebei , in order to promote integration with the neighbouring cities of Beijing and Tianjin .
`` The financial sector should seize the major opportunities brought by Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei cooperation strategy for its own development , '' Pan Gongsheng , a vice central bank governor , was quoted as saying in a statement on the bank 's website .
Pan told a meeting at which officials from the central bank , the National Development and Reform Commission , the China Securities Regulatory Commission , as well as those from Beijing , Tianjin and Hebei discussed ways to finance the integration .
Financial institutions should step up support for infrastructure and environmental projects , as well as industrial upgrading and technology innovation in the region , provide long-term capital and green financing , Pan said .
`` Serving the country 's major strategy is an important responsibility of financial institutions , '' the central bank said in the statement .
Officials also pledged to help firms raise funds on bond and equity markets and get overseas financing .
China is implementing a plan aimed at integrating the economies of Hebei , Beijing and Tianjin , a heavily polluted region known as Jing-Jin-Ji .
Beijing , home to 22 million people , is trying to curb population growth and relocate industries and other `` non-capital functions '' to Hebei as part of efforts to curb pollution and congestion . ( Reporting by Kevin Yao ; Editing by Robert Birsel )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
* Russia and Japan dispute ownership of four islands
* Russian PM approves deployment of warplanes there
* Japan says decision runs counter to its own stance
* Moscow unhappy about U.S. missile systems in Japan
By Andrew Osborn
MOSCOW , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has approved the deployment of Russian warplanes on a disputed island near Japan , accelerating the area 's militarisation at a time when Moscow 's ties with Tokyo are strained over the roll-out of a U.S. missile system .
In a decree published late on Thursday , Medvedev allowed the Russian Defence Ministry to use a civilian airport on the island of Iturup as it is known by Russia , or Etorofu as it is known by Japan , for its warplanes .
The island was one of four seized by Soviet forces at the end of World War Two and is located off the north-east coast of Hokkaido , Japan 's biggest prefecture . The dispute over the islands , known as the Kuriles in Russia and the Northern Territories in Japan , is so acrimonious that Moscow and Tokyo have not yet signed a peace treaty to mark the end of the war .
Medvedev 's decree is the latest step in a Russian military build-up that has seen Moscow deploy some of its newest missile defence systems to the islands and plan to build a naval base there even as it continues talks about the territorial dispute .
The decree was published days before deputy foreign ministers from the two countries are due to hold talks about co-operation on the disputed islands and at a time when Russia is concerned that Japan is allowing Washington to use its territory as a base for a U.S. military build-up in north Asia under the pretext of countering North Korea .
MORE OPTIONS
It is unclear whether Russia will permanently deploy warplanes to the disputed island , which hosted a Soviet air base during the Cold War , or use its airport as and when needed .
The Kommersant daily cited an unnamed military source as saying the move would give the Russian military more options .
“ This move should show the aerodrome 's readiness for fighter planes that patrol our borders to be temporarily based there , ” the source was quoted as saying .
The same source was quoted as saying that Russia was particularly concerned about a Japanese plan to deploy more Aegis U.S. missile systems in its Akita and Yagamata prefectures .
The Japanese embassy in Moscow did not immediately respond to a request for comment , but Kommersant cited it as saying that the new Russian move would boost Moscow 's military power on the disputed islands .
That contradicted Japan 's own stance on the dispute , it was cited as saying , but Tokyo would keep trying to resolve the problem through talks . ( Editing by Gareth Jones )
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Double Olympic champion Sandra Perkovic eased their way to a second world discus title after being the only athlete to throw over 70 metres at the World Championships on Sunday .
The Croatian , who first won the world title in 2013 , threw 70.31 on their second attempt which was enough to triumph in the same stadium in which they won Olympic gold in 2012 .
The 27-year-old had the top three throws of 2017 going into the competition , and led from the first attempt in the final to secure their country 's first gold of the championships .
`` I really enjoyed this competition like I never did before , '' they told reporters . `` I am happy to get my world title back .
`` My goal today was to throw over 70 metres because that I was sure that would be a medal mark . ''
Athletics - World Athletics Championships – women 's discus throw final – London Stadium , London , Britain – August 13 , 2017 – Sandra Perkovic of Croatia competes . Dylan Martinez
Perkovic 's romp to gold was only seriously threatened on the final attempt by Dani Stevens of Australia .
The 29-year-old was concentrating intensely as they strode into the throwing circle and launched the discus one last time for glory .
Athletics - World Athletics Championships - Women 's Discus Throw Final - London Stadium , London , Britain – August 13 , 2017 . Sandra Perkovic of Croatia in action . Fabrizio Bensch
It resulted in a personal best 69.64 metres which was enough for silver , their first World Championship medal since they won the title in 2009 .
`` I am in utopia right now , '' Stevens said . `` I am so excited . Everything came together at the right moment . I can not believe it . I did not think that I could throw that far . ''
Melina Robert-Michon of France also achieved a lifetime best throw , with 66.21 getting them the bronze medal to go with the Olympic one they were awarded in Rio last year .
There was no joy , however , for 2015 champion Denia Caballero of Cuba , who could only throw 64.37 to finish fifth .
March 30Guangdong Hongteo Accurate Technology Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 0.02 percent to 18.6 percent , or to be 12.7 million yuan to 15 million yuan , compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 ( 12.6 million yuan )
* Says increased revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/oTMjcw
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Want more videos like this ?
Every day we send an email with the top videos from Digg .
April 10Wuhan Golden Laser Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 0 percent to 30 percent , or to be 3.3 million yuan to 4.2 million yuan , compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 ( 3.3 million yuan )
* Says increased revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/YCsqQY
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
From Harford County government :
The independent consulting firm Thomas Comitta Associates , Inc. will present its findings from the Edgewood Small Area Study and resulting plans for Edgewood 's redevelopment on Wednesday , October 18 from 6 – 8 p.m. at Edgewood High School , 2415 Willoughby Beach Road in Edgewood . All stakeholders are welcome to attend . Following the presentation , attendees will have an opportunity to ask questions of the consultants and representatives from the Harford County Office of Economic Development about the plan and what the community can expect as the plan is executed .
The administration under Harford County Executive Barry Glassman commissioned the Edgewood Small Area study to assess existing resources , analyze market opportunities , and help drive revitalization efforts and job growth . Earlier public meetings gathered input from the community for the study , which explored ways to improve the quality of life in the area , particularly regarding the community 's relationship with Aberdeen Proving Ground . The study was funded through a federal program and is an implementation of APG 's Joint Land Use Study ( JLUS ) to advance the partnership between the community and the installation through resource planning and cooperative land use .
The final Edgewood Small Area Study and redevelopment plan will also be available on October 19 on the county website at www.harfordcountymd.gov/2356/14233/Edgewood-Small-Area-Study .
Questions about the presentation may be directed to Jake Adler , project coordinator in the Harford County Office of Economic Development , at 410-638-3414 or jzadler @ harfordcountymd.gov .
Elizabeth Vargas is ready for a new adventure .
The longtime ABC News anchor , who has been with the network for two decades and an anchor at 20/20 for 14 years , announced last December that she 's leaving the TV newsmagazine at the end of its 40th season in May .
On Monday , ABC announced that Good Morning America anchor Amy Robach , 45 , will replace Vargas as co-host of 20/20 alongside David Muir , 44 . Vargas , 55 , is relocating to A+E Networks , where they will be the face of A & E Investigates .
A source tells PEOPLE that Vargas ' contract was up and the network chose not to renew it .
“ She had been there for a really long time and had an opportunity that seemed to be a better fit , ” the source says .
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE ? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox .
A second source adds that there 's no bad blood in the decision to part ways , noting that the network was always supportive of Vargas throughout their battle with alcoholism and anxiety .
“ If you read their book you know that they repeatedly struggled and fell down and was n't always honest with their bosses at ABC about it and really took a long road to recovery , and ABC stood by them through all of it , ” says the source of Vargas ' 2016 memoir , Between Breaths : A Memoir of Panic and Addiction .
“ They were totally great to her , and she 's grateful , ” the source continues . “ But it 's also not a surprise that after everything , it 's time for both parties to just move on and have a fresh start . ”
RELATED : Elizabeth Vargas Reveals They Kept Wine Bottles Hidden Inside Them Knee-High Boots
“ Elizabeth is more than capable of standing on their own two feet and doing their own thing , and to not be beholden to ABC , and that is a good and healthy thing for everybody , ” the insider adds .
John Lamparski/WireImage
The second source points out that Vargas have been open about wanting to spend more time with their sons Zachary , 15 , and Samuel , 11 , whom they share with ex-husband Marc Cohn .
“ Elizabeth 's book was such a huge hit , and then sold even more copies in paperback , that she 's been saying for a while now that they want to devote themselves more to public speaking and the self-help circuit , ” says the source . “ Writing the book also really emphasized to them how much time with their sons they lost when they were drinking , and they do n't want to spend any unnecessary time away from them during the few years they have left before they 're off to college and out of the house . ”
So how will Robach , their replacement , balance the new role with their GMA duties ?
“ Amy will still be on GMA , ” the first source explains . “ Even though she 's not an official member of the cast anymore , GMA will always be their home , and they will make appearances often . ”
20/20 airs Fridays ( 10 p.m . ET ) on ABC .
Diabetes is a physical disease . It is the lack of the hormone insulin or the body 's inability to use insulin properly . In reality , diabetes affects every area of a person 's life : emotional , mental , spiritual , financial and physical .
People with diabetes have a higher risk to experience depression than the average person . Any chronic disease can be discouraging , complicated and confusing . There is no one-size-fits-all plan to approach diabetes . When a successful treatment regime is finally working , diabetes may throw a curveball and the treatment plan needs to be reinvented , over and over again .
The demands of diabetes can find many people struggling , doubting and crumbling . The pressure is immense . For the most part , in spite of a top-notch medical team , a supportive family and an encouraging group of friends , the person with diabetes has the sole responsibility to control their own blood glucose . Many feel alone even in a crowded room .
The burden can be overwhelming . Each daily finger prick reminds them that the future of their health is literally in their own hands . Their fingers shake with this responsibility .
Dealing with diabetes mentally , emotionally , and spiritually can not be ignored . A positive mindset and healthy attitude is vital to stable blood sugars . Upon the initial diagnosis , it is important to grieve the loss of a well-functioning body . Grieve over the added steps in your daily routine , the medication , the physician visits , the lab tests and the exercise .
Allow yourself to get mad , throw a fit like a toddler and cry . Talk to God and ask , “ Why me ? ” Get angry at the world for having to deal with diabetes and extra medical bills . Until your loss is recognized and reflected upon , you will remain imprisoned with unexplained feelings . Clinical depression symptoms can not be ignored . If you suspect that you are in a hole too deep to crawl out of , contact your doctor for help .
Next , realize that there is no point managing this disease part-time . Choosing to only treat diabetes half-way is a ticket to accepting a slow , painful death from heart disease , kidney failure , an increased loss of sensation , possible amputation and an increased risk of blindness .
Realize that the woe-is-me attitude is no longer going to benefit your health . Pull up your big kid pants . No one else can do it for you . Do n't expect your spouse to keep you healthy .
Each week I educate people who know little or nothing about diabetes yet they are expected to adjust their life-style to cope with this terrifying disease . If diabetes is part of your life , learn more about it and how it affects your life-style .
Local hospitals and clinics have learning opportunities called Diabetes Self-Management Training programs . Ask your physician to prescribe one of these programs for you . If you were disillusioned by one program , go to another until you find one that speaks to you and answers your questions . If you were planning to drive across the country , you would seek direction , right ? What is the difference ?
Randall https : //www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2018/05/web1_Randall-2.jpeg Randall
THEIR VIEW
Bobbie Randall Contributing columnist
Bobbie Randall is a certified diabetes educator , registered , licensed dietitian . They supervise a Diabetes Self-Management Training Program at Dunlap Community Hospital , Orrville , Ohio . Contact them at bobbie.randall @ aultman.com .
Bobbie Randall is a certified diabetes educator , registered , licensed dietitian . They supervise a Diabetes Self-Management Training Program at Dunlap Community Hospital , Orrville , Ohio . Contact them at bobbie.randall @ aultman.com .
TX Norman OK Zone Forecast
TX Norman OK Zone Forecast for Tuesday , July 3 , 2018
_____
211 FPUS54 KOUN 040720
ZFPOUN
Zone Forecast Product
National Weather Service Norman OK
220 AM CDT Wed Jul 4 2018
TXZ086-042100-
Wichita-
Including the cities of Sheppard AFB and Wichita Falls
220 AM CDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY ... Mostly sunny . Isolated showers and thunderstorms this
afternoon . Highs around 101 . East winds 10 to 20 mph . Chance of
precipitation 10 percent .
.TONIGHT ... Mostly clear . Isolated showers and thunderstorms in
the evening . Lows in the mid 70s . East winds 10 to 20 mph . Chance
of precipitation 10 percent .
.THURSDAY ... Mostly sunny . Highs in the upper 90s . East winds
10 to 15 mph .
.THURSDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with isolated showers and
thunderstorms . Lows in the mid 70s . East winds 10 to 15 mph .
Chance of precipitation 20 percent .
.FRIDAY ... Partly cloudy with a slight chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs in the upper 90s . East winds 10 to 15 mph .
Chance of precipitation 20 percent .
.FRIDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with a chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Lows in the mid 70s . Chance of precipitation
50 percent .
.SATURDAY ... Partly cloudy with a chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs in the lower 90s . Chance of precipitation
50 percent .
.SATURDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with a slight chance of showers
and thunderstorms . Lows in the mid 70s . Chance of precipitation
20 percent .
.SUNDAY ... Partly cloudy with a slight chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs in the lower 90s . Chance of precipitation
20 percent .
.SUNDAY NIGHT ... Mostly clear . Lows in the lower 70s .
.MONDAY ... Partly cloudy with a slight chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs in the upper 90s . Chance of precipitation
20 percent .
.MONDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy . Lows in the mid 70s .
.TUESDAY ... Partly cloudy . Highs in the mid 90s .
$ $
TXZ083-042100-
Hardeman-
Including the city of Quanah
220 AM CDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY ... Sunny this morning , then partly cloudy with isolated
showers and thunderstorms this afternoon . Highs around 103 .
Southeast winds 10 to 15 mph . Chance of precipitation 10 percent .
.TONIGHT ... Mostly clear . Isolated showers and thunderstorms in
the evening . Lows in the lower 70s . East winds 10 to 15 mph .
Chance of precipitation 10 percent .
.THURSDAY ... Mostly sunny . Highs in the mid 90s . East winds 10 to
15 mph .
.THURSDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with isolated showers and
thunderstorms . Lows in the mid 70s . East winds 10 to 15 mph .
Chance of precipitation 20 percent .
.FRIDAY ... Partly cloudy with a slight chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs in the upper 90s . East winds around 10 mph .
Chance of precipitation 20 percent .
.FRIDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with a chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Lows in the mid 70s . Chance of precipitation
40 percent .
.SATURDAY ... Partly cloudy with a chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs in the mid 90s . Chance of precipitation
50 percent .
.SATURDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with a slight chance of showers
and thunderstorms . Lows in the lower 70s . Chance of precipitation
20 percent .
.SUNDAY ... Partly cloudy with a slight chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs in the lower 90s . Chance of precipitation
20 percent .
.SUNDAY NIGHT ... Mostly clear . Lows in the lower 70s .
.MONDAY ... Partly cloudy . Highs in the mid 90s .
.MONDAY NIGHT ... Mostly clear . Lows in the lower 70s .
.TUESDAY ... Mostly sunny . Highs in the upper 90s .
$ $
TXZ084-042100-
Foard-
Including the city of Crowell
220 AM CDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY ... Sunny this morning , then partly cloudy with isolated
showers and thunderstorms this afternoon . Highs around 104 .
Southeast winds 10 to 15 mph . Chance of precipitation 10 percent .
.TONIGHT ... Mostly clear . Isolated showers and thunderstorms in
the evening . Lows in the lower 70s . East winds 10 to 15 mph .
Chance of precipitation 10 percent .
.THURSDAY ... Partly cloudy . Highs in the upper 90s . East winds
10 to 15 mph .
.THURSDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with isolated showers and
thunderstorms . Lows in the mid 70s . East winds 10 to 15 mph .
Chance of precipitation 20 percent .
.FRIDAY ... Partly cloudy with a slight chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs in the upper 90s . East winds 10 to 15 mph .
Chance of precipitation 20 percent .
.FRIDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with a chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Lows in the mid 70s . Chance of precipitation
30 percent .
.SATURDAY ... Partly cloudy with a chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs in the lower 90s . Chance of precipitation
50 percent .
.SATURDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with a chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Lows in the lower 70s . Chance of precipitation
30 percent .
.SUNDAY ... Partly cloudy with a slight chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs in the mid 90s . Chance of precipitation
20 percent .
.SUNDAY NIGHT ... Mostly clear . Lows in the lower 70s .
.MONDAY ... Partly cloudy . Highs in the upper 90s .
.MONDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy . Lows in the lower 70s .
.TUESDAY ... Mostly sunny . Highs in the upper 90s .
$ $
TXZ087-042100-
Knox-
Including the cities of Munday and Knox City
220 AM CDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY ... Mostly sunny . Isolated showers and thunderstorms this
afternoon . Highs around 104 . Southeast winds 10 to 15 mph . Chance
of precipitation 10 percent .
.TONIGHT ... Mostly clear . Isolated showers and thunderstorms in
the evening . Lows in the lower 70s . East winds 10 to 15 mph .
Chance of precipitation 10 percent .
.THURSDAY ... Partly cloudy . Highs in the mid 90s . East winds 10 to
15 mph .
.THURSDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with isolated showers and
thunderstorms . Lows in the mid 70s . East winds 10 to 15 mph .
Chance of precipitation 20 percent .
.FRIDAY ... Partly cloudy with a slight chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs in the mid 90s . East winds around 10 mph .
Chance of precipitation 20 percent .
.FRIDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with a chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Lows in the mid 70s . Chance of precipitation
30 percent .
.SATURDAY ... Partly cloudy with a chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs in the mid 90s . Chance of precipitation
50 percent .
.SATURDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with a chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Lows in the lower 70s . Chance of precipitation
30 percent .
.SUNDAY ... Partly cloudy with a slight chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs in the lower 90s . Chance of precipitation
20 percent .
.SUNDAY NIGHT ... Mostly clear . Lows in the lower 70s .
.MONDAY ... Partly cloudy . Highs in the mid 90s .
.MONDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy . Lows in the mid 70s .
.TUESDAY ... Partly cloudy . Highs in the upper 90s .
$ $
TXZ085-042100-
Wilbarger-
Including the city of Vernon
220 AM CDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY ... Mostly sunny . Isolated showers and thunderstorms this
afternoon . Highs around 103 . Southeast winds 10 to 15 mph . Chance
of precipitation 10 percent .
.TONIGHT ... Mostly clear . Isolated showers and thunderstorms in
the evening . Lows in the mid 70s . East winds 10 to 15 mph . Chance
of precipitation 10 percent .
.THURSDAY ... Mostly sunny . Highs in the upper 90s . East winds
10 to 15 mph .
.THURSDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with isolated showers and
thunderstorms . Lows in the mid 70s . East winds 10 to 15 mph .
Chance of precipitation 20 percent .
.FRIDAY ... Partly cloudy with a slight chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs in the upper 90s . East winds 10 to 15 mph .
Chance of precipitation 20 percent .
.FRIDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with a chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Lows in the mid 70s . Chance of precipitation
40 percent .
.SATURDAY ... Partly cloudy with a chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs in the lower 90s . Chance of precipitation
50 percent .
.SATURDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with a slight chance of showers
and thunderstorms . Lows in the mid 70s . Chance of precipitation
20 percent .
.SUNDAY ... Partly cloudy with a slight chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs in the lower 90s . Chance of precipitation
20 percent .
.SUNDAY NIGHT ... Mostly clear . Lows in the lower 70s .
.MONDAY ... Partly cloudy . Highs in the upper 90s .
.MONDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy . Lows in the mid 70s .
.TUESDAY ... Partly cloudy . Highs in the upper 90s .
$ $
TXZ088-042100-
Baylor-
Including the city of Seymour
220 AM CDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY ... Mostly sunny . Isolated showers and thunderstorms this
afternoon . Highs around 104 . East winds 10 to 15 mph . Chance of
precipitation 10 percent .
.TONIGHT ... Mostly clear . Isolated showers and thunderstorms in
the evening . Lows in the mid 70s . East winds 10 to 15 mph . Chance
of precipitation 10 percent .
.THURSDAY ... Partly cloudy . Highs in the upper 90s . East winds
10 to 15 mph .
.THURSDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with isolated showers and
thunderstorms . Lows in the mid 70s . East winds 10 to 15 mph .
Chance of precipitation 20 percent .
.FRIDAY ... Partly cloudy with a slight chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs in the mid 90s . East winds around 10 mph .
Chance of precipitation 20 percent .
.FRIDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with a chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Lows in the mid 70s . Chance of precipitation
40 percent .
.SATURDAY ... Partly cloudy with a chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs in the mid 90s . Chance of precipitation
50 percent .
.SATURDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with a chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Lows in the lower 70s . Chance of precipitation
30 percent .
.SUNDAY ... Partly cloudy with a slight chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs in the lower 90s . Chance of precipitation
20 percent .
.SUNDAY NIGHT ... Mostly clear . Lows in the lower 70s .
.MONDAY ... Partly cloudy with a slight chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs in the upper 90s . Chance of precipitation
20 percent .
.MONDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy . Lows in the mid 70s .
.TUESDAY ... Partly cloudy . Highs in the upper 90s .
$ $
TXZ089-042100-
Archer-
Including the cities of Archer City , Holliday , Lakeside City ,
and Scotland
220 AM CDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY ... Mostly sunny . Isolated showers and thunderstorms this
afternoon . Highs around 102 . East winds 10 to 15 mph . Chance of
precipitation 10 percent .
.TONIGHT ... Mostly clear . Isolated showers and thunderstorms in
the evening . Lows in the mid 70s . East winds 10 to 20 mph . Chance
of precipitation 10 percent .
.THURSDAY ... Mostly sunny . Highs in the upper 90s . East winds
10 to 15 mph .
.THURSDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with isolated showers and
thunderstorms . Lows in the mid 70s . East winds 10 to 15 mph .
Chance of precipitation 20 percent .
.FRIDAY ... Partly cloudy with a slight chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs in the upper 90s . Northeast winds around
10 mph . Chance of precipitation 20 percent .
.FRIDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with a chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Lows in the mid 70s . Chance of precipitation
50 percent .
.SATURDAY ... Partly cloudy with a chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs in the mid 90s . Chance of precipitation
50 percent .
.SATURDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with a chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Lows in the lower 70s . Chance of precipitation
30 percent .
.SUNDAY ... Partly cloudy with a slight chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs in the lower 90s . Chance of precipitation
20 percent .
.SUNDAY NIGHT ... Mostly clear . Lows in the lower 70s .
.MONDAY ... Partly cloudy with a slight chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs in the mid 90s . Chance of precipitation
20 percent .
.MONDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy . Lows in the mid 70s .
.TUESDAY ... Partly cloudy . Highs in the mid 90s .
$ $
TXZ090-042100-
Clay-
Including the city of Henrietta
220 AM CDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY ... Partly cloudy with isolated showers . Isolated
thunderstorms this afternoon . Highs around 100 . East winds 10 to
15 mph . Chance of precipitation 10 percent .
.TONIGHT ... Mostly clear . Isolated showers and thunderstorms in
the evening . Lows in the mid 70s . East winds 10 to 15 mph . Chance
of precipitation 10 percent .
.THURSDAY ... Mostly sunny . Isolated showers and thunderstorms in
the afternoon . Highs in the mid 90s . East winds around 10 mph .
Chance of precipitation 20 percent .
.THURSDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with isolated showers and
thunderstorms . Lows in the mid 70s . East winds around 10 mph .
Chance of precipitation 20 percent .
.FRIDAY ... Partly cloudy with a slight chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs in the mid 90s . Northeast winds around
10 mph . Chance of precipitation 20 percent .
.FRIDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with a chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Lows in the mid 70s . Chance of precipitation
50 percent .
.SATURDAY ... Partly cloudy with a chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs in the lower 90s . Chance of precipitation
50 percent .
.SATURDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy with a slight chance of showers
and thunderstorms . Lows in the lower 70s . Chance of precipitation
20 percent .
.SUNDAY ... Partly cloudy with a slight chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs in the lower 90s . Chance of precipitation
20 percent .
.SUNDAY NIGHT ... Mostly clear . Lows in the lower 70s .
.MONDAY ... Partly cloudy with a slight chance of showers and
thunderstorms . Highs in the mid 90s . Chance of precipitation
20 percent .
.MONDAY NIGHT ... Partly cloudy . Lows in the mid 70s .
.TUESDAY ... Partly cloudy . Highs in the mid 90s .
$ $
_____
Copyright 2018 AccuWeather
LPC : Securus LBO debt structure dampens investor demand
NEW YORK , June 14 Some institutional investors are dismissing the debt package backing Securus Technologies ' US $ 1.7bn leveraged buyout due to a first-out revolving credit facility , even as thin dealflow and favorable prison policies under the Trump administration position the provider of inmate telecom and ancillary services to turn the page on its choppy history in the leveraged loan market .
Tributes have been paid this afternoon to long time Galway GAA Stalwart Tommie Kelly , whose funeral takes place this evening .
Galway GAA Secretary John Hynes paid this tribute… .
It is with great sadness that be learned of the death of Tommie Kelly ( Loughrea ) , a great Gael and wonderful friend of Galway GAA and Galway Football in particular .
Tommie was born in Kildare and played Football with Westmeath before be moved to Loughrea in the sixties , where they became deeply involved in Galway Gaelic Football .
For many years Tommie served in Officer positions in the South Board G.P.C and also on the County Board promoting participation in Gaelic Football . Tommie was involved also with many Galway Teams over the years and they played a key role when Galway won the under-21 Football Final in 1972 and when the Minor Footballer won the All-Ireland Final in 1976 . They were also involved with the Galway Senior Football Teams in the 1970 's and many of the County players of the era have fond and lasting memories of Tommie and all they did for them .
Tommie struck up a great friendship with the late John Tull Dunne from Ballinalsoe and they traveled the highways and by-ways of the Country together attending games . Tommie got great satisfaction from attending Juvenile games and Finals throughout the County .
In 2012 Tommie was elected President of Coiste Peil na nOg and they served in that position up to the time of their death .
Tommie was a great servant of the Galway GAA throughout their life .
On behalf of all in Galway GAA I extend our deepest sympathies and condolence to their Family and their wide circle of friends .
Mór ár mbrón . Thomas Ó Ceallaigh imithe ar Shlí na fírinne . Uaigneach muid ná an chailleach beara . Slán a chara .
When Tommie retired from the Galway County Board in 2010 , Jim Carney wrote this article in the Tuam Herald…
End of an era as Tommy Kelly retires from Galway Football Board Executive By JIM CARNEY A long-lasting link in the chain of Galway football will be broken next Monday night when Tommy Kelly , from Loughrea , retires as assistant secretary of the County Football Board Executive â€ ” in their 40th year of dedicated , loyal service to the Maroon and White . One of Galway 's great “ constants ” in those four decades , a popular , highly respected figure who did their work quietly and without fuss , to such an extent they were probably taken for granted â€ ” it can be a compliment to a person â€ ” Tommy joined the Football Board at the end of 1970 , as East Board delegate ; their predecessor in that role was the late Patsy Geraghty of Ballinasloe , who had just retired . Straight away , Tommy formed a close friendship with the county 's leading football administrator , John Dunne , and they were inseparable at the G.A.A . venues of Ireland from then on . Sadly , “ Tull ” Dunne died in 1990 , eight years before Galway regained the Sam Maguire Cup , bridging a 32-year gap , while other senior Football Board officers who Tommy Kelly served with , including Pa Burke , Jack Mahon and Miko Kelly , have also gone to their eternal reward . Tommy was a selector of Galway minor , U-21 and senior teams for twenty years , and has particularly fond memories of the brilliant All-Ireland winning U-21 team of 1972 who , like the Minors of 1970 , defeated a group of young Kerry men who went on to become probably the greatest ever county senior team . “ We were better than them ; we proved it twice , in Minor and U-21 , ” says Tommy , “ but while Kerry immediately put their trust in youth and quickly went to the top at senior level , we held our young players back and paid the price for it . But in general I have very happy memories of all my time in football and it 'll always be a big part of my life . The thing I 'm most sure of , looking back on the last forty years , is that making friendships with the players gave me the greatest pleasure and the greatest satisfaction . Some of them were rogues , great characters , but they were great lads â€ ” year in , year out â€ ” and I 'll never forget any of them . I have no regrets , only great memories. ” Tommy was born in Co. Kildare , in Castlemitchell , near Athy ; it was Gaelic football country and they played with the local club before moving to work and live in Westmeath , where they played for the county team for three years and won a Westmeath S.F.C . medal in 1962 , with Rochfortbridge . A qualified fitter/turner , work then took them â€ ” as it did so many others â€ ” to Tynagh Mines , near Loughrea , and he 's been a Galway man since . They married a Kildare woman , Sarah Wright ; they went to National School together , and Tommy is proud of the fact that their wife 's nephew Larry Tompkins had the honour of lifting the Sam Maguire Cup in triumph at Croke Park , as the Cork captain in 1990 . They are thankful , too , that Sarah 's dedication to family life meant they could devote so much of their own life to the G.A.A . “ She kept the show going at home , ” as Tommy puts it , “ I would n't have had the great life I 've had without her. ” The Kellys are also very proud to have seen their son Brian play for Galway in the 1973 All-Ireland Minor hurling final , which they were unlucky to lose to Kilkenny ; proud that their sons Shane , Declan and Tommy ( Jnr . ) won Vocational Schools ' medals with Galway , and that SinÃ©ad was involved in the medical back-up for several Galway Minor football teams.They 've known great sadness in their life together , too : Brian died aged only 50 . Go ndÃ©ana Dia trÃ³caire ar a anam . The Galway Football Board Convention at Loughgeorge next Monday night will be an emotional occasion for Tommy Kelly , but they can walk away with their head held high . As Shakespeare 's Othello said : I have done the State some service , and they know it .
Tommie will be reposing in Kilboy 's Funeral Home , Loughrea this Tuesday evening from 5 to 7 o'clock . Funeral cortege will arrive at St Brendan 's Cathedral on Wednesday morning for Requiem Mass at 12 o'clock followed by burial in Mount Pleasant Cemetery .
During Monday 's hearing , the Crown read out the aunt 's victim impact statement to the court .
`` Since these traumatic events , I can tell you that for me , I am barely surviving . There is no a day that goes by that I do n't think of the horrific things that have happened to my niece . It is beyond me how someone would want to have sex with a seven-year-old child. ``
Defence lawyer Harold Mattson said Lucas themselves was a victim of sexual abuse from the age of eight or nine .
`` So you say to yourself , 'Who protected Sonya Lucas ? ' Nobody . ''
Mattson described the abuse led their client to alcohol abuse and eventually into the sex trade .
They also said Lucas is no `` Karla Homolka , '' noting they did not know they were going to be involved with the sexual assault of a child .
The prosecution , however , argued Lucas continued to film on the cellphone even after realizing the victim was a girl .
`` Not only did they get handed the camera , but they continued to video when they realized the abuse that was occurring , '' assistant Crown Janet Booy said .
Nor did Lucas call police to notify them about the abuse of the girl .
More to come .
April 6 Birchcliff Energy Ltd
* Birchcliff Energy Ltd . Announces increase in ownership by Seymour Schulich
* Birchcliff Energy Ltd - seymour schulich has informed birchcliff that they recently acquired control and direction over additional 2 million common shares
* Birchcliff Energy - Schulich now beneficially owns or exercises control or direction over about 15 % of current issued and outstanding shares of co
* Birchcliff Energy Ltd - acquired 2 million common shares exchange at an average purchase price of $ 7.84 per common share Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
ST. JOHN 'S , N.L . — A tiny Newfoundland village is hoping to quickly remove the massive body of a humpback whale that has been stuck there since last fall , fearing the impending odour and mess as warmer weather approaches .
The whale 's body was frozen and covered with snow for the winter months in Nameless Cove , but has become an urgent issue for the village .
`` The warmer temperatures are coming and you obviously know what 's gon na happen next , '' Hank Diamond , a member of the local service district committee , said Wednesday .
`` You wo n't be able to live in that community in the summer , probably , if you do n't move it . ''
Nameless Cove is waiting on a price quote from contractors , and Diamond said the community is hoping for provincial assistance to remove the sizable creature that they estimate to be 25-30 feet .
`` It would take a fairly fair-sized vessel to move that off the beach even at high tide , you know , and it seems to be settling in the sand more , so it 's gon na be harder and harder to get outta there , and it 's starting to rot . ''
The body is in close proximity to some residences , wharves , and is less than 100 metres from a graveyard .
The beach is also a tourist attraction as it is near Flowers Island . The whale 's body is currently in the line of vision for anyone hoping to snap a photo of the island 's famed lighthouse .
Diamond reached out to Service NL after Fisheries and Oceans Canada ( DFO ) told Nameless Cove the removal of the whale carcass is the municipality 's responsibility .
In an e-mailed statement , Service NL said it is working with the district and `` the whale will have to be moved and disposed of , either by towing it to a more secluded location to decompose or by burial . ''
Iowa authorities ID man shot , killed by Panora officer
PANORA , Iowa ( AP ) — Authorities have identified a man shot and killed over the weekend by a Panora police officer in central Iowa .
The Iowa Department of Public Safety says in a news release Tuesday that 26-year-old Joshua Reed , of New Virginia , Iowa , was the man killed Sunday night .
Police say officers were called that night to a Panora apartment complex , where residents reported a man armed with a knife .
Officers found the man , later identified as Reed , in a hallway and ordered them to drop the knife . After they refused to do so , police say Officer Rock Armstrong shot him .
Police say Reed was given medical aid , but died .
Armstrong , who has served as a police officer for 17 years , is on paid administrative leave pending the outcome of the investigation .
Even if you do n't have Monday off , you can still celebrate Columbus Day Weekend in a big way : with major discounts at some of your favorite home stores ! Scope out the listings below — many continue into next week — and make some major discoveries of your own .
AllModern : Extra 20 % off rugs , beds , accent chairs and more with code JUMP . ( Through 10/10 )
ABC Home : The Custom Sale : Save up to 25 % off special-order upholstery , up to 10 % off in-stock upholstery ; up to 20 % off Moroccan rugs and select lighting .
Amazon : Save $ 50 when you preorder 3 of the all-new Amazon Echo ( 2nd generation ) with code ECHO3PACK . Additional deals on preorders of the new Fire TV with 4K Ultra HD + HD Antenna , new Fire TV with 4K Ultra HD + Echo , new Fire TV Stick with Alexa Voice Remote + Echo Dot .
Birch Lane : Extra 20 % off rugs , lamps , sofas , sectionals , and more , plus free shipping , with code Fall20 .
RELATED : Everything We Know About Chip and Joanna Gaines ' Target Line So Far
Bloomingdale 's : 20 % off almost all small electrics , gadgets , and cookware ! Look for promo code FRIENDS as you shop . Ends 10/9 .
The Container Store : Organized Day Sale . Save up to 25 % off select items ; Shelving Sale : All shelving , desks and Elfa 25 % off .
Crate & Barrel : Up to 30 % off rugs , lighting and curtains ; up to 40 % off KitchenAid attachments , 30 % off Nespresso .
Hayneedle : Save on dining tables & chairs , buffets & sideboards and more through Oct. 15 ; Bar Stool Sale : Save on bar seating and essentials through Oct. 8 ; Bathroom Updates Sale : Save on vanities , storage , sinks and cabinets through Oct. 12 .
Home Depot : Up to 30 % off with appliance special buys ; up to 20 % off select lighting .
Houzz : Bar Stool Sale . Save up to 75 % select styles through Oct. 11 .
Joss & Main : Extra 15 % off with code FORYOU . ( Through 10/10 . )
Kohl 's : Save on extra 20 % off select bed & bath , kitchen & dining and more using code BUYNOW through Oct. 9 .
Land of Nod : Save up to 20 % off activity tables , Parker Kids chairs , Nod chairs and beanbags ; plus save up 80 % off sale items across all departments .
Macy 's : Columbus Day Sale : Save across all departments , including bed & bath , home , kitchen and luggage through Oct. 9 ; plus take an extra 20 % , 15 % or 10 % off select departments using code STYLE .
Pier 1 : Save 25 % off select regular-priced purchases using code BIG25 through Oct. 9 ; plus , save up to 20 % off all bedroom furniture , mosaic , mother-of-pearl & capiz décor .
Pottery Barn : Save 20 % off your entire order , including markdowns , using code FRIENDS .
Pottery Barn Kids : Save 20 % off your entire order , including markdowns , using code FRIENDS ; plus save 30 % off sleeping bags & luggage , 20 % off nursery seating , 20 % to 40 % off backpacks , 20 % to 40 % off Halloween costumes and more .
Pottery Barn Teen : Save 20 % off your entire order , including markdowns , using code FRIENDS ; plus save 40 % off sleepover essentials , 20 % off flannel .
RELATED : You Can Decorate Your House Just Like Reese Witherspoon 's in Home Again — Here 's How
Rejuvenation : Save 20 % off dining room furniture and pendant lamps .
Urban Outfitters : UO Rewards Members save up to 40 % /non-members save up to 30 % off select home favorites , including sofas , pillows and home décor .
West Elm : Save 20 % off your entire order , including markdowns , using code FRIENDS ; plus , save 20 % off dining furniture and rugs , up to 50 % off bonus deals , up to 60 % off markdowns .
Williams Sonoma Home : Friends & Family : Save 20 % off your entire order , including markdowns , using code FRIENDS .
World Market : Save 30 % off almost everything ( except food & beverages ) , plus free shipping on all online orders $ 200+ ) using code FAMFRIENDS through Oct. 9 .
We live in a casual world , and it 's getting more and more laid back by the day . There are still plenty of folks who once lived in a time of decorum when women wore hats and gloves when out and people communicated by writing letters . Encourage your teen to ask their grandparents to share letters they 've written and received and to ask what practices were standard . For instance , when writing an old-fashioned letter , salutations were important , especially in professional settings . One addressed a doctor , professor or prospective employer , `` Dear Dr. Winward , '' rather than `` Hey Jennifer . '' Teens should use these respectful salutations when asking for a letter of recommendation , when thanking someone for an interview or when communicating with a professor , teacher or adviser .
The personal touch
Technology can have an isolating effect . Encourage teens to learn about how people interacted before smartphones . They can ask their grandparents about how they stayed in touch with friends . Grandparents will probably describe greeting people with smiles and eye contact , and planning get-togethers .
Good penmanship
Writing by hand — and ensuring it is legible — takes concentration , practice and patience . Those are all important skills to hone . Plus , research indicates writing in cursive is still an important skill . When writing in cursive , students activate different parts of their brains , ones not typically developed by basic reading and writing , and they refine their fine motor skills . Despite the rumours of cursive 's imminent demise , this skill gives students an advantage in reading and spelling , perhaps due to the feedback from writing words as a whole instead of as individual letters through texting or typing .
Preserving a family history
Consider all the knowledge grandparents have to impart : their personal histories , their tastes in music , their thoughts on the world events they witnessed . Have your teen speak to them , record the conversations and make it personal . How did they perceive life-changing elections , wars and accomplishments that young people today can only read about ? What was it like to see a person walk on the moon for the first time ? Where were they when they heard John F. Kennedy had been shot ? What was it like to fly in an airplane for the first time ? They can chat about whatever comes to mind . Maybe have your teen record a video or a series of audio recordings , or perhaps even start their or their own podcast . Your teen 's future self — and maybe even future generations — will thank you .
In short , technology is a wonderful thing , no doubt , and it can absolutely help prepare teens for college . But sometimes the best teacher is somebody who 's already been there . These are little things , but taken together , grandparents may get students out of their comfort zones and excited to see the world in a new-for-you kind of way . And , in the process , teens might also find kindness , comfort and excellent cookies .
LOS ANGELES The accountancy firm behind the biggest blunder in Oscar history is staying in the picture .
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences said on Wednesday it has decided to retain the services of PricewaterhouseCoopers ( PwC ) despite a backstage envelope mix-up that led to the wrong film being announced the winner of the best picture Oscar last month .
But a third accountant will be added to the PwC staff on the Oscars night and backstage tweeting , photos and posting to other social media will be banned .
READ : 'Five Came Back ' and changed Hollywood 's depiction of war
`` After a thorough review , including an extensive presentation of revised protocols and ambitious controls , the Board has decided to continue working with PwC , '' Academy President Cheryl Boone Isaacs wrote on Wednesday in a letter to Academy members that was made available to the media .
Isaacs added that the Academy had been `` unsparing in our assessment that the mistake made by representatives of the firm was unacceptable . ''
The unprecedented mishap led to musical `` La La Land '' being declared the winner and its producers and cast celebrated and started acceptance speeches on the stage before `` Moonlight '' was named the real winner of the night 's top prize .
WATCH : Spider-Man 'Homecoming ' film preview
Isaacs called it `` the most extraordinary and memorable Oscars ceremony in decades . ''
PwC , which has overseen Oscar balloting for 83 years , took full responsibility for the gaffe , which stunned the A-list audience in Hollywood and millions watching on television .
PwC quickly removed the two accountants responsible from further involvement in the Academy Awards and carried out a review of its procedures .
Starting next year , Isaacs said PwC will place a third accountant in the Oscars show control room , who will be able immediately to notify the director should a mistake be made .
All accountants will have to hand over their phones and other electronic devices before going backstage , Isaacs said .
That decision followed news that one of the accountants involved in the Feb. 26 blunder had been taking photos backstage with celebrities and posting them on Twitter during the ceremony .
Other new measures include closer checks of the winner envelopes on stage and rehearsals with the accountants ahead of the Oscar ceremony , Isaacs said .
PwC on Wednesday confirmed its services were being retained by the Academy but said nothing more .
( Reporting by Jill Serjeant ; Editing by Bill Rigby and Marguerita Choy )
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN , June 14 Germany 's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution , a transport ministry spokesperson said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step .
LONDON U.S. Grand Prix promoter Bobby Epstein says it would make sense for Formula One 's new American owners Liberty Media to buy some circuits as part of their long-term strategic plans for the sport .
The Circuit of the Americas ( COTA ) co-founder and chairperson whose Austin , Texas , track is the country 's sole purpose-built F1 facility , told Reuters they would be happy to do a deal `` at the right price '' .
Speaking ahead of tickets for the Oct. 22 race going on sale on Friday , they added , however , that there had been no discussions with Liberty .
`` I do think it makes a lot of sense for them to own some circuits . It would have to be part of any long-term strategy for them , '' said Epstein , whose race is the only U.S. round on the current calendar , in a telephone interview .
`` I see a lot of logic and business reasons for them to own some circuits . ''
Formula One 's previous business model , which the new owners have said they want to change , has been based on television revenues and circuits paying significant hosting fees with an annual escalator .
Austin 's annual fee has been reported at around $ 33 million , with $ 25 million coming from state subsidies based on a formula for calculating how much economic activity the grand prix generates for Texas .
COTA drew a record three-day crowd of 269,889 last year , thanks mainly to singer Taylor Swift holding their long-awaited first concert of the year on the Saturday night .
This year 's race has Justin Timberlake lined up as the headline act .
BETTER OFF
`` I think all of the circuits struggle under the current environment , '' said Epstein . `` If they ( Liberty ) change it and help the circuits survive , are they better off owning the circuits than making concessions ?
`` Are they actually giving up profitability by not owning the circuits ? If they ( the circuits ) are going to make money from an F1 race , then F1 might as well own that profit . ''
Several of Europe 's oldest circuits , such as Silverstone which has been looking for a buyer , struggle to make money while Germany is off the calendar this year for financial reasons .
Liberty completed their takeover in January , ousting 86-year-old supremo Bernie Ecclestone and replacing them with Chase Carey , who has appointed Sean Bratches as managing director for commercial matters .
Asked directly about the possibility of Liberty buying circuits , Bratches said only that there were `` a number of different models that can be pursued '' .
Formula One is seeking to expand in the Americas , with talk of adding street races in U.S. `` destination cities '' like Las Vegas , Miami , Los Angeles and New York and treating each race like a Super Bowl with events through the week .
Epstein said Austin had pioneered that formula since the debut race in 2012 .
They said the circuit now wanted to establish an all-year Formula One presence and estimated 50,000 people a year could be drawn to the circuit by an interactive garage experience .
`` Watch parties '' , where fans gathered for broadcasts of other grands prix , and track tours were also popular .
Epstein suggested COTA could become the `` brand-building headquarters for F1 '' in North America and a permanent home while other races came and went .
`` Since you ca n't move this circuit , and you ca n't duplicate it , it can always be counted on to be there , '' they said . `` I think the goal would be ‘ Let 's get the show on the road ' .
`` You can rotate it ( Formula One ) through different cities so that you are continuing to expose the sport .
`` It 's not likely that anyone else is going to build and spend that kind of money on a permanent course in the United States . ''
( Editing by Ed Osmond )
WASHINGTON — Justin Trudeau says they pushed for an exemption on Canadian steel and aluminum imports to the United States during their phone call this week with Vice-President Mike Pence .
The prime minister says the government is pushing the U.S. on multiple economic fronts , including getting a deal on a renegotiated NAFTA .
Using a national-security clause in U.S. trade law , President Donald Trump is threatening to slap potentially crippling steel and aluminium tariffs on Canada , Mexico and other countries when their exemptions are due to expire Friday .
Pence `` seemed to understand very clearly that national-security issues do n't really apply when you talk about steel or aluminum from Canada , '' Trudeau said of their conversation .
`` We 're continuing to work , highlighting that it would be not great for Canadian workers and Canadian industry , obviously , but it also would be difficult for American workers , American jobs and American consumers , who will pay more for various products . ''
That is on top of intense effort by Canada , the U.S. and Mexico to get a deal on a renegotiated North American Free Trade Agreement in time for the current iteration of the U.S. Congress , and ahead of what 's expected to be a turning-point election in Mexico on July 1 .
Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland pushed the steel and NAFTA issues during their meeting Tuesday in Washington with Trump 's trade czar Robert Lighthizer .
`` Canada considers it frankly absurd that we would in any way be considered a national security threat to the United States , '' they said of the tariff threat , which comes under Sec . 232 of the U.S. Trade Expansion Act .
`` I would like to absolutely assure Canadians , particularly those that work in the steel and aluminum industries , that the government is absolutely prepared to and will defend Canadian industries and Canadian jobs . We will respond appropriately . ''
Freeland left Washington empty-handed earlier today , while Lighthizer and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross were off to Paris to talk tariffs with nervous European Union counterparts .
SO OFTEN Easter Monday games deliver performances that are as appealing as a stale hot-cross bun .
However , Wakefield Trinity and Wigan Warriors conspired yesterday to produce an enthralling , hard-fought and suitably tense game which made a refreshing change at this time of year . The only problem for Wakefield was they did not manage to eke out a positive result against the reigning champions when their display warranted a point .
Wigan , who had won their fierce Good Friday derby with St Helens , infamously lost here 62-0 12 months ago but just had that little bit extra class at the critical moment this time around .
That said , it was not until young Wigan winger Liam Marshall grabbed their ninth try in seven games as late as the 77th minute – the only score of an absorbing second period – that the visitors could breathe easily .
Wakefield head coach Chris Chester had described their side as “ soft ” and “ clueless ” at times during the Good Friday defeat at Castleford when they trailed 36-12 at half-time . However , they were anything but here as they challenged the World Club champions across the park with energy , commitment and vigour .
“ I thought we deserved something out of it , ” they admitted . “ They were two evenly-matched sides and to not come away with anything is disappointing .
Wakefield Trinity 's Mason Caton-Brown . Picture : Scott Merrylees
“ The effort was fantastic , we just lacked any real patience down their end . It was just the final pass and there were four or five penalties in the second half that really hurt us . ”
The latter point was certainly true ; it was one of those days when few of the 50/50 calls seemed to go Wakefield 's way just when they needed a couple to do just that . Furthermore , they lost second-row Matty Ashurst to a calf tear inside the opening minutes and both fellow forwards Dean Hadley ( shoulder ) and Micth Allgood ( suspected broken hand ) departed early , too . Chester added : “ We had to do it tough , losing a couple of bodies early doors . We ran out of fit blokes at the end but there are lots to be pleased about .
“ I thought we were really physical and defended very well . If we keep playing like that , we will win more than we lose . ”
Well-served by the likes of centre Mason Caton-Brown and hard-running prop Keegan Hirst , who both came into the side , and forceful winger Tom Johnstone , they were undoubtedly competitive throughout .
I thought we were really physical and defended very well . If we keep playing like that , we will win more than we lose . Wakefield coach Chris Chester
The hosts were the better side in the first half and unfortunate to be 12-10 down at the turnaround . The game was level at 6-6 when centre Anthony Gelling , in their 100th game for Wigan , was sin-binned for a dangerous tackle , lifting Caton-Brown 's leg in the 29th minute before the centre nosedived back to the ground .
However , Allgood fumbled in the next set – something Wakefield did too often when they gained a good attacking position – and the visitors were let off the hook .
Instead , the champions , who had struggled for any decent strike chances aside from captain Sean O'Loughlin 's fifth-minute converted opener , actually went ahead four minutes later when still down to 12 men .
Winger Thomas Davies made a fine kick return to get Wakefield on the backfoot and then England stand-off George Williams crabbed across field before turning back inside to find France full-back Morgan Escare flying though from halfway .
They showed great pace to round Scott Grix and converted their own try as well .
However , when Wakefield forced Wigan 's Ryan Sutton into an error in the visitor 's ' own 20 , this time they capitalised .
Liam Finn spread the ball wide for Grix to find enough space to supply Ben Jones-Bishop , the winger who finished well for their sixth try in just five games .
Finn failed to convert from wide out but Wakefield were clearly in the mood .
It was Finn who had kept the ball alive on the last tackle in the ninth minute to create their first try , Grix then finding Ashley Gibson who dinked a perfect grubber through for Grix to collect and twist out of Escare 's tackle to score on their 200th Super League appearance .
Finn again could not add the extras but levelled the game with a 24th minute penalty .
In the second period , Wigan applied most of the pressure but Caton-Brown – in with Gibson for injured centres Joe Arundel and Bill Tupou – produced a timely tackle on Escare and then Wakefield rallied brilliantly to hold up Sam Powell .
It was not until after the hour mark they had any chance of note themselves but , first , Miller and , then , Wood , chose poor options near the Wigan line .
Wakefield Trinity : Grix ; Jones-Bishop , Gibson , Caton-Brown , Johnstone ; Miller , Finn ; Huby , Wood , England , Ashurst , Hadley , Arona . Substitutes : Hirst , Allgood , Kirmond , Fifita .
Wigan Warriors : Escare ; Davies , Gelling , Forsyth , Marshall ; Williams , Leuluai ; Flower , Powell , Tautai , J Tomkins , Farrell , O'Loughlin . Substitutes : Nuuausala , Sutton , Navarette , Gregson .
Referee : Jack Smith ( Wigan )
BERLIN German Chancellor Angela Merkel issued a joint statement on Monday with leaders of top international economic organizations saying they wanted to strengthen the global trade system in the face of protectionism .
Merkel joined the heads of the International Monetary Fund , World Bank , World Trade Organization , OECD and the International Labor Organization in calling open markets and free trade necessary for economic growth .
They also said stressed the importance of fighting climate change and protecting resources .
Earlier on Monday , the IMF , WTO and World Bank presented a report in Berlin entitled `` Making Trade an Engine of Growth for All '' . They said the role of trade as a driver of global growth is threatened by a slowdown in trade reform since the early 2000s and a rise in protectionism after the financial crisis .
( Reporting by Gernot Heller ; Writing by Erik Kirschbaum ; Editing by Paul Carrel )
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The snow and ice has meant that many secondary schools and 6th forms across Birmingham are closed on Tuesday December 12 .
Birmingham City Council on Monday decided to shut down all council run-schools due to the weather .
However it put back the decision making into the hands of the individual head teachers today .
But , as the following list shows , most still believe that it is much too dangerous to reopen - meaning another day off for thousands of pupils .
If your child 's school is not on the below list , then it is because a decision has not yet been made - most likely it will be decided on the morning .
If the school is open we advise checking the school 's website as many are opening late , or only for certain yeargroups .
Closed
Al-Hijrah School , Bordesley Green
Archbishop Ilsley Catholic School & Sixth Form
Arthur Terry School
Aston Manor Academy
Balaam Wood School , Frankley
Bartley Green School , Bartley Green
Bishop Challoner 6th Form
Bishop Vesey 's Grammar School
Bishop Walsh Catholic School
Bournville School , Bournville
Cardinal Wiseman RC School Kingstanding
Cockshut Hill Technology College , Yardley
Colmers School , Rednal
Dame Elizabeth Cadbury Technology College , Bournville
Erdington Academy , Erdington
Four Dwellings Academy , Quinton
George Dixon Academy , Harborne
Great Barr School , Great Barr
Greenwood Academy , Castle Vale
Hall Green School , Hall Green
Hamstead Hall Academy , Handsworth Wood
Handsworth Grammar School , Handsworth
Handsworth Wood Girls ' Academy , Handsworth Wood
Harborne Academy , Edgbaston
Hillcrest School , Bartley Green
Hodge Hill Girls ' School , Hodge Hill
Holte School , Lozells
Holy Trinity RC School , Small Heath
King Edward VI Aston School , Aston
King Edward VI Camp Hill School for Boys , Kings Heath
King Edward VI Camp Hill School for Girls , Kings Heath
King Edward VI Five Ways School , Bartley Green
John Willmott School , Sutton Coldfield
King Edward VI Sheldon Heath Academy , Sheldon
King Edward VI Camp Hill School for Girls , Kings Heath
King Edward VI Five Ways School , Bartley Green
King Edward VI Handsworth School , Handsworth
King Solomon International Business School , Duddeston
Kings Heath Boys , Kings Heath
King 's Norton Boys ' School , Kings Norton
Kings Norton Girls ' School , Kings Norton
Lordswood Boys ' School , Harborne
Lordswood Girls ' School , Harborne
Moseley School , Moseley
Ninestiles School , Acocks Green
Perry Beeches II The Free School , Ladywood
Perry Beeches III The Free School , Ladywood
Perry Beeches IV The Free School , Birmingham City Centre
Plantsbrook School , Sutton Coldfield
Queensbridge School , Moseley
Rockwood Academy , Alum Rock
St Edmund Campion RC School , Erdington
St Paul 's School for Girls , Edgbaston
St Thomas Aquinas RC School , Kings Norton
Selly Park Technology College for Girls , Selly Park
Starbank School , Small Heath
Stockland Green School , Stockland Green
Sutton Coldfield Grammar School for Girls , Sutton Coldfield
Swanshurst School , Billesley
Turves Green Boys ' School , Northfield
Turves Green Girls ' School , Northfield
Washwood Heath Academy , Washwood Heath
Waverley School , Small Heath
Waverley Studio College , Bordesley Green
Wheelers Lane Technology College , Kings Heath
Yardleys School , Tyseley
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Open
AL ROKER
‪ '' If you want an # antidote to everything going on , look into the face of heaven , '' Roker wrote on Instagram . `` Fell in love with @ hodakotb beautiful # HaleyJoy They smiled ! ! ‬ ''
April 13 Fujitomi Co Ltd :
* Says co is in deal with H.S . Insurance , on acquisition of shares in H.S . Life Small Amount & Short Time insurance Co Ltd , in May
* Details remain to be determined
Source text in Japanese : goo.gl/STaIsG
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Two persons are in the custody of the Guyana Police Force “ assisting the Police with their investigations ” into the murder of two business people at Friendship . Police A ' Division Commander , Asst . Commissioner Clifton Hicken made the confirmation to News Source on Monday afternoon .
Mr. Hicken said they believe the Police investigators will be able to crack the case of the double murder that rocked the East Bank Demerara community on Sunday night . They said they would not want to offer any more details at this time .
Businessmen , David Singh aka “ Fix Up ” and Hasradeen Hussain were killed on Sunday evening as they walked out from a rooster fighting competition in the community .
Investigators believe that Singh , who owned a poultry shop in the Orange Walk area , was the intended target . Hussain may have found themselves in the wrong place at the wrong time .
Singh was shot 15 times and died on the spot while Hussain was pronounced dead while undergoing treatment at a hospital . They received just one gunshot to their chest .
Sources familiar with the investigations have said that the killings have all the makings of a hit job . The men were attacked by two men as they were walking out on the public road from the rooster fighting yard .
Investigators intend to talk to the relatives of both men to find out if they may have been in any recent conflict with anyone .
Investigations are ongoing .
Well , I wo n't back down/ No , I wo n't back down…
I 'll stand my ground/Wo n't be turned around…
I 'll keep this world from draggin ' me down ,
Gon na stand my ground
—Tom Petty , “ I Wo n't Back Down ”
Again . Worse than ever . A horrifying mass murder by a lone killer . This time in Las Vegas .
Republicans call for improved mental health screenings . Democrats revive demands for tighter gun control . Sure , fine ; have at it .
Meanwhile a clue stares us right in the face , a key to preventing this madness and mayhem : The race and gender of the shooter . White and male . Again .
Okay , guys , white guys—all guys—this is our moment to say , “ Enough ! ” This is the moment to start a national “ Men Against Gun Violence ” campaign . Right after Newtown , women launched “ Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense ” the day after the murder of 20 six and seven year-olds , and six staff members at Sandy Hook elementary school . The day after !
What are we waiting for , guys ? You want to show courage ? You want to act tough and strong ? You want to stand tall for your family , your country ? Then , let 's do it ! NOW .
Let 's organize legions of men to question our gender privilege and challenge men to chart a new course in the gun violence debate . And , in the process , accelerate the transformation of our ideas about masculinity and manhood—including , especially , how we raise boys .
Men in their sixties , for instance—age mates of the 64 year-old shooter , Stephen Paddock—could be among the organizers of the campaign , demanding we recast US gun culture . Like me , a lot are grandfathers ; many have time on their hands , as well as money and access . They could , for instance , start a project to convince 58 senators—one for each of the murder victims—to vote not only for gun control , but also for funding the CDC to study how boys are socialized . Then , since there were 520 people wounded , they could call for all 435 members of the House of Representatives to vote for sane gun legislation . Add the governors of all 50 states , plus the mayors of the 35 largest cities in the country and it totals 520 . See , in a campaign like this we are limited only by our imaginations .
Fathers , single men , gay men , men of color , indigenous men , white men , male coaches , clergymen , mail carriers—the list of potential men to join the campaign is long . Let 's not forget athletes and coaches in the NFL , and MLB , the NBA , the NHL . Even team owners could link arms in such an effort .
Musicians could play a part , too . Caleb Keeter , lead guitarist for the Josh Abbott Band , which performed just hours before the hail of bullets rained down on the Las Vegas music festival , could be recruited . “ I 've been a proponent of the [ second ] amendment my entire life , ” Keeter posted on Twitter the day after the murders . “ Until the events of last night . I can not express how wrong I was . ”
Guys , we 're problem solvers , so let 's figure this out . The National Rifle Association considers most men tacit supporters . Part of our speaking out must include calling out the NRA . If we stay silent , they have us right where they want us .
The common denominator in all the mass shootings—Columbine , Virginia Tech , Sandy Hook , Aurora , Orlando , the list goes on and on—is that all the shooters were men . Let 's not shy away from that sad truth .
A lot of white men today feel the diversity train has left them in the station . Instead of playing the victim , these men have a lot to offer a society undergoing a major social transformation . This is not just an invitation ; it 's a call to action for men to use the power and privilege we hold to start a “ Men Against Gun Violence ” campaign in every state and territory—and to include boys and young men each step along the way . Too many men have been the shooters ; it 's time for some to be the peacemakers . What are we waiting for ?
Viva Las Vegas .
Please note : Your password must be at least eight characters in length and contain at least one none alphabetic character .
Please prove you are not a robot .
By clicking `` Sign up for MyToday '' you agree to the our Terms of Use .
Sign up for MyToday
The Ancaster Avalanche sent a message to the rest of the Greater Ontario Junior Hockey League on the weekend — they are for real , and they 're not going away .
Faced with a stiff test in back-to-back games against the Golden Horseshoe Conference 's second-place St. Catharines Falcons ( 21-6-3 ) , the Avalanche ( 20-7-1 ) earned three of a possible four points , skating to a 1-1 tie on the road last Friday before a hard-earned 4-1 win at home last Saturday .
The Falcons had entered the weekend as the second-highest scoring club in the 26-team Greater Ontario Junior Hockey League ( GOJHL ) , averaging more than five goals per game , but could n't get much going against the speedy , in-your-face Avalanche . Ancaster outshot the Falcons by a wide margin in both games — 42-29 in Friday 's double-overtime tie and 39-27 in Saturday 's win .
“ I think the biggest difference lately is our commitment to getting back on defence , our tracking , ” said Avalanche head coach Ken Peroff . “ It 's allowing our defencemen to stay up . When we play that way , with our speed , it makes us tough to play against . ”
We 've earned the right to be confident heading into a very busy schedule before the break — four games in six days .
Reliable goaltending also helps . Avs rookie Ryan Dugas continued their fine rookie season , stopping 28 of 29 shots in Friday 's tie before making another 26 saves in Saturday 's win .
Dugas , a fourth-round pick by the Ontario Hockey League 's ( OHL ) Kingston Frontenacs last spring , is the league 's top 16-year-old netminder and among the league leaders with a 2.19 goals-against average and .928 save percentage . Combined with 17-year-old Tanner Sheppard , a 2016 seventh-round pick of the OHL 's Hamilton Bulldogs who has put up a 3.03 goals-against average and .892 save percentage , the Avalanche can rely on solid goaltending on any given night .
“ We 're so fortunate with our goalie tandem this year , ” Peroff said . “ I think it 's the best pair in the GOJHL . Both are learning to act like young professionals and it 's showing . ”
Ancaster rookie Luke Croucher traded goals with the Falcons ' Nathan Smilsky in Friday 's 1-1 draw .
Special teams made a difference in Saturday 's rematch , with the Avs getting power-play goals in the first period from Dirk Stadig and Liam Van Loon , before Zach Lawrence responded on a power play for St. Catharines in the second period .
Veteran Nick Breault banged home an insurance goal with 8:32 remaining and Ben Hatanaka added an empty-netter to seal the Avalanche win .
Why they fight : US and China brawl over high technology
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-3 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 3 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : Ng Han Guan , AP Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 Workers carry boxes of LED lights into a renovation site in Beijing , China , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . Barring a last-minute breakthrough , the Trump administration on Friday will start imposing tariffs on $ 34 billion in Chinese imports . And China will promptly strike back with tariffs on an equal amount of U.S. exports . fewer Workers carry boxes of LED lights into a renovation site in Beijing , China , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . Barring a last-minute breakthrough , the Trump administration on Friday will start imposing tariffs on $ 34 ... more Photo : Ng Han Guan , AP Image 2 of 3 Container ships wait to be unloaded at the Port of Oakland on Monday , July 2 , 2018 , in Oakland , Calif . The Trump administration on Friday , July 6 , 2018 , will start imposing tariffs on $ 34 billion in Chinese imports . less Container ships wait to be unloaded at the Port of Oakland on Monday , July 2 , 2018 , in Oakland , Calif . The Trump administration on Friday , July 6 , 2018 , will start imposing tariffs on $ 34 billion in Chinese ... more Photo : Ben Margot , AP Image 3 of 3 Why they fight : US and China brawl over high technology 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — To understand why the United States and China stand on the brink of a trade war , consider the near-death experience of American Superconductor Corp .
The company , known as AMSC and based in Massachusetts , was reeling after a Chinese partner stole its technology — the electronic brains that run wind turbines . The loss was devastating : AMSC 's stock shed $ 1 billion in value , and the company cut 700 jobs , more than half its workforce .
`` Attempted corporate homicide '' is what CEO Daniel McGahn called it . In January , its Chinese partner , Sinovel Wind Group , was convicted in a U.S. court of stealing AMSC 's trade secrets .
To the Trump administration , Sinovel 's predatory practices are hardly isolated . Beijing , it charges , is orchestrating a brass-knuckles campaign to supplant U.S. technological dominance and over the next few decades make Chinese companies global leaders in such fields as robotics and electric vehicles .
According to a report by the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative , Beijing 's tactics include coercing American companies to hand over trade secrets in return for access to the Chinese market ; forcing U.S. businesses to license technology in China on unfavorable terms ; using state funds to buy up American technology ; and sometimes outright theft .
Critics have long asserted that China runs roughshod over intellectual property rights . But President Donald Trump , who ran for the White House on a vow to force China to reform its trade policies , is the first U.S. leader to risk a trade war between the world 's two biggest economies .
`` We 've been in a trade war for a long time , but we were n't participating , '' said Richard Ellings , president of the National Bureau of Asian Research . `` We 've awakened . ... This is a fundamental change . It 's a historic moment . ''
Critics argue , though , that while Trump has picked the right fight , they have chosen the wrong weapon . They predict China will defy an array of U.S. tariffs set to take effect Friday and will retaliate immediately . And they warn that the escalating trade war will slow global growth and jeopardize the second-longest economic expansion in U.S. history .
Many analysts say the United States should have enlisted key allies like Japan and the European Union — which share U.S. complaints about Chinese trade policies — to impose unified pressure on Beijing . Instead , the U.S. is engaging in trade disputes with its friends over imported steel , aluminum and autos .
`` There is no way to meaningfully influence Chinese behavior on intellectual property without coordination among like-minded advanced nations , and presently there is almost none , '' said Daniel Rosen of the economic research firm Rhodium Group .
Barring a last-minute breakthrough , the Trump administration will impose tariffs this week on $ 34 billion in Chinese products that have benefited from China 's strong-arm policies .
Once Beijing responds with retaliatory tariffs , as it has said it will , the combat could escalate . Trump has said they are prepared to slap taxes on up to $ 450 billion in Chinese imports , or nearly 90 percent of the goods China shipped to the United States last year .
Peter Navarro , the White House trade adviser , has said the United States needs to protect its high-tech `` crown jewels '' from predatory Chinese practices .
The stakes go beyond the economy . Many of today 's advanced technologies — the ability to collect and analyze vast amounts of data , for instance — have military uses .
`` Today , the acquisition of a Silicon Valley startup or even a health care provider may raise just as serious concerns from a national security perspective as the acquisition of a defense or aerospace company , '' Assistant U.S. Treasury Secretary Heath Tarbert told Congress in April .
That 's why the United States in January effectively blocked the acquisition of the money transfer service MoneyGram by China 's Ant Financial . Concerns were raised that the deal would give China access to the financial records of millions of Americans , including members of the military .
The U.S. says the Chinese government blurs the lines between state and private companies by bankrolling deals like Geely 's 2010 purchase of Volvo Cars and appliance manufacturer Media 's 2016 acquisition of German robotics maker Kuka .
In 2017 , Trump vetoed the sale of a U.S. semiconductor manufacturer to a Chinese investor as a threat to national security after Washington concluded the financing came from China 's government .
U.S. officials see a threat in Beijing 's long-range development plan , called Made in China 2025 . The plan calls for creating powerful Chinese players in such areas as information technology , robotics , aerospace equipment , electric vehicles and biopharmaceuticals . Foreign business groups argue that Made in China 2025 is unfairly forcing them to the sidelines in those industries .
Whatever the reasons , China has been gaining traction . Stephen Ezell , director of global innovation policy at the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation think tank , said China has raised its share of global output in 18 high-tech manufacturing industries from 8 percent in 2003 to 27 percent now . It is now the world 's largest exporter of high-tech products .
Tim Tangredi , CEO of Dais Analytic in Odessa , Florida , supports Trump 's aggressive moves , likening the U.S. tariff threat to America 's `` shock and awe '' military campaign against Iraq in 2003 .
About four years ago , Dais had lined up a Chinese company to help develop its business in nanotechnology that helps produce clean water . But the partnership imploded . Tangredi said the Chinese company persuaded a long-time Dais employee to defect with trade secrets .
`` They just stole it , and they are using it against us , '' they said .
Tangredi said they hope the threat of a trade war will force China to rethink its practices : `` You 've got to do something to get their attention . ''
___
AP Business Writer Joe McDonald in Beijing contributed to this report .
___
Follow Paul Wiseman on Twitter at https : //twitter.com/PaulWisemanAP
April 6 Gartner Inc
* Gartner Inc says co and its subsidiaries entered into an agreement to amended existing credit facility dated as of June 17 , 2016 - SEC filing
* Gartner Inc says amendment increased aggregate principal amount of Gartner S term loan A facility by $ 900 million
* Gartner Inc says amendment added an incremental tranche term loan B facility in an aggregate principal amount of $ 500 million
* Gartner Inc says term loan B facility will mature on April 5 , 2024 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
April 5 The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
The Times
- British Prime Minister Theresa May has added some prime ministerial clout to the London Stock Exchange 's attempt to persuade Saudi Arabian Oil Co IPO-ARMO.SE mco to list its shares in the UK . bit.ly/2o7cWb1
- PA Consulting Services , brought in by UK Trade and Investment in 2014 for a three-year contract , exploited poor decision-making by the government agency responsible for boosting overseas trade to increase profits and pass costs to the taxpayer , MPs have found . bit.ly/2o7dnCb
The Guardian
- Britain 's North Sea oil and gas sector received 396 million pounds ( $ 492.58 million ) , net of tax payments , from the government in 2016 compared with a contribution to the exchequer of £381m the previous year , according to analysis by energy specialist Carbon Brief . bit.ly/2o78KYT
- The Bank of England has flagged up new concerns about the rapid growth in consumer borrowing as Britons rack up debt on credit cards , car purchase schemes and personal loans . bit.ly/2o7sbRd
The Telegraph
- Telecom company Vodafone Plc is closing in on a multi-million pound deal to rename West Ham 's football ground . The company is in advanced talks with the owners of the former Olympic Stadium in East London with a six-year agreement possible this month , according to multiple sources . bit.ly/2o75ZXo
- JPMorgan 's head Jamie Dimon has admitted they will not move many jobs out of Britain in the next two years as a result of Brexit , in a U-turn on their pre-referendum warning that a vote to leave the European Union could mean as many as 4,000 jobs moving across the Channel . bit.ly/2o7bEgn
Sky News
- Crisis-hit Toshiba Corp is being forced to buy out a French firm 's stake in the venture behind a proposed new nuclear power station in Cumbria - throwing its future into further doubt . bit.ly/2o7c5qR
- Ministers and regulators should act swiftly to curb soaring bosses ' pay in British boardrooms , a report from the Business , Energy and Industrial Strategy Select Committee of MPs has warned . bit.ly/2o7gqKN
The Independent
- Food inflation in Britain hit 1 per cent year-on-year last month , the sharpest rise since February 2014 and marking the second month in a row of rising prices , according to the latest BRC-Nielsen Shop Price Index . ind.pn/2o7ahxV
- Around 100,000 jobs may now be at risk after a top EU lawmaker warned that financial business denominated in euros must move from the UK to the EU after Brexit . ind.pn/2o7c46t ( $ 1 = 0.8039 pounds ) ( Compiled by Bhanu Pratap in Bengaluru ; Editing by Bill Trott )
Dec 10 ( Gracenote ) - Results and standings from the Danish championship matches on Sunday Sunday , December 10 AaB Aalborg 1 FC Copenhagen 1 Brondby 2 AGF Aarhus 2 Nordsjaelland 3 Hobro IK 2 OB Odense 1 Silkeborg IF 2 Saturday , December 9 FC Helsingor 2 Lyngby 1 Friday , December 8 Horsens 2 SonderjyskE 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Brondby 19 13 4 2 42 18 43 2 Midtjylland 18 13 2 3 44 23 41 3 Nordsjaelland 19 12 3 4 51 34 39 4 Hobro IK 19 7 6 6 27 25 27 5 Horsens 19 6 9 4 25 27 27 6 FC Copenhagen 19 7 5 7 33 25 26 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 7 AaB Aalborg 19 6 8 5 18 21 26 8 OB Odense 19 6 7 6 20 19 25 9 SonderjyskE 19 5 6 8 30 28 21 10 Silkeborg IF 19 6 2 11 23 37 20 11 AGF Aarhus 19 5 4 10 20 34 19 12 Lyngby 19 4 6 9 27 41 18 13 FC Helsingor 19 5 1 13 15 32 16 14 Randers 18 3 5 10 17 28 14 1-6 : Championship play-off 7-14 : Play-off Next Fixtures ( GMT ) : Monday , December 11 Randers v Midtjylland ( 1800 )
Donald Trump is lashing out at an African-American pharma mogul who resigned from the president 's manufacturing council to protest Trump 's response to the deadly white supremacist rally in Charlottesville , Virginia , over the weekend .
“ Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President 's Manufacturing Council , they will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES ! ” Trump tweeted on Monday .
The message came just hours after Merck CEO Frazier announced their resignation from the American Manufacturing Council in a statement , noting that they were taking “ a stand against intolerance and extremism . ”
“ America 's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred , bigotry and group supremacy , which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal , ” they said in the statement .
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President 's Manufacturing Council , he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) August 14 , 2017
On Saturday , a pre-planned “ Unite the Right ” rally erupted into violence as the white supremacist protesters clashed with counter-protesters who were demonstrating against the event . A 20-year-old man identified as James Alex Fields Jr. is accused of ramming their car into a group of protesters , killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer .
In the wake of the incident , Trump spoke out against the violence but did not explicitly lay blame on the white supremacists , instead insisting that “ bigotry and hatred ” was coming from “ many sides . ”
The response has sparked backlash , as critics ( and even some Trump supporters ) have said the embattled president did n't go far enough to condemn white nationalists .
Now , Frazier is the latest in a long line of executives who have stepped down from a number of the president 's advisory councils .
Watch : Natasha Stoynoff Breaks Silence , Accuses Donald Trump of Sexual Assault
Elon Musk and Disney 's Robert Igor resigned in June , Reuters reports . Uber CEO Travis Kalanick left one of Trump 's business advisory councils in February .
Frazier 's resignation may come as a blow to Trump 's administration , as the business person runs one of the world 's largest pharmaceutical companies .
Frazier is one of only a few African-American CEOs of a Fortune 500 company , according to the magazine .
A large oak tree crashed to the ground Monday afternoon , totaling at least two vehicles in its wake .
According to Reba Bailey , owner of Tanglewood in Carrollton ( at the corner of Washington and College Streets ) , around 3:30 p.m. Monday , they and their husband , Steve , heard a commotion outside the house .
“ It sounded like a trailer was passing by the house , ” Bailey said .
Outside they found a large oak tree had fallen across a Ford pick-up truck , a Chevrolet Suburban , and a Hummer H2 . Bailey said the Ford pick-up truck and the Suburban are certainly totaled while there might be hope in saving the Hummer H2 .
Bailey said the cause of the tree falling had to be the abundance of rain lately because “ only a few light breezes ” were blowing at the time the tree fell .
“ There were no strong winds , ” Bailey said .
For more information , see Thursday 's edition of The Conservative .
March 30 The holdings of the largest 100 U.S. public pension systems rose 0.4 percent to $ 3.396 trillion in the fourth quarter of 2016 from the previous quarter , according to U.S. Census Bureau data published on Thursday .
Assets for these major public employee pension systems increased 4.2 percent from $ 3.260 trillion from the same quarter in 2015 . ( Reporting by Karen Pierog , editing by G Crosse )
Aug 12 ( Gracenote ) - Results and standings from the Ukrainian championship matches on Saturday Saturday , August 12 FC Oleksandriya 1 Shakhtar Donetsk 2 Stal Kamianske 0 Vorskla Poltava 1 Veres Rivne 0 Zorya Luhansk 1 Friday , August 11 Dynamo Kiev 3 FC Zirka Kropyvnytskyi 0 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Dynamo Kiev 5 4 1 0 11 1 13 2 Shakhtar Donetsk 5 4 0 1 10 4 12 3 Vorskla Poltava 5 3 1 1 6 5 10 4 Olimpik Donetsk 4 2 2 0 4 0 8 5 Veres Rivne 5 1 3 1 3 2 6 6 Stal Kamianske 5 2 0 3 4 6 6 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 7 Illichevets Mariupol 4 1 2 1 5 4 5 8 Zorya Luhansk 5 1 2 2 3 5 5 9 Karpaty Lviv 4 1 1 2 5 10 4 10 FC Oleksandriya 5 0 3 2 4 7 3 11 FC Zirka Kropyvnytskyi 5 0 2 3 3 9 2 12 Chernomorets Odessa 4 0 1 3 3 8 1 1-6 : Championship play-off 7-12 : Relegation play-off Next Fixtures ( GMT ) : Sunday , August 13 Illichevets Mariupol v Karpaty Lviv ( 1400 ) Olimpik Donetsk v Chernomorets Odessa ( 1630 )
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE , June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate 's CEO job .
WASHINGTON A U.S.-led air strike mistakenly killed 18 members of a Kurdish and Arab militia backed by Washington south of the Syrian city of Tabqa , the Pentagon said on Thursday .
The U.S.-led coalition forces struck the position on Tuesday after another partner in the fight wrongly told them its was occupied by Islamic State militants , the Pentagon said , underlining the complex nature of the conflict .
`` The target location was actually a forward Syrian Democratic Forces fighting position , '' the statement added .
The SDF is fighting in a campaign to encircle and ultimately capture Raqqa city , Islamic State 's main base of operations in Syria .
The militia has closed in on the Islamic State-held Tabqa area , a focus of heavy fighting , about 40 km ( 25 miles ) west of Raqqa .
The SDF said its leadership was working with the coalition to investigate the incident and prevent it from happening again .
`` In the area of military operations near Tabqa and as a result of error , a painful incident took place '' causing several casualties , the SDF said in a statement .
( Reporting by the Washington Newsroom , additional reporting by Ellen Francis in Beirut )
Foreign Minister Lubomír Zaorálek , the Social Democratic Party 's election leader , has slammed party colleague and the mayor of Brno Bohunice , Milan Hrdlička , for making highly insulting remarks about migrants in the city council 's news bulletin .
The mayor warned about the threat of an influx of „ slugs “ from Spain , Italy and other states who would devastate the country and stop at nothing .
A person who degrades people to slug and incites racial hatred has no place in the Social Democratic Party , Mr. Zaorálek tweeted .
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON , June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) said on Thursday that New Zealand 's central bank should add debt-to-income ( DTI ) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country 's housing market .
April 13 Liechtensteinische Landesbank AG :
* Has reached an amicable agreement with German authorities in connection with untaxed assets of German clients . Under agreement , LLB AG will make a one-time payment of 16.7 million euros ( $ 17.75 million )
* Payment is fully covered by provisions for legal and litigation risks and will have no negative financial impact on 2017 business year Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9411 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
RICHMOND , Va. – Virginia-based author , Erika Raskin shared an preview of their new novel , “ Best Intentions ” that comes out Tuesday , August 15th . The main character , Marti , is tired of playing the dutiful stay-at-home mom and jumps at the chance to return to their stalled career as a hospital social worker . Soon after starting , Marti gets caught up in the dark side of the hospital – with its long hours , overworked doctors and entrenched and dangerous politics – and witnesses something they can not unsee . Erika is hosting the “ Best Intentions ” release party , Tuesday , August 15th at 7pm at Mudhouse in Crozet , Virginia .
COLUMBIA - Alex Demczak left Columbia as a Missouri Tiger .
They return as a Rock Bridge Bruin .
The former Missouri Tiger quarterback is back in Columbia as co-offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach for Rock Bridge High School .
`` My wife grew up in Columbia , '' Demczak said . `` We loved it . I loved going to Mizzou , playing for coach Pinkel and the rest of the staff there . We really view Columbia as home , and it 's been a great few months back here . ''
Demczak was hired back in May to join new head coach Joe Collier 's staff , with a recommendation from former Rock Bridge coach , A.J . Ofodile .
`` He was actually a reference from coach Ofodile , '' Collier said . `` That was a coach Ofodile pick-up . Good kid , good background , high character guy . ''
Collier has noticed the impact Demczak has had on the Rock Bridge players during their first few months in their position .
`` He 's good for the kids , '' Collier said . `` High energy guy , takes care of their quarterbacks , understands them . He 's with them all the time . He 's right along their age so they look out for them . ''
Demczak played for Missouri from 2011-2014 under both former head coach Gary Pinkel and current assistant coach Andy Hill . They take the lessons learned from the Tigers coaching staff to help mold the next generation of football talent here in Columbia .
`` I would view a guy like Andy Hill , coach Pinkel , or coach Odom as my role models , '' Demczak said . `` Those guys are my mentors , and I 've learned so many things from them . ''
`` He brings a wealth of knowledge ( to Rock Bridge ) , '' Collier said . `` The guys that come around from Mizzou , they can relate because they just stopped playing . It 's a good deal for the kids to be able to bounce things off of him . ''
Demczak 's playing career ended at Faurot Field in 2014 .
A new journey begins just down the street at Rock Bridge Field .
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
April 20 Nera Telecommunications Ltd :
* Purchase Orders Of Approximately SGD19.9 Million Received
* Purchase orders are not expected to have a significant impact on performance of company for current financial year .
* Purchase orders are in relation to supply , delivery , installation & maintenance of IP network equipment Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
THE GOVERNMENT and the Asian Development Bank ( ADB ) signed a memorandum of understanding ( MoU ) on June 29 for the regional lender 's $ 7.1-billion sovereign lending program to the Philippines for 2019–2021 .
In a statement yesterday , ADB said the lending program will particularly support the current administration 's infrastructure program , with two-thirds of the financing pipeline — about $ 4.5 billion — going to projects that “ connect regions and communities and manage urbanization , such as railways , bridges , roads and flood management . ”
“ ADB is committed to working closely and collaboratively with the government of the Philippines to ensure that we deliver on our pipeline of projects , ” Kelly Bird , ADB 's country director for the Philippines , said after the signing ceremony .
This follows the meeting among the National Economic and Development Authority , Department of Finance and the ADB last month where the latter presented the borrowing program .
About $ 945 million is allocated this year , consisting of two policy-based loans worth $ 600 million , a $ 300 million results-based loan and $ 45 million in project loans .
“ I am very happy about this program , ” ADB 's statement quoted Socioeconomic Planning Secretary Ernesto M. Pernia said in their remarks during the ceremony .
“ ADB has been very cooperative and helpful in our objectives to sustain our economic growth and achieve inclusive development . This will help bring us closer to our longer-term vision of a prosperous , middle-income country where no one is poor by 2040 . ”
It also quoted Finance Assistant Secretary Maria Edita Z. Tan as saying in the same event that “ ADB has been a very responsive partner . ”
“ When we asked them to consider co-financing some of the large infrastructure projects under the BBB ( Build , Build , Build ) program , ” they recalled . “ ADB immediately stepped up to the challenge . ”
The government plans to spend over P8 trillion on infrastructure until 2022 , when President Rodrigo R. Duterte ends their six-year term , in a bid to speed up economic growth to 7-8 % annually until 2022 from 6.3 % in 2010-2016 as well as slash unemployment rate to 3-5 % in the last year of this government from 5.5 % in 2016 and poverty incidence to 14 % from 21.6 % in 2016.— EJCT
May 3 Storebrand Asa
* Has today issued new unsecured bonds with a nominal amount of nok 500m and a tenor of 3 years , with a coupon of 3m nibor + 150bp
* Nordea and SEB were Joint Lead Managers for the bond issue Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Reporting By Terje Solsvik )
DANIEL Ricciardo looks set to stay with Red Bull next season unless Formula One world champion Lewis Hamilton suddenly announces their retirement in the next few days , team boss Christian Horner has said .
The race-winning Australian , who turned 29 last Sunday , is out of contract at the end of the year and has been mulling their options for months .
They have had Mercedes and Ferrari in their sights but , despite potential vacancies at both teams , neither has seemed interested .
`` We 've now got to the point where there is a desire from both sides to continue the relationship , '' Horner told reporters at the Red Bull factory ahead of this weekend 's British Grand Prix .
`` So it 's just a matter of now really going through the detail and coming to a conclusion , which will certainly be done prior to the summer ( August ) break . ''
With Mercedes winning the last four drivers ' and constructors ' championships , and trading the lead with Ferrari this year , Horner recognised the champions could have lured Ricciardo away .
Daniel Ricciardo gets into the zone
`` I think that had Mercedes put a serious offer on the table , or an offer , they would have been potentially interested , '' the Briton said .
`` He 's impatient to try and challenge for a world title so I think they would have had their head turned in the event of a Mercedes or a Ferrari offer , but I think those two teams look pretty set where they are . ''
Prior to the Austrian Grand Prix it was reported the gun Aussie was on the verge of re-signing with Red Bull , but they quickly clarified their position .
`` I still do n't have an answer - not just for you but in my own mind as well , '' Ricciardo said .
`` There are still ongoing discussions . ''
Ricciardo says contesting for world titles is their overriding priority for 2019 and beyond - but also wants their achievements to date to be recognised in their next deal .
`` I said it from the start , the priority is to try and get a car that can win a world title because I really believe I can . So that 's the first thing in my mind , '' they said .
`` If there was absolutely no possibility then you look into other things , but I think as a driver I think I 've done enough now … even Lewis ( Hamilton ) touched on it , and I did n't even need to really say it , your value as a driver is not ' X ' amount of money it 's just what you feel your value is and what you bring to the sport .
Red Bull look set to keep the band together for next season .
`` I feel I hold a certain value so I just want to at least match that with my expectations and what also people value me as . ''
Mercedes is yet to confirm either of their drivers for 2019 , but Hamilton is expected to agree to a lucrative new deal imminently and Finland 's Valtteri Bottas is also expected to stay .
Ferrari has confirmed the spot of Ricciardo 's former teammate Sebastian Vettel , a four-time world champion who is leading Hamilton by a single point ahead of Silverstone , and Monegasque rookie Charles Leclerc is favourite to replace Kimi Raikkonen .
Horner said Ricciardo suited Red Bull 's brand image and was a popular member of a team set to trade Renault engines for Honda power next year .
Asked whether Ricciardo would get equal money to 20-year-old Dutch hotshot Max Verstappen , the winner in Austria last weekend , Horner said only that each had their own value .
`` Obviously , one of the things they were waiting to understand was where we were going with engines as well . He 's seen and understood the decision-making behind where we 've gone , '' Horner said .
`` Hopefully , the rest of it becomes a formality , unless Lewis announces their retirement at the British Grand Prix this weekend . ''
- with AAP
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Hermitage , the number one team in this week 's CBS 6 Fox Sports 910 poll , improved to 7-0 on the season after a 53-14 win over J.R. Tucker in the Cat Bowl .
Panthers quarterback Jay Carney threw for 195 yards and three touchdowns to three different receivers . Running back C.J . Jackson , who had a 44 yard touchdown in the first quarter to start the scoring for the Panthers , also caught a 51 yard touchdown pass from Carney , had another 24 yard td run an added a 26 yard fumble recovery touchdown .
Hermitage improved to 7-0 on the season and will host Mills Godwin next week . J.R. Tucker , who fell to 3-3 , was led by Keyonte Robinson 's 95 yards rushing and a touchdown . The Tigers travel to Douglas Freeman next week .
FIRCREST , Wash. – Pierce County sheriff 's deputies and Fircrest police are looking for a suspect who tried to run over a Fircrest officer and fired several shots at the officer Friday night .
The Pierce County sheriff 's office said anybody in the area should stay inside and lock the doors .
The incident began when somebody called 911 to report a suspicious truck , and the officer tried to pull the truck over near Monterey Ln . and Contra Costa Ave .
The suspect fired shots at the officer at 5:24 p.m. , then fled the scene . The suspect took off in a white Ford F250 pickup , which was found abandoned nearby a few minutes later .
There was a large police response in the area and a K-9 was being brought in to track the suspect .
No further information was immediately available .
This breaking news story will be updated .
Paris attacks victims aim to find out who held back soldiers
PARIS ( AP ) — Survivors and families of victims of the deadly 2015 attack on Paris ' Bataclan concert hall have brought a case before France 's administrative court to find out why French soldiers stationed nearby were ordered not to intervene when Islamic State gunmen stormed the venue .
The new procedure Wednesday seeks to expose who was responsible in the French government for the soldiers ' actions . It comes one month after victims filed a legal complaint with the same goal .
During the attacks , eight soldiers standing near the Bataclan as part of an internal security operation were ordered not to use their weapons . The government later clarified the rules of engagement for its military in similar situations .
The attack on the Bataclan and other Paris venues on Nov. 13 , 2015 , killed 130 people and wounded hundreds .
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach , says their cycle over
TIRANA , June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016 , their first and only appearance at a major tournament .
Amicable exes , indeed .
After performing with Marc Anthony at a sold-out show at the Los Altos de Chavón theater in the Dominican Republic on Saturday , Jennifer Lopez , 47 , showed off their dance moves with their new boyfriend Alex Rodriguez , 41 — alongside their ex-husband — at a private afterparty .
The bash took place in a $ 10,000 per night luxury villa the stars are staying in at Casa de Campo , and in videos posted to social media , the hot new couple can be seen breaking it down with Anthony , 48 . The oceanfront villa features six bedrooms , a modern art collection and a state-of-the-art kitchen .
JLo Dancing with Alex Rodriguez & Marc Anthony in the Dominican Republic Few Hours Ago 😍🙌 pic.twitter.com/dglKo3Axom — John ( @ JohnJLover ) April 16 , 2017
# afterparty # jlo # arod # altosdechavon # casadecampos # dominicanrepublic # onesir # nicksilva # the_concept A post shared by Miami Luxury Realtor ( @ susydunand ) on Apr 16 , 2017 at 4:47pm PDT
On Monday , J. Rod spent some time with children at the MIR Foundation . According to a source , the stars donated and gave out backpacks , notebooks and colored pencils to all the students at the MIR Elementary School , which opened its doors in 2010 and is adding 11 new classrooms this summer .
Last month , Rodriguez gushed about their girlfriend — who arrived in the Dominican Republic last Thursday with their 9-year-old twins Max and Emme — during an appearance on The View . “ It 's obvious . We 've been having a great time . She 's an amazing , amazing girl , ” they said . “ One of the smartest human beings I 've ever met and also an incredible mother . ”
FROM COINAGE : What Is the Grammy Bounce ?
“ She just likes simple things . She 's a very , very simple person , ” they continued . “ Loves family , is a great sister , is a great daughter . ”
According to a source , the pair 's relationship has quickly become serious . “ When they are apart , they speak every day , ” said the source . “ It 's like they ca n't get enough of each other . ”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
WACO , Texas — Terry Maston scored a career-high 23 points and Baylor ended a four-game losing streak with an 81-67 victory over Iowa State on Saturday night .
The lead changed hands eight times before the Bears went on a 15-0 run over a 2:12 span early in the second half . Baylor had three 3-point plays during the spurt , including one that resulted in a five-point trip after Iowa State coach Steve Prohm was hit with a technical foul .
`` We wanted to come out and you want to get the crowd going , and we wanted to get some momentum , '' Baylor coach Scott Drew said . `` We were able to get some separation and get the crowd into the game . That really helps , especially with the zone and different things like that , because now they 're trying to score quicker and it 's harder to score quicker against ( the zone ) . ''
Baylor ( 13-10 , 3-7 Big 12 Conference ) led 51-38 at that point and the Cyclones never got closer than eight the rest of the way .
`` When we went into halftime they told us to be very aggressive and take the ball to the basket , '' said Maston , who was 9-of-11 shooting . `` I know I was shooting a couple of fadeaway jumpers , and they told me to get in there and basically force my will into the paint and get easy buckets . So that 's what I did , and it ended up working out great . ''
Manu Lecomte added 14 points for the Bears , who won despite shooting 2 for 14 from 3-point range . Baylor made up for that with a 43-35 edge in rebounds and 52-28 in points in the paint . The Bears shot 62 per cent in the second half and 50 per cent for the game .
Jo Lual-Acuil Jr. added 10 points and 14 rebounds for Baylor .
`` I think it was just determination . We knew coming into the game we had to win , '' Lual-Acuil said . `` T.J. ( Maston ) did a great job playing with energy and we did n't want to leave here without a win . ''
Donovan Jackson had 15 points to lead Iowa State ( 12-10 , 3-7 ) . Cameron Lard and Lindell Wigginton scored 14 points apiece . All of Wigginton 's came in the first half , and they led the Cyclones with eight assists .
`` From the first play of the second half , they get a layup to start the second half on just a drive , '' Prohm said . `` It was drive , drive , drive , and then it was post feed , post feed , post feed . Then we got sped up on offence , but also , too , we got the ball at the middle of the paint , 10-12 feet at times . You 've got to make those plays , and we collapsed defensively . ''
U.S. stocks , bond yields rise after Comey statement ; oil plunges
NEW YORK U.S. stocks closed higher and Treasury yields rose on Wednesday after the release of written testimony from ex-FBI chief James Comey , with investors looking ahead to their U.S. Senate appearance on Thursday , the same day as a British parliamentary vote and a European Central Bank meeting .
They said if the process moved forward , the trapper would make use of soft leg traps to catch the coyotes , however , they were unclear as to exactly what would happen to the coyote after that . In Ontario , it is illegal to relocate a coyote .
`` Trapper John '' was not immediately available for comment .
`` The ministry says that private property owners are allowed to hire a licensed trapper if they wish if they think there is a problem coyote frequenting their property , '' Dennison said .
While Dennison used their city email , which featured city letterhead , to send out invitations , they emphasized the Jan. 30 event was not a city meeting and said no taxpayer money was spent to hold it .
`` This is a meeting specifically of people who have had issues , lost dogs , lost puppies and who have been concerned about the safety of their family — people who have had significant issues with coyotes over the last three years , '' Dennison said .
`` There is nothing wrong with me as a city councillor arranging a private meeting with my constituents . ''
Burlington Mayor Rick Goldring said there were no city staff in attendance at Dennison 's meeting and noted the city does not endorse the trapping of coyotes or the contractor present at the meeting .
Goldring also noted that while the city 's Coyote Response Strategy preaches coexistence , for the most part , there are circumstances where a different approach is permitted .
`` We do have a protocol that states that if coyotes become very aggressive and there is more than one sighting of a coyote being aggressive in the same area , we can take lethal action , '' the mayor said .
When asked about the closed-door nature of the meeting , Goldring noted there was nothing stopping Dennison from doing that .
`` It is up to each councillor to decide who they want to meet with , and certainly it is up to each councillor to decide the form of meetings they have with residents , '' they said . `` That 's their call . ''
Burlington Post
Cameran compares Shep Rose to George Clooney : ‘ [ He 'll find someone ] in their 50s '
Come back every weekday at 8:30 a.m. EST to watch People Now streaming live from the Meredith offices in New York City , and rebroadcast at 11:30 a.m. EST . Get the absolute latest in celebrity news , real-life people stories & the best of fashion and food .
Want even more ? Watch clips from yesterday 's People Now .
WASHINGTON ( CNS ) -- A moment in time that has been captured in art has now been captured on film .
The encounter in 1219 between St. Francis of Assisi and Malek al-Kamil , the sultan of Egypt , during yet another flashpoint in the long history of the Crusades -- the subject of one famous fresco in Assisi , Italy -- has been made into a documentary . `` The Sultan and the Saint '' will get its nationwide premiere Dec. 26 on PBS ( check local listings for dates and times ) .
Not surprisingly , members of the order St. Francis founded participated in the documentary 's making .
It is the story of the saint leaving Assisi to cross enemy lines and meet with the sultan in Damietta , Egypt , during the Fifth Crusade . The two discussed interfaith conflict , war and the search for peace .
Franciscan Father Michael Cusato had written four scholarly articles on the encounter . `` That 's how they found me , '' they said of the filmmakers .
Father Cusato said their input on the developing script was valuable . `` It took quite a bit of dialogue back and forth . They 're neither Franciscans nor do they know our history , '' they told Catholic News Service in a telephone interview .
`` People ( involved in the project ) are trying to read this encounter from the perspective of their own religious tradition , '' Father Cusato said , while they specialize in the medieval Franciscan world .
`` The sources upon which the encounter are based are not exactly straightforward historical sources . They are called hagiographical sources . They were written about Francis for ( support of ) their canonization , '' they said . `` A person like myself spends their career fine-tuning the lens through which you read these texts . You ca n't read them as history , but you can derive history out of them . I think that 's been one of the major revelations that developed in the course of doing the script for the film . ''
`` The Sultan and the Saint '' could serve as a model for interreligious dialogue today , Father Cusato said : `` I think that is precisely the purpose of the producers of the film . I believe the company 's called Unity Productions , and they are a group of Muslim individuals whose raison d'etre is really to present a very different view of Muslims , especially through American society , than what is bandied about in the popular press . ''
The Franciscans ' own take on St. Francis ' encounter , they added , has adjusted to take into account the 9/11 terror attacks , when Americans saw Muslims in a different light .
`` It was a decidedly negative version and vision of Islam , '' they said . `` It kind of reminded us Franciscans into remembering that in our own tradition , we have a rather unique story about how Francis met the sultan . They had a conversation under the tent of the sultan , and they ( the sultan ) was completely transformed by that culture . We like to think it was completely transformative on the other side . We take that tack in the film , that both men were transformed by the encounter . ''
A second Franciscan , Father Michael Calabria , was interviewed on camera for the documentary . They are director of the Center for Arab and Islamic Studies at the Franciscan-run St. Bonaventure University in New York .
Before that , Father Calabria was a chaplain in residence at Georgetown University , and they met one of the producers in Washington years ago during an event at the Center for Muslim-Christian Understanding at the Jesuit university . `` He described the project to me and not only being a friar but being a scholar and a student of Islam . I could n't resist being part of this endeavor , '' the priest told CNS .
Father Calabria said it is because of St. Francis ' encounter with the sultan that the Franciscan order has had an ongoing presence in the Holy Land . `` This is the real beginning of a consistent Franciscan presence in the Holy Land and a consistent Franciscan engagement with Islamic authorities there , '' they added .
They said he 's seen the documentary three times , and `` every time I see it I find that I am genuinely touched by the film , the beauty of the way that the relationship between Francis and the sultan is portrayed . ''
It 's not just them holding `` The Sultan and the Saint '' in high regard . At one screening at St. Bonaventure earlier this year , Father Calabria said , `` it was very well received by the university community . There were also members from the local Muslim community there . They got on their feet and applauded at the end of the film . ''
- - -
Follow Pattison on Twitter : @ MeMarkPattison .
JERUSALEM , March 29 ( Reuters ) -
* Israeli defence electronics firm Elbit Systems said on Wednesday it won a deal worth $ 82 million to supply an unnamed Asia-Pacific country with an airborne system for use in intelligence , surveillance , target acquisition and reconnaissance missions .
* The contract , which is a follow-on order from the same customer , will be performed over a four-year period .
* It is being performed in cooperation with Israel Aerospace Industries unit Elta Systems . ( Reporting by Steven Scheer )
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
FELDBERG , Germany — Canada 's Zoe Bergermann won their first World Cup snowboard cross medal Saturday , taking silver in the penultimate race before the Olympic games .
Bergermann , of Erin , Ont. , will be making their Olympic debut in Pyeongchang after being named to Canada 's snowboarding team last month .
Michela Moioli of Italy won gold and Julia Pereira de Sousa Mabileau of France took bronze .
Kevin Hill of Vernon , B.C. , finished just off the podium in fourth place in the men 's race . Julian Lueftner of Austria won .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Britain 's best-known publicist , Max Clifford , died on Sunday after collapsing in prison , where they were serving an eight-year sentence for indecently assaulting teenage girls in the 1970s and 1980s .
FILE PHOTO : British publicist Max Clifford arrives at Southwark Crown Court , London , May 2 , 2014 . REUTERS/Neil Hall/File Photo
Britain 's justice ministry said they had died in hospital . “ As with all deaths in custody there will be an investigation by the independent Prisons and Probation Ombudsman . Our condolences are with Mr. Clifford 's family at this difficult time , ” a prison service spokesperson said in a statement .
The BBC said it understood that the 74-year-old had collapsed in their cell on Thursday while trying to clean it , then again the following day .
Clifford 's conviction in 2014 was the first from an inquiry into historical sex abuse triggered by reports that the late BBC TV presenter Jimmy Savile had been a prolific sex offender for decades .
Clifford , whose clients had included TV music mogul Simon Powell and U.S. boxer Muhammad Ali , was found guilty of eight counts of indecently assaulting four girls aged 14 to 19 between 1977 and 1984 .
They had denied all charges , saying the allegations were “ utterly repulsive ” lies by fantasists and opportunists .
It 's time for another great Winning Weekend , and all this weekend you can win tickets to Jay Leno LIVE at The Bushnell on October 13th for the Nite of Lite Laughter !
Legendary comedian JAY LENO is coming to the Bushnell on Friday , October 13th for the 20th Annual NITE OF LITE LAUGHTER , with proceeds to benefit the fight against Breast Cancer through the Hartford Heathcare Cancer Institute at Hartford Hospital .
Tickets are on sale now at bushnell.org but all this weekend you can win tickets with 96.5TIC .
Listen for your chance to call in all weekend long . When you hear the cue to call , dial 860-247-9696 and you could win a pair of tickets to the show .
Nick Viall is no Prince Charming — at least not for Dancing with the Stars Disney week .
In a PEOPLE exclusive vlog , the 36-year-old former Bachelor leading man teases Monday night 's routine with partner Peta Murgatroyd .
“ I 'm Pinocchio — I do n't get to be Prince Charming . I 'm a wooden puppet boy , and it 's full-on so I 've decided just to fully embrace the character , have fun with it , ” they share .
But their transformation for the routine has n't been entirely met with limitless enthusiasm as they share that he 's gotten “ mixed reviews ” for deciding to shave their beard to play the famed marionette — though they stop short of revealing whether fiancée Vanessa Grimaldi gave their stamp of approval to their newly smooth face .
“ The outfit I 'm wearing , as you 'll find out , is goofy and playful , ” they say , saying he 's hoping to continue showing their range as a performer . “ Last week was obviously sexy and sensual with the rumba , and this week 's jazz , and it 's just playful and goofy . ”
FROM COINAGE : The Cost of Dancing with the Stars ‘ Mirrorball Trophy
Speaking of Viall 's sultry Most Memorable Week dance , they looked back on their choice to share a steamy kiss with Grimaldi , 29 , in the center of the ballroom .
“ It was really awesome to be able to incorporate Vanessa and have them be a part of the end of the dance and just put a really nice bow on what , for me , was I think my best week , ” they say .
“ I feel like I 'm getting better and better , ” they add , revealing he 's been looking forward to tackling the jive , which he 'll potentially perform in the men-versus-women team competition next week if they advance . “ I 'm really hoping that I 'll have a chance to stick around and see how much better I can maybe get . ”
Dancing with the Stars airs Mondays ( 8 p.m . ET ) on ABC .
Lawsuit seeks reimbursement for home care worker union dues
TACOMA , Wash. ( AP ) — An Olympia-based think tank is suing to force Washington state and a union for home-care workers to reimburse those workers for union dues or fees they did n't want to pay .
The Freedom Foundation filed the lawsuit Tuesday in U.S. District Court in Tacoma . It seeks class-action status on behalf of hundreds or thousands of in-home care providers for elderly or disabled clients covered by Medicaid in the past four years .
The lawsuit says the state automatically collects 3.2 percent of the workers ' pay and turns it over to the union , SEIU 775 .
Workers can choose to opt out , but the organization says the state has failed to honor some of those requests .
Maxford Nelsen , the Freedom Foundation 's labor policy director , says the organization was already planning to sue , but the U.S. Supreme Court 's 5-4 Janus decision last week helped its cause .
That ruling said forcing public employees to pay union dues without their prior consent is unconstitutional . The home care workers are n't considered full public employees , but Nelsen says the same logic should apply to them .
SEIU spokesperson Nina Jenkins and Jaime Smith , a spokesperson for Gov . Jay Inslee , said they had not seen the lawsuit and could not immediately comment .
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK , June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks , while tamping down the risk of currency declines , regulatory filings showed on Wednesday .
April 20 Ubiquiti Networks Inc
* Ubiquiti Networks Inc - on April 14 , co , units entered into first amendment to amended and restated credit agreement , dated as of March 3 , 2015
* Ubiquiti Networks Inc - first amendment increases maximum aggregate amount of revolving loan commitments from $ 200 million to $ 300 million- SEC filing
* Ubiquiti Networks Inc - amendment also provides that company and certain of subsidiaries will be required to maintain minimum liquidity of $ 250 million Source text - bit.ly/2o94Wrk Further company coverage :
What It Is : The Veggie Shack—Shake Shack 's first veggie burger
Who Tried It : Jessica Fecteau , Writer/Reporter
Level of Difficulty : Zero
Why I Did It : I am a huge fan of everything Shake Shack offers so I could n't pass up the opportunity to try their newest menu item . Plus , I 've been trying to eat more plant-based foods and less meat so the timing was perfect .
Shake Shack is expanding their menu in select cities and adding a veggie burger to their lineup .
Starting last Thursday , Shake Shack locations in select New York City stores , West Hollywood and Glendale in L.A. , and the Domain location in Austin began offering the Veggie Shack on their menu .
The burger , which is made with black beans , brown rice and roasted beets and topped with provolone cheese , lettuce , onions , pickles , and vegan mustard mayo , comes on a regular or gluten-free bun— and of course , we had to try it out .
Shake Shack
I headed over to the West Hollywood location with not many expectations , but I assumed it would be good since Shake Shack 's menu never disappoints . And neither did this .
It felt like I was still enjoying their traditional burger ( given the moist patty , classic toppings and those deliciously soft potato buns ) , but I did n't leave feeling overly full or like my stomach was full of grease . The patty is also a bright purple color ( from the beets ) and it was well-incorporated with the other ingredients to create the perfect texture—no weird chunks of beans or rice falling apart when you take a bite .
Even though I 'm not a vegetarian , I would totally order this burger instead of the ShackBurger going forward—and that says a lot . I 've also been a longtime fan of their iconic ‘ Shroom Burger—a cheese-stuffed portobello mushroom patty that 's breaded and deep-fried— but I think if I was going vegetarian for the moment , I would opt for the Veggie Shack instead .
For those who are vegan , the sandwich can also be ordered in a lettuce wrap or gluten-free bun with no cheese . But I 'd suggest keeping the regular bun and cheese , if you can , since it gives it that classic Shake Shack feel and taste you already love .
If the burger does well , a Shake Shack representative said it will become a nationwide , permanent item on the menu .
To get your hands on the burger , order through the Shake Shack app or order in-stores .
From Harford Community College :
The Harford Community College Foundation announces the receipt of a $ 50,000 gift from James and Anna Lambdin to name the EKG Lab in Darlington Hall , home of the College 's Nursing and Allied Health programs .
The funds will be used to endow the Anna and James Lambdin Nursing Scholarship for Harford students enrolled in the Associate of Sciences Degree Nursing Program . The scholarship will be awarded beginning with the 2018-2019 academic year and will pay for the students ' tuition , fees , books and equipment . Eligible students must be enrolled at least half-time ( 6 or more credits ) and have a 3.00 cumulative GPA . Financial need is preferred but not required .
“ Harford Community College students and the Nursing Program are so fortunate to have the Lambdins ' generous support , ” said Laura Cianelli Preston , Dean of Nursing and Allied Health Professions . “ Our goal is to provide a holistic and innovative learning environment that is responsive to our students ' diverse needs . These scholarship funds will make it possible for our students to fully immerse themselves in their studies and reap the full benefit of their education . This is a tremendous opportunity for them and the College . ”
The Lambdins have close ties to the College . Mr. Lambdin currently serves as the Secretary/Treasurer of the Harford Community College Foundation , and Mrs. Lambdin is an alumna .
For many years , they have been advocates for access to quality healthcare for the residents of Harford and Cecil counties . Mr. Lambdin has been a member of the University of Maryland Upper Chesapeake Health System Board of Directors since 1995 .
Harford Community College is a dynamic , open-access institution that promotes lifelong learning , workforce development and social and cultural enrichment . For more information on the Associate of Sciences Degree Nursing Program and other program offerings , visit www.harford.edu .
The organizers behind the Westdale Theatre restoration project received a financial jolt as they target next summer to reopen the historic facility .
Hamilton 's general issues committee approved spending $ 220,000 from Ward 1 Aidan Johnson 's area-rated infrastructure budget on Oct. 4 . The Westdale Theatre was the top infrastructure project among 13 other proposals that were voted on by ward residents as part of Johnson 's participatory budgeting process .
Johnson said the residents who voted to provide the funding to the Westdale Theatre came from all across Ward 1 .
“ It was the second most successful participatory budgeting process ( after last year ) , ” said Johnson .
Football Soccer - Real Madrid v Atletico Madrid - UEFA Champions League Semi Final First Leg - Estadio Santiago Bernabeu , Madrid , Spain - 2/5/17 Real Madrid 's Cristiano Ronaldo and Atletico Madrid 's Jan Oblak after the match Action Images via Reuters / Paul Hanna Livepic
Football Soccer - Real Madrid v Atletico Madrid - UEFA Champions League Semi Final First Leg - Estadio Santiago Bernabeu , Madrid , Spain - 2/5/17 Atletico Madrid 's Antoine Griezmann looks dejected as Real Madrid 's Cristiano Ronaldo celebrates scoring their third goal and completing their hat trick Reuters / Albert Gea Livepic
MADRID A ruthless Cristiano Ronaldo scored a dazzling hat-trick to lead Real Madrid to a crushing 3-0 victory over city rivals Atletico Madrid in the first leg of their Champions League semi-final on Tuesday .
The Portuguese forward put their team on the verge of their third final in four years and took their tally to 103 goals in the competition as they helped Madrid vanquish their neighbours at the Santiago Bernabeu .
It was another demoralising European defeat for Atletico at the hands of Real , who had beaten Diego Simeone 's side in two of the competition 's last three finals .
The plaudits , however , belonged once again to the extraordinary Ronaldo , who followed up their hat-trick against Bayern Munich in the quarter-final second leg at the Bernabeu with another superb treble , their 42nd in all for Madrid .
`` It is great to have a player like Ronaldo . You need someone to score to get the result and they are unbelievable , '' Real midfielder Toni Kroos said , praising their teammate on BT Sport .
Ronaldo headed home in the 10th minute after Casemiro 's bouncing cross caught out Atletico 's defence , before putting their team on the verge of another final appearance after the break .
Karim Benzema set them up to smash home their second on the half-volley in the 73rd minute and they finished from close range with four minutes remaining as Atletico offered little resistance .
`` We are very happy with the game , with the three goals and above all keeping a clean sheet at home , '' said Real 's coach Zinedine Zidane , after taking a huge step closer to guiding their side towards becoming the first to successfully defend the European Cup since AC Milan in 1990 .
Yet the prospect of a La Liga-Champions League double was also on their mind with their side currently lying in second place in the Spanish title race on the same number of points as Barcelona but with a game in hand .
`` I 'm very proud of everyone . We are going to enjoy it , rest , and then tomorrow start thinking about our game in La Liga ( at Granada on Saturday ) , '' Zidane added .
The visitors ' best chance came during an intense first half , when Kevin Gameiro broke through after 17 minutes but was foiled by Keylor Navas as they tried to round the Madrid goalkeeper .
Diego Godin lunged in to divert an Antoine Griezmann free kick inches over the crossbar as Atletico sought an equaliser but after that it was one-way traffic as Madrid imposed their dominance on their neighbours once more in European competition .
Madrid captain Sergio Ramos was lucky to escape punishment after crashing their forearm into the back of Lucas Hernandez 's head shortly before halftime , but Atletico 's headache after this defeat will last longer than the Frenchman 's bruise .
Simeone 's side did not offer their usual fight in the second half as Madrid killed the game off , and perhaps the tie , with Ronaldo , playing in a centre-forward role alongside Benzema , the executioner .
Their unstoppable strike from the edge of the box doubled Madrid 's lead and they completed their hat-trick shortly before the end after good work by substitute Lucas Vazquez .
Ronaldo also scored all three goals as Madrid beat Atletico by the same scoreline at the Vicente Calderon in La Liga last November and Tuesday 's treble means Atletico 's final European game there next week is now likely to be a sombre affair .
Yet the irrepressible Simeone has not given up hope of the most improbable of comebacks quite yet .
`` Football is wonderful , it 's impossible and unexpected things happen . It 's wonderful . Until the last chance expires , we will play ( to reach the final ) , '' the Argentine told reporters .
( Editing by Toby Davis and Ian Chadband )
April 6 Avivagen Inc :
* Avivagen announces a follow-on purchase order of OxC-Beta Livestock from UNAHCO , Inc
* Avivagen intends to accelerate market access and commercial uptake of its OxC-Beta Livestock product
* Additional purchase order from UNAHCO in the Philippines for 150 kg of OxC-Beta Livestock 10 % premix at pricing in line with Avivagen 's target Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Bengaluru Newsroom : +91 806 749 1136 )
Brazil 's Itau forms credit intelligence venture with four other banks
São Paulo , June 14 Itaú Unibanco Holding SA , Brazil 's largest lender by market value , said on Wednesday it had formed a credit intelligence venture with Banco Bradesco SA , Banco Santander , Banco do Brasil and Caixa Economica Federal .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
BirminghamLive readers have given their wholehearted support to the army veteran granddad denied a passport by Home Office bureaucrats .
They were responding to the remarkable case of Tadeusz Polanski who came to Britain via Africa in 1951 and went on to serve six years with the Grenadier Guards - they wore the famous red jacket and bearskin hat for the trooping of the colour .
Their parents had fled Poland as Second World War refugees and settled in South Rhodesia where Taduesz was born in 1944 . Like those caught up in the Windrush scandal they moved to the UK while Rhodesia was still a British colony .
After their army service they settled in Birmingham , married and raised their three children and worked . They ran Haby 's pet supplies shop in Kings Heath for 33 years before retiring a few months ago .
But they have been refused a British passport and told to apply to Zimbabwe and their case has been taken up by Northfield MP Richard Burden .
Now readers have joined those calling for the Home Office to hand them citizenship and a passport .
( Image : Birmingham Mail )
On Twitter , Dave Tubby said : `` This is shocking . What I find so distressing about this and Windrush is that people who are citizens are essentially being told they do n't matter to the UK , and that we do n't owe them anything . The reality is the absolute opposite .
Daud Chow , writing on facebook , said : `` He served our army , protected our elders . This man deserves a UK passport for sure . ''
Also posting on facebook were :
Stuart Harris , who said : `` Some jobsworth in the Home Office needs the sack . This is outrageous . No doubt they have paid income tax all their working life ? Stupidity reigns in Whitehall . ''
Anne Marie Gallagher said : `` No one is safe under this gov unless they have millions - then it seems it does not matter where you were born or where you come from or how you got that money . ''
( Image : Birmingham Mail )
Stephanie Valentine added : `` People that have been here for years worked or been in the armed forces should be allowed to stay . What May should be doing is stopping more an more people staying for good . There is not enough housing . ''
Alison Clarke said : `` If they were in our British Army they fought for our country then they should stay and they have been paying tax . There are people that should not be in this country , look for them . ''
It may have garnered widespread attention , but the incident that forced the temporary shutdown of Bachelor in Paradise this summer was “ nothing really out of the ordinary , ” according to executive producer Martin Hilton .
After viewing tape from the highly-publicized encounter between Corinne Olympios and DeMario Jackson , Hilton tells EW they knew “ pretty much immediately ” that nothing would come out of the allegations of sexual misconduct .
“ Just from watching it , it seemed to me that there was nothing really out of the ordinary . It seemed like summer fun that we would normally have in Paradise , ” says Hilton . “ And so it was fairly clear to me watching it that this was not going to be a long-term issue , yet even the perceived issue is important for us to get right both for the people who have worked on the show forever and with the cast . It was important to slow down , really look at this , and only proceed if everything checked out . ”
After the show 's production company , Warner Bros. TV , investigated the allegations and deemed nothing improper occurred , production resumed on the fourth season — though its debut date on ABC was delayed until tonight . Some things changed when production resumed , like better monitoring of issues regarding consent , but removing alcohol from the equation was never seriously considered .
RELATED VIDEO : Vinny Ventiera on Returning to Paradise Following Corinne Olympios & DeMario Jackson Scandal — ‘ We Turn It Into a Positive Thing '
“ Obviously , everybody knows if you have a couple of drinks you might say things , ” Singer tells EW . “ But it has nothing to do with that . It has to do with the personal responsibility of the cast . When the cast returned , we sat down with them both off-camera and on-camera to see how they wanted to proceed , what limitations they thought were fair , and what role they played in terms of their behavior on the show . They were very clear that summer fun in paradise on their end needed to include drinking . That was how relationships formed , and how bonding takes place . That was their choice . ”
One thing 's for sure : Hilton feels confident about the future of the franchise .
“ Obviously , as producers , you always have that feeling on The Bachelor and The Bachelorette , even though we 've been on so long , that somehow it could be canceled next season. ” says Hilton . “ But I feel pretty positive that we will be back next summer with another season of Bachelor in Paradise . ”
Season 4 of Bachelor in Paradise premieres Monday and Tuesday at 8 p.m . ET on ABC .
This article originally appeared on Ew.com
GREENVILLE – Darke County Genealogical Society Inc. is holding the annual picnic at 5:30 p.m. June 7 in the Greenville City Park .
This will be at the same shelter that has been used in the past , No . 5 . Community members are invited to bring food to share and tableware and come to have a good time .
Correction : Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at ' A- ' ; Outlook Stable
( The following statement was released by the rating agency ) HONG KONG , June 14 ( Fitch ) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited 's immediate parent . Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited 's ( CUPI ) Insurer Financial Strength Rating ( IFS ) at ' A- ' ( Strong ) . The Outlook is Stable . KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI 's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co. ,
TOPEKA , Kan. ( AP ) — Kansas legislators who favor balancing the state budget with a big income tax increase are preparing to test fellow lawmakers ' appetite for such a fix .
The state House was planning to debate a bill Wednesday that would boost personal income taxes to raise more than $ 1 billion over two years , starting in July . The measure would abandon core policies championed by Republican Gov . Sam Brownback .
The measure has bipartisan support but Republicans in the GOP-controlled House are split .
Kansas faces budget shortfalls totaling nearly $ 1.1 billion through June 2019 . The state has experienced persistent financial problems since Republican lawmakers slashed personal income taxes in 2012 and 2013 at Brownback 's urging .
The bill would end an exemption for more than 330,000 farmers and business owners and boost income tax rates .
Rumours of Mario Rosenstock being a judge on Ireland 's Got Talent are rife ! It 's in the Sun today that Mario was spotted out in TV3 so they put 2 and 2 together ...
I called them this morning and asked them about it and they said “ It 's true I was in TV3 but you never know – anything could be happening . I 'm up for anything ! ” – direct quote from Mario Rosenstock , going past the Ballyogan stop on the Luas .
And speaking of talent ; Ant and Dec earned 90 grand a DAY last year , amounting to 33 and a half million euro between them in 12 months . They present the biggest shows on ITV – Saturday Night Takeaway , I 'm A Celebrity and Britain 's Got Talent ...
Liam Gallagher has been dealt a bit of a blow – their new single Wall of Glass has been snubbed by BBC Radio 1 . BBCR1 is known for setting the agenda for what is “ cool ” music and they did n't feel that the single was good enough . They do n't think the younger listeners would be interested in a 90s rock star .
Eastenders bloopers just keep on coming ! Last week , its spin-off show Redwater sent a letter to Galway with a London postcode on it and this week , eagle-eyed viewers spotted that when Jack Branning popped to the shop to get fish fingers for the kids ' dinner - that they 're selling Tesco brand fish fingers in The Minute Mart . Tesco VALUE fish fingers ! Come on props team , do better !
George and Amal Clooney may have attended Prince Harry and Meghan Markle 's royal wedding , but the two women share a bond that goes beyond just being acquaintances . The international human rights lawyer has been helping the royal adjust to their new life in London .
“ Meghan and Amal have known each other for a while [ and share ] many interests , ” an insider told PEOPLE , adding : “ Amal has been helping Meghan settle into London life . It was a very natural friendship from day one . ”
Do n't miss your chance to win a Virginia 529 College Savings Plan .
Watch for the Play at Home Trivia question during “ Battle of the Brains ” Saturdays at 10 a.m. on CBS 6 .
THIS WEEK 'S QUESTION : Typically , how many years does a child have to use the funds in a Prepaid529 account ? ( 10 Years , 20 Years , 30 Years , 300 Years )
Click here to answer the question and fill out the form for your chance to win !
And be sure to watch “ Battle of the Brains ” each week so you can enter the contest to increase your chances of winning . We 'll announce the randomly selected winner on June 17 , 2018 .
Usefulness Content Freshness Summary In the chaotic and disruptive world of business , getting to the famous “ C-suite ” is n't easy as it used to be . “ Crack the C-Suite Code ” , by an executive leadership industry expert , helps any aspiring CEO develop the mindset and framework needed to manage their career toward the top , no matter what happens in the business world .
Getting to the C-suite ( CEO , CMO , COO , etc . ) level is n't as straightforward a process as it once was . In the past , a business may have only promoted from within their own ranks , but now businesses are recruiting leaders from various sources . The next CEO pick may come from management down the hall or from 3,000 miles away .
Crack the C-Suite Code : How Successful Leaders Make it to the Top provides a framework or this new process and serves as a guide for hopeful C-suite leaders who need help managing their career goals for the highest levels of business leadership .
Advertisement
What is Crack the C-Suite Code About ?
Business owners are n't limited to promoting from within when looking for leadership talent anymore . Because of that , business leaders who want to move up the career ladder must be prepared to manage their own careers . Helping to aspire C-suite executives to understand and navigate this new reality is the core aim of Crack the C-Suite Code . Working at a company for 20+ years is no longer a guarantee that you 'll be in the big office someday .
As an aspiring C-suite leader , executive hopefuls need to prepare their careers for every possibility . They need to prepare for promotion , but also possibly for leaving their company to pursue their career goals elsewhere . Crack the C-Suite Code examines how aspiring leaders can determine when it is time to make a move .
To help business executives take ownership of their careers , Crack the C-Suite Code looks at a few paths a leader might take when trying to reach the top rung of the executive latter . In some cases , executives may wish to sit tight and be patient . In other cases , moving on may honesty be the only answer .
The book does n't provide any definitive answers to the question of how leaders can meet their career goals Rather , Crack the C-Suite Code shares details of the paths other successful leaders have already taken thus showing how potential C-suite leaders can learn from the experience of others , no matter where in their careers they are . By studying these examples of success , readers learn how to create their own “ leadership code ” and carve their own unique path to the corner office .
Author Cassandra Frangos , EdD is a leadership consultant who specializes in executive leadership problems and succession planning . In their current role as consultant for Spencer Stuart , they work with Fortune 500 companies at the executive level . As former head of Cisco 's Global Executive Talent , they are credited with working with planning the succession of the longest-tenured CEOs in the tech industry .
What Was Best About Crack the C-Suite Code ?
Unlike other books which suggest a linear path from the cubicle to the corner office , Crack the C-Suite Code tells it like it is : Reaching the C-suite level is not a walk in the park . There are many factors at play , both within and outside an organization , that determine who will be the next CEO , CMO or CFO . In order to deal with this reality , Crack the C-Suite Code offers an adaptable framework to help leaders navigate . This framework , developed from Frangos ' own experience at the executive level , is valuable .
What Could Have Been Done Differently ?
While Crack the C-Suite Code offers a realistic view of the reality of climbing the ladder to executive success in today 's unpredictable business world , it could do more to address issues of diversity . Executive leaders from diverse backgrounds are crucial to helping businesses navigate through a complex and multi-generational world . More discussion on how businesses can actively implement strategies to hire more diverse leaders within the various pathways discussed in the book might be helpful .
Crack the C-Suite Code could also do more to address how executive management can adapt its succession planning for the unpredictable world of business
Why Read Crack the C-Suite Code ?
Crack the C-Suite Code is a must-read for any leader who feels frustrated by the process of reaching their or their leadership goals . It is particularly helpful for those leaders who end up in leadership roles they did not anticipate — or those who did not receive an expected promotion . The book highlights the key issues that leaders must address when trying to move up .
Frangos ' book should be considered a playbook for planning your executive career . The book does n't provide a play-by-play of every step you need to make . Instead , it provides a broad overview so future C-suite leaders know what to expect .
The book 's principles , however , are not only for executive leaders . They can , in fact , be adapted to any leadership role . If a leader needs help understanding where to go next in their or their career , this book can help .
German tech entrepreneur Kim Dotcom speaks to the press after appearing in an Auckland courthouse , December 23 , 2015 . REUTERS/Chris Cameron/Pool
WELLINGTON Controversial New Zealand-based internet mogul Kim Dotcom plans to launch a Bitcoin payments system for users to sell files and video streaming as they fight extradition to the United States for criminal copyright charges .
The German-born entrepreneur , who is wanted by U.S. law enforcement on copyright and money laundering allegations related to their now-defunct streaming site Megaupload , announced their new venture called 'Bitcontent ' in a video posted on Youtube this week .
`` You can create a payment for any content that you put on the internet ... you can share that with your customers , with the interest community and , boom , you are basically in business and can sell your content , '' Dotcom said in the video .
They added that Bitcontent would eventually allow businesses , such as news organizations , to earn money from their entire websites . They did not provide a launch date .
Dotcom did not provide details on how Bitcontent would differ from existing Bitcoin operations or how it would help news organizations make money beyond existing subscription payment options .
Bitcoin is a virtual currency that can be used to move money around the world quickly and with relative anonymity , without the need for a central authority , such as a bank or government .
The currency 's anonymity has however made it popular with drug dealers , money launderers and organized crime groups , meaning governments and the financial establishment have been slow to embrace it since the first trade in 2009 . The currency 's value hit record levels in 2017 , trading at $ 1,145 on Wednesday , a fivefold increase in a year , amid growing interest globally .
A New Zealand court ruled in February that Dotcom could be extradited to the United States to face charges relating to their Megaupload website , which was shutdown in 2012 following an FBI-ordered raid on their Auckland mansion , a decision they were appealing .
Dotcom , who has New Zealand residency , became well known for their lavish lifestyle as much as their computer skills .
They used to post photographs of themselves with cars having vanity plates such as `` GOD '' and `` GUILTY '' , shooting an assault rifle and flying around the world in their private jet .
( Reporting by Charlotte Greenfield ; Editing by Michael Perry )
Tissue engineers from Newcastle University have created what they claim are the world 's first 3D printed human corneas .
( Credit : Newcastle University )
The team create a bio-ink using human corneal stromal cells from a healthy donor . These were mixed with alginate and collagen to create a solution that could be printed . Using a low-cost bio-printer , the bio-ink was extruded in concentric circles to create a shape that mimics the human cornea , a process that took just 10 minutes .
Once printed , the corneal stem cells – also known as keratocytes – were found to grow . According to the study , published in Experimental Eye Research , the keratocytes exhibited high cell viability both at day one post-printing ( > 90 per cent ) and at day 7 ( 83 per cent ) . The breakthrough could lay the foundations for lab-grown corneas to be made available for millions of people around the world at risk from corneal blindness .
“ Many teams across the world have been chasing the ideal bio-ink to make this process feasible , ” said project lead Che Connon , Professor of Tissue Engineering at Newcastle University . “ Our unique gel – a combination of alginate and collagen – keeps the stem cells alive whilst producing a material which is stiff enough to hold its shape but soft enough to be squeezed out the nozzle of a 3D printer .
“ This builds upon our previous work in which we kept cells alive for weeks at room temperature within a similar hydrogel . Now we have a ready to use bio-ink containing stem cells allowing users to start printing tissues without having to worry about growing the cells separately . ”
( Credit : Newcastle University )
According to the research team , there is a significant shortage of corneas available across the world for transplant , with around 10 million people currently requiring surgery to prevent corneal blindness due to diseases such as trachoma . By first scanning a patient 's eye , the team says it will be possible to bio-print corneas that are uniquely designed for each individual , though it will be some years before the technology graduates from the lab .
“ Our 3D printed corneas will now have to undergo further testing and it will be several years before we could be in the position where we are using them for transplants , ” said Prof Connon .
“ However , what we have shown is that it is feasible to print corneas using coordinates taken from a patient eye and that this approach has potential to combat the worldwide shortage . ”
MORE MEDICAL & HEALTHCARE NEWS
MADRID , March 28 The new head of Spain 's Banco Popular , Emilio Saracho , is in talks to sell the lender 's property portfolio and also a stake to Libra Group , online newspaper El Confidencial reported on Tuesday .
The talks with the Greek conglomerate , which has its origins in shipping , are at an advanced stage , the paper said , citing unnamed sources close to the bank . bit.ly/2osPbY2
Libra could invest at least between 350 million and 400 million euros ( $ 380-435 million ) in cash .
Banco Popular and Libra Group officials were not immediately available for comment .
Popular , considered a weak link in Spanish banking due to its high exposure to troubled real estate assets , posted a record 3.5 billion-euro loss in 2016 while soured property loans eroded the bank 's capital position . ( $ 1 = 0.9200 euros ) ( Reporting by Paul Day ; Editing by Vyas Mohan )
( Repeats with no changes to text . John Kemp is a Reuters market analyst . The views expressed are their own )
* Chart 1 : tmsnrt.rs/2oNQJPq
* Chart 2 : tmsnrt.rs/2oSOBEf
* Slide deck : tmsnrt.rs/2pFYRTe
By John Kemp
LONDON , April 20 OPEC and some of the most important hedge funds active in commodities reached an understanding on oil market rebalancing during informal briefings held in the second half of 2016 .
OPEC committed to implement credible production cuts and reduce global crude stocks while hedge funds responded by establishing bullish long positions in both flat prices and calendar spreads .
OPEC effectively underwrote the fund managers ' bullish positions by providing the oil market with detail about output levels and public messaging about high levels of compliance .
In return , the funds delivered an early payoff for OPEC through higher oil prices and a shift from contango to backwardation that should have helped drain excess crude stocks .
The understanding was initially successful between December 2016 and February 2017 , with reports of strong compliance from OPEC , spot prices rising $ 10 per barrel and calendar spreads moving from contango to flat or , albeit briefly , backwardation .
But the understanding started to unravel with the calendar spreads collapsing after Feb. 21 and flat prices dropping from March 8 ( tmsnrt.rs/2oNQJPq ) .
The sharp reversal in both spreads and flat prices inflicted substantial losses on many bullish hedge funds in February and March .
The correction came amid growing doubts about whether OPEC was really cutting oil supplies to the market by as much as anticipated .
Global stocks of crude and refined products showed little sign of drawing down during the first three months of 2017 .
Bullish fund managers have pushed the time horizon for expected stock draw downs back to the second half of the year .
OPEC has come under pressure to reconfirm the faith of hedge fund bulls with an early commitment to extend current output cuts beyond June .
Saudi and other senior OPEC ministers have been edging towards an extension commitment in recent days .
But there are lingering doubts about whether OPEC can deliver real market tightening during the second half of 2017 .
Calendar spreads have been falling along the curve with weakness extending from the prompt June-July ( M7-N7 ) spread all the way through to December-January ( Z7-F8 ) ( tmsnrt.rs/2oSOBEf ) .
U.S. crude imports from OPEC members Saudi Arabia , Iraq and Venezuela have remained steady or increased since the start of the year , according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration .
And reported global crude and products inventories have remained stubbornly high , according to data compiled by the International Energy Agency .
It is possible that global crude stocks could be falling already as previously invisible stocks are repositioned and become more visible to the market .
There is some evidence that unreported crude stocks held by producer countries , in floating storage , and in tank farms in the Caribbean and South Africa are being drawn towards the major refining centres .
As crude is drawn towards the United States , Rotterdam and Singapore , it is captured in published statistics .
But reported stocks need to start falling soon if hedge fund managers ' confidence in rebalancing is to be maintained .
OPEC messaging about high levels of compliance has lost much of its effectiveness and is no longer enough to justify a bullish position in crude .
Reported stock changes now matter more for oil prices and calendar spreads than compliance assessments by OPEC 's secondary sources .
OPEC 's credibility is on the line : stocks need to show a significant draw during the second and third quarters or many hedge funds are likely to give up on the bullish narrative prevailing since late 2016 .
See also :
`` Oil market rebalancing : the long and winding road '' , Reuters , April 19 : tmsnrt.rs/2pFYRTe ( Editing by Edmund Blair )
George McDonagh looks at this evening 's all jumps meeting at Ballinrobe .
The First Race goes to post at 5.30pm
Nomad Foods has completed its £200 million acquisition of Goodfella 's Pizza from a subsidiary of Boparan Holdings .
Stefan Descheemaeker , Nomad Foods CEO , said of the deal , which was announced in January : “ Goodfella 's represents an important step in expanding our share of the frozen food category in Western Europe .
“ The transaction is expected to be immediately accretive to earnings and creates a complementary avenue of growth to our base business , which continues to gain market share .
“ We are excited to welcome Goodfella 's to the Nomad Foods organization and look forward to driving shareholder value by combining our scale and commercial capabilities with their deep knowledge and expertise of the attractive frozen pizza category . ”
Nomad Foods said it expects the acquisition to be immediately accretive to adjusted EBITDA and adjusted earnings per share .
Moreover , within two years it will contribute approximately €150 million revenue , €22 to €25 million adjusted EBITDA and €0.08 to €0.09 adjusted earnings per share .
Like this : Like Loading ...
RICHMOND HILL , Ont . — The man accused in a van attack that left 10 people dead in Toronto had spent two months with the Canadian Armed Forces last year , and was considered a below-average recruit who was n't adjusting well to military life , a defence source said Tuesday .
Alek Minassian was a member of the forces from Aug. 23 , 2017 , until Oct. 25 , 2017 , a Department of National Defence spokesperson said .
`` He did not complete their recruit training and requested to be voluntarily released from the CAF after 16 days of recruit training , '' said Jessica Lamirande .
Minassian , a 25-year-old from Richmond Hill , was charged on Tuesday with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder in the alleged van attack . Police said they will soon face an additional count of attempted murder .
A source with the military told The Canadian Press that Minassian attended the leadership and recruit school at St-Jean-sur-Richelieu , Que. , and noted that they did not receive any weapons training while there .
The source said Minassian was assessed as a below-average recruit , but noted that there were no red flags to suggest something like the van incident he 's alleged to have been involved in was coming .
Ten people were killed and 14 people injured after a van mounted a sidewalk and drove into pedestrians along a busy stretch of a north Toronto street Monday afternoon . Minassian was arrested a short time later .
Facebook has confirmed that a widely circulated post that praises Elliot Rodger , who killed six people and then themselves at the University of California in 2014 , appears to have come from Minassian 's account , though it says it 's impossible to know who was using the account at the time the post was made .
Det . Sgt . Graham Gibson mentioned the post at a news conference Tuesday .
`` As has been reported in the media , the accused is alleged to have posted a cryptic message on Facebook minutes before they began driving the rented van . ''
Jarrett , who said they were `` fine '' after the slur , urged in an MSNBC special Tuesday about racism that the incident become a teaching moment .
`` Tone does start at the top , and we like to look up to our president and feel as though they reflect the values of our country , '' Jarrett said . `` But I also think that every individual citizen has a responsibility too , and it 's up to all of us to push back . Our government is only going to be as good as we make it be . ''
Barr showed no signs of abandoning Twitter , engaging in a series of tweets that apologized to those who lost their jobs because of the `` Roseanne '' cancellation and expressed remorse they were being branded a racist . While asking not to be defended , they retweeted comments from supporters that attacked ABC and complained that conservatives are tweeted more harshly than liberals for their behaviour .
Barr was resoundingly condemned Tuesday , including from many who helped make their show successful .
The executive producer of `` Roseanne , '' which came back this spring after being gone for two decades and instantly became television 's second most popular comedy , said they supported ABC 's decision .
`` Our goal was to promote constructive discussion about the issues that divide us , '' said Tom Werner . `` It represented the work of hundreds of talented people . I hope the good work done is not totally eclipsed by those abhorrent and offensive comments , and that Roseanne seeks the help they so clearly needs . ''
ABC and Disney had taken notable steps to be more inclusive in its entertainment , and Dungey is the first black to be entertainment president of a major broadcast network . But much of its progress would have been threatened if it looked the other way at Barr 's tweet .
They have a history of diving into political conspiracy theories on Twitter , and that 's how they ended their Memorial Day weekend . They criticized Democratic financier George Soros and tweeted that Chelsea Clinton was `` Chelsea Soros Clinton , '' implying they were married to a nephew of Soros . Clinton themselves corrected Barr online . Donald Trump Jr. retweeted two of Barr 's statements about Soros , although not the remark about Jarrett .
Jarrett 's name came up in response to Twitter commentary that raised their name in relation to an Obama conspiracy theory . Barr tweeted : `` Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj . ''
Three weeks earlier , `` Roseanne '' was the toast of ABC 's annual presentation of its programming plans to advertisers . Dungey 's boss , network chief Ben Sherwood , even joked then : `` If anyone came to play a drinking game based on how many times we mention 'Roseanne , ' you 're welcome . ''
`` Roseanne '' earned an estimated $ 45 million in advertising revenue for ABC through its nine episodes that started airing in March , according to Kantar Media . The firm estimates that the 13 episodes that had been ordered for next season would have brought in as much as $ 60 million , with more through repeat episodes .
The cancellation has no clear precedent in television history , said David Bianculli , professor at Rowan University in New Jersey . The closest analogy is CBS pulling the plug on the Smothers Brothers variety show due to their antiwar views in the late 1960s and the same network not renewing `` Lou Grant '' at its peak , which star Ed Asner always contended was due to their outspoken political beliefs .
But cancelling `` Roseanne '' is `` like taking off 'All in the Family ' or ' I Love Lucy ' or Andy Griffith at their zenith , '' they said .
There was also CBS ' firing of Charlie Sheen from `` Two and a Half Men '' during their bizarre spate of behaviour . Sheen , for one , saw an opportunity in Tuesday 's events .
`` Good riddance , '' they tweeted about the `` Roseanne '' cancellation . `` Hashtag NOT Winning . The runway is now clear for OUR reboot . ''
Barr retweeted that , too .
Medicaid becomes the latest sparring issue in congressional race
LOUISVILLE , Ky. ( AP ) — U.S. Rep. Andy Barr said Tuesday that Kentucky 's efforts to put work requirements on many Medicaid recipients would be in their best interests , leading them toward self-sufficiency and away from reliance on the government health insurance program .
That stance could elevate health care as a flashpoint in a congressional race that Democrats think gives them their best chance to gain a seat this year in a state that has trended heavily toward Republicans . It puts the GOP incumbent at odds with their opponent in Kentucky 's 6th District , Democrat Amy McGrath , who says they value encouraging people to work but cautions that a work requirement should n't be used punitively .
Barr said in a phone interview that they support giving state leaders the flexibility to shape Medicaid programs to meet their states ' health needs and budgets .
Fallout from Kentucky 's efforts to revamp its Medicaid program intensified in recent days when Republican Gov . Matt Bevin 's administration said dental and vision coverage will be cut for as many as 460,000 Kentuckians after their overhaul plan — which included the work requirement — was rejected in court .
Asked about Bevin 's action , Barr said : `` I have no reaction . It 's a state decision and I 'm a federal lawmaker . My job , the way I look at it , is to support a Medicaid program that allows every state ... to tailor their Medicaid programs according to the state-based policymakers ' decisions . ''
Barr 's muted response contrasted sharply with McGrath 's biting criticism .
`` Gov . Bevin 's obvious goal is to take health care away from Kentuckians , '' they said . `` He tried to do it by instituting their unconstitutional work requirements . When that did n't work , he 's just going through with taking health care away any way they can . ''
Medicaid is the joint state and federal health insurance program for the poor and disabled .
Kentucky was on the verge of starting to implement its Medicaid changes until a federal judge blocked the plan last week .
President Donald Trump 's administration gave Kentucky permission to require `` able-bodied '' adults to have at least 80 hours each month of `` community engagement '' to be eligible for Medicaid benefits . That includes working at a job , going to school , taking a job-training course or community service . It was the first time the federal government had allowed a work requirement for Medicaid benefits .
Barr — who represents a district covering Kentucky 's bluegrass and east-central regions — spoke favorably of work requirements Tuesday and said the judge 's rejection of Kentucky 's plan was `` not a final result , '' predicting it will likely be out-of-step with other courts .
`` Allowing states to require work or job training for able-bodied , work-capable adults — non-elderly , non-disabled people — is in the best interest of those individuals , '' Barr said . `` Because it will help them achieve self-sufficiency and work-based health insurance , which is much more generous for them and their families than Medicaid , which is effectively a waiting line . It 's government-run health care ... it 's rationed health care . ''
The federal health care law championed by former President Barack Obama gave states the option of expanding Medicaid coverage to able-bodied adults . Kentucky , under former Democratic Gov . Steve Beshear , was one of 32 states that did so .
McGrath said that was a `` smart decision , '' saying it significantly lowered Kentucky 's rate of uninsured residents .
Asked their stance on adding work requirements for many Medicaid recipients , they replied : `` I value encouraging people to work , if they are able , but I fail to see why we are linking that to having health care . We ca n't punish those who need assistance as a cruel way to cut the state budget . ''
Bevin 's office had said it expected the Medicaid changes to save taxpayers more than $ 300 million over the next five years . Administration officials said the new rules would apply to about 350,000 Kentuckians , about half of whom already have jobs . They estimated as many as 95,000 people could lose their Medicaid benefits , either by not complying with the new rules or by getting jobs that pay too much for them to be eligible .
Health care looms as a crucial issue in the fall campaign .
Barr supports repealing the Affordable Care Act , referred to by many as `` Obamacare , '' and replacing it with a system that includes refundable tax credits to help low-income people purchase health insurance . McGrath backs the health care law and has said they favor a public health insurance option as part of the ACA . They also support expanded access to Medicare for people 55 and older .
The Hamilton Tiger-Cats , who signed five National depth players last week , have signed six International players , five of whom who have experience with the team .
Leading the way is defensive end Ryan Mueller who dressed for four October games for the Tiger-Cats , started two and made two defensive tackles and a special teams tackle . They played college at Kansas State , but went undrafted in 2015 and spent time on the San Diego Chargers practice roster .
Quarterback Dane Evans , who spent the last month of the season on the club 's practice offer after being cut from the Philadelphia Eagles and joining their alma mater Tulsa University as an assistant coach , will be part of a quarterback contingent which is bound to sustain fan interest this spring . It 's not yet clear who among starter Jeremiah Masoli , now a free agent , former starter Zach Collaros , who has another year left on a big contract , and former U.S. college phenom Johnny Manziel , will be in camp .
Running backs Rajion Neal , who was with five NFL teams over the past three years but never dressed for a regular season game , and Storm Johnson , who has played in six NFL games , starting one , will try to unseat incumbent Alex Green . Johnson played their college ball at the University of Central Florida and Miami and Neal spent their four years at Tennessee and was on the Tiger-Cats practice roster the final two weeks of the season .
Map of the restricted area around the Allie Lake wildfire provided by the BC Wildfire Service .
The Allie Lake wildfire is now 100 per cent contained .
“ It sure is , ” confirmed BC Wildfire Service information officer Jody Lucius . “ We 've upgraded the status of the fire from out of control to being held . ”
Lucious said the service no longer expects the fire will grow any further due to the current weather and resources deployed to the fire .
More than seven millimetres of rain fell on the fire overnight , which the BC Wildfire Service noted as aiding suppression efforts .
“ For public safety and to enable our crews to continue to work on suppression we do ask the public to remain out of that area , ” said Lucious .
Fire crews are still working on fortifying guards already in place , moping up the fire 's edges and extinguishing hot spots within the fire 's perimeter . Assessments on trees in danger of falling will also be done in key areas of the fires in the coming days , as well as a scan of the fire to help identify more hot spots .
The area restriction order is still in place and recreation sites remain closed .
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
April 13 China 's imports of oil , copper , iron ore , coal and soybeans in March surge on a month earlier , customs data showed on Thursday .
KEY POINTS :
Copper : China imported 430,000 tonnes , versus 340,000 tonnes in February
Crude oil : China imported 38.95 million tonnes , versus 31.78 million tonnes in February
Iron ore : China imported 95.56 million tonnes , versus 83.49 million tonnes in February
Soybeans : China imported 6.33 million tonnes , versus 5.54 million tonnes in February
Coal : China imported 22.09 million tonnes , versus 17.68 million tonnes in February
Preliminary table of commodity trade data
Commentary on copper :
HELEN LAU , ARGONAUT SECURITIES , HONG KONG
“ We have been seeing exchange inventories going down , so we are not surprised about the March import recovery . For fabricators , perhaps they are looking at the short supply of copper concentrate , and choosing to import more metal now . For sure , this trend will extend into April but for May we will need to wait and see . ”
Commentary on crude oil :
HARRY LIU , ANALYST , IHS MARKIT
`` The 9.2 million barrels per day ( bpd ) of crude imports is definitely a shocking number . That means China built close to 1.7 million bpd of crude inventory in March , way off the chart from any perspectives ! Particularly at a time when storage capacity addition is light . This level of imports are considered unsustainable in the coming months . We 're expecting a significant slowdown to close to 8 million bpd as refinery maintenance picks up , as well as the tightening room for stock building . ''
Commentary on Soybeans :
MONICA TU , ANALYST , JC INTELLIGENCE CO
`` The figures are basically in line with the market expectation . Buyers bought a lot of soybeans from Brazil maybe out of concern about Sino-U.S. trade relations . And logistics were quite smooth and shipping was fast . On the domestic demand side , soybean crushers signed many presale contracts around spring festival time in January and February , when there was mismatch of supply and demand . We expect soy imports for the coming months to be even higher , reaching over 8 million tonnes in April , May and June . Pressure on supplies will start kicking in around April . ''
Commentary on coal :
ZHANG XIAOJIN , COAL ANALYST , EVERBRIGHT FUTURES
`` The year on year increase in monthly coal imports is quite high and a bit unexpectedly . Robust imports reflected both strong demand from the power plants in the first three months and deep discount of imported coal to domestic coal . Demand for imported coal remain strong in April , but due to disruption to transportation in Australian , shipment could be lowed compared with March . ''
LINKS :
For details , see the official Customs website ( www.customs.gov.cn )
BACKGROUND :
China is the world 's biggest net crude oil consumer and top buyer of copper , coal , iron ore and soy . ( Reporting by Asia Commodities and Energy team ; Editing by Christian Schmollinger )
​President Donald Trump 's response to violent protests by white supremacists in Charlottesville , Virginia over the weekend left a lot to be desired . Trump attributed the violence to `` many sides '' and declined to specifically condemn either the man who killed a woman when they plowed their car into a crowd of counter-protestors , or white nationalists in general .
Other officials , both at home and abroad , had the common sense and decency to call out an obvious act of racist terrorism . Here 's how major politicians responded to the violence in Charlottesville .
Barack Obama
Former president Barack Obama quoted Nelson Mandela in a series of tweets on Saturday .
`` No one is born hating another person because of the color of their skin or their background or their religion ... '' pic.twitter.com/InZ58zkoAm — Barack Obama ( @ BarackObama ) August 13 , 2017
`` People must learn to hate , and if they can learn to hate , they can be taught to love ... '' — Barack Obama ( @ BarackObama ) August 13 , 2017
`` ... For love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite . '' - Nelson Mandela — Barack Obama ( @ BarackObama ) August 13 , 2017
Joe Biden
Former vice president Joe Biden wrote that `` racism and hate have no place '' in America .
No . Not in America . We must be stronger , more determined and more united than ever . Racism and hate have no place here . # charlottesville — Joe Biden ( @ JoeBiden ) August 12 , 2017
Hillary Clinton
Former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton implicitly called out Trump for their rhetoric amounting to an `` incitement of hatred . ''
My heart is in Charlottesville today , and with everyone made to feel unsafe in their country . — Hillary Clinton ( @ HillaryClinton ) August 12 , 2017
But the incitement of hatred that got us here is as real and condemnable as the white supremacists in our streets . — Hillary Clinton ( @ HillaryClinton ) August 12 , 2017
Every minute we allow this to persist through tacit encouragement or inaction is a disgrace , & corrosive to our values . — Hillary Clinton ( @ HillaryClinton ) August 12 , 2017
Mitch McConnell
The Senate majority leader called out `` hate and bigotry '' without specifically naming white supremacist groups .
The hate and bigotry witnessed in # Charlottesville does not reflect American values . I wholeheartedly oppose their actions . — Leader McConnell ( @ SenateMajLdr ) August 12 , 2017
Paul Ryan
The Speaker of the House called white supremacy `` a scourge . ''
The views fueling the spectacle in Charlottesville are repugnant . Let it only serve to unite Americans against this kind of vile bigotry . — Paul Ryan ( @ SpeakerRyan ) August 12 , 2017
Our hearts are with today 's victims . White supremacy is a scourge . This hate and its terrorism must be confronted and defeated . — Paul Ryan ( @ SpeakerRyan ) August 12 , 2017
Jeff Sessions
In an interview on `` Good Morning America , '' Attorney General Jeff Sessions ( who once joked that they thought the KKK was OK until they found out they smoked marijuana ) called the car attack `` unacceptable '' and `` evil . ''
`` You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought , because this is unequivocally an unacceptable , evil attack , '' they said . `` Terrorism investigators from the FBI are working on the case as well as civil rights division FBI agents . ''
[ ABC News ]
Ted Cruz
Former Republican presidential candidate and Texas Senator Ted Cruz released a statement calling white supremacists `` repulsive and evil , '' calling for the Department of Justice `` to immediately investigate and prosecute this grotesque act of domestic terrorism . ''
I urge the Department of Justice to immediately investigate and prosecute this grotesque act of domestic terrorism . pic.twitter.com/AwJLsfUEHl — Senator Ted Cruz ( @ SenTedCruz ) August 13 , 2017
Marco Rubio
Former Republican presidential candidate and Florida Senator Marco Rubio called out Nazis , the Ku Klux Klan and white supremacists by name .
Jeb Bush
Former Republican presidential candidate and former Florida Governor Jeb Bush asserted that white supremacists `` do not represent our great country . ''
The white supremacists and their bigotry do not represent our great country . All Americans should condemn this vile hatred . # Charlottesville — Jeb Bush ( @ JebBush ) August 12 , 2017
Justin Trudeau
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau sent their condolences to the victims of violence in Charlottesville and wrote that Canada `` is n't immune to racist violence . ''
We know Canada is n't immune to racist violence & hate . We condemn it in all its forms & send support to the victims in Charlottesville . — Justin Trudeau ( @ JustinTrudeau ) August 13 , 2017
Angela Merkel
German Chancellor Angela Merkel , via a spokesperson , called the white supremacist gathering `` disgusting . ''
`` The scenes at the right-wing extremist march were absolutely repulsive — naked racism , anti-Semitism and hate in their most evil form were on display , '' Siebert said .
`` Such images and chants are disgusting wherever they may be and they are diametrically opposed to the political goals of the chancellor and the entire German government , ” they added .
[ The Hill ]
There you have it : Literally everyone gave more presidential-sounding statements on Charlottesville than the actual president .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Saudi Arabia 's King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud stands during a reception ceremony for British Prime Minister Theresa May in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia , April 5 , 2017 . Bandar Algaloud/Courtesy of Saudi Royal Court/Handout via REUTERS
RIYADH Saudi Arabia reinstated financial allowances for civil servants and military personnel on Saturday after better-than-expected budget figures , ending unpopular cuts to a key perk triggered by low oil prices and cheering the stock market .
The king issued a royal decree restoring `` all allowances , financial benefits , and bonuses '' following calls for protests in four Saudi cities over the weekend , adding a two-month salary bonus for forces fighting in the kingdom 's intervention in Yemen .
The Saudi share index .TASI gained 1.0 percent on Sunday , buoyed by expectations of a positive impact from higher disposable incomes on consumer sectors like retail and food .
In September , Saudi Arabia cut ministers ' salaries by 20 percent and scaled back perks for public sector employees in one of the energy-rich kingdom 's most drastic measures to save money after tumbling oil prices .
The measures were the first pay cuts for government employees , who make up about two-thirds of working Saudis , and prompted complaints about the impact of austerity on ordinary Saudis .
Under the Twitter hashtag `` April 21 movement , '' Saudis circulated statements last week demanding the reinstatement of benefits , a halt to the sale of shares of state oil giant Aramco , a constitutional monarchy and the restoration of the powers of the religious police .
Security forces lined the streets of central Riyadh over the weekend , although no demonstrations appeared to materialise .
IMPROVING FISCAL POSITION
The decree said the cuts had come as a response to the sharp drop in the price of oil , which sank to a low of around $ 28 last year . Prices have rebounded since late 2016 , with Brent crude LCOc1 now trading around $ 52 a barrel compared to last year 's average of $ 45 .
Minister of State Mohammed Alsheikh said Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman recommended the change after better-than-expected budgetary performance in the first quarter of 2017 .
`` The government has conducted a review of the measures initiated in the fall in relation to the public-sector employees ' allowances , '' Alsheikh said in a statement provided to Reuters .
`` A number of fiscal adjustment measures were taken over the last two years which led to a strong improvement in the government 's fiscal position . ''
Alsheikh and other key officials highlighted trends pointing to economic recovery .
The central bank governor said the trade deficit was expected to drop in 2017 , possibly moving into a surplus , while the deputy economy minister said the kingdom had reduced its deficit in the first quarter of the year by more than half , in part because of prudent management of government spending .
`` We believe this move will boost positive sentiment as domestic demand recovers on the back of enhanced government employees ' disposable income , '' said Alsheikh .
In a further concession to low-income Saudis , the central bank instructed banks to maintain the current favourable terms of consumer and property loans , having ordered their rescheduling in the fall to aid Saudis affected by the cuts .
PERSONNEL CHANGES
Other decrees installed two of King Salman 's sons in key posts , further securing a next generation of Al Saud leadership .
Prince Khaled bin Salman , an F-15 pilot who has trained in the United States , was made ambassador to Washington . Another son and long-time oil policy official , Prince Abdulaziz bin Salman , was appointed state minister for energy affairs .
The decrees also made a handful of young princes from various branches of the Al Saud family deputy governors of the kingdom 's provinces .
A national security centre was established under the royal court and Ibrahim al-Omar was named governor of the Saudi Arabian General Investment Authority ( SAGIA ) , an agency managing foreign investment in the kingdom .
Further decrees replaced the information and civil service ministers and set up a committee to investigate allegations of abuse for the latter . The kingdom 's anti-corruption body Nazaha concluded the minister had hired their son in a post for which they were unqualified .
( Reporting by Ali Abdelaty , Sami Aboudi and Katie Paul ; Writing by Tom Finn ; Editing by Clelia Oziel )
CHICAGO — Boston Celtics star guard Kyrie Irving sat out Monday night 's game against the Chicago Bulls because of a bruised left quadriceps .
Acquired for Isaiah Thomas in a huge off-season trade with Cleveland , Irving is averaging a team-leading 23.7 points . The four-time All-Star took a knee to the quad in Sunday 's win at Detroit and finished with 16 points on just 4-for-12 shooting .
Irving missed their second game of the season . Coach Brad Stevens said does n't expect them to be out long , though they added : `` Who knows with muscular injuries . ''
Stevens also said doctors will re-evaluate forward Marcus Morris ' ailing left knee on Tuesday . Morris sat out for the second straight night and the third time in four games . They also missed the first eight games of the season .
Forward Al Horford said they were ready to play after banging their right knee with Detroit 's Anthony Tolliver .
Bulls leading scorer Lauri Markkanen also missed Monday 's game because of back spasms . They participated in the morning shootaround . Coach Fred Hoiberg said Markkanen got treatment afterward , but their back continued to tighten .
The promising rookie also had some back issues before the season .
`` We 're taking the cautious approach with it , '' Hoiberg said . `` It has not been a big issue . We just had the one episode with the back . He 's got a little bit of soreness in there now and , again , we 're hoping to get them back into the lineup soon . ''
___
More NBA basketball : https : //apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
A Dex Station for the Samsung Galaxy S8 and an S8+ smartphones is displayed during the Samsung Unpacked event in New York City , U.S. March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
A guest uses the Samsung Gear VR for the Samsung Galaxy S8 during the Samsung Unpacked event in New York City , U.S. March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
A man examines a Samsung Galaxy S8 smartphone at the introduction of the Galaxy S8 and S8+ smartphones during the Samsung Unpacked event in New York City , United States March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Justin Denison , Samsung senior vice president of Product Strategy , introduces the Galaxy S8 and S8+ smartphones during the Samsung Unpacked event in New York City , United States March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
DJ Koh , Samsung president of mobile communications , shows the Galaxy S8 and S8+ smartphones during the Samsung Unpacked event in New York City , United States March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Justin Denison , Samsung senior vice president of Product Strategy , introduces the Galaxy S8 and S8+ smartphones during the Samsung Unpacked event in New York City , United States March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
DJ Koh , Samsung president of mobile communications , shows the Galaxy S8 and S8+ smartphones during the Samsung Unpacked event in New York City , United States March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
DJ Koh , Samsung president of mobile Communications , shows the Galaxy S8 and S8 + smartphones during the Samsung Unpacked event in New York City , U.S. , March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
DJ Koh , Samsung president of mobile communications , shows the Galaxy S8 and S8+ smartphones during the Samsung Unpacked event in New York City , United States March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
A woman takes a picture of the Samsung Galaxy S8+ smartphone at the introduction of the Galaxy S8 and S8+ smartphones during the Samsung Unpacked event in New York City , United States March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
DJ Koh , Samsung president of mobile communications , shows the Galaxy S8 and S8+ smartphones during the Samsung Unpacked event in New York City , United States March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Suzanne De Silva , Samsung director of Product Strategy , introduces the Galaxy S8 and S8+ smartphones during the Samsung Unpacked event in New York City , United States March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Justin Denison , Samsung senior vice president of Product Strategy , introduces the Galaxy S8 and S8+ smartphones during the Samsung Unpacked event in New York City , United States March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
A Samsung Galaxy S8+ smartphone is pictured at the introduction of the Galaxy S8 and S8+ smartphones during the Samsung Unpacked event in New York City , United States March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Justin Denison , Samsung senior vice president of Product Strategy , introduces the Galaxy S8 and S8+ smartphones during the Samsung Unpacked event in New York City , United States March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Justin Denison , Samsung senior vice president of Product Strategy , introduces the Galaxy S8 and S8+ smartphones during the Samsung Unpacked event in New York City , United States March 29 , 2017 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
SEOUL/NEW YORK - Samsung Electronics Co Ltd unveiled its Galaxy S8 flagship smartphone as it battles to regain the market leadership it lost to Apple Inc after the embarrassing withdrawal of the fire-prone Note 7s .
Boasting some of the largest wrap-around screens ever made , the long-awaited S8 is the South Korean technology company 's first new premium phone since its September recall of all Galaxy Note 7 smartphones equipped with fire-prone batteries . Samsung halted their sales in 10 markets , and the phones were banned from aircraft in the United States , denting a revival of the firm 's mobile business .
RECOMMENDED : BlackBerry , freed of handsets , looks to software for return to glory
Two versions of the Galaxy S8 , code-named Dream internally , were launched at a media event in New York on Wednesday , with 6.2-inch ( 15.75 cm ) and 5.8-inch curved screens - the largest to date for Samsung 's premium smartphones . They will go on sale on April 21 .
`` We must be bold enough to step into the unknown and humble enough to learn from our mistakes , '' D.J . Koh , the company 's mobile chief , said at the event after acknowledging that it had been a challenging year for Samsung .
U.S. carriers T-Mobile US Inc and Verizon Communications Inc announced retail pricing for the smaller S8 around $ 700 . The larger phone will sell for $ 840 at Verizon and $ 850 at T-Mobile .
READ : Toshiba gets go-ahead for chip unit sale at angry shareholder meeting
The S8 features Samsung 's new artificial intelligence service , Bixby , with functions including a voice-commanded assistant system similar to Apple 's Siri . There is also a new facial recognition application that lets users unlock their phones by looking at them .
Samsung is hoping the design update and the new features , focussed on making life easier for consumers , will be enough to revive sales in a year Apple is expected to introduce major changes to its iPhones , including the very curved screens that have become staples of the Galaxy brand .
The S8 is also crucial for Samsung 's image as a maker of reliable mobile devices . The self-combusting Galaxy Note 7s had to be scrapped in October just two months after their launch , and the recall was particularly damaging , investors and analysts say .
`` The Galaxy S8 is the most important phone for Samsung in a decade and every aspect will be under the microscope following the Note 7 recall , '' said Ben Wood , a veteran smartphone industry analyst with UK-based CCS Insight .
( Additional reporting by Eric Auchard in London ; editing by David Clarke and Richard Chang )
A Florida preschool is defending a former teacher accused of force-feeding a toddler , claiming they were trying to save the girl from choking .
Piedad Meza Cruz , 46 , was arrested Wednesday by Palm Beach County deputies and charged with child abuse following an eight-month-long investigation into the alleged incident that occurred last summer , according to an arrest affidavit obtained by PEOPLE .
Meza Cruz is accused of pushing a 1-year-old child 's head back and force feeding them at The King 's Academy Preschool in Royal Palm Beach on July 27 .
The incident was brought to the attention of school officials when the child 's mother emailed the school director photos of their daughter with bruises on their cheeks .
When questioned by school officials , Meza Cruz said the girl had been choking and they were trying to get the food out of their mouth . A teacher 's assistant in the room with Meza Cruz told officials they heard their yell , “ Open ! Open ! ” as they tried to save the toddler , who was crying loudly , the affidavit states .
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage ? Click here to get breaking crime news , ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter .
Security surveillance cameras captured the incident on video , however , Florida authorities and school officials disagree on what the footage shows .
Investigators with the Florida Department of Children and Families and the Palm Beach County Sheriff 's Office allege the footage shows Meza Cruz clearly pushing the child 's head back and force feeding them “ at least twice , ” according to the affidavit .
However , King 's Academy Preschool claims the video corroborates Meza Cruz 's story .
“ The videotape clearly shows that the child was choking and the teacher did not force feed that child in any way and they went and saved the child from choking and successfully dislodged what they were choking on and that was it , ” the preschool 's attorney , Phil Valente , tells PEOPLE .
Meza Cruz and the teacher 's assistant were both terminated for not following school safety and standards , Valente said .
• For more compelling True Crime coverage , follow our Crime magazine on Flipboard
During the investigation , the child 's family filed a lawsuit against the school , according to WPTV . They told the station they plan on going through with the suit despite the recent criminal charges .
“ To hear finally after 8 months that they were arrested , now I know she 'll never be able to get a teaching job it was , I 'll tell you , I lost so much sleep every night just because I 'd get so frustrated thinking about it , ” Jamie Cleary , the child 's mother , told the station .
Meza Cruz does not have a record of violence , according to WPTV . They were released on a $ 3,000 bond from Palm Beach County Jail on March 14 , according to jail records . It is unclear at this time who is representing them
April 12 Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Robert Kaplan said Wednesday that the central bank 's plans to begin trimming its $ 4.5 trillion balance sheet as soon as this year does not alter their view of the appropriate rate hike path .
Speaking to reporters in Fort Worth , Texas , Kaplan said they still expect three rate hikes this year as their `` baseline '' case . Some Fed officials have talked about pausing rate hikes when the balance sheet reductions begin , but Kaplan called such talk confusing . Kaplan is a voter on the Fed 's policy-setting panel this year . ( Reporting by Marice Richter , writing by Ann Saphir ; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama )
SEOUL North Korea said on Wednesday an American man it had detained in late April , the third U.S. citizen being held by the isolated country , was intercepted because they were attempting to commit `` hostile acts '' .
The state-run KCNA news agency said the American , identified last month as Kim Sang Dok , was arrested on April 22 at the Pyongyang airport for committing `` hostile criminal acts with an aim to subvert the country '' .
The latest information about Kim 's detention comes as tensions on the Korean peninsula run high , driven by concerns that the North might conduct its sixth nuclear test in defiance of U.S. pressure and United Nations sanctions .
The United States is negotiating with China , North Korea 's sole major ally , about a stronger U.N. Security Council response , although Washington has also reiterated that all options for dealing with the North remain on the table .
North Korea , which has been criticised for its human rights record , has in the past used detained Americans to extract high-profile visits from the United States , with which it has no formal diplomatic relations .
KCNA said on Wednesday Kim had taught an accounting course in Pyongyang .
`` Invited to Pyongyang University of Science and Technology ( PUST ) to teach accounting as a professor , they were intercepted for committing criminal acts of hostility aimed to overturn the DPRK not only in the past but also during their last stay before interception , '' KCNA news agency said , using North Korea 's official name of the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea .
Law enforcement officials were investigating Kim 's alleged crime , it said .
Kim , who also goes by their English name Tony Kim and is in their 50s , was detained at Pyongyang International Airport as they attempted to leave the country , the university 's chancellor had said previously .
PUST said in an email to Reuters that it did not believe Kim 's detention was related to their work at the university .
A PUST spokesperson , who asked not to be identified , said Kim 's wife , who was with them when they were arrested , had since returned to the United States .
`` Mrs Kim left the DPRK and is now back in the USA with family and friends , '' the spokesperson said . `` We certainly hope for a positive resolution as soon as possible . ''
The other two Americans already held in North Korea are Otto Warmbier , a 22-year-old student , and Kim Dong Chul , a 62-year-old Korean-American missionary .
Warmbier was detained in January 2016 and sentenced to 15 years hard labour for attempting to steal a propaganda banner .
Two months later , Kim Dong Chul was sentenced to 10 years hard labour for subversion . Neither has appeared in public since their sentencing .
( Reporting by Ju-min Park ; Editing by Paul Tait )
Minister of Health Adam Vojtěch has dismissed the director of Na Bulovce hospital , one of nine people facing prosecution for having allegedly conspired to manipulate public contracts to Prague hospitals .
Among the accused is the director of Na Františku hospital , who resigned of their own accord earlier this week . Minister Vojtěch said in a statement on Wednesday they intend to review all supply contracts to public hospitals and revise contracts which the health ministry itself manages directly .
ROME , April 13 The Italian economy grew around 0.2 percent quarter-on-quarter in the first three months of the year , helped by a robust service sector , the Bank of Italy said in a report published on Thursday .
Over the same period , the bank predicted that industrial output slipped by around 0.5 percentage points by comparison with the fourth quarter of 2016 , bringing to an end two consecutive quarters of growth .
`` Uncertainty stemming from economic and political factors is once again the main obstacle to growth ( for Italian firms ) , '' the bank said .
The Italian government this week raised its gross domestic forecast to 1.1 percent for 2017 from a previous target of 1.0 percent .
`` The main factor contributing to GDP growth in the first three months was the estimated positive performance of the service sector , '' the bank said , adding that there was a margin of error of 0.1 percentage points on its GDP forecast .
`` In the first quarter , downside risks may be prevalent , '' it said .
( Reporting by Crispian Balmer )
Staunchly conservative U.S. lawmaker Scalise among wounded in shooting
WASHINGTON , June 14 Steve Scalise , the Republican leader wounded in a gunman 's attack on Wednesday on people practicing for a charity baseball game , is a staunch conservative and key figure in trying to push legislation through the U.S. House of Representatives .
Canada wants to avoid a big economic blow from crippling U.S. tariffs on imports of steel and aluminum . Trump has threatened not to extend an exemption for Canada and Mexico that is due to expire Friday .
The tariffs are on top of the tough renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement .
For the group , said G7 expert John Kirton of the University of Toronto , the growing financial concerns in key countries like Italy will likely be a focal point for the ministers this week — and they expect markets will be looking a clear message from them before the June 7-9 summit .
`` We now have , potentially , a mini-global financial crisis on our hands and the finance ministers are going to have to start with that , '' Kirton said .
`` They 're going to have to focus on getting the message from Whistler right .... I do n't think they ever really imagined they 'd have a financial crisis to deal with on the eve . ''
In addition to Canada , the U.S. and Italy , the other G7 countries are Japan , the United Kingdom , France and Germany .
Tom Bernes , a former G7 finance deputy who 's held senior positions at the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank , said the ministers will have to wrestle with questions about Italy .
`` While the European members will no doubt attempt to provide comforting words , clearly risks to the euro and global economic growth have increased , '' Bernes , a distinguished fellow at the Centre for International Governance Innovation , wrote in an email .
The Whistler meetings will also include ministerial sessions to discuss cybersecurity for the financial system , the impacts of technological change on jobs , international tax co-ordination , global economic risks and the role of international organizations in strengthening the world 's economy .
When it comes to international bodies , much focus could be on the IMF in Whistler .
Earlier this month , Argentine President Mauricio Macri announced they would seek a financing deal with the IMF after a steep devaluation of their country 's currency .
Bernes said they expect G7 ministers will be looking for an update from the IMF on Argentina , which happens to hold this year 's G20 presidency . But they added he 'd be surprised if any significant conclusions emerge from Whistler since the G20 remains the main forum for economic co-operation .
The ever-shifting trade gyrations involving Washington could surface as another area of dispute in Whistler , particularly with impending U.S. decisions this week on steel , aluminum and automobiles , they added .
`` There is a possibility for sparks to fly . ''
Follow @ AndyBlatchford on Twitter
By Andy Blatchford , The Canadian Press
UPDATE 2-Soccer-Bolivian championship adecuacion results and standings
June 15 ( Gracenote ) - Results and standings from the Bolivian championship Adecuacion matches on Thursday Wednesday , June 14 Club Petrolero 2 Bolivar 2 Oriente Petrolero 4 San Jose 1 Universitario de Sucre 0 Blooming 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Bolivar 19 13 2 4 53 16 41 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 2 Oriente Petrolero 19 10 4 5 35 24 34 3 The Strongest 17 10 1 6 38 26 31 4 Nacional Potosi 17 9 2
Brigitte Nielsen is pregnant with their fifth child at 54 years old .
The model , actor , and reality TV star is already mother to four sons , 34-year-old Julian , whom they have with first husband Kasper Winding , 28-year-old Killian with Mark Gastineau , and 25-year-old Douglas and 23-year-old Raoul Jr. , whom they have with fourth husband Raoul Mayer .
But now , 23 years after giving birth to their youngest child , they have revealed they are expecting once again , in what will be their first child with fifth husband Mattia Dessi .
The star announced the news in two separate posts on Instagram this week , which show off their burgeoning baby bump .
On one , they wrote : `` family getting larger # me # family # brigittenielsen # babybump ( sic ) ''
Whilst on the second they added : `` happy time â¤ï¸ positive vibes # happyness # positivevibes ( sic ) ''
The 'Cobra ' actor has caused a stir on social media with their pregnancy announcement , with many fans calling them an `` inspiration '' for having another child later in their life .
Responding to one fan , Brigitte wrote : `` Nobody has the rights to lead your own decision unless you allow them to do so . You 're the only one in charge of yourself and your own happiness . Best of luck ! ''
Brigitte has been married to Mattia since 2006 , but was previously wed to Kasper for a year from 1983 to 1984 , before they enjoyed a two-year marriage to Sylvester Stallone from 1985 to 1987 , followed by Sebastian Copeland in 1990 until 1992 , and then Raoul from 1993 to 2005 .
We all have our distinct personalities and there is a home for each of us
Yesterday was a full day as I spent the afternoon/evening showing several acreages to a client .
Acreages are vastly different from property to property and often mean a lot of walking and discovering different landscape , foliage and even a friendly black horse that wants to follow you around the yard !
I have watched many of my favorite Central Alberta builders post acreage projects on social media and they always look beautiful and make me want to run to each job site to see the progress .
Acreages give us so many options for house placement and extra features to make the property truly unique .
Decks are undoubtedly the most wonderful choice on an acreage , the sky is the limit !
You can create a covered or uncovered outdoor space which rivals the square footage of the actual house to take advantage of the views and landscape that you are developing . Obviously , the restrictions of a city deck have limitations for size and permitted use but in the country , these outdoor spaces can be every realization of your imagination and they are fabulous !
Many acreage properties have a deck on several sides of the home to allow you to follow the sun all day .
I have a delightful chalet style acreage listed that has a deck off the south , east , north AND west side on different levels of the home .
Small Juliet balconies in the loft and large balconies on the main south exposure give you endless options for taking in the sights and sounds . I would have a hard time deciding where to sit and which appropriate beverage to consume on each different balcony or deck !
When deciding between acreage or city life one must consider that acreage life gives you boundless opportunities to draw you outside regardless of the season .
When I lived in the city , outside time was penetrated by sirens , traffic noise and neighbours ' dogs and kids . Now , my morning coffee is accompanied by birds chirping and cloud watching , and it is very peaceful .
I am impressed at how much more time I spent outside than I did when I lived ‘ in town ' ( as the local country folk call it ) . Acreage living is more about the outside space whereas city homes are sold for their inside merits and features .
When you are considering a home and the outside space is non-existent like in a condo , you must have every item working on the inside of your home and need the space to live your life 100 % on the inside .
Some places will have storage available and you will need to be sure that these properties work for you .
For some , the lack of yard work is a blessing and they enjoy the maintenance-free lifestyle .
The personalities of homes and land never ceases to amaze me , and it is always fascinating to discover the different aspects of city vs. country life .
To some a high tech condo in the sky is a kingdom and to others a modest mobile on a vast section of land makes one feel like the most fortunate person in the world .
We all have our distinct personalities and there is a home for each of us that will satisfy our unique and differing needs .
Kim Wyse is a Central Alberta freelance designer . Find them on facebook at ‘ Kim Wyse Associate Royal Lepage Tamarack Trail Realty ' .
April 10 Shenzhen Sunline Tech Co Ltd
* Sees net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to decrease by 65 percent to 95 percent , or to be 480,700 yuan to 3.4 million yuan
* Says the net profit of FY 2016 Q1 was 9.6 million yuan
* Comments that increased management expense and selling expense as reasons
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/4q3VQQ
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NEW YORK — A woman 's son allegedly choked their mother 's ex-boyfriend to death Monday after spotting the man beating them inside their New York City apartment , police said .
The 43-year-old ex-boyfriend showed up at the University Avenue unit in the Bronx around 4:30 a.m. to talk to the mother , police told WPIX . The two argued in the hallway , then they followed them into the apartment .
The man , who police did n't immediately identify Monday , then began beating the 37-year-old woman , officers said . Them 18-year-old son heard what was happening and rushed out of their bedroom .
The teen allegedly fought with their mom 's ex-boyfriend , pulling them off of their mother before choking the man to death , police said .
Police sources said the mother , who had briefly passed out , woke up to the sight of their son standing over their ex-boyfriend .
The dead man has 26 prior arrests , two for domestic violence against the teenager 's mother , sources told WPIX .
Police took the teen into custody . No charges have been filed as of Monday evening .
YOUR DAILY DOSE OF 'D'AWW ' This Husky Puppy Is So Itty Bitty They Ca n't Stop Tripping Over Their Owner 's Footprints In The Snow
To be a little puppy in a big , snowy world ai n't easy , but it sure is fun .
A 59-year-old Hamilton man is facing charges after police allegedly found a large stash of drugs on Beach Boulevard and in a storage facility in Burlington .
Police say they found drugs in an initial search on Beach Boulevard and a .45-calibre handgun and ammunition in the second search of the Burlington storage locker . Officers also found a `` large sum '' of cash .
Douglas Noble , 59 , faces trafficking charges related to cocaine , heroin , fentanyl , methamphetamine and marijuana . They also face firearm charges and a breach of probation charge .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — The stock market has finally found something to fear .
For more than a year , investors have brushed off bombastic talk about nuclear war , dysfunction on Capitol Hill and other worrisome situations . The Dow Jones industrial average and the Standard & Poor 's 500 glided to record after record , with few hiccups .
This week , the calm cracked . The stock market finally got spooked by an ongoing sell-off in bonds . As bond prices fall , their yields go up , a signal of rising interest rates . Low interest rates have been an underpinning of the current bull market in stocks , now in its ninth year .
On Friday , the rate on the 10-year Treasury note jumped to a four-year high . The Dow and S & P 500 each lost around 4 percent , their worst week since January 2016 . On Friday , the Dow dropped 665 points , or 2.5 percent . Some earnings-related selling in big names such as Apple and Exxon Mobil added to the swoon .
Advertisement
Some investors believe the market can recover , noting that both global economic growth and corporate earnings remain strong . One hallmark of this bull market has been investors ' willingness to buy the dips . This week 's drop could test their resolve .
Since the Great Recession , ultra-low interest rates have made it easier for businesses and companies to borrow . They also have pushed investors into buying stocks by minimizing the interest payments from bonds .
Rates were due to rise , and investors cast a wary eye on the 10-year Treasury as it rose earlier this year . Those concerns hit a high point on Friday after a U.S. government report said wages last month rose at the fastest pace in eight years .
Bigger paychecks are a welcome sight for workers , but can also signal that inflation is about to pick up across the economy . Inflation has been relatively dormant since the recession . This week , the Federal Reserve said it expects inflation to finally pick up this year .
The Fed could raise interest rates more quickly than investors are prepared for if inflation accelerates at too fast a pace . That could further upset markets , which have seen an unusual lack of volatility for more than a year . After Friday 's jobs report , some economists raised their forecast for Fed rate increases this year to four from three .
The yield on the 10-year Treasury climbed to 2.84 percent Friday from 2.79 percent late Thursday and from 2.41 percent at the start of the year . It 's at its highest level since 2014 .
`` We are rapidly approaching the point at which low rates will no longer provide support to the equity market , '' said Eric Winograd , senior U.S. economist at AllianceBernstein .
Those concerns echoed worldwide . Other markets around the world were similarly weak as interest rates climbed . The German DAX index lost 4.2 percent over the week , and South Korea 's Kospi index lost 1.9 percent .
Investors have cited low interest rates are one reason they 've continued to buy stocks , even as prices rose faster than corporate earnings . By that measure , the price-earnings ratio , the S & P 500 is close to the most expensive it 's been in many years , adjusted for inflation .
Higher interest rates tend to make investors less willing to pay high price-earnings ratios . Hence all the focus on exactly how many times the Fed will raise rates this year .
Still , many fund managers and analysts say they 're optimistic stocks can keep rising , even if interest rates continue to climb . As long as inflation does n't spike out of control , stocks can rise if earnings continue to grow .
Many analysts expect earnings to keep growing because of the strength in the global economy . Few economists see a recession striking anytime soon .
The strengthening economy is translating into not only stronger profits for companies but also better sales , something that investors have been keen to see . Roughly half the companies in the S & P 500 have given updates on their performance for the last three months of 2017 , and 79 percent of them have reported stronger revenue for the quarter than analysts expected , according to S & P Global Market Intelligence . That compares with 67 percent a quarter earlier .
What makes this past week 's market drop particularly noticeable for investors is how rare a decline has been for stocks . Before Friday , the last time the S & P 500 index fell 2 percent in a day was in September 2016 .
But historically , pullbacks for stocks are normal , and investors should n't be surprised if stocks drop by 5 percent or even 10 percent before they begin rising again .
The S & P 500 still has not experienced a decline of 5 percent in roughly 400 trading days , even after this past week 's 3.9 percent drop . That 's a record number of days . Going back to 1929 , the average was 92 days , according to Goldman Sachs .
Or , as Greg McBride , chief financial analyst at Bankrate.com , said : `` Markets go up and down , not just up . ''
LUBBOCK , Texas — Juicy Landrum scored 20 points and No . 3 Baylor overwhelmed Texas Tech for the second time this season , 90-44 on Saturday for its 18th straight win .
Baylor ( 21-1 , 11-0 Big 12 ) went on a 15-0 run to end the first quarter . Dekeiya Cohen finished with 19 points while Kristy Wallace had 16 points and 11 rebounds .
Jada Terry had 10 points to lead Texas Tech ( 7-15 , 1-10 ) .
After the Lady Raiders lost 97-49 at Baylor on Dec. 31 , coach Candi Whitaker was fired . They are 1-8 under interim coach Shimmy Gray-Miller .
Season 6 of Kim Zolciak-Biermann ‘ s Do n't Be Tardy kicks off Friday with a very special two-part episode in which the reality star heads to the Italian cities of Florence and Venice on a work trip with their husband Kroy Biermann and daughters Brielle Biermann and Ariana Biermann .
It 's a getaway the 39-year-old Real Housewives of Atlanta star has long dreamt of as it marked their first time in the European country . But the realities did not match their expectations — especially when it came to food .
“ I had this vision of Italy like , ‘ Ugh , the best food in the world ! The cappuccinos ! ' and kind of these things . And … I did n't really think it was like actually any good , ” Zolciak-Biermann tells PEOPLE . “ I was very hungry there . ”
Asked what their favorite meal they ate in Italy was , the mother of six had a surprising answer .
“ I went to McDonald 's and had a hot fudge sundae , ” they said .
RELATED : Celebrities Who Love Fast Food and Do n't Care Who Knows It
Thinking more , Zolciak-Biermann was able to come up with something else but it did n't seem to change their overall impression .
“ I had this truffle ravioli in Florence that was delicious , actually . But I had this vision my whole life , like canals and cheesecake and everything . And it 's definitely not like that . ”
They continued : “ I loved Florence , I loved the buildings , I loved the shopping , but the food was gross . And with Venice , I thought would be super romantic and beautiful but it had a funny smell and it 's dirty . ”
That does n't mean Zolciak-Biermann regrets the trip . “ I 'm so glad I finally went , ” they said . “ Knocked that one off the list . ”
RELATED : ‘ He 's Got a Really Cute Butt ' : Inside Kim Zolciak-Biermann & Husband Kroy 's Loving ( and Totally Unfiltered ! ) Relationship
Another good thing happened while in Italy : Zolciak-Biermann decided to surprise husband Kroy with the idea to renew their wedding vows .
The couple first tied the knot in 2011 and reinforced their bond while on a tropical vacation with their whole family , including Brielle , 20 , Ariana , 15 , KJ , 6 , Kash , 5 , and twins Kaia and Kane , 3 .
While their actual wedding anniversary is n't until Nov. 11 , the renewal ceremony lined up with another big milestone — the first time they met . The pair were first introduced in May 2010 during a Dancing with Atlanta Stars event . ( RHOA fans will remember which of Kroy 's , ahem , assets immediately caught Kim 's eye ! )
REALTED VIDEO : Kim Zolciak-Biermann Renews Vows to Husband Kroy Biermann in Gorgeous Beach Ceremony
“ The vow renewal , which is something I 've always wanted to do , comes 7 years to the day we met , ” they say . “ We renewed our vows , which was really special . I 'm really looking forward to watching that again . Just because I feel like it went so fast ! ”
This season will also bring “ a lot of happy tears ” and some “ painful ones too ” for Zolciak-Biermann . “ It 's a lot of fun , ” they gush . “ Who would have thought walking off one show would have landed me another ? Life is good ! I 'm nuts I 've officially lost my marbles again . I 'm officially nuts . ”
Do n't Be Tardy airs Fridays ( 8 p.m . ET ) on Bravo .
The logo of Hyundai is pictured at at the 37th Bangkok International Motor Show in Bangkok , Thailand , March 22 , 2016 . REUTERS/Chaiwat Subprasom/File Photo
PRAGUE Workers at Hyundai Motor Co 's ( 005380.KS ) Czech car factory will get on average a 12 percent pay rise this year , local management said on Tuesday , the latest big increase at a major manufacturer in Europe 's tightest labour market .
Unemployment in the Czech Republic is the lowest in the European Union at a rate of 3.4 percent , according to Eurostat , and many companies have complained of a labour shortage which is pushing up pay levels .
Wages have also been a key indicator for the central bank as it nears an end to a cap on the crown that has been in place since late 2013 now that inflation is back on target . It forecasts nominal wage growth of 5.2 percent this year and 4.9 percent next year .
Hyundai workers will get a 4.56 percent base pay increase this year and 4.66 percent raise next year while bonuses will account for the rest of the pay hike . In the previous collective agreement , wages rose on average by 8 percent including bonuses .
The car industry is an important contributor to the export-reliant economy and Hyundai 's plant is one of three in the country of 10.6 million .
A joint venture of Toyota ( 7203.T ) and Peugeot ( PEUP.PA ) also operate a plant while the biggest is Skoda Auto , a subsidiary of Volkswagen ( VOWG_p.DE ) , the country 's largest exporter .
Skoda workers negotiated to get record bonuses of up to 90,000 crowns ( $ 3,614.75 ) for this year .
( Reporting by Jason Hovet ; Editing by Greg Mahlich )
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Melania , or more specifically Melania 's hat , what were you saying ?
The media and the Twitterverse had a big time Tuesday with the first lady 's I-spy chapeau , a wide-brim number designed by Herve Pierre that would have been perfect had the sun been out in Washington .
It was a grand topper for Mrs. Trump 's bright white Michael Kors suit and some said it stole the show during the South Lawn military pageantry welcoming French President Emmanuel Macron and their wife , Brigitte , during their first official state visit .
Others on the social media sidelines were merely perplexed .
Advertisement
Was the hat more Joan Collins ' Alexis Carrington Colby on `` Dynasty '' or Kerry Washington 's Olivia Pope on `` Scandal ? '' Was the grim-faced first lady in theoretical need of help as some asked on Inauguration Day ?
Mrs. Trump kept their hat in place as the group moved indoors and also at the National Gallery of Art for a Cezanne break with Mrs. Macron , who wore a creamier shade of white , but no hat .
`` Melania 's hat for president , '' one tweeter declared . Others shared the sentiment .
Another chimed in : `` Getting some serious Beyonce Formation vibes from Melania 's hat this morning . '' Bey wore a version in black in the video for that hit .
Others on social media stuck to matters of etiquette , like the Twitter account of I 'm Every Woman : `` Melania 's hat might be OK for the races , a runway or even Church , not to wear when greeting visitors when you want to express a warm welcome . You want people to see your eyes and face and not impose an obstacle to the two cheek kiss , a French greeting . ''
One thing was certain . Mrs. Trump was seriously committed to them hat .
FILE PHOTO : Former Football Association chairperson David Bernstein poses with their Commander of the Order of the British Empire ( CBE ) medal after being knighted by Britain 's Prince Charles at Buckingham Palace in London February 12 , 2014 . REUTERS/John Stillwell/pool
LONDON Former Manchester City chairperson and lifelong fan of the club David Bernstein admits to some disquiet as the team prepare for Sunday 's Premier League trip to Arsenal .
`` It 's a bit difficult . I 've got to support City , they 're my club . But I 've got a lot of time for ( Arsenal manager ) Arsene Wenger . If they got a battering , I 'd feel very , very sorry for him , '' the 73-year-old told Reuters in an interview .
`` I think he 's a fantastic manager , I admire them as a person , '' Bernstein , speaking at a Cogress Investor Club event this week , said of the under-fire Frenchman .
Former FA chairperson Bernstein has never made any secret of their admiration for Wenger , even if they would not comment on how much they may have wanted them as England boss during their tenure .
The match at the Emirates is the first of two clashes between underperforming teams that hoped to challenge for the Premier League title but are now scrapping for a top-four finish and Champions League berth behind runaway leaders Chelsea .
The second clash is an FA Cup semi-final on April 23 at Wembley Stadium , and if City were to win both games the pressure on Wenger would be even greater after six losses in nine games .
`` When I was at City , I asked ( former vice-chairperson of Arsenal and the FA ) David Dein if I could meet them ( Wenger ) , when we were in the second division . And I had two hours with them at the Arsenal training ground on my own , '' said Bernstein .
`` He was fantastic ... I went back and a lot of what happened at City was because of him . They were tremendous . So I have got a lot of sympathy for him . I 'm really sad to see this sort of decline . ''
Wenger 's contract runs out at the end of the season and the Frenchman has said they will soon announce whether they will sign a new deal but many of the club 's supporters want them to leave .
`` I 'm not going to speculate on what they should do , he 's their own man , '' said Bernstein . `` All I do know is that when he 's gone , they 're going to miss them badly . That 's for sure . ''
GOING DOWN
When Bernstein became City chairperson in 1998 , the Sky Blues were on their way down to the third tier of English football for the first time in their history -- playing against the likes of Gillingham Town and Colchester United .
Wenger , meanwhile , in their first full season at the club was leading Arsenal to the league and FA Cup double in 1997-98 .
Bernstein , who quit City in March 2003 , said : `` For a period of time , a number of years , I was the man . I was the boss . I could do it my way . It was n't my club , I did n't own it , but I had that authority .
`` My first two years with ( manager ) Joe Royle were my best two years in football . Being in the trenches , playing York City and Lincoln City and Wycombe Wanderers in the league . And losing . It 's inconceivable .
`` Our total income as a club when I became chairperson was 13 million pounds ( $ 16.20 million ) . Now I think it 's 400 million . ''
The money poured in by the current Abu Dhabi owners since 2008 has made City one of the wealthiest clubs in the world and able to secure the services of former Barcelona and Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola .
With City knocked out of the Champions League in the last 16 and standing third in the Premier League , 12 points behind Chelsea , Bernstein feels the Spaniard has plenty of work to do .
`` On their day , they ( City ) are fantastic , a wonderful attacking side and so on , but they 've disappointed , '' they said .
`` The owners are looking for a lot more . With that money and that investment , this is a club that should really be strongly challenging for the ( English ) championship and for Europe . So , so far not proven . ''
( The story fixes typo , changing Congress to Cogress in para three )
( Reporting by Alan Baldwin , editing by ... )
Subscribe for full access
ENDS Europe offers individual subscriptions and bespoke corporate packages with prices starting from £763
For further information on how to subscribe or if you would
like to discuss what package best suits your company , please contact Benjamin Turek on benjamin.turek @ haymarket.com or +44 ( 0 ) 208 267 4629 . Or visit our subscribe page .
Or take a free trial
Take a 14-day free trial with full access to ENDS Europe website and bulletins
Start my free trial
A Facebook logo on an Ipad is reflected among source code on the LCD screen of a computer , in this photo illustration taken in Sarajevo June 18 , 2014 . REUTERS/Dado Ruvic
A Google logo is seen in a store in Los Angeles , California , U.S. , March 24 , 2017 . REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
Emmanuel Macron of the political movement En Marche ! ( Onwards ! ) attends a prime-time televised debate for the candidates at French 2017 presidential election in La Plaine Saint-Denis , near Paris , France , April 4 , 2017 . REUTERS/Lionel Bonaventure/Pool
PARIS French presidential candidate and frontrunner Emmanuel Macron said on Monday they would step up efforts to get technology firms such as Google or Facebook to share encrypted content from messaging services with authorities .
Governments around the world are increasingly looking at how they can lean on major U.S. tech companies in their efforts to prevent militant attacks and beef up security , including by asking them to do more to stop hate speech and extremist activities online .
That has sparked a debate over users ' privacy , however .
Macron , a centrist and favored to win France 's two-part election if they make it to a run-off on May 7 , said they would require firms like Google , Apple , Facebook and Twitter to rapidly remove any extremist propaganda from their sites .
Outlining their policies on security in France , which has been hit by several deadly Islamist attacks in the past two years , Macron added that they would strengthen measures requiring tech companies to give law enforcement access to encrypted material .
`` If I get elected , France will as of this summer undertake a major initiative aimed at the big internet companies so that they accept a legal framework for requisitions of encrypted services in the context of counter-terrorism efforts , '' Macron told a news conference .
They said they wanted to build on this effort alongside other European countries .
British officials demanded last month that tech firms do more to help police gain access to messaging services and track suspects ' communications , after an attack in Westminster , London , where the perpetrator had used encrypted communications .
Germany is planning a new law calling for social networks like Facebook and Twitter to remove hate speech quickly or face fines of up to 50 million euros ( $ 54 million ) .
Google declined to comment . Facebook , Apple and Twitter did not immediately respond to requests for comment .
( Reporting by Sarah White and Mathieu Rosemain ; Editing by Toby Chopra )
A 50-year-old man has been charged with attempted murder following a serious assault on two men in their 20s in Portadown .
The men , aged 22 and 25 , were attacked in the Garvaghy Road area on Sunday .
They suffered head injuries after being attacked by a group of men who were carrying weapons at about 4.30am .
A burned-out car , believed to be related to the assault , was later found on the Drumnagoon Road .
The accused is expected before Lisburn Magistrates Court this morning ( Monday , August 14 ) ..
UPDATE 1-Kazakh Halyk Bank to inject $ 585 mln into KKB after takeover
ALMATY , June 15 Kazakhstan 's Halyk Bank , said on Thursday it would inject 185 billion tenges ( $ 585 million ) into Kazkommertsbank after buying almost full control of the troubled lender .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
January 3 , 2014
Tuesday before Epiphany
1st Reading : 1 Jn 2:29–3:6
Gospel : Jn 1:29–34
When John saw Jesus coming towards him , they said , “ There is the Lamb of God , who takes away the sin of the world . It is they of whom I said : A man comes after me who is already ahead of me , for they were before me . I myself did not know him , but I came baptizing to prepare for him , so that they might be revealed in Israel . ”
And John also gave this testimony , “ I saw the Spirit coming down on them like a dove from heaven and resting on him . I myself did not know them but God who sent me to baptize told me : ‘ You will see the Spirit coming down and resting on the one who baptizes with the Holy Spirit . ' Yes , I have seen ! and I declare that this is the Chosen One of God . ”
D @ iGITAL-EXPERIENCE
( Daily Gospel in the Assimilated Life Experience )
John the Baptist 's description of Jesus as the Lamb of God pulled together significant scriptural references to the saving event the Jews experienced on their way out of Egypt . Central to the instruction Moses received from God when Pharaoh remained obstinate was the Passover Lamb . “ Each man must take a lamb… without blemish… Some of the blood must then be taken and put on the two doorposts and the lintel of the houses where it is eaten… ( Exodus 12:3 ff . ) This blood smeared on the doorposts drove away from the houses of the chosen people the angel of death that was roving around to slay the first born of the Egyptians . The slaying was to force Pharaoh to lift their hold departure order against God 's people . As the blood of the Passover lamb smeared on the doorpost drove away the angel of destruction , so the blood of Jesus the Lamb ” was to be the ransom for the lives of many . St. Luke 's account of the Last Supper strengthens the connection between Jesus and the Passover lamb . They wrote : “ When the hour came they took their place at table , and the apostles with him , and they said to them , I have longed to eat this Passover with you before I suffer . ( Luke 22:16 ) . ” This close connection deepens the identification of Jesus with the Passover lamb . Described as “ Lamb of God ” , Jesus was the fulfillment of the salvation promised to God 's chosen people . J. Jeremias suggests that the title Lamb of God is a mistranslation of the Aramaic ‘ talya ' which means both ‘ lamb ' and ‘ slave ' . The translation should have been “ The Servant of God ” instead of “ Lamb of God ” . If so , then John the Baptist could have been making allusions to Isaiah 53 which describes the messiah as the suffering servant of Yahweh , with ‘ no looks to attract our eyes . ' But howsoever “ talya ” is understood and translated , the term still points to Jesus ' supreme self sacrifice just to save humanity . ( Atty . ) Rev . Fr . Dan Domingo P. delos Angeles , Jr. , D.M .
May comment ka ba sa column ni Father Dan ? May tanong ka ba sa kanya ?
I-type ang BANDERA
REACT at i-send sa 4467 .
Gym cancellations are common when the weather heats up
I LOVE summer….and it also drives me crazy !
We see so many cancellations in summer , we see class numbers plummet and we KNOW what is happening .
It happens every summer , and it breaks our hearts . People cancel for the summer saying they will be back in fall , because they are ‘ so busy ' and they will ‘ be so active and work out anyway ' , but the problem is , they do n't .
And we are all busy – that never changes does it ? Then guess what ?
Back in September ( or October ) having gained back all the fat they dropped with us after working so hard . Tragic .
No , I am not trying to lay a guilt trip on you , I just want to show you the folly in this flawed decision .
1 ) “ I will be so active I wo n't need the gym. ” Let 's discuss this one first . Summer does bring an increase in activity , and that is great !
I love summer too , my bike rides grow to be eight hours or more and I prefer swimming in the lake way more than in the pool .
( And yes , I did just ride a stationary bike in the gym for eight hours , but that was to raise money for cancer research .
So let 's look at what most folks claim will keep them so active all summer using a 150 lb female as an example .
Let 's establish the standard to compare to : 45 minutes of high intensity Boot Camp is 512 calories burned plus the afterburn effect of the strength training , which burns calories for 48 hours after .
Golf : a fun game , true , but as a calorie burner , it is a dud !
If they walk , our sample female burns 240 calories per hour ( with a power cart it 's not even worth talking about ) .
If they do n't eat or drink from the food cart ( which could result in a ‘ weight gain ' round ) they could burn around 960 calories .
But it takes four hours and does nothing to build healthy muscle tissue .
Yardwork : gardening , mowing the lawn , all that stuff will burn around 260 calories per hour for our lady .
Bicycling : a personal favourite at around 600 calories per hour for our model . Better , but again just cardio will mean the calorie burn stops when the cycling does .
Softball : depending on the position you play and how long your team is sitting in the dugout , up to 300 calories per hour for the example person . Games run a few hours .
And again , as long as the beverage and ball park food do n't get you , at least it 's something .
2 ) “ I am so busy in summer . ”
We all are . But to answer this , I really need to tackle the ‘ busy ' term .
‘ Busy ' means doing the most important things because we all have the same 24 hours a day to work with . If you are too busy to do something , what you are really saying is , that it is not important or at least not as important as the other things you are doing . We all get done what is important . Always . Summer is no different .
Since I have shown that clearly none of these activities can top a 45-minute bootcamp session , what is the real deal ? Why does taking care of ourselves take a back seat because of summer ? Why is it suddenly not important ?
If we can remember that the tiny investment of 45 minutes is important , then staying fit all summer can happen !
My thought is to do both- the sports you love and bootcamp or a workout !
Grab a 5:45 a.m. class for a quick full-on beneficial charge to the day and then go play golf or walk or garden . Your muscles are stimulated and growing and you are staying lean !
Busy all day ? Cool , grab a 7 p.m. class to finish off the day . Why ?
Because it is worth it .
You are worth it . And the heartache of returning to the gym , head hung low , self-esteem in the gutter in September because you are back where you were in January is not worth it .
Like Will Smith says , “ If you stay ready , you do n't have to get ready . ”
Scott McDermott is a personal trainer and the owner of Best Body Fitness in Sylvan Lake .
March 29 Zhuguang Holdings Group Co Ltd
* Unit entered into equity transfer agreement with vendors and target company
* deal for aggregate consideration of rmb1.81 billion
* purchaser has conditionally agreed to purchase sale equity interest , representing all equity interest in target company
* Vendors are Tong Dexin and Tong Demin ; target company is Xianghe Jingang Real Estate Development Company Ltd Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
FILE PHOTO -- Mary Barra , chairperson and CEO of General Motors , discusses the future of the auto industry and the state of the U.S. economy in Washington , DC , U.S. February 28 , 2017 . REUTERS/Yuri Gripas/File Photo
DETROIT General Motors Co ( GM.N ) on Monday outlined in a regulatory filing contacts with billionaire hedge fund manager David Einhorn who went public last week with a plan to boost GM 's value and announced its slate of board nominees , all of whom currently serve on the board .
Einhorn , who runs hedge fund Greenlight Capital , has proposed that GM creates two classes of stock , one that pays a dividend and one that does not , to boost the No . 1 U.S. carmaker 's share price .
GM has rejected the proposal and rating agencies have said it would negatively affect the company 's credit rating . Other investors in the carmaker have also given the proposal from Einhorn , who runs Greenlight Capital , a frosty reception .
Einhorn has said they would take their plan to GM shareholders through a proxy contest where they hope to win board seats , though they have not released any names .
According to GM 's proxy filing , Einhorn first reached out to the company last August , and followed with a number of in-person meetings , teleconferences and calls , including with GM chief executive Mary Barra .
GM said it also analyzed Einhorn 's proposal including discussions with rating agencies .
In December GM 's board reviewed analyses of Einhorn 's proposal conducted by management and financial advisers and `` determined that it was not in the best interests '' of GM or shareholders .
Greenlight , which has a 4.9 percent stake in GM including options , declined to comment .
In the filing GM also said that Barra 's salary , bonus and awards declined more than 20 percent in 2016 to $ 22.6 million from $ 28.6 million in 2015 .
The company said this reflected a one-time retention bonus of nearly $ 11.2 million in stock options in 2015 .
GM reported a pretax profit of $ 12.5 billion in 2016 , up from $ 10.8 billion in 2015 .
Last week No . 2 U.S. automaker Ford Motor Co ( F.N ) said its chief executive Mark Fields ' salary , bonus and stock awards rose 8 percent to $ 18.8 million in 2016 , while pretax profit for the automaker fell slightly from a record high in 2015 .
In late February Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV ( FCAU.N ) ( FCHA.MI ) said chief executive Sergio Marchionne received $ 11.6 million ( 10.83 million euros ) in pay and benefits for 2016 .
( Additional reporting by Joe White ; Editing by Steve Orlofsky and Mary Milliken )
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share ( before tax ) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
THE Sunshine Coast Public Health Unit has confirmed a case of measles in a person on the Sunshine Coast .
The person is believed to have visited the following locations while unknowingly infectious :
Monday June 25 , between 9am and 3pm - the Sippy Downs campus of USC
• Thursday June 28 , between 8.30am and 10am - the Maroochydore Medical Centre in Horton Parade Maroochydore , including the QML Collection Centre
• Friday June 29 , between 10.30and 11.30am - the Maroochydore Medical Centre in Horton Parade Maroochydore
• Sunday July 1 , between 7.40pm and 8.15pm - the Department of Emergency Medicine at Sunshine Coast University Hospital .
Public Health Physician Dr Margaret Young said the SCPHU was working with the health care facilities and venues where the person had visited , and urged anyone who was in those areas around the same time to ensure they are immune to measles .
`` Measles is one of the most infectious of all communicable diseases and is spread by tiny droplets through coughing and sneezing , '' Dr Young said .
`` Symptoms usually start around 10 days after contact , but can occur between seven and 18 days after contact with an infectious person .
`` Vaccinations are recommended for anyone born during or since 1966 , who has not had two documented doses of measles , mumps , rubella ( MMR ) vaccine or had a proven case of measles . ''
The MMR vaccine is funded and anyone requiring vaccination should arrange this through their family GP .
Dr Young said anyone who develops measles-like symptoms within the next three weeks should stay home and contact their doctor for advice .
`` The initial symptoms of measles include fever , lethargy , runny nose , moist cough and sore and red eyes . This is followed a few days later by a blotchy , red rash , '' Dr Young said .
`` The rash often starts on the face then becomes widespread over the body .
`` If you do need to seek treatment , it is important to call the medical practice first to say you could have measles , so that staff can take precautions to avoid spreading the disease further to others . ''
* TSX down 76.51 points , or 0.49 percent , to 15,543.14
* All 10 of TSX 's main industry groups end lower
By Solarina Ho
TORONTO , May 3 Canada 's main stock index retreated on Wednesday as lower commodity prices weighed on resource stocks , while negative sentiment around troubled Home Capital Group Inc spilled over into the broader financial sector .
The Toronto Stock Exchange 's S & P/TSX composite index closed down 76.51 points , or 0.49 percent , at 15,543.14 . All of the index 's 10 biggest groups lost ground .
`` More so than anything , it 's the Home Capital sentiment spillover that 's leading to some caution , '' said Bryden Teich , portfolio manager at Avenue Investment Management .
`` That kind of sentiment could linger for a little bit , but fundamentals still look pretty good . ''
The overall materials group , home to precious and base metals miners and fertilizer companies , lost 1.3 percent , tracking falls in base metals , including copper and nickel . Copper prices fell 3.5 percent to $ 5,600.15 a tonne .
Teck Resources Ltd fell 5.8 percent to C $ 26.64 , while First Quantum Minerals Ltd gave back 5.4 percent to C $ 12.03 .
Kinross Gold Corp and Tahoe Resources Inc tempered some of the losses and were among the most positive influential movers , after the gold miners reported strong results late on Tuesday . Kinross jumped 10.7 percent to C $ 5.08 , while Tahoe surged 15.1 percent to C $ 12.35 .
The financials group , which accounts for roughly a third of the entire index 's weight , dipped 0.2 percent .
Home Capital , which is delaying its earnings results , saw its shares fall 11.7 percent to C $ 6.84 . Depositors have rushed to pull their money out of the non-bank lender after it faced regulatory allegations .
`` It really shows how quickly liquidity or confidence in a financial institution can totally evaporate within a couple of weeks , '' said Teich . `` Once your liquidity is gone , kapoof , you 're done . ''
Energy stocks also edged lower , slipping 0.2 percent , with Suncor Energy Inc down 1.0 percent to C $ 42.69 .
Torstar Corp shares , which touched a record low of C $ 1.29 in intraday trade , tumbled 9.6 percent to finish at C $ 1.50 after the newspaper publisher reported a wider-than-expected loss .
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the TSX by 190 to 54 , for a 3.52-to-1 ratio on the downside .
The index was posting 11 new 52-week highs and three new lows .
( Reporting by Solarina Ho ; Editing by Peter Cooney )
Frank Doubleday , who played the ghoulish , spike-haired henchman from John Carpenter 's sci-fi cult classic Escape from New York , has died at 73 .
The actor 's wife Christina Hart confirmed their death on Facebook , and told The Hollywood Reporter that they died on March 3 of complications from esophageal cancer at their home in Los Angeles .
Doubleday is survived by their two famous daughters Portia Doubleday , who stars in Mr . Robot , and Kaitlin Doubleday , who has appeared on Nashville and Empire , as well as their mother , Jane .
“ This cool , confident , intelligent looking man , was my partner for 40 years , ” they wrote on Facebook , along with a photo of Doubleday . “ He was always the smartest man in any room that I was in . Could probably boast being among the most talented as well . The most interesting dinner guest , the funniest at the table . They encouraged and fostered me to be anything and everything I wanted to be . ”
They added , “ The loss is immeasurable … Frank had a lot of other friends , but was not a social media kind of guy . And interestingly their brilliant and memorable work , created fans all over the world , who still contact me . ”
In a rare interview , the private actor revealed how they first got into the business . “ I started acting in college . I did not now I wanted to be an actor until I saw a production of Waiting for Godot . Once I saw that production , I knew I had to do this , ” they told an Escape from New York fan site .
Speaking about playing Romero in the film they told the website , “ I totally created the role myself . John gave me total creative freedom . The voice and the look were my ideas . I like that kind of work . I did a lot of character work and worked on Romero through voice , costume and movement . All my behavior was improvised . ”
They added , “ Once a character is created and is in one 's skin , the behavior just comes naturally . All the behavior , the hissing , etc . was not planned . That kind of thing is the actor playing … and again if the character has been internalized it all just happens . That was a rich , really fun character to create . ”
Tennessee coach Mike Mularkey says they do n't think quarterback Marcus Mariota 's sprained left knee or left tackle Taylor Lewan 's sore back should keep either out of the Titans ' game with San Francisco on Sunday .
Mularkey said Monday that they anticipate both could practice Wednesday .
Mariota was hurt when they started to slide too late and was hit . The quarterback did n't miss a snap and finished the game . Lewan went out of the game in the second quarter after having back spasms , but Mularkey says that is a short term issue .
An injured ankle will keep tight end Phillip Supernaw out of practice . Mularkey says he 's not ready to say yet if linebacker Derrick Morgan , who missed a 12-7 loss to Arizona with a knee injury , will miss another practice .
April 6 U.S. stocks opened little changed on Thursday , as gains in energy shares were offset by declines in financial companies .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 4.32 points , or 0.02 percent , at 20,643.83 , the S & P 500 was down 0.34 points , or 0.01 percent , at 2,352.61 , and the Nasdaq Composite was up 6.33 points , or 0.11 percent , at 5,870.81 . ( Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru ; Editing by Savio D'Souza )
BAGHDAD ( Reuters ) - The United States is committed to helping Iraq recover from three years of war against Islamic State despite President Donald Trump cutting the foreign aid budget , a senior official in its main government aid agency has said .
Thomas Staal , the Counsellor of the U.S. Agency for International Development ( USAID ) , said the agency would continue to provide basic humanitarian services and additional support for minority groups such as psychosocial support to those who suffered genocide , slavery , and gender-based violence .
“ The budget that the president submitted included a 30 percent cut , but for Iraq actually we are looking at additional funding , especially for the victims of Islamic State , ” Staal told Reuters in an interview at the U.S. embassy in Baghdad .
Trump staked out their position on foreign aid on the campaign trail , casting it as a waste of U.S. tax dollars . The White House proposed slashing the budget for foreign aid by a third .
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declared final victory over Islamic State on Saturday after Iraqi forces drove the last remnants of the group from the country , three years after the militants captured about a third of Iraq 's territory .
The war has had a devastating impact on the areas previously controlled by the militants . About 3.2 million people remain displaced , the United Nations says .
The last estimate by Abadi put the cost of post-war reconstruction at $ 50 billion ( 37.4 billion pounds ) , a figure calculated before Iraqi forces retook Mosul , which severely damaged the biggest city in northern Iraq .
The U.S. government has provided nearly $ 1.7 billion in humanitarian assistance for Iraq since the Islamic State takeover of the north in 2014 , Staal said .
That includes a total of $ 265 million donated to the United Nations Development Programme 's Iraq stabilisation fund in 2016 and 2017 . USAID has asked UNDP to focus on the minority areas , said Staal , who met with Christian and Yazidi leaders during a five-day visit to Iraq .
“ The primary request from everybody was security , ” said Staal , who also met with two young women who were sold into slavery by Islamic State fighters .
In 2014 , more than 3,000 Yezidis were killed by Islamic State in what the United Nations described as a genocidal campaign . Others were sold into sexual slavery or forced to fight .
Iraq is exempted from Trump 's policy of cutting aid because of the especially “ terrible plight ” experienced by Islamic State 's victims , Staal said , but it was a short term focus .
“ The long term solution is that the Iraqi government is going to have to provide services to people in a more effective , efficient way , ” they said .
USAID is working directly with Iraqi ministries to train staff and improve efficiency , with procurement reform high up on the agenda , Staal said .
Corruption is rife in all levels of government in Iraq , which in 2016 ranked 166 out of 176 countries in Transparency International 's Corruption Perception Index .
Abadi has repeatedly said that once Islamic State was beaten , fighting corruption would be their next focus .
( This version of the story fixes a typo in paragraph two . )
( Corrects headline to add dropped words 'Relapsed or Refractory Multiple Myeloma ' )
April 28 GENMAB
* GENMAB ANNOUNCES EUROPEAN MARKETING AUTHORIZATION FOR DARZALEX® ( DARATUMUMAB ) FOR RELAPSED OR REFRACTORY MULTIPLE MYELOMA
* SAYS GENMAB WILL RECEIVE MILESTONE PAYMENTS TOTALING USD 48 MILLION FROM JANSSEN BIOTECH , INC
* SAYS THESE MILESTONE PAYMENTS WERE INCLUDED IN FINANCIAL GUIDANCE ISSUED BY GENMAB ON FEBRUARY 22 , 2017 AND THEREFORE THERE IS NO CHANGE TO COMPANY 'S FINANCIAL GUIDANCE FOLLOWING THIS APPROVAL Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Gdynia Newsroom )
Margaret Laforest of Discover Quincy provides highlights of the annual 50 Days of Freedom events that run through July 29th .
The Government must change the narrative around childhood obesity to make it clear that this is everyone 's business , say the Health and Social Care Committee in their report into childhood obesity .
The Committee has identified several key areas which demand attention as a matter of urgency by the Government before the next chapter of the plan is finalised .
The report endorses calls for a 9pm watershed on junk food advertising , saying there is a need to be a ban on brand generated characters or licensed TV and film characters from being used to promote HFSS ( high fat , sugar and salt ) products on broadcast and non-broadcast media , and the Government must align regulations on non-broadcast media with those for broadcast media .
The committee says it is also urging the Government to level the playing field for retailers and act to ban confectionery and other unhealthy foods from the ends of aisles and checkouts .
It calls for targets to improve rates of breastfeeding , to combat childhood obesity , and urge a full and timely implementation of all of the school-centred measures contained in the original 2016 Child Obesity Action Plan .
Chair of the Committee , Dr Sarah Wollaston MP , said : “ Children are becoming obese at an earlier age and staying obese for longer .
“ Obesity rates are highest for children from the most disadvantaged communities and this unacceptable health inequality has widened every year since records began .
“ The consequences for these children are appalling and this can no longer be ignored .
“ We want to see a whole systems approach and for local authorities to be given the powers they need to reduce childhood obesity in their communities . “ Health needs to be made an objective within the planning and licensing system .
“ Government needs to further help reduce childhood obesity by introducing tougher restrictions on the marketing and advertising of junk food , including by bringing in a 9pm advertising watershed .
It should also act to protect children by banning the offers and displays that push high volume sales and impulse buying of junk food and drink . I welcome the sugary drinks levy that has already played a vital role in driving reformulation and call for this to be extended to milky drinks which contain added sugar . ”
( Reuters Health ) - Kids in daycare may not always learn about sun safety because their teachers are more focused on lessons about healthy food choices , brushing teeth and getting plenty of exercise , a U.S. study suggests .
Researchers surveyed 202 administrators , managers and teachers at Head Start and other daycare centers in Illinois in July , a time of year when kids are apt to be exposed to harmful ultraviolet ( UV ) rays .
Overall , when participants ranked their top priorities for teaching toddlers and preschoolers healthy habits , good nutrition came first , followed by exercise , and brushing teeth . Less than one in five respondents listed bike helmets , vaccinations or sun protection as top priorities .
“ The seasonal shift in sun intensity in Illinois means that sun safety receives less attention than health promotion activities that apply all year such as good nutrition , adequate exercise and brushing teeth , ” said senior study author Dr. June Robinson of the Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine in Chicago .
While about half of the daycare programs did provide sunscreen for students , 77 percent of these programs did n't allow kids to apply the sunscreen themselves , researchers report in JAMA Dermatology .
It 's possible some daycare centers were following state regulations that apply to students starting in elementary school , which classify sunscreen as an over-the-counter medication that can only be applied by a school nurse with a doctor 's prescription , Robinson said by email . Daycare centers are n't bound by these regulations , but it might still influence their decisions , Robinson said .
About half of the programs , however , used spray sunscreens to avoid unnecessarily touching children . This may be one way to help more children get protection , Robinson said by email .
“ In the past , touching children , which is prohibited out of concerns about child abuse , prevented the application of the lotion type of sunscreen , ” Robinson said .
Head Start programs were more likely to use spray sunscreen than other daycare centers , the study found . Often , programs that did use sprays failed to avoid spraying sunscreen directly on kids ' faces , which can cause children to inhale it or get it in their eyes and is n't the correct way to apply this product .
Most programs did not report children having any sunburns , and most also followed guidelines for keeping kids out of the sun during when the heat index is too high .
One limitation of the study is that it only examined daycare centers in Illinois , and it 's possible the results would be different in places with other regulations regarding sunblock application in schools or different seasonal weather , the authors note .
Still , the results highlight a need to raise awareness about the need for sun protection for kids in early childhood programs , said Dr. Henry Lim , president of the American Academy of Dermatology and senior vice president for academic affairs at the Henry Ford Health System in Detroit , Michigan .
“ It is totally appropriate and understandable that top concerns were good nutrition , adequate exercise , brushing teeth and wearing seat belts , but teachers need to be educated about the long term side effects of sun exposure , ” Lim , who was n't involved in the study , said by email . “ Aside from sunburn , teachers obviously would not observe the skin aging and skin cancers in their students ; therefore , education is needed . ”
Parents can also help make sun safety a priority , said Mary Tripp of the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston .
“ Parents can apply sunscreen lotion to children before they go to school and provide sunscreen for teachers to use at school , ” Tripp , who was n't involved in the study , said by email .
“ Parents also can provide wide-brimmed hats and other protective clothing such as shirts with longer sleeves for their children to use at school , ” Tripp added . “ By practicing sun protection themselves , parents can role model these behaviors for their children , which is critical in helping children develop these healthy habits at a young age . ”
SOURCE : bit.ly/2BPYcR9 JAMA Dermatology , online January 24 , 2018 .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
( Corrects headline to show demand topped five times supply , not five times demand )
São Paulo , April 10 Investor demand for shares in Brazilian airline Azul SA 's initial public offering in São Paulo and New York surpassed five times the amount of stock on offer ahead of pricing later on Monday , three people with knowledge of the transaction said .
Hours ahead of pricing , the people said that the IPO could price at 21 reais per preferred Brazilian share and $ 19.90 per American depositary share , both at the middle of a suggested price range for the transaction . Robust demand for the transaction could lead Azul to offer additional and supplementary allotments , the people said .
Azul could not be immediately reached for comment . ( Reporting by Guillermo Parra-Bernal ; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli )
Ex-Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad reacts as they submit their name for registration as a candidate in Iran 's presidential election , in Tehran , Iran April 12 , 2017 . Tasnim News Agency/Handout via REUTERS
ANKARA Hardline former president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad surprised Iran 's clerical establishment by registering for the May 19 presidential election , defying the Islamic Republic 's Supreme Leader 's warning not to enter the race .
Vilified in the West for their barbs against America and Israel and questioning of the Holocaust , the blacksmith 's son Ahmadinejad has upset predictions before by stealing the show in 2005 when they defeated powerful former president Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani in a run-off vote .
Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei revealed last year that they had recommended to Ahmadinejad not to enter the contest . But after their registration on Wednesday , Ahmadinejad told journalists that Khamenei 's recommendation was `` just advice '' , Iranian media reported .
Khamenei praised Ahmadinejad as `` courageous , wise and hard-working '' after their re-election in 2009 , which ignited an eight-month firestorm of street protests . Their pro-reform rivals said that vote was rigged .
But throughout Ahmadinejad 's presidency , Khamenei was wary of him , and their insubordination and relentless self-aggrandisement rankled the hardline clergy .
Ahmadjinejad was required to step down because of term limit rules in 2013 , when President Hassan Rouhani won in a landslide on a promise to reduce Iran 's international isolation .
After a term out of office , Ahmadinejad is now permitted to stand again under Iran 's constitution , but they still need the approval of the 12-member Guardian Council which vets candidates , six members of which are appointed by Khamenei .
`` His disqualification by the Guardian Council would show that the council is not independent and follows the orders of the supreme leader , '' said political analyst Saeed Leylaz .
Khamenei 's backers accuse Ahmadinejad 's camp of pursuing an `` Iranian '' school of Islam , viewed as an inappropriate mix of religion and nationalism . Ahmadinejad may pay the price for disobeying Khamenei by running for president , analysts said .
`` Khamenei will not forget this move , which was aimed to harm their image , '' said political analyst Hamid Farahvashian .
In 2011 , Khamenei was so annoyed by Ahmadinejad 's hunger for more power that they floated a proposal to change Iran 's constitution to do away with a directly elected presidency altogether , an idea Ahmadinejad briskly dismissed as `` academic '' .
`` AN AFFRONT TO KHAMENEI ''
Khamenei ultimately calls the shots in Iran , where the president can only influence policy , not decide it .
A former officer of Iran 's elite Revolutionary Guards Corps ( IRGC ) , Ahmadinejad relies on Iran 's devout poor , who felt neglected by past governments and helped sweep them to power in 2005 . However , their popularity in Iran remains in question .
`` Ahmadinejad 's faction is still alive . They enjoy the support of the poor and lower-income in the cities , '' said Leylaz .
Rouhani and their allies have criticised Ahmadinejad 's free-spending policies for fueling inflation and accuse them of wasting Iran 's oil revenues .
Ahmadinejad 's critics say their fiery anti-Western talk helped isolate Iran diplomatically . During their term , the U.N. Security Council imposed three sets of sanctions on Iran over its nuclear programme .
Rouhani , who engineered Iran 's 2015 nuclear deal with world powers that secured a removal of international financial and trade sanctions against Tehran , is expected to seek re-election .
Although Rouhani won in a single round with more than 50 percent of the vote four years ago when no other candidate won more than 17 percent , they could face a more difficult campaign this time if hardliners unite against him . Many Iranians have grown impatient with the slow rate of improvement in their economic fortunes since the lifting of sanctions last year .
In a move to widen Ahmadinejad 's support , their senior aide Esfandiar Rahim Mashaie in May sent a conciliatory letter to Ahmadinejad 's predecessor as president , Mohammad Khatami , seen as the father of Iran 's reform movement .
Insiders said if disqualified , Ahmadinejad is likely to call on their supporters to back Rouhani , whose main rival is likely to be influential hardline cleric Ebrahim Raisi , who declared their candidacy on Sunday .
`` The irony is that by spoiling the conservatives ' game and taking away from Raisi 's voter-base , Ahmadinejad is in fact aiding Rouhani 's re-election , '' said senior Iran analyst Ali Vaez of the International Crisis Group .
Raisi , 57 , heads Astan Qods Razavi , an organisation in charge of a multibillion-dollar religious foundation that manages donations to Iran 's holiest Shi'ite Muslim shrine in the northeastern city of Mashhad .
`` Ahmadinejad knows full well that their candidacy is an affront to Khamenei who had publicly barred them from running , '' said Vaez . `` Disqualifying Ahmadinejad is hard , but not impossible . ''
( Writing by Parisa Hafezi ; Editing by Peter Graff )
( MENAFN - Muscat Daily ) Muscat- All Omani students in the US have been asked to follow US laws . The cultural attach at the Omani Embassy in Washington has requested all students to constantly coordinate with its office regarding visa validity and areas that are marked as unsafe , the Ministry of Foreign Affairs ( MoFA ) tweeted .
All students must obtain a US ID or a driving licence and not use their passports as anidentity document . 'The cultural attach has also advised Omani students to be careful about videos , photographs or recordings they have in their mobile phones . Students will also not be allowed to return to Oman in February and March , except for emergencies and only after the approval of the cultural attach , ' the MoFA tweeted .
MENAFN1402201701410000ID1095248637
WICHITA , Kan. ( AP ) — Wichita police say two police officers are on administrative leave pending the outcome of internal and criminal investigations .
The department released no details other than saying it possibly involves misconduct and the move was prompted by another agency 's criminal probe .
Some 2015 phone calls of former state Sen. Michael O'Donnell , now a Sedgwick County commissioner , were intercepted by investigators . The paper says two former employees were sent letters by the Justice Department saying their calls with them had been intercepted .
O'Donnell did not respond to a message seeking comment .
Wichita business person Brandon Steven told the paper they are the subject of an inquiry into poker and efforts to open a casino . Federal officials notified several parties that call with them also were intercepted .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
BRIEF-SORRENTO THERAPEUTICS ANNOUNCES DISMISSAL OF LAWSUITS
* SORRENTO THERAPEUTICS INC SAYS DISMISSAL OF ALL CLAIMS AGAINST SORRENTO AND ITS DIRECTORS CONTAINED IN LAWSUITS BROUGHT BY WILDCAT LIQUID ALPHA , LLC Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Bill Kochevar , 56 , is using computer-brain interface technology and an electrical stimulation system to move their own arm after eight years of paralysis , in this undated handout photo . Case Western Reserve University/Cleveland FES Center/Handout via REUTERS
Bill Kochevar , 56 , is using computer-brain interface technology and an electrical stimulation system to move their own arm after eight years of paralysis , in this undated handout photo . Case Western Reserve University/Cleveland FES Center/Handout via REUTERS
CHICAGO A paralyzed man in Cleveland fed themselves mashed potatoes for the first time in eight years , aided by a computer-brain interface that reads their thoughts and sends signals to move muscles in their arm , U.S. researchers said on Tuesday .
The research , published in the journal Lancet , is the latest from BrainGate , a consortium of researchers testing brain-computer interface technology designed to give paralyzed individuals more mobility . Prior tests of the technology allowed paralyzed people to move a robotic arm or a cursor on a keyboard just by using their thoughts .
The team at Case Western Reserve University and the Cleveland Functional Electrical Stimulation Center used the brain-computer interface and an electrical stimulation system that allowed Bill Kochevar , 56 , to control their own arm .
To achieve this , the team implanted two sensors , each about the size of a baby aspirin , loaded with 96 electrodes designed to pick up nerve activity in the movement centers of the brain .
The sensors record brain signals created when Kochevar imagines moving their arm , and relay them to a computer . The computer sends the signals to the electrical stimulation system , which directs impulses through about 30 wires implanted in muscles in Kochevar 's arm and hand to produce specific movements .
Kochevar , who was paralyzed below their shoulders in a cycling accident eight years ago , first learned to use the system to move a virtual reality arm on a computer screen . They accomplished that on the first day they tried it , said Case Western 's Robert Kirsch , the study 's senior author .
For the movement phase of the trial , Kochevar had to go through 45 weeks of rehabilitation to restore muscle tone that had atrophied over the years of inactivity .
Using the brain interface system , they can now move each joint in their right arm individually , just by thinking about it . To accomplish tasks like drinking through a straw , or scratching their face with a dry sponge , Kochevar is aided by an arm support , a device they also control with their thoughts .
Kochevar said the chance to do simple things for themselves has been `` better than I thought it would be . ''
For the moment , the system is experimental only , but the study shows such a system is feasible , Kirsch said .
BrainGate is funded by the National Institutes of Health and the Department of Veterans Affairs .
( Reporting by Julie Steenhuysen ; Editing by Dan Grebler )
SAN DIEGO ( KUSI ) — Expect a drastically different weather pattern this week than the high humidity and hot temperatures San Diego County has been experiencing all month .
Cool temperatures are on the way to San Diego County this week as a trough of low pressure moves over the west coast . The cooler temperatures are expected to begin Tuesday and be about five to 10 degrees below normal mid-August averages .
Humidity has also moved out of San Diego County . Dew points are low and conditions are expected to be comfortable through the week .
A marine layer and thick clouds are expected Monday along the coast and extending inland to the western valleys . The marine layer will linger a bit , especially along the coast . It will return again in the evening . A similar weather pattern will continue for most of the week .
High temperatures Monday will be 71 to 76 degrees at the beaches , 76 to 81 inland , 78 to 83 in the western valleys , 83 to 88 near the foothills , 80 to 88 in the mountains and 100 to 105 in the deserts .
P30M ransom o German pupugutan By Bella Cariaso Bandera
NANINDIGAN kahapon ang Palasyo sa no-ransom policy nito sa gitna banta ng Abu Sayyaf na pupugutan ang bihag na German national sakaling hindi magbigay ang gobyerno ng hinihinging P30 milyong ransom . Gayunman , tiniyak ni Presidential Spokesperson Ernesto Abella na ginagawa ng gobyerno ang lahat para maisalba ang buhay ng German na si Jurgen Kantner .
“ The government stands firm on our no-ransom policy . The AFP has been directed to continue and intensify its military operations , ” ani Abella .
“ ( But ) the government will continue its efforts to safely rescue all hostages held by these terrorists . It is also working closely with the concerned local governments as well as other sectors to facilitate the safe rescue of Mr. Jurgen Kantner . ”
Sa isang video , makikitang nagmamakaawa si Katner na ikonsidera ng gobyerno ang posisyon laban sa pagbabayad ng ransom . Ito ay matapos mag-isyu ng utimatum ang Abu Sayyaf na pupugutan ang Aleman sa Pebrero 26 .
Recent Stories :
Complete stories on our Digital Edition newsstand for tablets , netbooks and mobile phones ; 14-issue free trial . About to step out ? Get breaking alerts on your mobile.phone . Text ON INQ BREAKING to 4467 , for Globe , Smart and Sun subscribers in the Philippines .
Disclaimer : The comments uploaded on this site do not necessarily represent or reflect the views of management and owner of Bandera . We reserve the right to exclude comments that we deem to be inconsistent with our editorial standards .
To subscribe to the Philippine Daily Inquirer newspaper in the Philippines , call +63 2 896-6000 for Metro Manila and Metro Cebu or email your subscription request here .
BRASILIA Major Latin American currencies appear more likely to hold their ground in coming months than they did in March , but they remain vulnerable to increased volatility coming from abroad , a Reuters poll showed on Thursday .
Estimates from top banks and research firms still suggest the currencies will probably give back part of their recent gains .
However , one-year forecasts for the Mexican peso and the Brazilian real against the U.S. dollar firmed from last month 's poll , indicating reduced expectations of a complete reversal in the region 's largest currency markets .
The 12-month forecasts strengthened for the Mexican peso to 19.875 per dollar from 20.87 in March and the Brazilian real to 3.295 from 3.35 . Also gaining were the Colombian peso to 3020.0 from 3054.17 and the Chilean peso at 669.13 from 670 .
Outlooks weakened for the Argentine peso , to 18.0 per dollar from 17.60 in March , and the Peruvian sol , to 3.38 from 3.36 .
The Mexican peso has led gains among Latin American currencies this year , rebounding from all-time lows on hopes that U.S. President Donald Trump will not impose heavy tariffs on Mexican exports to the United States as they had threatened .
A series of interest rate increases by the Mexican central bank and its direct intervention in local currency markets with hedging contracts also explain the peso 's newfound strength . As long as volatility remains low , higher interest rates should keep supporting the peso .
`` Carry attractiveness has increased notably , '' wrote Rabobank senior strategist Christian Lawrence . `` This is particularly true compared to other Latin American currencies , '' including Brazil , Chile and Colombia , which have cut rates over the past year .
Volatility has also declined in Brazil to around record lows , central bank chief Ilan Goldfajn said this week , despite what they called an `` especially uncertain global outlook . ''
A source of potential instability is the U.S. Federal Reserve , which has so far raised interest rates at a very gradual pace , with no surprises . An acceleration of rate hikes could drain capital from higher-yielding emerging markets such as Latin America .
( Additional reporting by Noe Torres in Mexico City , Nelson Bocanegra in Bogota , Hernan Nessi in Buenos Aires , Ursula Scollo in Santiago ; Editing by Ross Finley and Lisa Von Ahn )
12A-5A Coast to Coast with George Noory
5A-6A America in the Morning
6A-7A “ This Morning , America 's First News , ” with Gordon Deal
7A-9A Early Morning Show with Dakota Tucker – News – Sports –Obits , Entertainment
8:30-9A “ Ask the Expert Show ” hosted by Steve Webster . Guests include Dr. Kevyn Soupiset from Progressive and Advanced Therapy and Sports Medicine in Great Bend , Larned , and Hays .
9A-10A Trading Post with John O'Connor
10A-11A Agri-Talk with Mike Adams – Missouri Farm Bureau President Blake Hurst will talk dicamba and the farm bill and the AgriTalk Panel will take up the news of the week .
11A-11:30 “ Viewpoints ”
11:30-12P “ Cougar Pause ” hosted by Steve Webster – Guests include Barton Community College Planetarium Director Dr. Timothy Folkerts who will talk about the upcoming lunar eclipse and activities that will be held at the college in conjunction with the event . ( Encore Presentation )
12P-12:25 KVGB Noon Report – News , Sports , Weather , and other information
12:25-1P “ Sports Day ” with Steve Webster & Cole Reif
1P-4P Dave Ramsey Show
4P-5P “ Market Rally ” hosted by Chip Flory
5P-6P KVGB 5pm Report – News , Sports , Weather , and other info
6P-8:30 ESPN Radio “ Jalen & Jacoby ”
8:30- MID Major League Baseball – Kansas City Royals @ Oakland A 's
× Driver crashes while fleeing Chesterfield Police
CHESTERFIELD COUNTY , Va. — A driver was taken into custody after crashing while fleeing from police in Chesterfield County .
The driver , who was wanted for grand larceny , crashed their vehicle near the area of Iron Bridge Road and Kingsland Road and taken to the hospital with non-life threatening injuries , according to police .
A Chesterfield Police officer involved in the crash was not hurt .
The crash closed westbound Iron Bridge Road , at Kingsland Road , Monday afternoon .
Charges were pending against the driver , police said .
This is a developing story . Witnesses can send news tips and photos here .
Mansfield Town 's seven-match unbeaten run in , a run which had taken them into the League Two play-off places , ended in disappointing style at Crawley Town on Saturday .
Goals from substitutes Joe McNerney and Ibrahim Meite were enough for Harry Kewell 's side to consign Steve Evans ' charges to a 2-0 defeat at Evans ' former club .
Match action from Mansfield Town 's 2-0 defeat at Crawley
It dropped Mansfield down to ninth , out the play-off places on goal difference .
Related articles
Full match report
Steve Evans unhappy with their players after defeat
How the Stags players rated in defeat
Can you spot a familiar face in our fans gallery ?
Opinion : Stags are still well placed ahead of busy Christmas
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Premier Kathleen Wynne stopped at Stelco Wednesday morning to warn voters about the dangers of allowing Andrea Horwath or Doug Ford to handle the increasingly delicate trade relationship with the U.S .
Wynne , who also stopped at Hamilton 's steel manufacturing giant in April , said she 's the best candidate to help preserve jobs — particularly those in manufacturing — given the looming threat of the U.S. imposing new tariffs on steel and aluminum .
`` With the tension and uncertainty around NAFTA , I 've been spending a lot more time in the United States that I might have expected to in this job , '' they said . `` And that 's because Ontario workers needed me there — needed us to be there to be standing up for jobs and businesses , like Stelco . ''
Wynne , appearing in Horwath 's home riding , pointed out that Canada 's exemption from new American tariffs on steel and aluminum expires June 1 . They said the new `` wave of protectionism '' ushered in by U.S. President Donald Trump , wo n't change their commitment to fight for the 16,000 steel jobs in the province .
Wynne cast themselves as the middle ground between their rivals , arguing that Ford is too close to Trump , while the NDP is having taken `` rigid and impractical position '' instead of pursuing what 's best for workers .
`` When voters go to the polls on June 7 , they 're going to be choosing a person to lead them who will be in very tricky , very delicate negotiations with U.S. officials . That 's the reality of the role of Premier , it 's that you find yourself — and you put yourself — into those very challenging conversations , '' they said .
`` On the one hand , you have Doug Ford , he 's expressed their admiration for Donald Trump , despite the chaos and the uncertainty that the Trump administration has caused Ontario . And on the other extreme , you have the NDP , who has historically campaigned against free trade agreements , and would base their
MPP Ted McMeekin , who is facing a tough re-election fight in their riding of Hamilton West-Ancaster-Dundas , said Wynne 's efforts `` literally saved the ( steel ) industry . ''
`` I could n't see Andrea Horwath , with their well-known sentiments about free trade and not understanding the complexity of the agreements , getting on a plane and going south to talk to congressional leaders and members of congress and governors . That just would n't happen , '' said McMeekin . `` We 've got a leader that made it happen . ''
April 15 ( Gracenote ) - Results and standings from the Bolivian championship Adecuacion matches on Saturday Sunday , April 16 Universitario de Sucre Sport Boys Postponed Saturday , April 15 Real Potosi 2 Guabira 0 Friday , April 14 The Strongest 6 Blooming 0 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Bolivar 9 8 0 1 30 6 24 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 2 Guabira 11 6 1 4 23 17 19 3 Blooming 11 6 1 4 23 26 19 4 The Strongest 9 6 0 3 18 13 18 5 Oriente Petrolero 9 5 1 3 16 13 16 6 Nacional Potosi 10 5 1 4 17 15 16 7 San Jose 10 4 2 4 17 15 14 8 Sport Boys 10 4 1 5 18 21 13 9 Universitario de Sucre 10 3 1 6 10 21 10 10 Real Potosi 10 3 0 7 13 22 9 11 Jorge Wilstermann 9 2 2 5 11 14 8 12 Club Petrolero 10 2 0 8 13 26 6 1 : Copa Libertadores Next Fixtures ( GMT ) : Sunday , April 16 Universitario de Sucre v Sport Boys ( 1600 ) Postponed Club Petrolero v Jorge Wilstermann ( 1900 ) San Jose v Nacional Potosi ( 2115 ) Oriente Petrolero v Bolivar ( 2330 )
Hong Kong stocks fall as rates rise , Shanghai slips on nagging China slowdown fears
SHANGHAI , June 15 Hong Kong stocks fell to a three-week low on Thursday as borrowing costs in the city looked set to rise after a U.S. rate hike overnight , while shares in China slid on persistent fears that economic growth will soon start to cool .
May 3 Guangzhou Improve Medical Instruments Co Ltd :
* Says it issues 2017 the first tranche public corporate bonds worth 300 million yuan with coupon rate of 5.65 percent
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/3BMWEw
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
May 2 EXFO Inc :
* EXFO streamlines monitoring solutions portfolio
* EXFO Inc - staff reductions related to this product line and varied go-to-market adjustments will affect approximately 5pct of EXFO 'S global workforce
* EXFO Inc - EXFO will significantly reduce investments in passive wireless monitoring which represented less than 5pct of total sales
* EXFO Inc - company will also incur one-time restructuring costs of US $ 4.0 million in Q3 of 2017
* EXFO Inc - following restructuring , which should be completed in Q4 of fiscal 2017 , EXFO intends to benefit from annual cost savings of US $ 8.0 million
* EXFO Inc says co has streamlined its monitoring solutions portfolio to focus on testing , active service assurance , fiber monitoring and analytics Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
The white speedboat , owned by a couple from Calgary , sits at the dock with another speedboat resting on top of it after a collision that took place on Shuswap Lake at 10:17 p.m. on Aug. 8 near Copper Island . The woman passenger in the white boat was injured and taken to hospital . -Photo contributed .
A couple from Calgary are still recovering after a bizarre boat crash Aug. 8 on Shuswap Lake saw another boat land on top of their speedboat .
“ We were out in the evening , and there was just this brief second when we saw the other boat before it came up and over us , ” says Ryan Fitzpatrick . “ We are lucky to be alive . It was quite a shock . I think we are still in shock this many days later . ”
A report from the Chase RCMP states that at 10:17 p.m. , Chase RCMP officers responded to a call of a collision involving two vessels on Shuswap Lake , near Copper Island . It was reported that one pleasure craft struck the rear of another that was stationary at the time .
A 41-year-old woman in the stationary craft suffered injuries as a result of the collision , states the RCMP press release .
Royal Canadian Marine Search and Rescue ( RCMSAR ) , based in Sicamous , was called out to assist with the rescue ; however , other boaters were able to complete the night-time rescue , so RCMSAR was not required .
While Fitzpatrick sustained minor injuries , their wife was taken to hospital and is now recovering with bed rest at the couple 's home in Calgary .
There were two men in the other speedboat at the time of the crash . Police did not report injuries to either of those men .
“ We feel lucky to be alive . The only reason is both of us were in the front . And it is unusual for us not to have passengers , to be out alone , but fortunately my daughter , who is six months pregnant , ended up leaving a day early . Otherwise they would have been out on the boat with us . Anyone in the back… , well , the other boat would have hit right on top of them . ”
Fitzpatrick says they had the appropriate lights on their boat at the time of the collision and were following boating regulations .
They say they have concerns about how police are handling the situation . They have made a complaint with the Chase detachment about officer conduct and a lack of screening of the boat 's operator for alcohol or drug use .
“ They were laughing as we were trying to get the boats detangled . It may seem funny to them , but it sure is n't funny to us .
In their press release , the RCMP say they continue to investigate the collision , including whether alcohol played a part in the incident .
( Adds detail , context )
BEIJING , March 28 China said on Tuesday it would expand the scope for insurance companies to provide more low-cost and long-term funds for the manufacturing sector as part of a broader effort to ramp up financial support for struggling manufacturers to upgrade .
China will support insurers investing in manufacturing firms ' preferred stocks , bonds for mergers , and private equity funds that help to upgrade manufacturing , the central bank said on its website .
Insurers would also be encouraged to set up insurance asset management entities for the sector , the document said .
A 12-page document setting out the proposed changes was jointly issued by five top government entities - the People 's Bank of China ( PBOC ) , Ministry of Industry and Information Technology , and the country 's banking , insurance and security regulators - to address China 's urgent need to move its largely low-end manufacturing industry up the value chain .
The document said China would also support securitization of credit assets in the sector and would encourage firms to quicken their pace at which they list on stock markets at home and overseas , as well issuing bonds to raise funds .
Banks and financial institutions were also told to `` appropriately '' conduct pilot programs to securitize bad loans in a sector `` burdened with overcapacity to actively reduce credit risks '' .
China will also step up monetary credit policy support for firms in the sector to modernize and expand overseas .
China first laid out its Manufacturing 2025 initiative in May of 2015 . Its objectives included internally developing nationwide competencies in 10 critical sectors , new energy vehicles , rail transport equipment , automated machine tools and robotics , and power equipment .
But foreign business groups have grown increasingly concerned that China 's plan to boost domestic manufacturing by 2025 could be used to discriminate against foreign firms in favor of Chinese competitors . ( Reporting by Nicholas Heath , Shu Zhang and Yawen Chen ; Editing by Eric Meijer )
SEOUL , March 30 South Korea 's central bank said on Thursday the country 's stocks and bonds are set to see net inflows for a third straight month , quelling concerns over possible selloffs in the wake of the U.S. Federal Reserve rate hike earlier this month .
As of March 24 , foreigners had bought a net 3.4 trillion won ( $ 3.05 billion ) worth of South Korean shares while they boosted their holdings of bonds by 1.1 trillion won , the Bank of Korea ( BOK ) said .
`` Rate hikes by the U.S. Federal Reserve have the potential to lend hardship to our economy , but if they are carried out gradually the impact is not expected to be large , '' the BOK said in a report to parliament .
The report added that outflow pressures would not be severe either if the Fed opted to raise interest rates gradually . But if the Fed 's actions were to cause financial jitters in other emerging market economies , risks could rise and add to outflow pressure , the BOK said .
The central bank report reiterated its view that South Korea 's economy would grow in the mid-2 percent range this year , but there were many uncertainties .
Inflation would be around 2 percent , the bank said , roughly in line with its 2 percent target .
Noting sluggish economic growth and mild inflationary pressure , the BOK said it would maintain its accommodative monetary policy stance . ( $ 1 = 1,113.6700 won ) ( Reporting by Christine Kim ; Editing by Eric Meijer )
`` I 'm not going to change England and I do n't want to do that , '' Guardiola said in January , when City was toiling amid a period of inconsistent results midway through last season . `` Of course , it 's going to change me . That 's why I came here — to be changed . ''
In some subtle aspects , perhaps they have changed . He 's recognized the importance of the second ball , acknowledged that their team will not control every game for 90 minutes , grown to understand the difference with English referees .
But deep down , Guardiola was never going to change . Their philosophy , developed at Barcelona under the tutelage of their mentor and one-time coach Johan Cruyff , was too ingrained .
Only now do they feel they are being vindicated .
`` We are clear , we are open , '' Guardiola said after the win at Old Trafford . `` We want the ball , want to attack , want to try to win the games in the way we believe . The others can do whatever they want . My players want to play , want to attack .
`` Sometimes they 're quicker , sometimes they 're faster , but they 're not a team who try to look for something special . Because we are honest . We 're going to face the opponent face-to-face , to try to win . ''
Guardiola has treated matches away to big rivals United and Chelsea in the same way they have any other side . And they do n't hide it .
City had 65 per cent possession against United , which had supposedly regained its so-called fear factor at Old Trafford having not lost there in 40 games in all competitions , and had almost double the number of shots ( 14 to 8 ) .
In September , City went to Chelsea and beat the defending champions 1-0 with a display that was even more dominant than that against United . In both games , Guardiola played a front three with two attacking wingers , and playmakers David Silva and Kevin De Bruyne in midfield .
There was no obvious sign of tailoring their formation according to the opposition .
`` We came here , like we were at Stamford Bridge and all the games since I came here , to try to win , '' Guardiola said . `` And I 'm so happy . ''
Last season , Guardiola maybe placed too much faith in the ability of some City players who were n't good enough or skilled enough to carry out their orders . Their full backs , for example , were n't technically gifted enough to move into midfield and either contribute to attacks or be an initial block to a counterattack .
Now , after another spending spree last summer , they are close to having their ideal team .
Xavi Hernandez , a playmaker and captain under Guardiola at Barcelona , said upon the coach 's arrival in the Premier League in the summer of 2016 that Guardiola `` changed world football '' and `` is one of the few people who can change English football . ''
The manner of City 's relentless march to the Premier League title shows Xavi could be right .
When they were presented as City manager in July 2016 , Guardiola — in an attempt not to sound too arrogant — said that `` to come to the country which created football and believe you have to change something , would be a little bit presumptuous . ''
`` I 'm not good enough to change everything , '' they said then .
Maybe they are .
___
Steve Douglas is at www.twitter.com/sdouglas80
By Steve Douglas , The Associated Press
Britain 's Secretary of State for leaving the EU David Davis speaks at the Prosperity UK 2017 conference in London , April 26 , 2017 . REUTERS/Hannah McKay
LONDON Britain will not be paying 100 billion euros ( 84.58 billion pounds ) to leave the European Union , Brexit minister David Davis said on Wednesday after the Financial Times reported that the EU was preparing to demand that amount .
Citing its own analysis of new stricter demands it said were driven by France and Germany , the newspaper said 100 billion euros was a gross figure .
`` We 'll not be paying 100 billion . What we 've got to do is discuss in detail what the rights and obligations are , '' Davis told British channel ITV .
They also said that the British government had not seen a figure from the EU for the exit bill .
The FT said that after requests from member states , EU negotiators had revised their initial calculations to maximise the liabilities Britain would be asked to cover , including post-Brexit farm payments and EU administration fees in 2019 and 2020 .
( Reporting by Estelle Shirbon , editing by Guy Faulconbridge )
( This March 18 item corrects spelling of Arthaud 's first name )
PARIS Eleven people have received the 500 endorsements from elected officials needed in order to run in the first round of the French presidential elections on April 23 . The top two will qualify for a run-off on May 7 .
NATHALIE ARTHAUD , 46 , WORKERS ' STRUGGLE
Economics professor who runs for the far-left Trotskyist party . Wants the voice of the workers to be heard . Won 0.5 percent of vote in 2012 .
FRANCOIS ASSELINEAU , 59 , POPULAR REPUBLICAN UNION
A member of France 's elite administrative corp of finance inspectors , sovereignist , who wants withdrawal from EU , Euro , NATO .
JACQUES CHEMINADE , 75 , SOLIDARITY & PROGRESS PARTY
Former civil servant in economy ministry . Running in third presidential race having won 0.2 percent in 2012 . Wants to break free from shackles of international finance , leave EU and drop the euro .
NICOLAS DUPONT-AIGNAN , 55 , DEBOUT LA FRANCE
Gaullist , sovereignist lawmaker , who won 1.8 percent of vote in 2012 . Formerly of the centre-right party , wants to renegotiate European treaties , reduce immigration and reconsider the euro .
FRANCOIS FILLON , 63 , THE REPUBLICAINS
Seeking return to power for mainstream centre-right after five-year hiatus . Won the ticket on proposals to slash public spending and cut state sector jobs . Social conservative from region with strong Catholic roots .
BENOIT HAMON , 49 , SOCIALIST PARTY
Positioned to the left end of their Socialist Party . 'Big idea ' is costly social welfare reform under which the state provides a no-strings monthly income to all adults .
JEAN LASSALLE , 61 , INDEPENDENT
Centrist lawmaker . Known for a 39-day hunger strike to oppose a factory closure in their constituency . Proposes moratorium on national debt , renegotiation of European treaties , disengagement of overseas military operations .
MARINE LE PEN,48 , NATIONAL FRONT
Seeking first presidential win for far-right party their father Jean-Marie Le Pen founded in 1972 but which they have rebranded as anti-establishment party that caters to working class voters of left-wing leaning as well as anti-immigrant , anti-EU and `` French-first '' voters
EMMANUEL MACRON , 39 , EN MARCHE , AN UNAFFILIATED MOVEMENT
Former investment banker , economy minister under Socialist President Francois Hollande . Created non-partisan political movement with stated goal of transcending the limits of traditional left- and right-wing parties , with policies that would combine state protection and business freedom to innovate .
JEAN-LUC MELENCHON , 65 , LEFT PARTY
Total overhaul of political system , high tax , big spending on environmental transition , EU-hostile . `` Indomitable France '' grouping is backed by the country 's Communist party .
PHILIPPE POUTOU , 49 , NEW ANTICAPITALIST PARTY
Car factory worker . Like Arthaud wants to defend the rights of workers . Won 1 percent of vote in 2012 .
( Reporting by John Irish ; editing by Michel Rose )
PLUS : Cameran talks the biggest changes since becoming a first time mom : ‘ I thought it would be easier '
Come back every weekday at 8:30 a.m. EST to watch People Now streaming live from the Meredith offices in New York City , and rebroadcast at 11:30 a.m. EST . Get the absolute latest in celebrity news , real-life people stories & the best of fashion and food .
Want even more ? Watch clips from yesterday 's People Now .
Q : What do you enjoy about Hamilton ?
A : You know , I had an opportunity to get another job here in Canada when I was already working here . I thought about it and they were even offering a little more money , but I decided to stay here . I 'm actually happy here . I enjoy Hamilton and the work we do here at St. Joe 's and McMaster . What I like about Hamilton is there 's this mix of big city and small city . There are some characteristics of a big city , but most people act like they 're living in a small city . They 're interested in how you 're doing , they ask about you . You do n't see that in a big city like Toronto or São Paulo . I hope we never lose this .
Q : What Canadian customs have you embraced and which ones still seem odd to you ?
A : One thing I had never done before was watch hockey . I like sports and when I came here to Canada , I started to watch and it was Montreal , so I followed the Canadiens . I really enjoy watching it , actually . It 's really fast . I learned to really enjoy it . I root for the Montreal Canadiens , which means I 'm not really a big fan of the Maple Leafs ( he laughs ) .
The odd one ? I can not understand how you deal with wintertime . Your attitude to cold weather is still amazing . This morning , it was what -17 , and people were smiling on the street . I was thinking it was probably because their faces were frozen like that . I ca n't understand . Oh yes , and this : It does n't matter what you say , poutine is not healthy . That 's for sure . It might taste good , but it 's not healthy .
Q : What do you miss about Brazil ?
A : What I really miss about Brazil is the people — my family and friends that I still have there . I miss that most . And the weather . If we had a little bit more of Brazil 's weather , that would be great . Brazil has been struggling with a lot of social problems and it 's amazing how resilient the people are . I do n't think it 's something that 's unique about the country , but it 's something that 's very characteristic of the people . There 's a kind of energy that they have .
sbuist @ thespec.com
905-526-3226
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK , June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks , while tamping down the risk of currency declines , regulatory filings showed on Wednesday .
DW : After Vladimir Putin 's easy re-election as Russian president , you are warning that they no longer has any `` red lines '' and , with another mandate , will stop at nothing to get what they want . What are you worried about ? Ukraine ? The rest of the world ?
Pavlo Klimkin : It involves the whole democratic community because five years ago many people did not believe Putin could ever invade Ukraine . One year ago many people did not believe at all that [ Russia ] could organize , using nerve agents , on British soil . So , fundamentally , there are no red lines here . It 's about a comprehensive and coordinated answer . Without such [ an ] answer , without a kind of platform for the whole trans-Atlantic community — and I understand Ukraine is an important part of the trans-Atlantic community — Russia will try to meddle in the democratic institutions .
So what you must be saying is that the response so far — sanctions , freezing , no `` business as usual '' — has not been enough .
But there are other measures ; there could be more targeted sanctions . There could be more political pressure . There could be attempts to counter Russian unconventional threats . It could be about energy , it could be about cyber , it could be about many issues .
Watch video 04:36 Share Crimea four years on Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http : //p.dw.com/p/2uQpX Crimea four years after the Russian takeover
You 've suggested nobody should go to the upcoming football World Cup in Russia .
Definitely ! Look , how can you say that Russia deserves such a football championship now after what basically has happened : us in Ukraine , Crimea , Donbass , so many cases of meddling into elections in Europe and all around the democratic world . But using nerve agents on British soil , endangering British citizens and doing it — raising the stakes intentionally just one week before the presidential elections in Russia . So we need a tough coordinated answer to the Russian threat .
There has been some criticism of Ukraine for not letting the Russians in Ukraine vote in the Russian election on Sunday . Why did you do that ?
Firstly we said very clearly the whole elections are not legitimate on the territory of occupied Crimea because the Russians have one single constituency . The issue of legitimacy for this election is definitely under question . But there is another point about security and safety around Russian diplomatic representations in a very emotional way . How should I explain to people who lost their brothers in arms or their relatives or their loved ones because of the Russian aggression that Russian elections should go just this way ? So we have to care also about people and I believe it was good in the sense of safety and security yesterday in Ukraine .
You are saying that former German Chancellor Gerhard Schröder , and people like them who are voluntarily representing Russian interests abroad should be put under EU sanctions .
No no no , I am not saying that . But what I did say and it 's very important , is that the EU — both nationally and at the EU level — should act against such persons because they keep driving projects , Russian projects , which are supported by Russian companies , which are under EU sanctions and which are used now as a tool in the sense of Russian meddling into the European Union .
So on lobbyists like Gerhard Schröder , there should be a clear understanding , what is their role , and there should be a clear understanding , what is the way forward . It 's not about sanctioning them tomorrow and after tomorrow . Let 's be fair . But in a political sense , I believe people like Gerhard Schröder totally lost their credibility . And in this sense there should be a political drive enacted against them .
German member of the European Parliament David McAllister said they agreed that it 's a shame Schröder is doing that . Do you think sanctions are something that could happen as people try to drill down harder on Moscow ?
Of course , because it 's the only way forward . Otherwise Moscow will come and simply try to meddle in the whole way democratic institutions here in the European Union , in the whole civilized world , [ operate ] and Russia has been already doing that . Tolerating that would mean Putin could do something else any other day . And remember what has been tested in Ukraine — Russian propaganda , May 17 invasion , cyber , terrorist attacks , everything — now could be tested here . And the same pattern of propaganda and fake news after May 17 now come back with the Russian denial of what happened in Salisbury . So everyone should be acutely aware of it .
Mogherini visited Ukraine in early March , both giving support to Kyiv and urging further reforms .
You 've just seen the EU foreign ministers . Does it seem like Europe is going to mount such a response ?
I believe the mood is good for shaping up such a response . What kind of measures will be taken I ca n't say — you should ask [ EU foreign policy chief ] Federica Mogherini on that — but the mood is definitely different from before .
It sounds like this is sort of a zero-sum game for Russia and Ukraine — the worse Russia behaves , the more the EU understands what you 've been telling them for years ... the more NATO sees they need to protect you .
Unfortunately , the understanding of Russian behavior and Russian intention had not come from the very beginning and some people needed time to understand what is Russia about ... what this Kremlin regime is about . But it 's coming , it 's coming definitely into this sense of clear understanding what Russia is able to deliver or how Russia is able to meddle in the sense of democratic institutions .
Pavlo Klimkin is the foreign minister of Ukraine . They previously served as their country 's ambassador to Germany from 2012 to 2014 . Klimkin spoke to DW at NATO Headquarters after meeting NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg and European Union foreign ministers .
LONDON British bank Shawbrook Group 's ( SHAW.L ) independent directors said on Tuesday that they could not recommend a buyout bid from a consortium of private equity firms .
The lender 's independent directors said they unanimously recommended that Shawbrook shareholders take no action in relation to the 842 million pound offer , which was announced on March 31 .
The bank itself has already spurned the approach from buyout funds Pollen Street Capital and BC Partners .
In January , the consortium made an offer of 307 pence per share , which it increased to 330 pence in March .
Pollen Street currently owns 38.8 percent of Shawbrook and the joint private equity groups had previously said they have received letters of intent from other shareholders representing 6 percent .
Britain 's smaller challenger banks have been increasingly seen as ripe for takeovers in recent months as a prolonged period of low interest rates has squeezed earnings and the pound 's fall has made them cheaper for foreign buyers .
( Reporting by Clara Denina ; Editing by Rachel Armstrong )
The logo of POSCO is seen at the company 's headquarters in Seoul , South Korea , July 20 , 2016 . REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
SEOUL South Korean steelmaker POSCO ( 005490.KS ) said on Thursday it estimated its first-quarter operating profit likely jumped more than four-fifths , topping analysts ' expectations , underpinned by solid steel demand in China amid rising prices .
For 2019 , the world 's fourth-biggest steelmaker said it expects to nearly double its annual operating profit to 5 trillion won compared with last year , fuelled by higher-margin premium products and improvements in non-steel businesses .
Disclosing preliminary earnings guidance for the first time , the world 's fourth-largest steelmaker said operating profit for January-March was about 1.2 trillion won ( 0.86 billion pounds ) , climbing 82 percent from 659.8 billion won a year ago and beating a consensus forecast of 816 billion won from 16 analysts ' views .
Steel prices SRBcv1 in China , the world 's biggest consumer , have risen 16 percent so far in 2017 , extending last year 's sharp recovery from a six-year decline as Beijing implements efforts to spur infrastructure spending and cut excess manufacturing capacity .
POSCO , which estimated revenue climbed 17 percent to 14.6 trillion won in the period while net profit more than doubled to 800 billion won , expects to report final first-quarter numbers next month .
Company chairperson Kwon Oh-joon , who has restructured affiliates and cut debts at the steel giant to help cope with intense competition from China and once-sagging product prices , was appointed for another three-year term early this month .
The estimates were disclosed after POSCO shares closed down 0.9 percent on Thursday while the broader market .KS11 fell 0.1 percent . The company 's shares have risen 10 percent this year , outpacing the market 's 7 percent rise , after snapping six consecutive years of declines last year .
( Reporting by Hyunjoo Jin ; Additional reporting by Manolo Serapio in MANILA ; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell )
BRIEF-Bitfinex says DDoS attack on platform is ongoing
* Crypto-Currency exchange Bitfinex says DDoS attack on platform is ongoing , most users will be able to use platform normally though
ZIPANGU : Atsushi Hasegawa and Isao Seki Full Parts
Japan is where it 's at in 2017 . Not only do they have the most epic pow , ever , the urban boarding scene is thriving as well . Plus there are companies such as Flux , willing to invest it making movies about it and advertising on Yobeat , and we like that about them .
Flux 's mini movie Zipangu is dropping in parts and we debated long and hard which one of the two released today to post in the big player above . In the end , we just could n't resist the chance to make a joke about a Japanese dude being named “ Atsushi , ” because MMMM . Sushi .
Then we decided they 're both pretty sick so here 's Isao Seki 's part , too ! Hit full screen and let that shit roll !
LONDON , April 12 Britain 's EDF Energy will raise its dual fuel bills paid by direct debit by 7.2 percent from June 21 , the company said on Wednesday .
The rise will add around 78 pounds ( $ 97.51 ) a year to the average dual bill , which is for both gas and electricity , EDF Energy , the British arm of French utility EDF said .
Around 55 percent of the company 's customers will be unaffected by the changes as they have fixed-terms tariffs , EDF said . ( $ 1 = 0.7999 pounds ) ( Reporting by Susanna Twidale , editing by Louise Heavens )
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND , Va. -- A cold front is approaching from the north . Widely scattered showers and thunderstorms will sink southward through the state Wednesday evening . Widespread severe weather is not expected , but isolated storms may produce strong winds and some hail . Due to the high humidity , locally heavy downpours will occur . Storm threat will diminish tonight , but it will stay warm and humid with lows near 70° . Areas of fog will be possible .
The cold front will be located southwest of Richmond on Thursday and Friday . This , along with additional cloud cover , will bring some cooler temperatures . It will stay humid with highs in the 70s against the coast and 80s across the metro . Widely scattered storms will be possible both days .
The front will lift back northward over the weekend , boosting highs back into the upper 80s and lower 90s . Scattered storms will be possible over the weekend , with better chance on Saturday .
Another front will move through late Monday and early Tuesday with a better chance of showers and storms . Highs most next week will be in the upper 80s and lower 90s . The summer solstice occurs at 12:24 a.m. next Wednesday , June 21 .
Britain 's Prime Minister Theresa May speaks in Parliament as they announce that they have sent the letter to trigger the process of leaving the European Union in London , March 29 , 2017 . Parliament TV handout via REUTERS
LONDON Now is the time for Britain to come together and ensure it gets the best Brexit deal possible , Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday after the country formally triggered its exit from the European Union .
European Council President Donald Tusk received a letter from the British ambassador to the EU on Wednesday , confirming Britain 's intention to leave the European Union .
`` Now is the time for us to come together and be united across this house ( of parliament ) and across this country to ensure that we work for the best possible deal for the United Kingdom and the best possible future for us all , '' May told parliament .
( Reporting by Kylie MacLellan , Elizabeth Piper and William James , editing by Estelle Shirbon )
NEW YORK Swiss bank UBS AG reported Friday that profits for its Wealth Management Americas business rose 8 percent over last year as higher operating income , client activity and cuts to recruiting offset higher employee pay doled out to top brokers .
UBS Wealth Management Americas Chief Executive Tom Naratil 's commitment to spend less on recruiting showed as the bank reported recruitment loans to financial advisers fell 9 percent to $ 2.9 billion , from $ 3.25 billion last year .
This includes new recruitment loans and existing ones for advisers that continue to be paid out over a period of several years .
UBS AG Chief Financial Officer Kirt Gardner said on a call with analysts that the U.S. wealth business had a higher concentration of recruitment loans from the years following the 2008 financial crisis when `` we had a high degree of recruitment . ''
`` We 've refocused our ( attention to ) retention rather than net recruiting ... and you 'll continue to see those loans come down , '' a benefit that will show up in lower expenses by the fourth quarter this year , Gardner said .
Compensation for new recruits fell 1 percent to $ 197 million this quarter from last year . The firm reported it had 6,969 advisers this quarter , down 176 from the first quarter last year and 56 fewer than in the fourth quarter last year .
Overall , financial adviser compensation rose 11 percent to $ 791 million this quarter from $ 714 million last year .
The results were in line with projections UBS Wealth Management Americas Chief Executive Tom Naratil made last summer when they announced they would back away from the aggressive and costly recruiting practices that had become an industry norm .
UBS 's North American wealth business is now aiming to have between 6,500 and 7,000 advisers , and to entice their top advisers to stay with the firm by paying them more .
However , slowing recruiting was a drag on the quarter 's net new money inflows . The firm reported $ 1.9 billion in net new money this quarter , down dramatically from $ 13.6 billion in net new money in the first quarter of 2016 .
During the first quarter last year , inflows were predominantly driven by money brought in by newly recruited advisers , according to the bank 's quarterly report .
( Editing by Bernadette Baum )
Watford have proved they can compete with the top Premier League teams and they aim to dent leaders Chelsea 's title hopes in the penultimate game of the campaign , full back Daryl Janmaat has said .
Midfielder Emre Can 's spectacular overhead scissor kick helped Liverpool claim a 1-0 league victory over Watford at Vicarage Road on Monday but Janmaat was pleased with their side 's spirited performance .
Asked whether Watford can cause problems to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge , Janmaat said , `` It is a different game to Liverpool , it is away from home , but I think we can . ''
`` We have shown we can compete with big teams in this league . We played well against the big teams and last night we deserved more .
`` We played a good game but we missed a bit of luck . You can always stop a goal but sometimes you have to give credit to a goal like this . ''
Walter Mazzarri 's Watford , currently 13th in the league , have suffered back-to-back league defeats without scoring a single goal .
They visit Leicester City on Saturday followed by trips to Everton and Chelsea .
( Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru ; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty )
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON , June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) said on Thursday that New Zealand 's central bank should add debt-to-income ( DTI ) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country 's housing market .
FORT LAUDERDALE , FLA. ( WSVN ) - A South Florida man who said they were only trying to protect their property is facing a serious charge .
Fort Lauderdale resident James Tenney was charged Friday with attempted manslaughter with a firearm .
Officials said Tenney , 35 , fired at two fleeing teen burglars , injuring one of them after the suspects broke into their vehicle near Southwest Sixth Court and Sixth Street .
Surveillance cameras in Tenney 's own home captured the Dec. 12 incident .
Paramedics transported the injured teen with an injury that was not life-threatening .
Tenney is being held on $ 15,000 bond .
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Barton County is one of the few counties in the State that require dogs and cats to be immunized on a yearly basis but that could be changing soon . According to Barton County Operations Director Phil Hathcock , Commissioners are having a resolution prepared that will allow for immunizations to be given to dogs and cats every three years instead of just one .
Phil Hathcock Audio
Hathcock reminds pet owners to check with their veterinarian to make sure that the rabies vaccine that is being administered is a three year vaccine and not just a one year vaccine .
At a study session in early March , Commissioners heard from several people on both sides of the immunization issue . Barton County Veterinarians all support the policy of getting animals immunized on a yearly basis . That is the same opinion held by the Barton County Health Department .
Hathcock did not know when the resolution would be ready for a vote by Commissioners who do not meet again until Monday , May 7th .
SOFIA ( Reuters ) - Bulgarian world number four Grigor Dimitrov said they would not defend their title at next week 's Sofia Open as they have failed to recover from a shoulder injury .
“ I and my team had to take one of the most difficult decisions - to skip this year 's edition of the tournament in Sofia , ” Dimitrov said in a statement .
“ Earlier today I had my last medical consultation . Unfortunately I will not be at 100 percent ready for next week . If I play it would lead to additional risks and complications . ”
Local favourite Dimitrov will be replaced by Swiss Stan Wawrinka , who is trying to resurrect their career after suffering a knee injury .
“ On back of disappointing news of Dimitrov injury , great that triple grand slam champion Stan Wawrinka will play Sofia Open , ” the tournament director Paul McNamee said on Twitter .
South Korea 's Chung Hyeon will also miss the tournament after failing to recover from the foot injury that forced them to retire from their Australian Open semi-final against Roger Federer .
There 's a baby boom at Connecticut 's Beardsley Zoo .
After starting a livecam for its two beautiful Amur tiger cubs , the zoo is now welcoming three critically endangered maned wolf pups as well .
The trio was born on Dec. 27 to two first-time parents . Mom and dad are doing a great job caring for the pups , handling the child-rearing together as is common for maned wolves . Bonita , the mom , adores all their babies , but is paying close attention to their smallest pup , and is making sure they each get enough time to nurse .
This is the first time maned wolf pups have been born at a zoo in Connecticut . There are only 4,000 maned wolves left in the wild , so every new arrival is celebrated , especially since it is difficult for maned wolves to breed in captivity .
Courtesy Connecticut 's Beardsley Zoo
Ca n't get enough of cats , dogs and other furry friends ? Click here to get the cutest pet news and photos delivered directly to your inbox .
Courtesy Connecticut 's Beardsley Zoo
Their numbers are drastically low due to severe deforestation for farming that has destroyed their natural habitats in South America . Beardsley Zoo is working with the Species Survival Plan to make sure the maned wolf line stays genetically diverse , so the entire species is protected in the future .
For now the wolf pups are not on public display , but behind the scenes enjoying bonding time with their parents in a heated den … which honestly sounds really comfortable after Punxsutawney Phil 's latest prediction .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND , Va. – A Church Hill resident contacted the CBS 6 Problem Solvers , concerned over deteriorating conditions at a Richmond park , that they said would also be safer if the lights were working .
Richard Donald loves their home on Church Hill , and they especially love living so close to Chimborazo Park . But when they moved in , Donald discovered there was no lighting in this Chimborazo playground area , and that neighbors felt unsafe .
‘ At the time this was pretty dangerous it was a drug and gang hang out , ” Donald said .
So Donald , a professional lighting designer , went to the city ` s department of Parks and Recreation and offered to help install these lights at their own expense .
They took care of that , and all the electrical between them .
“ We used my bucket truck and my employees , ” they said .
After that , they said the city started to spruce up the park ; installing a new basketball court and playground .
Now Donald fears things are going downhill again .
“ You can see how dark this is at night , ” they said .
They contacted CBS 6 Problem Solvers , who took a tour of the park with him .
They showed us the damaged electrical wires and equipment on top of this playground gazebo , and said that 's why these basketball court lights have n't worked for five months .
Donald said they have had no luck getting the city to fix them .
“ So soon as it gets dark they pack up and they go because the lights do n't work , ” Donald said. “ The power has been disconnected . I want them to put it back so kids and the community have a safe place to play . ”
Donald , an avid tennis player , also pointed out the aging , peeling tennis court that is riddled with cracks .
“ When you 're trying to play tennis the balls are hitting the cracks , ” they said . “ This needs a complete resurfacing . ”
The homeowner said they just wants the best for their neighborhood and they do n't mind speaking up .
They just hopes city officials will listen and respond .
CBS 6 News is working for you . Click here to email a tip to the CBS 6 Problem Solvers . Be sure to leave us your name , phone number and detailed description of the problem . You can also leave a message by calling 804-254-3672 .
DAKAR , Dec 10 ( Reuters ) - The Congolese lower house of parliament has adopted a new mining code that will increase taxes and royalties , an aide to the parliament speaker said .
The code had originally been proposed in 2015 , but was shelved because of fierce objections from mining companies , which complained that it would put off investment . It now goes to the Senate for another vote . ( Reporting by Aaron Ross ; Writing by Tim Cocks ; Editing by Toby Chopra )
The Killers have released a new single titled “ The Man . ”
Related : The Killers Perform New Track , ‘ Run for Cover '
The track is the first new music from the band since their 2012 album Battle Born ( assuming you do n't count their 2016 Christmas album Do n't Waste Your Wishes ) . Hopefully , this signals a fifth studio effort is imminent . “ The Man ” was recorded with the producer Jacknife Lee during album sessions in Las Vegas and Los Angeles . The song finds frontman Brandon Flowers looking back on their younger self , the persona from their Grammy-nominated debut Hot Fuss , and reconciling that wide-eyed character with the man they are now .
Check out the latest from The Killers below .
DUBLIN ( Reuters ) - Ryanair has asked pilots in its home base in Dublin to bypass their trade union and directly accept a pay rise - even as it holds talks with unions across Europe to formalise its shock decision to recognise them .
Europe 's biggest budget airline was forced last year to recognise unions for the first time in its 32-year history in order to avoid a Christmas strike , after it had to cancel 20,000 flights earlier in the year due to a shortage of standby pilots .
It made a breakthrough earlier this week when it secured a formal recognition agreement with British union BALPA , but unions in other countries , including Ireland , have said they are not happy with how the negotiations are proceeding .
Now , in the latest sign of discord , the airline has accused Irish union FORSA/IALPA of misleading pilots .
Ryanair says that the 65 percent of pilots in Dublin not represented by a union have accepted the pay increase , but that the 35 percent represented by FORSA/IALPA were refusing to do so .
“ Ryanair has written to this 35 percent to allow them to individually accept these pay increases in February ... due to IALPA 's refusal to hold a vote that they know they will lose , ” Ryanair said in a statement .
“ We will not stand idly by while they ( FORSA/IALPA ) delay and mislead our Dublin pilots , ” the statement said .
In a letter to pilots making the offer , Ryanair management said that FORSA/IALPA had not responded since it sent a formal recognition agreement on Jan. 3 . The union denies this , saying it has sent letters to management on three occasions since then .
In a letter sent on Wednesday seen by Reuters , FORSA/IALPA told Ryanair that pilots at meetings had unanimously agreed to reject Ryanair 's pay offer unless Ryanair confirmed that the acceptance would not prejudice future pay talks .
The pilots are also demanding that Ryanair agree that FORSA/IALPA be recognised as the exclusive body for collective bargaining with Ryanair pilots based in Ireland and that the airline 's system of agreements with individual bases be terminated , the letter said .
Unions from across Europe last week sent a letter to Ryanair demanding a joint meeting with management , a demand the airline has refused .
S.Korea stocks down on Fed hike , comments on cutting bond portfolio
* Local institutions seem worried , selling large amount of KOSPI * KOSPI to continue upward trend -analyst * Won erases gains as dlr rebounds SEOUL , June 15 South Korean shares slid to a one-week low early on Thursday as the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and said it would reduce its holdings in bonds and other securities , signalling a more positive outlook on the U.S. economy . The Korea Composite Stock Price Index ( KOSPI ) was dow
Wan na party with Pardi ?
Brothers Osborne posted a hilarious photo to their Instagram and Twitter accounts on Sunday of Jon Pardi ‘ s head photoshopped onto Cardi B ‘ s body , complete with their long red nails with the caption “ Pardi B. ” Pardi and the siblings , who just released their latest album Port Saint Joe are longtime friends who toured together during Pardi 's headlining act in 2015 .
The “ Dirt on My Boots ” singer , who recently performed at the Academy of Country Music Awards , responded to the photo through their own Twitter account . “ Okurrr @ brothersosborne Okurrr , ” they wrote in their own pitch-perfect Cardi impression .
Other country stars joined in on the fun , including “ The Long Way ” singer Brett Eldredge . “ Hahaha well played , ” they commented on the Instagram post .
“ Mighta got ta little Blood on my Loubs. ” 👠 — MAREN MORRIS ( @ MarenMorris ) April 23 , 2018
Newlywed Maren Morris — who recently received new puppy Pancake from Pardi 's mom — also responded to the photo , writing “ Mighta got ta little Blood on my Loubs , ” on both Instagram and Twitter because the photo is just “ too good . ”
Fans also found the photo hilarious , with some people playing off Pardi 's song lyrics , and others asking how they could “ unsee ” the picture .
Are they a heartache on the dancefloor ? — Charles Fortune , Jr. ( @ charlie13blue ) April 22 , 2018
No . No . No . My eyes cant unsee this people . — lamadrelinda🌴☀️🎶 ( @ LaLindaMadre ) April 23 , 2018
Cardi B 's album Invasion of Privacy broke records this year when they became the first female rapper to hit the number one on the Billboard Top 100 list with their single “ Bodak Yellow , ” and smashed Beyoncé 's record for Most Simultaneous Billboard U.S . Hot 100 entries by a female .
Cardi B
The rapper has yet to respond to the photo on social media , but with their sense of humor , she 'd probably appreciate Brothers Osborne “ Flexin ' on the ‘ gram like aye . ”
Winning numbers drawn in 'Cash 5 ' game
AUSTIN , Texas ( AP ) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening 's drawing of the Texas Lottery 's `` Cash 5 '' game were :
02-06-14-15-29
( two , six , fourteen , fifteen , twenty-nine )
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND , Va. - Bryant & Stratton College offers a wide range of career opportunities to prospective students . Campus Director , Beth Murphy joined us recently to fill us in on the programs offered by the career college , and also to share the details behind an upcoming Open House event .
Bryant & Stratton 's Career Open House takes place on Saturday , August 19th from 10 am to 1 pm at 8141 Hull Street in North Chesterfield .
For more information you can call 804-745-2444 or visit http : //www.bryantstratton.edu
{ THIS SEGMENT IS SPONSORED BY BRYANT & STRATTON COLLEGE }
Law enforcement officials across the country are asking people to stop sharing a video on Facebook that depicts child pornography .
People across the country have contacted media outlets and police departments about the video . Many people are sharing the video in hopes of identifying the man shown abusing the child .
Investigators are asking people to stop sharing the video or screenshots of the video on social media — and this includes sharing it with police departments and media outlets on Facebook .
“ If you saved it , if you posted it to your page , if you sent it to someone else… you 're disseminating child porn , and that 's a felony , ” Tim Gann , an attorney in Alabama , told WHNT . “ If you are in possession of ( the video ) , no matter your good intentions , that is also a felony . ”
FBI officials and federal prosecutors are investigating the case . There have been multiple reports of a suspect being arrested in connection with this case . Because of the nature of the investigation , investigators are not confirming any information about arrests .
“ Every time it gets posted , the victim in this case gets re-victimized for more people to see what they have been subjected to , ” Gann said . “ There 's no need to repost this video . Law enforcement are doing their jobs . They are investigating . They are doing their best to identify the parties . There is no need for social media to be involved . ”
What should you do if you see the video ?
A spokesperson for Central Alabama CrimeStoppers said you should report the video to the social media platform and call your local law enforcement office . Do not share the video to the department 's Facebook page and do not disseminate the video using Facebook Messenger . Do not save the video or screenshots of the video on your phone . You can also contact the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children at 1-800-THE-LOST ( 1-800-843-5678 ) .
Central Alabama CrimeStoppers issued a statement on Friday :
Law enforcement agencies throughout Alabama are conducting an ongoing criminal investigation surrounding the sexual assault of a child and the distribution of a video depicting the assault .
This video has been shared widely on social media . As this investigation proceeds , law enforcement issues a reminder to the public that possession , dissemination or sharing of this video is a criminal act punishable under the Code of Alabama , §13A-12-191 , Dissemination or public display of obscene matter containing visual depiction of persons under 17 years of age involved in obscene acts , a Class B felony ; and §13A-12-192 ( b ) , Possession and possession with intent to disseminate obscene matter containing visual depiction of persons under 17 years of age involved in obscene acts , a Class C felony .
In addition to investigating the circumstances of the assault , investigators are working to determine how and by whom the video was shared . If you receive this video through social media , report it to the social media platform and delete it immediately . Do not share it , as criminal charges may result .
Anyone with information relevant to this investigation is asked to contact CrimeStoppers at 334-215-STOP , or the Alabama Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force , 334-353-1224 .
JOHANNESBURG , March 28 South African Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan said `` let 's wait and see '' when asked about reports that President Jacob Zuma was set to remove him , as they arrived back from an investor roadshow in Britain on Zuma 's orders .
Gordhan told reporters shortly after landing at Johannesburg 's international airport that they were focused on restoring faith in Africa 's most industrialised economy and had met with about 50 investors while in London .
On Monday , Zuma recalled Gordhan from the roadshow , fuelling lingering speculation of a cabinet reshuffle . South African assets , including the rand , have fallen sharply since Gordhan was told to return to South Africa . ( Reporting by Nqobile Dludla and Olwethu Boso ; Writing by Joe Brock ; Editing by James Macharia )
WASHINGTON | President Donald Trump delivered a foreboding message , telling reporters as they posed for photos with their senior military leaders that this might be “ the calm before the storm . ”
White House reporters were summoned suddenly Thursday evening and told the president had decided they wanted the press to document a dinner they were holding with the military leaders and their wives .
President Donald Trump , right , speaks during a briefing with senior military leaders in the Cabinet Room of the White House in Washington , Thursday , Oct. 5 , 2017 , with National Security Adviser H.R . McMaster , left , and Defense Secretary Jim Mattis , center . ( AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais ) President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump , center , poses for a group photo with senior military leaders and spouses in the State Dining Room of the White House in Washington , Thursday , Oct. 5 , 2017 . Trump was hosting the dinner for the group . ( AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais )
Reporters were led hastily to the grand State Dining Room , where they walked into a scene of the president , their highest-ranking military aides and their wives posing for a group photo . The cameras clicked and they smiled . A joke was made about someone 's face being tired . Live classical music played .
Then , Trump gestured to the reporters in the room .
“ You guys know what this represents ? ” Trump asked . “ Maybe it 's the calm before the storm . Could be the calm , the calm before the storm . ”
“ What storm Mr. President ? ” one reporter shouted . ISIS ? North Korea ? Iran ?
“ You 'll find out , ” the president said .
They also praised those assembled for the photo , saying : “ We have the world 's great military people in this room , I will tell you that . ”
Earlier in the evening , the president had lauded the group , including their defense secretary and chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , and said they would be discussing the most pressing military issues facing the country , including North Korea and Iran .
Trump said “ tremendous progress ” had been made with respect to the Islamic State group , adding , “ I guess the media 's going to be finding out about that over the next short period of time . ”
They also denounced Iran , saying the country should not be allowed to obtain nuclear weapons , and offered another stark warning to North Korea 's Kim Jong-un .
“ We can not allow this dictatorship to threaten our nation or allies with unimaginable loss of life , ” they said , vowing to “ do what we must do to prevent that from happening and it will be done , if necessary . Believe me . ”
They also said that , moving forward , they expect those in the room to provide them with “ a broad range of military options , when needed , at a much faster pace . ”
__
Follow Colvin on Twitter at https : //twitter.com/colvinj
It was Sunday morning when I heard some of my favorite words , “ Grandma , I 'm here ! ” This statement is usually accompanied by huge grins of the faces of the speakers and the listener .
Thirty years ago the words were , “ Mom , I 'm home ” Those words are still favorites .
This time it was the 6- and 8-year-old grandsons .
Their first concern was hunger . Seems they did n't have time for breakfast . I offered cereal , but they informed me they were n't allowed to have cereal on Sunday . However , they could have toast with peanut butter or jelly or both .
I did n't bother to check with their mom . I just fix them what they want because Grandmas can do that .
While they ate , they wanted to talk about the huge nest of grubs finds in one of the branches when their uncles were splitting logs from my old maple tree . “ Were they really as big as Grandpa 's thumb ? ” one asked .
I tried to change the subject but did n't get very far . They wanted to know about the huge nest of big old black ants in one of the logs .
That reminded me of an evening two years ago when the same two had stopped by with their sisters and their mom . The younger had missed their nap and was really whiny .
They could n't reach the candy counter yet but their brother could . The brother was sucking contentedly on a Tootsie Pop . The younger one was crying because they did n't have one .
Mom told big sister to get them one . They walked out and right back in to whisper something in their mother 's ear . Them mom looked at me and said , “ She says the Tootsie Pop box is full of ants. ” I ran to the kitchen to get rid of the box . They ran to the older boy to get the Tootsie Pop .
I was more successful than they were except for one little detail . The younger boy was begging me for one of the suckers . I slammed an ant-free one down on the sink and told them their mom had to hand it to him . Then I ran out the door with the box and the pesticide .
When I returned , the older boy was really annoyed , and my daughter was shaking their head in disbelief . “ Boys are so different from girls , ” they said .
They had ordered their son to give them the Tootsie Pop they had in their mouth . They asked why . They said , “ The box had ants in it. ” They pulled their sucker out of their mouth , looked it over and announced , “ None on this one ! ” and popped it back in their mouth .
“ My girls would have been freaking out if they thought any bug had even come close to them , let alone on something they were eating , ” they concluded as the youngest boy was still bewailing the fact they never got their sucker and the older one was complaining because they did n't get to finish his .
The ant 's nest in the old maple tree explained why we had been fighting ant invasions for the last couple years . It also cut my mourning time for the loss of my maple tree .
We had to cut another tree down for our remodeling project , but I had never really bonded with that one . It was in full view of the streets out front .
One day a friend stopped by to visit . As we were chatting in the house , the three youngest boys took on a project of their own . They were annoyed with their little sister because they followed them wherever they went . So they devised a plan . They told them they were an Indian and they were cowboys . They had captured them and had tied them to that tree . The oldest boy of the three had just earned their badge for tying knots from the Cub Scouts . They did a great job . They ran off to play and left them bound to the tree .
We found out about it when a police officer knocked on our door . When I answered , they asked if I knew there was a child tied to a tree in my yard . Seems some Good Samaritan had seen them and gone to the police department to report our child abuse . I soothed our little girl , and when I caught up with their brothers I made sure they never did that again .
That was more than 30 years ago , but I never did like that tree very much after that .
AUTHOR 'S NOTE : This column was first published in the Greenville Advocate July 2 , 2003 .
https : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/05/web1_KathleenFloydPRINT-4.jpg
By Kathleen Floyd Back Around the House II
Kathleen Floyd is a volunteer citizen columnist , who serves The Daily Advocate readers weekly with their column Back Around the House II . They can be reached at kfloyd @ woh.rr.com . Viewpoints expressed in the article are the work of the author . The Daily Advocate does not endorse these viewpoints or the independent activities of the author .
Kathleen Floyd is a volunteer citizen columnist , who serves The Daily Advocate readers weekly with their column Back Around the House II . They can be reached at kfloyd @ woh.rr.com . Viewpoints expressed in the article are the work of the author . The Daily Advocate does not endorse these viewpoints or the independent activities of the author .
Romania 's president asks ruling coalition to solve internal crisis
BUCHAREST , June 15 Romanian President Klaus Iohannis on Thursday called on politicians to solve the country 's political crisis and will only appoint a new prime minister if the incumbent resigns or loses a non-confidence vote in parliament , their spokesperson said on Thursday .
The Bucs have had their struggles so far this softball season . Before heading into the Eagles Classic in Morehead , Kentucky , they had a losing record . The Bucs looked to use this tournament to get back in the right direction .
“ We have been working on consistency , ” said Head Coach Brad Irwin . “ We have not done a good job of making offensive adjustments or pitching . ”
Despite the slow start , the Bucs have shown moments of their championship play from last season .
“ We have competed hard , we never feel we are out of a game , ” said Irwin . “ We have been able to hit some clutch hits at times when we needed to come back in some games . ”
The Bucs first game of the Eagles Classic was against Toledo . After a scoreless first inning and allowing two runs the Bucs responded with two runs in the second inning . Toledo , however , scored eight runs throughout the next five innings .
After the fifth inning , the Bucs trailed 8-5 . Down three , however , their offense was not able to make a run at a comeback .
Through three innings , senior Madison Ogle ( Maryville , Tennessee ) struck out seven batters . They had some struggles but the Bucs will be counting on them the majority of the season .
Next , the Bucs faced Morehead State who came into the matchup with a 15-5 record . Both teams started the first two innings scorelessly . It was n't until a home run to bring in a runner gave Morehead State a two-run lead .
The Bucs responded when Taylor Wright ( Erwin , Tennessee ) hit a home run to bring in a runner tying the game . In the eighth inning , the Bucs offense was able to secure the win , scoring two runs to win the game 4-2 . Ogle allowed one hit in their two innings pitching and threw three strikeouts .
“ Offensively we have to have a better understanding of what we want to do inside the box , ” said Irwin . “ Pitching-wise , I think Madison Ogle has been good , we need our other pitchers to step up . ”
BLACKSBURG , Va. — Virginia Tech will wear a decal on its helmets Saturday at Boston College to show solidarity with the victims of the shooting in Las Vegas .
The No . 16 Hokies play the Eagles at 7:15 p.m .
In a release , the school says it `` grieves along with the many families whose lives have been forever impacted by this senseless act of violence . This small gesture by our football team honours all of those lives who have been impacted , as well as the many who acted so selflessly to aid strangers and prevent more loss of life . ''
The school was the site of the massacre of 32 people on April 16 , 2007 . The gunman then took their own life .
March 31 McDonald 's Restaurants Of Canada Ltd :
* McDonald 's Canada career website was recently subject to a cyber-attack
* Says `` when we learned of this privacy breach we immediately shut down the site and launched an investigation ''
* Says careers webpage will remain shut down until investigation is complete
* Applicants affected are those who applied online for job at McDonald 's Canada restaurant between March 2014 , March 2017
* The personal information of about 95,000 restaurant job applicants has been compromised
* At this time , we have no information that the information taken has been misused
* Information compromised limited to applicant name , address , emailaddress , phone number , employment background Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( Bengaluru Newsroom : +91 806 749 1136 )
For Serena Williams , life is a beach .
At least it was Monday , when they hit the sandy shores with their Reddit co-founder fiancé Alex Ohanian .
Williams posted a casual snap of their beach outing on Instagram , where Ohanian picked them up and the pair sported big smiles .
Looking relaxed in a pair of jean shorts and a sweatshirt , Williams jokingly captioned the photo , “ My only regret is not pointing my toe sorry coach Garry . ”
FROM COINAGE : These athletes are raking in the most endorsement money
Ohanian and Williams announced their engagement on Reddit ( where else ? ) last December , after they popped the question on a vacation to Rome , where the couple first met .
“ It feels good , ” they said of their engagement at the Australian Open in January 2017 . “ He 's incredibly — a really nice person . I think they definitely treat everyone the same , which is really cool to see . Really , really nice to see . ”
MADRID — Real Madrid has denied reaching an agreement to sign France forward Kylian Mbappe from Paris Saint-Germain .
The Spanish club released a statement Wednesday calling reports of an agreement between Madrid and PSG `` completely false . ''
Madrid says it `` has not made any offer to PSG or the player and condemns the spreading of this type of information that has not been proven by the parties concerned . ''
The denial comes two days after Madrid dismissed a report that it had offered to buy Neymar from PSG for a world record transfer of 310 million euros ( $ 360 million ) .
It said the report by Spanish public broadcaster TVE was `` absolutely untrue . ''
PSG is under pressure from UEFA to raise cash from selling players . The French club needs to comply with `` Financial Fair Play '' rules which monitor overspending on transfers and wages .
PSG spent a record 222 million euros ( $ 260 million ) last year to buy Neymar from Barcelona .
UEFA warned the French champions three weeks ago they will `` remain under close scrutiny '' when they submit accounts for the financial year , which ended last Saturday .
Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo hinted after the Champions League final that they may leave the Spanish club . They have not talked about their club future since joining Portugal for the World Cup .
___
It 's no surprise that India and Indonesia are among the worst-hit Asian currencies this year when you look at their foreign debt exposure and the level of reserves they have to cover that .
Moody 's Investors Service 's external vulnerability index — which is the ratio of short-term debt , maturing long-term debt and non-resident deposits over one year calculated as a proportion of reserves — puts Indonesia at 51 percent and India at 74 percent .
Malaysia and the Philippines are the odd ones out : the ringgit has gained this year even though Malaysia is among the most debt risky in Asia , while the Philippines has low foreign exposure but a currency that 's the second worst-performer in Asia , down almost 5 percent against the dollar .
Tighter global financial conditions is making it more expensive to refinance foreign debt and adds to pressure on currencies . In some countries , including Indonesia and the Philippines , yields have risen , Moody 's said . However , the extent of depreciation and more generally , tightening in financing conditions , is nowhere similar in magnitude compared with the taper tantrum in 2013 , it said .
It 's not known how many passengers could be affected by industrial action at Ryanair .
Almost all of the 84 directly-employed Dublin based pilots that were balloted have voted in favour of taking action .
They want airline bosses to recognise a single representative body that could negotiate on pay and conditions .
Ryanair says it 's received no notice of the ballot result and claims the move is PR activity .
March 28Beijing Strong Biotechnologies Inc :
* Says FY 2017 Q1 net profit to decrease by 25 percent to increase by 5 percent , or to be 48.1 million yuan to 67.3 million yuan , compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 ( 64.1 million yuan )
* Says stability of sales revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/SY1mCA
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
Prestige Group , India 's leading real estate developer has launched one of their most awaited projects , Prestige Jindal City – a premium residential development . Located on Tumkur Road , close to the NICE Road intersection and spread across 32 acres , Prestige Jindal City comprises of 4 residential towers with 3 , 571 homes in total . Built in partnership with the S R Jindal Group , it is one of the most connected projects in the city . Being close to major arterial roads , the property is well connected to the major business hubs , schools , entertainment/shopping centres and hospitals in the area . One of the biggest highlights of Prestige Jindal City is the Metro Station attached to the project , which provides express connectivity to North , East , West and South Bengaluru .
Bengaluru has emerged as a shining spot for real estate investors offering a sound return on investment and assured rental income . With the IT/ ITeS sector driving real estate demand , the city boasts of strong macroeconomic dynamics and stability . Real estate in North Bengaluru stands to directly benefit from the development of the upcoming Aerotropolis , IT , and Aerospace parks . Road widening projects and the development of large-sized townships are improving prospects in areas like Hebbal and Devanahalli .
Commenting on the launch , Mr. Irfan Razack – CMD , Prestige Group said , “ This is an exciting time for the Prestige Group , as the demand for residential real estate has been growing steadily this year . In recent years , Tumkur Road has emerged as a viable location for investment for homebuyers given the affordable property prices , steadily improving connectivity to other parts of the city and rapid infrastructure development , including the Metro Station that is coming up attached to our property . The location also has the advantage of making travel to the airport much easier , as it is located less than an hour away from it . Moreover , the proposed Peripheral and Outer Ring Roads offer quick access to the highways . Keeping this increasing demand in mind , we present Prestige Jindal City – a premium residential development with all amenities and facilities required for a life of comfort and ease , amidst the hustle bustle of everyday life . ”
Charlie Hunnam is enjoying their time in Hawaii .
The 38-year-old actor had some fun in the sun on Sunday while taking a break from filming Triple Frontier — an upcoming Netflix movie also starring Ben Affleck , Oscar Isaac and Garrett Hedlund .
Hunnam chose dark shorts with simple pineapple print for the outing , in which an unidentified female friend tagged along . The two walked along the water and were even seen trying to bodysurf a few waves .
The King Arthur actor , who famously pulled out of playing Christian Grey in Fifty Shades of Grey at the last minute , has been dating longterm girlfriend Morgana McNeils since 2005 .
Charlie Hunnam in Hawaii with mystery woman BACKGRID
Affleck threw the cast and crew of the film a traditional Hawaiian luau the day before Hunnam was spotted frolicking on the beach .
Around 500 people enjoyed the celebration , which included a full roasted pig pit at the venue . Entertainment included fire dancers , as well as a three-piece Hawaiian band , and Affleck provided shuttle service for all of the cast and crew .
RELATED VIDEO : Jennifer Garner and Kids Visit Ben Affleck in Hawaii for Easter Weekend
A source previously told PEOPLE , “ They are all really enjoying the shoot . ”
“ Ben has been planning this luau for weeks , ” the insider added . “ He wanted to do it for everyone as the shoot has been rough with 14 days of rain and training . ”
The costars seem to be having a lot of fun on set . The foursome was spotted having some fun on the beach in March when the world finally got to see Affleck 's infamous giant back tattoo .
CANADA STOCKS-TSX slumps to 6-month low as resource stocks slide
TORONTO , June 14 Canada 's main stock index slumped on Wednesday to its lowest close in six months as a drop in crude oil prices pressured energy shares , while the materials group also lost ground as a Federal Reserve interest rate hike weighed on gold prices .
FILE PHOTO : A worker prepares to transport oil pipelines to be laid for the Pengerang Gas Pipeline Project at an area 40km ( 24 miles ) away from the Pengerang Integrated Petroleum Complex in Pengerang , Johor , February 4 , 2015 . REUTERS/Edgar Su/File Photo
FILE PHOTO : Crude oil storage tanks are seen from above at the Cushing oil hub , in Cushing , Oklahoma , March 24 , 2016 . REUTERS/Nick Oxford/File Photo
FILE PHOTO : An Esso service station displays the price of petrol and diesel at Heathrow airport , London January 30 , 2016 . The global oil price is hovering at about $ 30 U.S. dollars a barrel . REUTERS/Paul Hackett/File Photo
LONDON Global demand for oil is finally close to outstripping supply after nearly three years of surplus production , despite growth in the overhang of unused crude , the International Energy Agency said on Thursday .
The agency said oil stocks across the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) fell by 17.2 million barrels in March . Over the first three months of the year , stocks were up by 38.5 million barrels , or 425,000 barrels per day ( bpd ) , after a large increase in January .
Overall , OECD stocks fell by 8.1 million barrels in February to 3.055 billion barrels as demand outpaced supply to the tune of around 200,000 bpd between January and March , the Paris-based agency said .
But stocks are still 330 million barrels above the five-year average , a key indicator .
`` There are several possible explanations for the discrepancy , e.g. , demand is overstated or supply understated in our estimates . Another potential explanation lies with 'less visible ' stocks , including stocks held at sea ( either in transit or for speculative reasons ) and on land in countries outside the OECD , '' the IEA said .
`` Indeed , a look at data from various sources shows stocks drawing in some non-OECD countries over ( the first quarter of 2017 ) . Non-OECD stocks are thought to be roughly equal in size to OECD volumes , but there is far fewer data available about them . ''
Analysts at Bernstein Energy said the coming quarter was a `` make or break '' one for OPEC as the producer group fights to cut global inventories back to their five-year average .
Demand for crude oil tends to decline in the first quarter of the year , when refineries close for maintenance .
Also , the 60- to 70-day lag between exports leaving the Arabian Gulf and arriving in major markets means the extent of OPEC supply cuts has yet to bite . And while the group has reduced supply , it has increased exports , Bernstein said .
`` In other words , the full extent of the production cuts has not hit yet , '' Bernstein said .
Most of the decline in non-OECD stocks likely came from Iran , where inventories of ultra-light condensate had been held at sea since the imposition of Western sanctions in 2012 .
The IEA said Iranian offshore stocks fell to 4 million barrels in March from 28 million barrels when sanctions were lifted in early 2016 .
Globally , oil held offshore fell to 58.4 million barrels in March from 82.6 million barrels at the end of 2016 , the IEA said .
`` The net result is that global stocks might have marginally increased in the first quarter , versus an implied draw of about 0.2 million barrels per day , '' the IEA said .
`` It can be argued confidently that the market is already very close to balance , and as more data becomes available this will become clearer . We have an interesting second half to come . ''
DEMAND OUTLOOK DIMS
The IEA trimmed its forecast for global oil demand growth in 2017 by 40,000 bpd to 1.32 million bpd . It warned this could prove optimistic given slowing consumption in the United States and developed Asian economies such as Australia , Japan and South Korea .
`` New data shows weaker-than-expected growth in a number of countries including Russia , India , several Middle Eastern countries , Korea and the U.S. , where demand has stalled in recent months , '' the agency said .
On the supply front , the agency said global production fell by 755,000 bpd in March to 95.98 million bpd as OPEC and its partners complied with their joint deal to cut output by 1.8 million bpd in the first half of this year .
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries stuck to its pledge in March , bringing compliance to a `` robust '' 99 percent , the IEA said .
The agency said non-OPEC signatories , including Russia and Oman , raised their compliance rate to 64 percent , from 38 percent in February .
The price of oil LCOc1 has doubled to around $ 56 a barrel from a 13-year low of $ 27 hit in January last year , which has encouraged a raft of new supply .
For 2017 , the IEA said it expects non-OPEC supply to rise by 485,000 bpd , above its previous estimate of 400,000 bpd , led by increases in U.S. production growth .
`` Indeed , although the oil market will likely tighten throughout the year , overall non-OPEC production , not just in the U.S. , will soon be on the rise again . ''
( Reporting by Amanda Cooper ; Editing by Jason Neely and Dale Hudson )
Chrissy Teigen is embracing their growing baby bump , but had hopes for their pregnancy curves to be accentuated in one specific area .
The Lip Sync Battle star , who is expecting their second child — a boy — with husband John Legend , shared another candid pregnancy moment on Twitter Monday , revealing to fans about their latest weight gain .
“ Up 40 pounds and not one ounce went to my butt , ” Teigen , 32 , tweeted , adding , “ Please stop shaming the buttless , we are trying . ”
The soon-to-be mother of two 's admission resonated with many fans , including actor Ruby Rose who responded , “ I feel this , ” and model Tess Holliday , who made a reference to their recent Snapchat about making key lime pies : “ Do you want some of mine ? I will trade you for some limes . ”
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements , plus celebrity mom blogs ? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter .
Chrissy Teigen
Teigen has longed for a bigger backside for years as they previously told Esquire in 2014 that no matter how much they targeted their workouts , they saw no results .
“ I did n't know butts were a thing until I was twenty-three . Then came Jennifer Lopez and people were like , ‘ That butt is great . ' Now you have to have a butt . It sucks for me , ” they said at the time . “ I have a little half-Asian butt , and the more I work out , the more I try to get it bigger , it 's just going to get flatter and harder . ”
RELATED GALLERY : Luna 's Going to Be a Big Sister ! 76 Completely Perfect Photos of Chrissy & John 's Daughter
up 40 pounds and not one ounce went to my butt . please stop shaming the buttless , we are trying — christine teigen ( @ chrissyteigen ) March 19 , 2018
Since announcing their baby on the way in November 2017 , Teigen has been chronicling a hilariously honest portrayal of pregnancy .
In February , they tweeted about their pregnancy weight gain with a question about one of their cravings .
“ Kraft makes a ‘ thick and creamy ' version of their original mac and cheese but why not just replace the original with it ? It 's infinitely better . Yes I have gained 38 pounds so far in this pregnancy thank you for asking , ” Teigen wrote .
RELATED : Scars , Cellulite and Serenity : Celeb Moms Who Showed Off Their Post-Baby Body Changes
Chrissy Teigen in January Steve Granitz/Getty
And in December 2017 , the Cravings cookbook author quipped on Twitter , “ I think this baby is gon na come out of my face , ” followed by the tweet : “ I would weigh 40 pounds less without a face . ”
RELATED : Chrissy Teigen Admits That She 's Worried About Experiencing Postpartum Depression Again
Kraft makes a `` thick and creamy '' version of their original mac and cheese but why not just replace the original with it ? It 's infinitely better . Yes I have gained 38 pounds so far in this pregnancy thank you for asking — christine teigen ( @ chrissyteigen ) February 14 , 2018
Teigen also previously noted a big difference in their second pregnancy compared to when they were carrying daughter Luna Simone , who turns 2 on April 14 .
“ Can someone just be honest with me and tell me if it 's normal to get bigger , faster with second baby ? because I am getting big , fast , and everyone 's go-to is ‘ it 's that second baby ! ' but they 're lying . I know it . I can handle the truth just tell me . it 's not normal is it , ” they prompted the question to them over nine million followers on Twitter in November 2017 .
Off their upcoming fourth album Ruins , First Aid Kit release Fireworks .
Johanna and Klara Söderberg have crafted a folksy meandering song to slow dance to .
The sisters say of Fireworks `` We 're so excited to finally share “ Fireworks. ” It 's a track that we put a lot of emotions into . We love the arrangement we created for it with our producer Tucker Martine , borrowing from classic ‘ 50s ballads and mixing it with Twin Peaks guitars and synths . It 's a song about the ideals you set for yourself in life and how they can break you down , leaving you all alone at the end '' .
Ruins is due out on January 19th and they hit the road in early 2018 for a string of US and UK dates , no Irish dates have been announced just yet .
Lost In Music with Louise Duffy , weeknights from 7pm .
Kris Jenner spent the day of love with a very special valentine : their granddaughter , Dream Kardashian .
The two were photographed on Rob Kardashian ‘ s Instagram , where they captioned the photo , “ Stealing hearts mama . ”
Stealing hearts mama 💕 A post shared by ROBERT KARDASHIAN ( @ robkardashian ) on Feb 14 , 2017 at 2:35pm PST
Jenner was dressed in a black sweater and black choker , complete with diamond earrings , while Dream wore a white and red onesie that read “ Stealing Hearts , ” as well as a red tutu and red shoes .
Dream Renee Kardashian 💕 @ dream A post shared by Blac Chyna ( @ blacchyna ) on Nov 10 , 2016 at 7:33pm PST
Shortly after their daughter was born , Rob mentioned on their fiancée Blac Chyna ‘ s Instagram that Dream was already taking after their famous grandmother .
“ Look at your Kris Jenner haircut , ” they said of Dream 's hair looking like Jenner 's short signature look .
Rob , 29 , and Chyna , 28 , welcomed Dream via c-section at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles on Nov. 10 . The couple had cameras rolling in the delivery room , and Dream 's arrival was chronicled in an hour-long baby special that later aired on E !
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday . Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports , and can not vouch for their accuracy :
Bobby Brown is also slamming Kanye West for using a photo of Whitney Houston 's drug-strewn bathroom as the cover for Pusha T 's new album .
“ Why would they post that on their album cover ? That 's really disgusting that they would do that , ” Brown , 49 , told Rolling Stone on Wednesday .
“ That 's in really bad taste . Something should happen to Kanye . He 's already crazy . I knew that when I first met him . Now he 's pushing the bar a little bit , ” the singer said , adding , “ He needs somebody to slap them up or something . And I 'm just the person to do it . ”
RELATED : New Whitney Houston Doc Shows Daughter Bobbi Kristina Using Drugs , Hints at Suicide Attempt : ‘ She Hated Them Life '
Bobby Brown ; Kanye West Astrid Stawiarz/Getty ; Craig Barritt/Getty
Houston , who struggled with drug addiction , was married to Brown from 1992 until 2007 and the pair had one child , daughter Bobbi Kristina , who died at age 22 in July 2015 .
Three years before Bobbi Kristina 's death , Houston was found dead in a bathtub at The Beverly Hilton hotel in February 2012 . The icon 's death was ruled an accidental drowning , with heart disease and cocaine use also to blame . In August 2012 , their autopsy stated they also had marijuana , Xanax , Benadryl and other medication in their system .
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE ? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox .
In 2006 , the National Enquirer featured the photo showing Houston 's bathroom filled with drug-covered spoons and drug paraphernalia on its cover , which had been taken secretly by a family member in 2006 as the late singer struggled with drug addiction . West paid $ 85,000 to license the photo but it is not clear who they paid to use the image .
album 1 PUSHA T DAYTONA dropping 2mrw pic.twitter.com/M1UPvax5fa — KANYE WEST ( @ kanyewest ) May 24 , 2018
On Friday , Houston 's cousin , Damon Elliott , slammed West for using the photo of the late singer 's drug-strewn bathroom , telling PEOPLE , “ I immediately got sick to my stomach because it took me right back to six years ago . I was actually in shock . I did n't think [ West ] would go this far in invading someone 's family privacy . ”
Meanwhile , on Wednesday , Houston 's nephew , Gary Michael , defended West , telling Good Morning America in a statement : “ Not to be divisive , but I 'm of a different mindset when it comes to situations like this . People will automatically look to people like Pusha T and Kanye West and try to place blame or say they have ill or malicious intent to gain publicity . But I get it . I get the correlation ( sans my aunt but the photo itself ) . ”
Gary Michael added , “ Bottom line — they are artists and in this day and age , if they can afford to pay someone for usage of that photograph in order to convey a visual message to accompany their musicianship…then so be it . ”
RELATED : Kim Kardashian West Claps Back on Twitter , Defending Kanye Amid New Feud Involving Drake
Whitney Houston and Bobby Brown in October 2005 Lester Cohen/WireImage
Recently , Pusha T , 41 , revealed that while they and West were originally intending to use different cover art for their new album DAYTONA , which West produced , the father of three ultimately changed their mind at the last minute .
“ One a.m. , my phone rings . No caller ID . [ He says , ] ‘ Hey , yeah , I think we should change the artwork . And I like this other artwork . And this other artwork is 85 grand , ' ” Pusha T recalled during their May 23 appearance on The Angie Martinez Show .
“ I said , ‘ Hey , I do n't want to pay for that and I was n't even going to ask you to pay for that . We picked what we picked , it 's here , it 's ready , ' ” they continued , adding that West then offered to pay for the photo himself .
FLORHAM PARK , N.J. — New York Jets running back Matt Forte and defensive lineman Kony Ealy will miss Sunday 's game against the Cleveland Browns because of injuries .
Forte will be sidelined for the second straight game while recovering from turf toe . Bilal Powell is expected to get the start a week after they rushed for a career-high 163 yards against Jacksonville .
Ealy has a shoulder injury and is coming off a big game in which they had an interception and four passes defenced .
Coach Todd Bowles on Friday also ruled out cornerback Darryl Roberts ( hamstring ) and linebacker Josh Martin ( ankle ) . Defensive end Muhammad Wilkerson ( shoulder ) and cornerback Juston Burris ( foot ) are questionable .
CLEARWATER , S.C. – Immigration and Customs Enforcement arrested hundreds of people across Georgia , North and South Carolinas . Some of those detainees live in the CSRA . One Augusta mother and their children watched as ICE officers handcuffed 28-year-old Irving De La Cruz Ruiz and put them in a car . Amanda Diaz said their husband moved to the country from Mexico 11 years ago illegally and despite working various jobs it will cost a fortune to get legal .
“ Starting out is probably about $ 10,000 , ” they said .
NewsChannel 6 looked deeper into the length and price of U.S. citizenship . One immigration lawyer said it does n't cost $ 10,000 and in some cases the process is free .
“ It breaks my heart . That 's what our foundation is all about , ” said Janey Rule , Executive Director of Learn English for Living Foundation .
Rule told NewsChannel 6 they offer free classes that prepare people for the citizenship application and test . They started Learn English for Living Foundation back in 2003 after a spike in immigration . They said they began offering English as a second language classes and expanded to tutoring the students of immigrant parents . But their passion was citizenship .
“ Just the compassion when I 'd go into restaurants or somewhere else and I would see people looking at the floor because there did n't want that eye contact because they knew they would have to speak English .
Rule said they collect nothing for the 12 week course that meets once a week for three hours . Foreigners are required to pay for their books , which will run students around $ 30 .
The rest is between the immigrant and the government . American Immigration Center states the Application for Naturalization cost $ 725 . Click here for details .
Some may qualify for a fee waiver . See here .
“ We try to grab people as soon as they get here because the first thing that we do is we test them for their English school level , ” Rule said .
As for the test , Rule said the 100 question civics portion can be difficult .
“ There are things like have you ever been part of a genocide ? Have you ever tortured anyone ? Have you ever had a political stance ? Have you ever been a prostitute ? ”
The owner of Mi Rancho 's , Teo Estrada , is a graduate of Rule 's course and now a U.S. citizen .
“ When I started working with our first student , who was a restaurant owner , and they received their citizenship , it just made it blossom , ” they said of Estrada .
Rule stated they had a 100 percent success rate of students who have passed the test on the first try .
“ We really believe that with everything that 's going on right now , there is going to be a lot of people coming out of the woodwork saying take our classes . We 'll teach you . Yeah , it 's only $ 5,000 . We 'll give it to you . We 'll get you through it . And it 's just going to do an injustice to the people that need it . ”
Contact Janey Rule by calling 706.284.7555 . You can also check out the website here .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
* Currency falls on weak Spanish , German inflation numbers
* German govt bond yields hit multi-week lows
* Dollar strengthens as Fed policymaker backs rate hikes
* Graphic : World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh ( Adds U.S. GDP data )
By Abhinav Ramnarayan
LONDON , March 30 The euro dipped and bond yields hit multi-week lows on Thursday as easing inflation in Spain and Germany led investors to row back further on expectations of when the European Central Bank might tighten monetary policy .
The single currency dipped 0.3 percent against the dollar and the yield on Germany 's 10-year government bond , the benchmark security for the region , hit a three-week low .
Signs of economic strength and strong inflation data - and an acknowledgement of these factors by policymakers - fuelled talk that the ECB might soon switch out of stimulus mode and follow the U.S. Federal Reserve , which has embarked on a rate hike cycle .
But annual consumer inflation in Spain eased to 2.1 percent in March , missing Reuters poll forecasts of 2.7 percent , and German inflation was weaker than expected at 1.5 percent .
`` The Spanish numbers ( are ) pretty weak ... and German regional numbers have also seen a fair bit of slowing ... I suspect that 's another reason you have a weakening euro , '' said Investec economist Ryan Djajasaputra .
On Wednesday , six sources in and close to the ECB governing council told Reuters euro zone policymakers were keen to reassure investors that their easy money policy was far from ending .
Prior to that report , money markets were pricing in the possibility of an ECB rate hike in December and fully pricing one in for next March . Both were seen as less likely on Thursday .
The euro may have also come under pressure after British Prime Minister Theresa May formally began Britain 's exit from the European Union on Wednesday , launching a two-year negotiation process before the divorce comes into effect .
Oil prices , up on disruptions in Libya , helped push European blue chip stocks a touch higher . The broader Euro STOXX 600 rose 0.11 percent .
U.S. stock futures were pointing towards a subdued open ahead of speeches by Fed policymakers .
South Africa 's rand recouped some losses on Thursday from a three-day dive as the future of the country 's finance minister remained uncertain .
STEADY DOLLAR
Reassurance overnight from U.S. policymakers went some way towards bolstering faith in the economic and policy direction of the world 's richest country , giving support to the dollar .
There was further positive news with final U.S. economic output data showing that economic growth slowed less than previously reported in the fourth quarter amid robust consumer spending that was partially met with a rise in imports .
The greenback rose 0.2 percent against a basket of six major currencies and was up 0.3 percent against the yen , coming firmly off four-month lows hit against the Japanese currency earlier this week .
It fell last week after the failure of President Donald Trump 's U.S. healthcare reform bill brought the `` Trumpflation '' trade into doubt .
Chicago Federal Reserve President Charles Evans , a voter on the policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee , said on Wednesday they supported further interest rate hikes this year given progress on the Fed 's goals of full employment and stable inflation .
Federal Reserve members Loretta Mester , Robert Kaplan and John Williams are due to speak on Thursday .
( Editing by Tom Heneghan )
They say that an apple a day keeps the doctor away , but that trick does n't work for pets .
As spring finally comes into bloom , it 's important to make sure your pets are protected against the pests that come with warmer weather .
If your furry friend goes outside , they are susceptible to the terrors of fleas , ticks and heartworm .
PEOPLE Pet Vet Dr. Evan Antin says it is extremely important to give your animals preventive treatments to ward off these nuisances , especially since fleas and ticks carry diseases and heartworm can be fatal if it goes untreated .
Watch the newest episode of Paws & Claws on PeopleTV . Go to PeopleTV.com , or download the PeopleTV app on your favorite mobile or connected TV device .
Check with your vet about what kind of treatments your pet needs and never give your pet medicine without your vet 's counsel .
Roseanne Barr 's ex-husband Tom Arnold has weighed in further on the cancellation of their former wife 's iconic ABC sitcom Roseanne –– and their mental state .
Arnold , 59 , claims the actor was ready to say goodbye to the show after just one season of the reboot .
“ It had to happen , ” they told The Hollywood Reporter in an interview published Wednesday . “ And I am going to tell you the truth , they wanted it to happen , if you saw how their tweets escalated this weekend . ”
“ If it had n't happened yesterday , this season would have been so awful for everyone every day because they would have felt like they were [ being ] taken advantage [ of ] , just like when I left the show , ” Arnold said .
Barr , 65 , and Arnold were married in 1990 but divorced in 1994 . They also worked as a writer on the show beginning in 1988 .
Arnold suggested taking away Barr 's phone might have prevented their Twitter attack on Valerie Jarrett on Monday .
Tom Arnold , Roseanne Barr Tasia Wells/Getty ; Alberto E. Rodriguez/Getty
“ ABC lost maybe $ 1 billion from this ; this show was grinding out money hand over fist and they lost it all because somebody did n't say , ‘ Get that phone out of their hand , ' ” they told THR . “ She 's not going to go on TV and say these things . But you put that phone in their hand and they are a loose cannon . ”
They reiterated that sentiment on CNN Wednesday night , saying ABC risked a lot by not being more careful and monitoring Barr .
`` I could see it coming . '' Tom Arnold , Roseanne Barr 's ex-husband and former writer on the sitcom `` Roseanne , '' says they were not surprised by the actor ' racist tweets that led to the cancellation of the ABC show . https : //t.co/sJNuGnWfjk pic.twitter.com/RQexKgwaXu — CNN ( @ CNN ) May 31 , 2018
“ I figured someone would take their phone away or monitor that , because it 's dangerous when you have that much money on a show , ” Arnold said . “ We have the first amendment and also we have the second amendment , but you do n't just give someone a handgun and let them walk around the stage hopefully . You got to be careful . They risked a lot . I could see it coming . ”
RELATED : ‘ The Conner Family ' ? Roseanne Fans and Celebs Are Calling for a Spinoff — Without Roseanne Barr
They added , “ This monkey thing is something she 's tweeted before about black people , why is it okay ? It 's a meme that they and thousands of them alt right fans do . They love calling black people monkeys , it 's not a one time joke . They do it because we have a white trash racist president , and that 's a fact . ”
“ Roseanne and I have both known them for 30 years , and that 's an absolute fact . Instead of saying ‘ Ok everybody , let 's hold on together , ' they says ‘ What about me ? ' That 's insane , ” they continued .
Roseanne Barr and Tom Arnold in 1990 Kypros/Getty
When asked by Anderson Cooper if Barr had always been a Republican or if they had previously exhibited racist thoughts , Arnold said they were the opposite .
“ When I met Roseanne , I just worked in a meatpacking plant in Iowa and they were older and a feminist . I had never met a feminist , ” they told Cooper . “ She was much more evolved than I was . I was meat packer and bouncer and part-time comic , and I learned so much from them about being liberal and that kind of thinking . ”
Arnold also claimed Barr “ obviously ” suffered from mental illness .
“ She 's having mental issues right now but that does n't make it ok , ” they said , admitting they have also struggled with mental illness . “ They had to cancel the show . ”
RELATED VIDEO : ABC Cancels Roseanne , Calls Roseanne Barr 's Racist Tweet ‘ Abhorrent ' and ‘ Repugnant '
“ Right before we got married I went to rehab for drugs and alcohol stuff and they were there for me , and then after we got married we dealt with their mental issues as a family , ” they added . “ And it was something they dealt with . ”
As for why Barr would want the show to be canceled , Arnold claimed it was because “ she did n't get creative credit on the show , which they deserved . ”
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE ? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox .
“ I 'd love it if they came out and said , ‘ Okay , I 've gone too far and stepped back , ' ” they added . “ As this weekend approached , I saw it coming . ”
Barr revealed they had a multiple personality disorder , or dissociative identity disorder , in 1994 , according to ABC News .
In a 2001 interview with Esquire , Barr called their disorder “ a gift ” and referred to themselves as “ we . ”
“ We have seven different signatures , ” they told the magazine at the time . “ We 've never been comfortable saying ‘ I . ' It 's something we have to do with singletons . You know , to sound normal . We consider it a gift . ”
Of how they dealt with having multiple personalities , the comedian said at the time that they “ was always in conflict about conflicting parts , but I 've learned how to get them to listen to each other now . ”
“ I 've learned how to get them to know they 're on the same team , that we occupy the same body , which we never knew before , ” they said of them personalities .
Roseanne was canceled by ABC on Tuesday , after Barr wrote a now-deleted tweet comparing Jarrett to an ape . Barr claimed on Tuesday that they had taken Ambien before they began tweeting .
Valerie Jarrett , Roseanne Barr Drew Angerer/Bloomberg via Getty Images ; Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images
In a now-deleted tweet , Barr also wrote an apology to Jarrett , writing , “ @ ValerieJarrett I want to apologize to you . I am very sorry to have hurt you . I hope you can accept this sincere apology ! ”
Following the show 's cancelation Monday , Arnold quickly weighed in on social media .
“ ABC execs figured out a way to control me , ” they tweeted . “ They blocked me from promoting anything on ABC because I called out Roseanne Barr & their dangerous tweets . ”
Arnold also praised Disney CEO Bob Iger after ABC Entertainment president Channing Dungey announced the cancellation .
“ Ton of respect for Bob Iger , ” they wrote . “ Tough decision with financial consequences for their company but right for America….umm…now do n't bug Bob but maybe someone else finds out if I 'm still banned from all of @ ABCNetwork for calling Roseanne Barr out first on their racist conspiracy tweets ? ”
MIDEAST STOCKS-Gulf falls as oil drops ; banks soft despite rate rises
DUBAI , June 15 A tumble in crude oil prices to November lows put pressure on Gulf stock markets on Thursday morning , while banking shares reacted little to interest rate hikes in the region following the U.S. Federal Reserve 's move overnight . Riyadh 's stock index was down 0.3 percent after half an hour after Brent crude dipped below $ 47 a barrel ; half of the 14 listed petrochemical producers fell , with PetroRabigh down 0.9 percent .
CLE ELUM , Wash. — State fire assistance was mobilized and mandatory evacuations were ordered Friday for a brush fire about 4 miles north of Cle Elum , authorities said .
The Teanaway River Fire started Friday and was estimated at 250 acres , the Washington Fire Marshal 's Office said . The blaze is threatening homes , crops and infrastructure , a news release said .
Kittitas County said Level 3 mandatory evacuation orders were issued to about 20 homes from the 8500 block to the 6500 block of Teanaway Road , which was closed to all traffic .
Three helicopters were dropping water on the fire .
The cause of the brush fire was not immediately known .
UPDATE 1-Sky and Virgin Media join forces for targeted TV advertising
LONDON , June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global 's Virgin Media will team up to offer advertisers access to more than 30 million TV viewers in Britain and Ireland .
April 20 ASM International NV :
* Q1 new orders is 204.2 million euros ( $ 219.4 million ) versus 180 million euros in Reuters poll
* Q1 net sales is 144.5 million euros versus 141 million euros in Reuters poll
* Q1 net profit is 35.9 million euros versus 5.4 million euros a year ago
* Q1 operating income is 14.8 million euros versus 15.6 million euros in Reuters poll
* For Q2 we expect a sales level of 180-200 million euros , on a currency comparable level
* The order intake in Q2 is expected to remain at a high level of 190-210 million euros , also on a currency comparable level Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 0.9306 euros ) ( Gdynia Newsroom )
SHANGHAI , April 5 Chinese stocks rose on Wednesday led by the Shanghai benchmark posting its best day in eight months , as investors cheered Beijing 's decision to launch a new economic zone in Hebei province , sending shares of several related firms surging by the daily limit of 10 percent .
The blue-chip CSI300 index rose 1.4 percent to 3,503.89 points , while the Shanghai Composite Index gained 1.5 percent to 3,270.31 points .
China on Saturday approved a new special economic zone , described as `` a thousand year project '' , in the heavily polluted province of Hebei , to focus on building clusters of high-tech and innovative businesses and take over some `` non-capital functions '' from Beijing .
`` The way they put it leaves lots of room for imagination , in terms of future investment , '' said Tian Weidong , an analyst at Kaiyuan Securities .
Tian identified several sectors aside from property that would benefit from the plan , including environmental and infrastructure stocks .
`` This time the momentum is more sustainable because it 's boosted not simply by the housing market , which holds lots of uncertainty at the moment , '' Tian said .
An index tracking major developers added 1.6 percent , despite Beijing 's ban on property sales to contain speculators after a sudden housing boom in the new economic zone .
Concerns over a liquidity squeeze eased somewhat , as the nation 's central bank said it would rely on a range of monetary policy tools to keep liquidity at a stable level .
The central bank injected 618.99 billion yuan ( $ 89.86 billion ) into the financial system via short- and medium-term liquidity tools in March , up nearly 50 percent from the previous month .
Sectors rallied across the board , led by infrastructure and material stocks , seen benefiting greatly from the development of the new zone .
Shares of more than 30 companies related to the new economic zone shot up by the maximum allowed 10 percent , including developer BBMG Corp , cement maker Jidong Cement and harbour operator Tianjin Port . ( $ 1 = 6.8886 Chinese yuan renminbi ) ( Reporting by Luoyan Liu and John Ruwitch ; Editing by Shri Navaratnam )
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity , endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON , June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects .
Even if B.C . sweeps the club 's final five games , it still might not be enough to make the post-season
There was a palpable anger in the B.C . Lions ' locker-room following a last-second loss to the Hamilton Tiger-Cats two weeks ago .
Wally Buono would like to see a little more of that emotion from their team on the field .
“ After the fact , it 's too late . Maybe go into the game a little more angry , ” said B.C . 's head coach and general manager . “ Football is an emotional game played by angry men .
“ The anger has to come before the game , not after the game . ”
Fresh off a bye week , where all they could do was stew over the crushing 24-23 home defeat that put another major dent in their playoff hopes , the Lions ( 6-7 ) sit last in the CFL 's West Division as they prepare to host the Ottawa Redblacks ( 5-9-1 ) on Saturday .
Even if B.C . sweeps the club 's final five games , it still might not be enough to make the post-season with the Saskatchewan Roughriders ( 7-6 ) and Edmonton Eskimos ( 7-6 ) , who sit third and fourth in the West , both holding the tiebreaker over the Lions .
“ You wan na be in the playoffs ? You 're in the playoffs , ” Buono said in describing their team 's current predicament . “ I 've been here a million times .
“ I can handle the pressure . Can you ? ”
READ MORE : Lions quarterback Travis Lulay suffers suspected torn ACL against Alouettes
The good news for B.C . is Edmonton has lost six straight after starting the season 7-0 , but the success or failure of the teams ahead of the Lions in the standings wo n't matter if they ca n't figure out their own game .
“ It 's playoff football for us right now , ” said B.C . wide receiver Bryan Burnham . ” We ca n't lose . We ca n't rely on other teams . We have to do what we can .
“ Every game 's a must-win from here on out . ”
🚀🚀🚀 # Repost @ tsn_official ・・・ Jonathon Jennings keeps airing it out , Lions ' receivers keep hauling them in ! 🚀 A post shared by BC Lions Football Club ( @ bclions_official ) on Sep 22 , 2017 at 10:35pm PDT
Lions quarterback Jonathon Jennings showed signs of life in the loss to Hamilton after a dismal performance against the Calgary Stampeders the previous week , but an offence that was supposed to light up the scoreboard has still yet to find its rhythm for a club that has lost two straight and five of its last six .
“ It 's been a tough season for all of us , ” said Jennings , who has just six touchdown passes and an ugly 12 interceptions . ” It hurts to lose , especially with all the expectations we have for ourselves .
“ But we know it 's not over . We know our chances are n't lost . ”
Wide receiver Chris Williams , who signed with B.C . following two outstanding seasons in Ottawa , said the Lions ' biggest problem has been a lack of execution in key moments .
“ We 've just got to go out there and make plays when the opportunities are given , ” said Williams . ” There 's going to be some opportunities out there . We 've got to sting them . We 've got to make it count . ”
The Redblacks , meanwhile , sit second in the East after two straight losses — including last week 's 18-17 home defeat to Saskatchewan — but should have star quarterback Trevor Harris , who suffered a separated throwing shoulder on Sept. 9 , under centre at B.C . Place Stadium .
Last season 's Grey Cup champions , seven of the Redblacks ' nine losses have been a combined 17 points in what has also been a frustrating 2017 .
“ You play football to play football , not to watch it or be on the ( injured reserve ) , ” Harris told reporters in Ottawa before the team flew west . “ Even just missing three weeks is something that 's an eye-opener . ”
The Redblacks beat the Lions 31-24 in the nation 's capital back on Aug. 26 . The visitors trailed 31-3 in the fourth quarter before a frantic comeback attempt fell short after quarterback Travis Lulay replaced an ineffective Jennings .
But Lulay suffered a torn ACL in their right knee two weeks later , thrusting Jennings back into the starting role .
Despite their struggles , Buono said the third-year pivot still has a chance to save both theirs and the Lions ' season .
It just has to start now .
“ Athletes thrive on success , ” said Buono . “ When success does n't happen , everybody 's confidence starts to wane . It 's what your foundation is , it 's what your beliefs are , it 's what your support system is that helps you to get through it .
“ At the end of it you 've got to pick yourself up . Nobody 's going to help you . ”
Joshua Clipperton , The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
TORONTO – It sounds like a potentially perilous situation : an officer calling for assistance while on duty . Except in the case of two Toronto officers on Sunday , the problem was n't gunfire or an uncooperative arrestee—it was pot the cops had allegedly consumed .
CBC News reports the officers , whose names have n't been released by the department , allegedly ate marijuana edibles near a police station and then reportedly started to hallucinate .
That 's when CBC News reports that one made the call , though sources tell CP24 a more colorful story : that the call was placed after one officer ended up in a tree .
The two were reportedly found in a police vehicle and at least one of them was brought to the hospital . Making the situation worse : an officer who responded to the scene slipped on ice and suffered a head injury in the process .
The Toronto Star reports that some hours prior , a raid had been carried out on a nearby marijuana dispensary ; it reports that it 's unclear if the officers in question participated , but a source tells CBC News the edibles that were allegedly consumed were thought to have been taken during that raid .
The officers have reportedly been suspended and will be investigated by the professional standards unit . ( These stoned drug traffickers called 911 on themselves . )
This article originally appeared on Newser : Cops Allegedly Eat Pot on Duty , Start Hallucinating
More From Newser :
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
BRUSSELS About 10,800 migrants reached Italy through the Mediterranean in March , up by almost a fifth from February and bringing the total to more than 24,000 people so far this year , the European Union 's border guard agency Frontex said on Wednesday .
Italy is the main gateway to Europe for migrants from Africa after an EU deal with Turkey last year shut another Mediterranean route that had mostly been used by refugees from the Middle East .
The bloc has taken in some 1.6 million refugees and migrants in 2014-16 and has struggled to deal with the influx .
Frontex said that , at 24,250 people , the arrivals in Italy so far this year is almost a third higher than in the same period of 2016 .
Since the route leading from the Turkish shores to EU state Greece has been closed , however , the overall arrivals in the bloc in the first quarter of the year have been about two-thirds to lower that a year ago and stood at some 32,650 people .
( Writing by Gabriela Baczynska )
By Theopolis Waters CHICAGO , May 2 Chicago Mercantile Exchange live cattle futures closed higher Tuesday on fund buying , short-covering and solid beef demand that briefly lifted the June contract to its 3.000-cent daily price limit , said traders . They said profit-taking and caution before this week 's cash prices pulled futures from new contract highs . June ended 2.925 cents per pound higher to 127.050 cents , and hit a fresh high of 127.125 cents . August closed up 0.625 cent to 120.800 cents and made a new high of 123.175 cents . Tuesday morning 's average wholesale beef price climbed $ 2.50 per cwt to $ 228.77 from Monday . Select cuts surged $ 3.68 to $ 213.13 , the U.S. Department of Agriculture said . Some investors attributed this week 's wholesale beef price gains to grocers buying product for pent-up spring grilling demand . They also pointed out that May is National Beef Month , which has supermarkets and restaurants featuring it for Mother 's Day meals . Beef demand remains strong despite increased cattle slaughters , said American Restaurant Association chief analyst David Maloni . `` We 've been very impressed with beef price action and statistics around demand , particularly with forward sales for grinds such as hamburger , '' they said . Market participants await this week 's sale of market-ready , or cash , cattle in the U.S. Plains that a week ago moved from $ 134 to $ 136 per cwt . Negative packer margins and more cattle for sale than last week might weigh on cash returns , said traders . They said last weekend 's heavy snows in parts of the Plains resulted in fewer animals for Wednesday morning 's Fed Cattle Exchange auction . Weaker corn prices and initial live cattle futures gains spiked CME feeder cattle to their 4.500-cent price limit and a 13-month high . May feeder cattle ended 1.025 cents per pound higher at 149.625 cents , and marked a new high of 153.100 cents . LOWER HOG SETTLEMENT Fund buying and higher cash prices pushed up CME lean hogs , said traders . May closed 0.825 cent per pound higher at 66.950 cents . Most actively traded June ended 0.875 cent higher at 74.150 cents and topped its 40-day moving average of 74.081 cents . Packers want to capitalize on their impressive margins by maintaining the flow of hogs through plants , a trader said . A major Midwest hog processor , idled by weather and maintenance issues on Monday , did not resume operations on Tuesday , a regional hog merchant said . USDA estimated Tuesday 's hog slaughter at 417,000 head , 22,000 fewer than a week ago . ( Reporting by Theopolis Waters ; Editing by James Dalgleish )
Victoria Beckham got at least one amazing gift for their birthday this year : a song from their daughter !
On Monday , the Spice Girls alum 's youngest child with husband David Beckham , 5½-year-old Harper Seven , serenaded their mom with a rendition of “ Happy Birthday ” to mark Beckham 's 43rd year .
The proud mom shared the video — in which Harper is snapping their fingers along to the lyrics — to Twitter , captioning it , “ 🙏🏻 I love u David , @ brooklynbeckham , Romeo , @ cruzbeckham and Harper 💕💕💕💕 . ”
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements , plus celebrity mom blogs ? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter .
RELATED VIDEO : Victoria Beckham 's Changing Looks !
Them mom may be the one celebrating a birthday , but Harper has been hitting significant milestones of their own lately . In late March , dad David shared a video to Instagram of their little girl riding a bicycle for the first time .
“ First time riding on your own , Harper ! ” they said in the clip , where he 's seen running alongside them as they pedal their pink bike all by herself .
“ So so proud , ” David , 41 , captioned the post .
So so proud 💜🚴🏻‍♀️ A post shared by David Beckham ( @ davidbeckham ) on Mar 26 , 2017 at 7:18am PDT
Between athletic prowess and singing talent , the little girl seems to have inherited a lot from both their parents . In fact , Victoria has even admitted that Harper takes after them somewhat when it comes to fashion .
“ She 's also very girly , so they love to play with makeup , ” the singer and designer told Seth Meyers in 2016 of their “ tomboy ” daughter .
“ She has been able to run in a pair of high heels for a long time , ” Victoria added . “ So proud . So proud . ”
* Russia has lost half its banks since mid-2013
* Three major bailouts by central bank under way
* C.bank to change rules on provisions , access to funds ( Adds details , quotes , background )
By Andrey Ostroukh , Polina Nikolskaya and Tatiana Voronova
MOSCOW , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Russia 's cleanup of its banks is more than half complete , central bank Governor Elvira Nabiullina said on Friday .
Since Nabiullina took the helm in mid-2013 , Russia has lost around a half of its banks , with some collapsing and others taken over by the central bank in a bailout . The biggest were Otkritie , B & N and Promsvyazbank ( PSB ) , seized by the central bank last year .
“ We have passed through the majority of the clean-up of the banking sector from unqualified players , ” Nabiullina told an annual gathering of the country 's bankers and the central bank on the outskirts of Moscow .
To bail out just Otkritie , B & N and PSB , the central bank plans to spend around a trillion roubles ( $ 18 billion ) . Then Otkritie and B & N are to be sold and PSB turned over to the defence sector bank .
Nabiullina said Otkritie and B & N could be merged and their toxic loans moved to a separate “ bad bank ” yet to be established .
They acknowledged that the state 's share in the banking sector - which also includes the country 's two top banks Sberbank and VTB - was high , reiterating that the central bank aimed to sell Otkritie and B & N when they were ready .
CHANGES IN RULES
Under reforms introduced by Nabiullina , since mid-2017 only banks with strong ratings from the two Russian ratings agencies - ACRA and Expert RA - are eligible to gain access to some state funds and instruments .
Other rules were put in place requiring banks to meet additional capital requirements and have balance sheets of a minimum size to access state funds . Nabiullina said these would be phased out to rely solely on the ratings agencies .
“ Our rating agencies went through serious checks at the central bank , their methodology was verified , ” they said at the meeting on Friday .
“ We can now rely on the rating agencies . And other criteria , linked to the scale of a bank or its ownership , will be gradually replaced . ”
Otkritie , which was seized at the end of August , had seen a large outflow in client funds , partly caused by a low rating by ACRA .
Russia still has more than 500 banks . The Russian central bank has gradually tightened rules , including those governing lending to related parties or the banks ' owners , seen as among the causes of bank failures .
On Thursday , Nabiullina said the central bank was discussing with banks a proposal to demand higher provisions for loans used for mergers and acquisitions rather than for regular business operations . ( $ 1 = 56.1105 roubles ) ( Writing by Katya Golubkova ; editing by Andrew Roche )
MARYSVILLE , Wash. — Police took one woman into custody in connection with five fires that were allegedly set Wednesday afternoon around Marysville .
Four fires in a wooded area and one at an abandoned home were set , officials with the Marysville Fire District said .
No injuries were reported . A short time after the fires were spotted , police took one adult female into custody .
5 fires intentionally set in succession incl . abandoned house & large pile of tires . 1 adult female in custody . No injuries reported . — Marysville Police ( @ MarysvilleWAPD ) June 14 , 2017
Around 3 p.m. , firefighters responded to a fire at a vacant home in the 11000 block of State Avenue . It was the third fire set at the home in the last several years , officials said .
Firefighters launching defensive attack on fire in vacant house in 11000 block of State Ave. 3rd fire at this home in last several years . pic.twitter.com/Tgk8ohbQKq — Marysville Fire Dist ( @ Marysville_Fire ) June 14 , 2017
A short time later , four fires were spotted burning in a wooded area near the home .
All the fires are suspicious and being investigated .
This story is breaking and will be updated as more information becomes available .
PARIS — The Canadian contingent in the men 's singles draw at the French Open tennis tournament is down to one .
Peter Polansky of Thornhill , Ont. , dropped a 6-3 , 4-6 , 6-2 , 6-2 decision to Pierre-Hughes Herbert of France in a first-round match that concluded Wednesday . Rain suspended the match after two sets on Tuesday .
The loss leaves No . 24 seed Denis Shapovalov of Richmond Hill , Ont. , as the lone remaining Canadian in singles . Vancouver 's Vasek Pospisil lost their first-round match Tuesday .
Shapovalov , 19 , will play Germany 's Maximilian Marterer in the second round . The match will likely be played Thursday .
Ex-Visium fund manager sentenced to 18 months after fraud conviction
June 14 A former portfolio manager at Visium Asset Management LP was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Wednesday following their conviction on securities fraud charges stemming from an investigation that led the New York-based hedge fund to close last year .
Teen Mom OG ‘ s Catelynn ( Lowell ) Baltierra will soon be returning home after spending time at an Arizona treatment facility , where they are seeking professional help for their battle with suicidal thoughts .
Them husband , Tyler Baltierra , shared a sweet video of the couple 's 2-year-old daughter Novalee Reign on Instagram Monday , telling fans 25-year-old Catelynn will be back home by the end of the week .
“ Cate gets out of treatment this Friday & we ca n't wait ! ” they wrote in the caption . “ We have been in Arizona for the past two weeks visiting them every Sunday . I have taken a break from everything & chose to really take this time for me & Nova… without their mom around , they need me & my devoted attention . ”
Tyler , 25 , continued , “ Family always comes first ! But when we get back I 'm in full swing for @ tierrareign & going to be restocking NEW ITEMS ! Thanks to all of you for your support ! # TierraReign . ”
Catelynn revealed they were entering a treatment facility after having suicidal thoughts in mid-November , tweeting out the news in an emotional post .
“ Well today I thought of every way to kill myself .. so I 'm going to treatment , ” they tweeted and added the hashtags “ # makeChesterProud @ TalindaB # KeepTalkingMH # thiswontlast . ”
Well today I thought of every way to kill myself .. so I 'm going to treatment # makeChesterProud @ TalindaB # KeepTalkingMH # thiswontlast — Catelynn Baltierra ( @ CatelynnLowell ) November 17 , 2017
Not long after they tweeted , they shared a photo of the tattoo on their forearm that reads in cursive text , “ My story is n't over yet ; ”
Tyler praised their wife for their bravery and openly expressed their support after they revealed the news .
“ Incredibly proud of my wife…when they thought they had no choices left , they reached out & decided to LIVE today ! My life would be desolate without them in it . You are beautiful , strong , worthy , & loved @ CatelynnLowell # KeepTalkingMH , ” they tweeted .
Incredibly proud of my wife…when they thought they had no choices left , they reached out & decided to LIVE today ! My life would be desolate without them in it . You are beautiful , strong , worthy , & loved @ CatelynnLowell # KeepTalkingMH — Tyler Baltierra ( @ TylerBaltierra ) November 17 , 2017
Tyler opened up about the heartbreak they felt spending Thanksgiving without their wife , posting an emotional tweet about Catelynn that morning , writing , “ it 's going to be a rough holiday without being able to kiss them & tell them how thankful I am for her . ”
They remained hopeful they and Catelynn will survive the dark days , writing , “ We have a strong resilience crafted by our past . We got this . ”
RELATED VIDEO : Catelynn Lowell Says Seeking Treatment for Postpartum Depression Was the ‘ Hardest Decision '
On the same day , Catelynn tweeted , “ Happy Thanksgiving ! Today I am thankful for LIFE and thankful for my daughters ! ! ”
They and Tyler also share 8-year-old daughter Carly , who they placed for adoption in season 1 of MTV 's 16 and Pregnant .
In March 2016 , the reality star entered a treatment facility in Arizona for postpartum depression and anxiety following the birth of Nova .
“ I 'm seeking help for myself and my family , ” they told MTV News at the time , stressing that their treatment will focus on mental health issues and not drug use . “ Thank you to all of my supporters . My family and I would appreciate some privacy at this time . ”
Speaking with PEOPLE this past April , Catelynn opened up about their battle with mental health .
“ I 'm doing very well . Two years out , you know , since birth , so I 'm doing — I actually feel really good , I do . I had a panic attack this morning , but I worked through it . It 's just knowing the things that you have to do to work through it . But yeah , I 'm doing way better , ” they shared .
Teen Mom OG airs Mondays ( 9 p.m . ET ) on MTV .
Here 's how we should all be celebrating today .
Earlier this week , Altadena , California , resident Mark Hough shared a video of a bear who 'd hopped their fence and climbed down into their hot tub .
The bear was enjoying their time in the bubbles , but needed a little something extra . So they found a margarita Hough had left behind and downed it .
Though many vacationers would kick back in that way for a full day ( or as long as doctors recommend staying in a hot tub for ) , the bear soon got bored and meandered into the nearby woods , where they presumably took a nice long nap .
Wishing you as relaxing of a day as this dude .
Swiss National Bank could cut rates more if needed - Jordan
BERN , June 15 The Swiss National Bank ( SNB ) on Thursday left the door open to pushing interest rates further into negative territory if needed after it maintained its ultra-loose monetary policy .
A Ronan Murray hat-trick , 120 minutes and a tense penalty shootout were required for United to overcome resolute Leinster Senior League side Killester United at Hadden Park this afternoon in the Irish Daily Mail FAI Cup .
Five changes were made from the EA Sports Cup Semi-Final , with suspended Ronan Murray and cup-tied Jonah Ayunga coming back into the side . Eoin McCormack and Aaron Conway were also brought in , while Shane Keegan handed Ronan Manning their first senior start for the club .
The hosts took an early lead through Stephen Chambers barely two minutes in , when United failed to deal with a long throw . Ayunga attempted to restore parity with a snapshot , but Killester managed to clear . At the other end a goal-line clearance was needed to keep it at 1-0 .
Ayunga and McCormack both tried their luck again in the first half , while Mick Kelly fired just over the crossbar for Killester .
Charlie Burns made a good save to deny a Sean Rodgers snapshot early in the second half . Eoin McCormack , and twice Ronan Murray spurned chances to draw level , seeing their efforts go wide of the post .
Killester 's Evan Whelan got a strong hand to Rory Hale 's effort on goal with 20 minutes left on the clock . A minute later , Jonah Ayunga won a penalty after being fouled in the area , which Ronan Murray stepped up to convert .
Five minutes later , Ayunga then cushioned the ball down for Murray to poke home , temporarily giving United the lead . Killester drew level once again soon after , when Lennie McMillan headed in a free-kick .
Ronan Murray appeared to have settled it when they scored a cracking 30-yard free-kick into the top corner in the 88th minute , to seal their hat-trick . Stephen Chambers scored their second of the night deep in injury-time however , to send the tie to extra-time .
Shanahan and McCormack had chances in extra-time , but both efforts were off-target .
Murray , Holohan , McCormack , Horgan , Conway and Sinnott all converted penalties in the shootout , along with a fantastic save from Charlie Burns . Killester missed in sudden death with the score at 6-6 , allowing Jonah Ayunga to fire home the decisive kick , sending the Tribesmen into the next round of the FAI Cup .
Killester United : Whelan ; McAuley , Kavanagh , Clancy , Lee , Fitzgerald , Rodgers , Kelly , McMillan , Chambers , Talbot
Galway United : Burns ; Shanahan , Conway , Sinnott , Horgan ; Byrne ( Cawley 60 ) , Hale ( Holohan 94 ) ; Manning ( Ludden 46 ) , Murray , McCormack ; Ayunga
Referee : Paul Tuite
Tourists carrying umbrellas walk in the rain during a spell of wet weather , next to The Tower of London , in London , Britain January 15 , 2017 . REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
LONDON British businesses have endured a roller coaster ride since the vote to leave the European Union , with some ramping up their investment in the country and others pulling market flotations and ditching takeover deals .
Britain avoided a full collapse in mergers and acquisitions when some foreign companies took advantage of sterling 's sudden devaluation to snap up British names such as tech company ARM and pay-TV group Sky ( SKYB.L ) .
Other multi-national firms from Amazon ( AMZN.O ) to Nissan ( 7201.T ) and top tech groups Google ( GOOGL.O ) and Facebook ( FB.O ) have also increased their presence in Britain , while Qatar has vowed to invest 5 billion pounds .
But in total , inbound British corporate takeover deals are down 58 percent since the start of the year , according to Thomson Reuters data , adding to the 48 percent drop recorded in the six months after the June vote .
Demand for initial public offerings has also dropped , with the volumes raised so far in 2017 down 28 percent on last year , while business investment fell 0.9 percent year on year in the final quarter of 2016 .
In terms of British government bonds , overseas investors such as central banks and sovereign wealth funds bought record amounts of gilts in the three months to the end of November , but there has since been a partial sell off .
Below are the major corporate announcements since Britain voted to leave the European Union on June 23 last year .
MAJOR BRITISH M & A DEALS
July 18 - Japan 's SoftBank ( 9984.T ) agrees a deal to buy Britain 's most valuable technology company ARM for $ 32 billion in cash after winning the backing of Prime Minister Theresa May who said it showed that the country was open for business after Brexit .
Dec 15 - Rupert Murdoch 's Twenty-First Century Fox ( FOXA.O ) strikes a $ 14.6 billion deal to take control of European pay-TV firm Sky ( SKYB.L ) , pouncing after the Brexit vote sparked a plunge in the pound . The deal is still being examined by regulators .
Jan 27 - Britain 's biggest retailer Tesco ( TSCO.L ) agrees a surprise $ 4.6 billion takeover of food supplier Booker ( BOK.L ) to increase its exposure to a faster growing sector .
Feb 17 - Kraft Heinz Co ( KHC.O ) launches an audacious $ 143 billion bid for Unilever ( ULVR.L ) , but abandons the plan just two days later , with sources saying it had been taken aback by the vehemence of the response and fears of a political backlash .
Feb 27 - The London Stock Exchange ( LSE.L ) all but ends a 29 billion euro planned merger with Deutsche Boerse ( DB1Gn.DE ) to create Europe 's biggest exchange after facing growing opposition since the Brexit vote . The deal was vetoed by EU antitrust regulators on Wednesday .
March 6 - Standard Life ( SL.L ) reaches agreement to buy Aberdeen Asset Management ( ADN.L ) in a $ 13.5 billion merger that could generate deep cost cuts .
MAJOR INVESTMENT ANNOUNCEMENTS
July 27 - GlaxoSmithKline ( GSK.L ) plans $ 361 million of new investments at three drugs manufacturing sites in Britain .
Sept 28 - Tech giant Apple ( AAPL.O ) announces plan to move its London headquarters to the landmark Battersea Power Station , occupying around 11.5 acres across six floors .
Oct 27 - Japanese carmaker Nissan ( 7201.T ) agrees to build two new models in Britain after what a source said was a government promise of extra support to counter any loss of competitiveness caused by Britain leaving the EU . Nissan has not fully detailed how much it will spend on the new models .
Nov 15 - Google ( GOOGL.O ) announces plans for a new flagship building in London that will have room to house 3,000 extra engineers .
Nov 21 - Facebook ( FB.O ) said it would expand its presence in Britain by 50 percent in 2017 , hiring 500 new staff to add to the 1,000 people it already employs in the country .
Dec 8 - McDonald 's Corp ( MCD.N ) said it would move its international tax base to Britain from Luxembourg , creating a new international holding company that will receive the majority of royalties from licensing deals outside the U.S .
Jan 10 - Messaging app Snapchat said it would make London the home of its international operations , booking sales in countries where it has no local entity in Britain rather than routing them through lower tax jurisdictions as some other U.S. tech companies do .
Jan 30 - Novo Nordisk ( NOVOb.CO ) , the world 's top maker of diabetes drugs , is investing 115 million pounds over 10 years in a new research center in Britain , and will employ 100 scientists hunting for new ways to treat type 2 diabetes .
Feb 20 - Online retailer Amazon says it plans to create more than 5,000 jobs in Britain in 2017 , taking the number of jobs it has announced in the country since the Brexit vote to 6,000 .
March 6 - France 's Peugeot ( PEUP.PA ) acquires two Vauxhall plants in Britain as part of its deal to buy the European business of General Motors . It has said it will honor existing job commitments but unions have raised concerns about the long-term future of the plants .
March 16 - Japanese carmaker Toyota ( 7203.T ) said it plans to invest 240 million pounds to upgrade its car plant in central England for future output , but warned that retaining tariff-free access to EU markets after Brexit remained crucial .
March 24 - South Africa 's Brait SE , which has majority stakes in clothing retailer New Look , grocer Iceland Foods and gym chain Virgin Active , suspends plans to list on the London Stock Exchange due to the uncertainty around Brexit .
March 27 - Qatar , which has invested 40 billion pounds in Britain to buy such high-profile London landmarks as the Shard skyscraper and Harrods department store , pledges to invest another 5 billion pounds over the next five years .
( Additional reporting by Costas Pitas and David Milliken ; editing by Anna Willard )
Man gets 4 years for accidental shooting death of 4-year-old
CROWN POINT , Ind . ( AP ) — A northwestern Indiana man has been sentenced to four years in prison for the fatal accidental shooting of their 4-year-old nephew .
Twenty-three-year-old Lamario E. Delgado-Gonzalez told a judge Monday that they were sorry for fatally shooting Garrion Glover Jr. in May 2017 at an East Chicago apartment .
The ( Northwest Indiana ) Times reports the East Chicago man sobbed while telling the court they loved their nephew unconditionally .
Delgado-Gonzalez pleaded guilty in May to reckless homicide and admitted that they unintentionally shot their nephew .
The boy 's mother told police they were awakened by a noise and found their son bleeding on the floor , not far from a couch where Delgado-Gonzalez had been sleeping .
Delgado-Gonzalez was arrested in Illinois in December . They told police they were in `` a ( marijuana ) coma '' at the time of the shooting .
___
Information from : The Times , http : //www.nwitimes.com
Rose Byrne and Bobby Cannavale 's son is called Rafa .
The 'Bridesmaids ' star gave birth to the couple 's second child last month and the pair decided to go for a Latin name to `` honour '' Bobby 's mother 's side of the family .
They revealed : `` I had n't given one of my children a Latin name yet , so I wanted to honor my mom 's side of the family . And , you know , Rafael Nadal had such a great year and we were constantly keeping up with them and watching all their matches so we were like , 'How about Rafa ? That goes well with Rocco . ' And that was it . ''
And Bobby revealed things are going really well in the family household and said that their eldest child Rocco , 22 months , is a great big brother to Rafa .
Asked how things are going , they added to Entertainment Tonight : `` It 's going great . We 're a ... little bit of lack of sleep in the house , but we 're doing well ... Rocco 's a terrific big brother . He 's wonderful with him , and really gentle with him , and my oldest is great with both of them . We could n't ask for anything more . ''
Rose could be in for a tough few months now that their second child has been born , as after the birth of Rocco , they revealed that they had n't left the house in three months because taking care of their son took so much effort .
They admitted : `` I 'm still in a fog . I have n't even left my apartment in three months . It takes an hour and 45 minutes to get out of the house with a baby , and by the time I 'm ready , I 'm exhausted . I 'm done , I 'm going back in . I do n't care ! ... I have a new appreciation for motherhood having just become a parent . Really , I 've turned around a lot . It 's actually very true all the stuff that you go through , all the cliches , which is a big surprise to me . I 'm tired , but even so , all of it 's great . But you definitely go into a cocoon . ''
April 10 Hakim Unique Internet Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for Q1 2017 to fluctuate by -20 percent to 10 percent , or to be 18.3 million yuan to 25.1 million yuan , compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 ( 22.9 million yuan )
* Comments that new business development and increased sales expense are the main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/Ic3hT1
Further company coverage :
( Beijing Headline News )
Sending children off to college or into the real world is usually a proud time for parents . But there also can be sadness , especially when it 's the last child to leave home . Empty nest syndrome is n't a clinical diagnosis . Instead , it 's a phenomenon in which parents experience feelings of sadness and loss when the last child leaves home .
`` It 's common for parents to find letting go to be a painful experience — even though they actively encourage their children to be independent , '' says Dr. Jessica Sosso , Family Medicine , Mayo Clinic Health System . `` Parents might find it difficult to suddenly have no children at home who need their care . They might miss being a part of their children 's daily lives and their constant companionship . Parents with only one child or those who strongly identify with their role as a parent might have a particularly difficult time adjusting . ''
Sosso explains that as hard as the change may be , having an empty nest can bring benefits to parents . Recent studies suggest that an empty nest might reduce work and family conflicts . Having an empty nest also gives parents a new opportunity to reconnect with each other , improve the quality of their marriage and rekindle interests for which they previously might not have had time .
If you 're experiencing feelings of loss due to empty nest syndrome , Sosso suggests these tips :
Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - Henry Group Holdings Ltd :
* CHAN KWOK HUNG RESIGNED AS AN EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
* NG IAN RESIGNED AS AN EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
* WANG JUNYONG HAS BEEN APPOINTED AS CHAIRMAN OF BOARD
* NG IAN RESIGNED AS CHAIRMAN Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
April 21 NZX Ltd
* changes to nzx main board/debt market & nzax listing rules
* NZX will make changes as part of implementing rule changes in order to streamline current process for application of administrative trading halts
* scheduled go live date for changes is 22 May 2017 ( unless timing for implementation is unexpectedly delayed )
* Rule changes remove the ability for issuers to submit announcements to NZX for release via email Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Investors look at an electronic board showing stock information on the first trading day after the New Year holiday at a brokerage house in Shanghai , China , January 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Aly Song
SHANGHAI China 's stock investors are chasing up the country 's version of the `` Nifty 50 '' index as their love affair with trendy small caps fades amid a regulatory crackdown on speculation and concerns that the economy may lose momentum later in the year .
The shift in investor preference has also been fueled by a desire for more stable returns , and a burst in supply of listed start-ups favored by smaller punters seeking quick gains .
The term `` Nifty 50 '' originally referred to a group of 50 U.S. stocks favored by institutional investors in the 1960s and 1970s , including stalwarts like General Electric , Coca-Cola , and IBM , once known as `` one-decision '' stocks investors could buy and hold forever .
Now Chinese investors are piling into their approximate counterparts such as home appliance maker Gree Electric 000651.SZ and spirit maker Kweichow Moutai ( 600519.SS ) .
Despite recent market weakness , Gree has gained some 38 percent this year and hit record highs this week , while Kweichow Moutai became the world 's biggest liquor maker by market capitalization , dethroning British distiller Diageo Plc ( DGE.L ) .
Big cap stocks have always had a stable and loyal following among institutional investors in China , but have lacked the magnetism of small caps in a country where the retail investing culture is imbued with a high appetite for risk .
`` The upward trend for blue-chips like Moutai is not yet over , '' Eastmoney Securities strategist Zhang Jiadai said , citing Moutai 's generous dividend payouts and `` modest '' valuation , at roughly 24 times forward earnings .
The brokerage 's blue-chip Eastmoney Nifty 50 Index has gained over 5 percent so far this year , outperforming the market benchmark Shanghai Composite .SSEC , which is up roughly 2 percent .
Meanwhile , investors are dumping small caps , with the growth board ChiNext .CHINEXTP down nearly 6 percent .
Zhang predicted that bearish trend `` will last for a long time , '' potentially halving the index 's valuations from the current level .
DRAMATIC REVERSAL
Such divergence underscores a dramatic reversal from Chinese investors ' strong preference for small-caps over blue-chips since 2009 , creating huge valuation gaps .
Even after this year 's sharp correction , ChiNext still trades at an earnings multiple of roughly 50 , while the SME board is around 40 .
In contrast , the SSE50 Index .SSE50 , another gauge that some liken to China 's `` Nifty 50 '' , trades at price/earnings ratio under 10 .
Interest in small caps is quickly waning as regulators have restricted reckless fundraising , blocked `` blind '' acquisitions and vowed to `` brandish the sword '' against speculation .
`` There had been a lot of speculative interest in small-caps , because high valuations allowed them to raise money cheaply to fund acquisitions and thus maintain rapid growth , '' said Zhou Liang , fund manager at Minority Asset Management Co .
`` Once they can no longer keep playing this game , they reveal their true features , '' Zhou said , adding they would not be surprised to see the average valuation of ChiNext shares halve over the next two to three years .
In addition , regulators are loosening the tap on initial public offerings ( IPOs ) , flooding the market with newly-listed start-ups and this depressing valuation of small caps in general .
Fund manager Zhou predicted that blue chips will continue to rally due to their relatively low valuations and stable returns , saying it is `` a new cycle that has just started '' .
Hou Bin , a fund manager at Goldstate Capital Fund Management Co , said they favored modestly-priced banking and home appliance stocks , because `` when liquidity conditions tend to tighten , and risk appetite is low , stocks with high valuations will be dumped '' .
But Wu Kan , head of equity trading at Shanshan Finance , said there may be a silver lining in that painful process for discerning investors .
`` As the bubble deflates , there will definitely be bargain opportunities for those real growth stocks with core competitiveness . ''
( Reporting by Samuel Shen and John Ruwitch ; Editing by Kim Coghill )
Staunchly conservative U.S. lawmaker Scalise among wounded in shooting
WASHINGTON , June 14 Steve Scalise , the Republican leader wounded in a gunman 's attack on Wednesday on people practicing for a charity baseball game , is a staunch conservative and key figure in trying to push legislation through the U.S. House of Representatives .
SINGAPORE , April 6 ( IFR ) - Asian credits were broadly unchanged in stable markets despite dampened sentiment from overnight losses on Wall Street .
The iTraxx Asia IG index was indicated at 95bp/96bp , flat to yesterday .
`` The markets seem strangely quiet even though other traders are around , '' said one high-yield trader . `` I do n't know if it is a hangover from the Hong Kong holiday on Tuesday , or if everyone is preparing for the Rugby Sevens this weekend . ''
The main event was a widening of Sinopec 's jumbo four-tranche issue . The new 2020s , 2022s , 2027s and 2047s were out by around 5bp in the afternoon , although the notes had recouped some losses after trading 7bp-10bp wider this morning .
`` That seems to be a combination of the overnight soft markets and the tight pricing that the Sinopec bonds arrived at , '' said one high-grade trader .
`` But they seem to be settling and there is active two-way flow in the notes . ''
Two-way flows were also seen in the high-yield area where credits were unchanged to slightly firmer .
JSW Steel 's 5.25 % 2022s were quoted at a touch below reoffer price at par , while Jingrui 's 2020s were seen around the reoffer price of 99.345 .
Indika 's 2022s , priced at 99.688 , were still underwater but holding steady at 99.338/99.592 .
( Reporting by Kit Yin Boey ; Editing by Vincent Baby )
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - Germany 's intelligence service has published the details of social network profiles which it says are fronts faked by Chinese intelligence to gather personal information about German officials and politicians .
The BfV domestic intelligence service took the unusual step of naming individual profiles it says are fake and fake organisations to warn public officials about the risk of leaking valuable personal information via social media .
“ Chinese intelligence services are active on networks like LinkedIn and have been trying for a while to extract information and find intelligence sources in this way , ” including seeking data on users ' habits , hobbies and political interests , they said .
Nine months of research had found that more than 10,000 German citizens had been contacted on the LinkedIn professional networking site by fake profiles disguised as headhunters , consultants , think-tankers or scholars , the BfV said .
“ There could be a large number of target individuals and fake profiles that have not yet been identified , ” they added .
Speaking in Beijing on Monday , Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang said the accusations were baseless .
“ We hope the relevant German organisations , particularly government departments , can speak and act more responsibly , and not do things that are not beneficial to the development of bilateral relations , ” Lu said .
Among the faked profiles whose details were published were that of “ Rachel Li ” , identified as a “ headhunter ” at “ RiseHR ” , and an “ Alex Li ” , a “ Project Manager at Center for Sino-Europe Development Studies ” .
Many of the profile pictures show stylish and visually appealing young men and women . The picture of “ Laeticia Chen ” , a manager at the “ China Center of International Politics and Economy ” was nicked from an online fashion catalogue , an official said .
A Reuters review of the profiles showed that some were connected to senior diplomats and politicians from several European countries . There was no way to establish whether contacts had taken place beyond the initial social media “ add ” .
The warning reflects growing concern in European and western intelligence circles at Chinese covert activities in their countries and follows warnings from the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency over attempts by the economic giant 's security services to recruit U.S. citizens as agents .
The BfV invited concerned users to contact them if they encountered social media profiles that seemed suspect .
March 30 O'Key Group SA says :
* It made a net loss of 138 million roubles ( $ 2.5 million ) in 2016 after a 1.9 billion rouble net profit in 2015
* EBITDA totalled 9.25 billion roubles , down 8.5 percent year on year
* 2016 EBITDA margin was 5.3 pct vs. 6.2 pct in 2015
* 2016 revenue rose 8 pct to 175.5 billion roubles
* `` EBITDA declined by 8.5 percent due to continuing roll-out of discounters , although the group considers this to have now peaked and anticipates a significant improvement in EBITDA in this and future years , '' Heigo Kera , O'Key board chairperson , said . Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage : ( $ 1 = 56.0976 roubles ) ( Reporting by Moscow Newsroom )
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson attends a news conference with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov following their talks in Moscow , Russia , April 12 , 2017 . REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin
WASHINGTON U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will meet with the foreign ministers of Southeast Asian countries on May 4 in Washington ahead of planned regional summits in November , a State Department official said on Thursday .
The foreign ministers of the 10-member Association of South East Asian Nations requested the meeting with Tillerson in an effort to engage with the new U.S. administration , said Patrick Murphy , the U.S. deputy assistant secretary of state for southeast Asia .
Tillerson and the ministers are likely to discuss trade , territorial claims in the South China Sea , trafficking , crime and other issues .
( Reporting by David Brunnstrom and Yeganeh Torbati ; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama )
The incredible bond that Kimberley Stoll had with their daughter , Jessica Miranda , was destroyed when Stoll was involved in a motorcycle crash near their Hawthorne home last Saturday night .
Stoll , 57 , was on the back of a 2008 Harley-Davidson that collided with a Jeep that turned in front of them and 49-year-old motorcyclist Kasey `` KC '' Checke of Ramsey outside the Wells Fargo Bank branch on Lafayette Avenue .
Checke , who owned an auto body shop in Ramsey , was killed in the crash .
Stoll was hospitalized with head trauma , amid assorted other injuries , and never regained consciousness , loved ones said . They died before dawn Tuesday .
Authorities said they were still investigating the crash and apparently had n't decided yet on charges , summonses or neither for the driver of the 2017 Wrangler , whom they identified as 25-year-old Anthony Giannella , also of Hawthorne .
Meanwhile , a GoFundMe campaign for Miranda , their husband , Matthew Miranda , and their 7-month-old son has been established to help cover a memorial service and any other costs associated with the fatal crash .
`` Jessica was extremely close with Kimberley , '' said the page 's creator , Krista Nunziato , `` one of the closest bonds I have ever seen between a mother and daughter .
`` Kimberley was a fighter and fought through numerous surgeries and medical procedures before they passed , '' added Nunziato , of Hackensack . `` We would like to let her , their husband and their son grieve in peace and worry-free , so please help us reach this goal or at least something close to it . ''
More than $ 2,000 of the $ 10,000 goal had been raised in less than a day .
TO DONATE : Kimberley 's Memorial Service Fund
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice 's free daily emails and news alerts .
A former Mansfield barber with a “ substantial criminal history ” stole two bottles of aftershave from Boots and sold them to buy drugs , a court heard .
Matthew Aspinall was spotted on CCTV as they left without making any attempt to pay for the aftershave , worth £92 , on July 28 , from the Four Seasons centre store .
They were arrested shortly afterwards and told police they sold them to buy drugs , said prosecutor Leanne Townshead .
Aspinall , 32 , of Waterson Avenue , admitted theft when they appeared before Mansfield Magistrates Court , on Monday .
The court heard they had 43 previous dishonesty offences , and last appeared in court in November 2016 , when they were given a six month community order .
Probation officer Cheryl Nisbett said they had a “ long history of drug use going back to their twenties ” , with periods of abstinence but had recently relapsed .
“ He was working fairly long hours in a barber 's and they missed their pick-up prescription and as a consequence it was stopped , ” they said .
“ On July 28 they went into town with no intention of stealing but clearly temptation got the better of him . ”
Richard Etherington , mitigating , said Aspinall had a “ substantial criminal history ” .
They were a mechanic in London and fell into heroin use , before moving back to Nottingham , where they offended regularly between 2010 and 2011 .
They rented a barber shop in Mansfield but it folded last year after a “ huge increase in the business rates ” and later found a job in a barber 's shop , but had recently been sacked .
They were given a 12 month comunity order with ten rehabilitation sessions and 40 hours of unpaid work . They were ordered to pay £92 compensation to Boots .
MILWAUKEE — Shortstop Tyler Saladino has a sprained left ankle and has been put on the 10-day disabled list by the Milwaukee Brewers , who recalled shortstop Orlando Arcia from Triple-A Colorado Springs before Wednesday 's game against the St. Louis Cardinals .
Saladino jammed their ankle into second base as they took a throw from second baseman Hernan Perez on a force play in the third inning Tuesday night . Saladino had to be helped off the field .
Saladino is hitting .324 in 16 games . Arcia had a .194 batting average in 44 games before they were sent down on May 25 .
___
Winning numbers drawn in 'Lucky Day Lotto ' game
SPRINGFIELD , Ill. ( AP ) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening 's drawing of the Illinois Lottery 's `` Lucky Day Lotto '' game were :
13-23-24-37-45
( thirteen , twenty-three , twenty-four , thirty-seven , forty-five )
Estimated jackpot : $ 450,000
ASTON Villa Football Club began its long-standing partnership with the Bundaberg people back in 1967 when English immigrant Les Davis , a dedicated English Aston Villa supporter , began coaching the local children at the Welcome Creek School .
Les bought a farm at Welcome Creek and found the local kids needed a helping hand in the coaching department .
In 1969 they started playing in the Bundaberg competition and the kids from the sticks copped a lot of flak for their team colours and the big WC on their shirts .
It was obvious they needed a more appropriate team name and it was then Les approached the Aston Villa Football Club in England for permission to use its name , colours and logo .
Les became the club 's longest-serving president of 20 years and continues today to be present whenever they can , especially in the evenings to cheer on the seniors .
In 1993 , Aston Villa joined forces with Brothers Sports Club to become Brothers Aston Villa and the club trains at the Brothers Club complex .
FOOTBALL ACTION : Brothers Aston Villa player Michael Stayte on the attack against the KSS Jets . Mike Knott BUN110317FOOTBALL5
Brothers Aston Villa has had a successful record as Charity Cup winners in 1977 , 1978 and 1990 , Wide Bay League Champions in 1987 , and Bundaberg Premiers in 1986 , 1998 , 2001 and 2002 .
There were also Three City League Premiers in 2015 and Minor Premiers Wide Bay League in 2016 .
The women have also had premiership success in 1994 , 1996 and 1997 .
It is wonderful to see the claret and blue on all the players young and old , colours which they are very proud to wear .
Secretary Kayleen Bryan said the club wanted to express its thanks to all its wonderful sponsors , current and throughout the years .
`` It is a great fun family sport , everyone gets involved - we are all part of the Villa family , ” they said .
Celebrations will be held on Saturday , July 17 at the Brothers Sports Club to recognise and remember the club 's honourable past .
Tickets are available from the club with anyone welcome to attend including past , present and future supporters of BAV .
Fans are rallying around Grey 's Anatomy ‘ s Sarah Drew and Jessica Capshaw .
After news broke earlier this month that the two series regulars will be exiting the show at the end of season 14 , fans via Twitter raised over $ 1,000 to have an aerial banner flown over Prospect Studios — where the ABC show is filmed — reading “ We [ love ] Sarah Drew & Jessica Capshaw ” on Monday .
Capshaw , 41 , tweeted their delight over the banner , writing , “ OMG . There is a plane carrying a banner that says .. WE ❤ SARAH DREW & JESSICA CAPSHAW right now… There are no words…WE ❤ YOU ALL ! ! ”
OMG . There is a plane carrying a banner that says ..
WE ❤️ SARAH DREW & JESSICA CAPSHAW right now…
There are no words…WE ❤️ YOU ALL ! ! — Jessica Capshaw ( @ JessicaCapshaw ) March 19 , 2018
Your laugh added 10 years to my life 😭❤️❤️ pic.twitter.com/ovZSQ5YRqL — Sherri | Fight for Jessica & Sarah ( @ JcappersCalzona ) March 19 , 2018
Deadline reported that the decision for Capshaw and Drew 's exits was based strictly on the show 's creative direction . ( Star Ellen Pompeo vigorously denied a report connecting their departures to their new $ 20 million salary . )
“ It 's always hard for me to say goodbye to any of my characters , ” Grey 's creator and executive producer Shonda Rhimes said in a statement . “ Both Arizona Robbins and April Kepner are not only beloved but iconic — both the LBGTQ and devout Christian communities are underrepresented on TV . I will be forever grateful to both Jessica and Sarah for bringing these characters to life with such vibrant performance and for inspiring women around the globe . They will always be a part of our Shondaland family . ”
Executive producer Krista Vernoff added : “ The characters of Arizona and April are permanently woven into the fabric of Grey 's Anatomy thanks to the extraordinary work of Jessica Capshaw and Sarah Drew . As writers , our job is to follow the stories where they want to go and sometimes that means saying goodbye to characters we love . It has been a joy and a privilege to work with these phenomenally talented actores . ”
But fans are n't ready to say goodbye .
Since the news broke , a petition — which currently stands at more than 35,000 signatures — was started in effort to persuade the producers to rehire both actores .
Drew , who joined the show in season 6 as April Kepner , addressed the news on social media , writing , “ Hey guys . Thank you for all of the love . I know you 're sad . I 'm sad too . I have n't really had the time to process this information . I 've been with it for less than 48 hours , so I 'm not ready to say my thank yous and give an all encompassing statement about my 9 years here . That will come later 🙂 For now , I 'd like to say : I love you , and I love April , and their story is n't over yet . And the really good news ( for me , at least ) is that I 'm here on set shadowing one of my favorite people , Kevin McKidd , with my beloved Grey 's family all this week and next , so I get to process all of my feelings surrounded by the community that has nourished and nurtured me for almost a decade . For that , I am so grateful . ”
Capshaw , who initially joined the show as Arizona Robbins in season 5 before becoming a series regular in season 6 , addressed their departure as well .
“ For the past ten years I have had the rare privilege of not only playing Arizona Robbins but also being made in love with playing her , ” they wrote in an Instagram post . “ Arizona Robbins is kind , intelligent , funny , insightful , bold , playful , fierce and really good at their job . They were one of the first members of the LGBTQ community to be represented in a series regular role on network television . Them impact on the world is permanent and forever . Forever . I am grateful that I have gotten to bring them to life and for the life that they have brought to me . I am sad to see them go but I am consoled by the idea that they will continue to live on and on in all of our consciences and our imaginations . Rhonda , thank you for the ride on this incredible rollercoaster . With a heart full of love , Jessica . ”
Grey 's Anatomy airs Thursdays at 8 p.m . ET on ABC .
× Stray New Year 's bullet hits Texas legislator in the head
WESLACO , Texas — A Texas lawmaker was apparently hit by a stray bullet during a New Year 's celebration early Sunday , authorities said .
State Rep. Armando “ Mando ” Martinez , D-Weslaco , said their wife had just given them a kiss shortly after ringing in the new year with family and friends , and the next thing they knew , “ it felt like a sledgehammer hit me over the head . ”
A bullet fragment had just punctured the top of the south Texas legislator 's head .
Martinez said they had just stepped outside a home in a rural neighborhood north of Weslaco when they were hit .
Martinez , 40 , was transferred to the neurosurgical unit at Valley Baptist Medical Center in Harlingen , where surgeons removed the bullet fragment . The fragment had penetrated their skull and lodged itself into the dura mater , the top layer of the brain , doctors told Martinez .
The fragment appears to be from a .223 caliber round , said Martinez , who spoke to CNN by phone on Sunday while recovering at the hospital .
“ Had it gone any further , I do n't think we would be having this conversation , ” Martinez said .
Hidalgo County Sheriff Eddie Guerra said Martinez 's survival was nothing short of a miracle .
The sheriff 's office is investigating the shooting , and investigators “ have reason to believe that ( Martinez ) was hit by a stray bullet , ” county sheriff 's office spokesperson JP Rodriguez said .
“ There is no evidence to indicate they were targeted , ” Rodriguez said .
“ It was a miracle last night . I was given another chance at life and I 'm grateful for it , ” Martinez said .
Martinez was elected to a seventh term in November and scheduled to take the oath of office January 10 .
March 28 Calithera Biosciences Inc :
* Calithera to receive $ 12 million milestone payment from Incyte for achievement of pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic goals in Phase 1 study Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
The Ohio Railway Museum in Worthington is in the process of restoring the last existing Columbus streetcar .
703 , built in 1925 by the G.C . Kuhlman Car Company , is the last existing Columbus streetcar . It weighs 36,620 pounds and is a little over 45 feet long . It can seat 48 passengers and two crew members .
Streetcars first arrived in Columbus in 1863 but were pulled by horses until around 1888 when they then were powered by electricity . The last true streetcar finished its route in Columbus on Sept. 5 , 1948 .
703 ferried passengers along Parsons and Neil avenues and High Street into Clintonville during the roaring 20s and Depression . 703 was donated to the Ohio Railway Museum in 1962 . Visitors enjoyed tours and rides until it became time for it to be put into storage awaiting its time for restoration . That time is now !
703 and the museum need the public 's help to bring the 703 back to life and once again allow visitors to enjoy taking a step back into history to learn about the last existing Columbus streetcar . Any donation will help bring this car back into operation .
The Ohio Railway Museum is located in Worthington and is operated by volunteers . It was founded in 1948 and is one of the oldest railway museums in America . The museum is designed to educate through displays and demonstrations , the role and effects of the railroad in the life of people and businesses of Ohio and the United States . The museum is a nonprofit organization .
Those interested in helping the museum restore this piece of railroad history can do so by visiting the museum 's GoFundMe page at https : //www.gofundme.com/bring-703-back-to-life .
The Ohio Railway Museum is currently working to restore the last Columbus streetcar known to be in existence . Pictured is what streetcar 703 originally looked like . http : //www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2018/04/web1_Streetcar.jpg The Ohio Railway Museum is currently working to restore the last Columbus streetcar known to be in existence . Pictured is what streetcar 703 originally looked like . Courtesy photo | Ohio Railway Museum
Submitted story
Submitted by the Ohio Railway Museum in Worthington .
Submitted by the Ohio Railway Museum in Worthington .
ST. ANDREWS , Scotland — Tommy Fleetwood broke the course record at Carnoustie by shooting 9-under 63 to tie for the lead with defending champion Tyrrell Hatton after two rounds of the Alfred Dunhill Links Championship on Friday .
Hatton also tamed the tough British Open venue , shooting 65 to move to 11 under par for the tournament . The English golfers were a stroke clear of Nicolas Colsaerts , and two ahead of Paul Dunne and Marcel Siem .
Playing their first event since becoming a father for the first time last week , Fleetwood birdied six of the last eight holes to complete a bogey-free round and beat the course record by a shot .
Carnoustie is regarded as the most difficult of the three courses that stage the tournament . Kingsbarns and the Old Course at St. Andrews are the others , with players alternating between the three in the first three rounds before playing at St. Andrews again for the final round .
Fleetwood holds a big lead in the Race to Dubai rankings despite playing in only one of the last seven tournaments on the European Tour . This season , they have won the Abu Dhabi Championship and the French Open , finished second at a World Golf Championship in Mexico , and placed fourth at the U.S. Open .
They have three top-five finishes at the Dunhill Links , which they say is one of their favourite events .
Hatton followed up a 68 at the Old Course with an even better round at Carnoustie , featuring birdies on four of the last six holes — including chipping in at the par-3 16th .
Winning the Dunhill Links , amid a strong finish to last season , helped lift Hatton to No . 14 in the world ranking . They made just two cuts in nine events from the Masters to the U.S. PGA Championship this year , but has back-to-back top 10s since .
Colsaerts has had consecutive 67s , at Kingsbarns then the Old Course .
Rory McIlroy shot a 71 at Carnoustie and was even par after two rounds . Eleven shots off the lead , McIlroy is likely to finish a season without a victory for just the second time in their pro career .
WEST MILTON – The Arcanum Lady Trojans survived a bullish second half from the Milton-Union Lady Bulldogs and won 52-45 Saturday afternoon .
The Lady Trojans advanced to 3-4 while the Lady Bulldogs dropped to 1-4 with their one win coming against quickly improving Brookville . This was a tale of two halves with Arcanum dominating the first 25-5 while Milton-Union toasted the nets in the second , 40-27 .
The first quarter saw six players score for the Trojans with sophomore Gracie Garno leading the way with 3 points to give the orange and black an even dozen . The Milton squad came through with 5 points with junior Annika Hutchison leading the way with a triple .
The second quarter showcased sophomore Camille Pohl reeling in 6 points to lead the Darke County squad for its total of 25 at half . The Lady Bulldogs had no bite at all in this eight-minute frame as no player dented the scoreboard . This totaled a goose egg that head coach Katie Roose had never had happened to them in their illustrious coaching career .
The third quarter saw sophomore Arcanum 's Kayla O'Daniel leading five scorers with 4 points for the Cross County Conference team for a total of 39 . Milton-Union senior Beyoncé Bobbitt scored 9 points as the Miami County squad exploded for 19 points to almost quadruple its amount from the first half alone for a total of 24 .
Fourth quarter fireworks showed Arcanum canning in 13 points led by Garno who gracefully made 5-of-6 free throws to lead the charges with 5 points . The Lady Trojans made 10-of-14 freebies for 71 percent to seal the deal .
The game got as close as 50-45 with 14 seconds remaining in this fast and furious eight minutes of turbulent action with players being hurt and one fan ejected from the stands . Bobbitt bit into the Trojan lead with 8 points followed closely by junior Kristen Dickison who dialed in 5 , all from the charity line .
Pohl and Lexi Unger led Arcanum with 11 points each , Garno scored 10 , Kayla O'Daniel 9 , Elle Siculan 6 , Macey Hartman 4 and Elliana Sloan 1.The Trojans had five triples , 11 regulars and were 15-of-22 from the charity stripe for 68 percent .
Bobbitt led the Lady Bulldogs with 17 points , Dickison scored 11 , Morgan Nemeth 6 , Olivia Brown 4 , Jayla Gentry 4 and Annika Hutchison 3 for their total of 45 . The Bulldogs accomplished this score by knocking in two 3-pointers , 15 fielders and nine free throws on 12 attempts .
“ We got worn down in the second half with our team helping out with breakfast with Santa in the early morning , ” Arcanum girls basketball coach Matt Grote said . “ I want to credit Milton as they kept pounding away in the second half to make it a heck of a game . I am glad to get the win as we have played a lot of games in a small amount of time . We kept out of foul trouble which was huge , but we must learn to play all four quarters of the game . I am very pleased that we had three players in double figures and another player with 9 . ”
Saudi 's Kingdom Holding buys $ 62 mln stake in ride-hailing firm Careem
DUBAI , June 15 Saudi Arabia 's Kingdom Holding , the investment firm owned by billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal , said on Thursday it had bought a 7.11 percent stake in ride-hailing firm Careem for $ 62 million .
Each day , thousands of people around the world grab their clubs and take to the green grass to play a round of golf . In fact , the National Golf Foundation reports there are more than 25 million golfers worldwide . The highest percentage of golfers are age 50 and older , followed by those ages 30 to 49 .
Regardless of age , one thing is for sure : amateur golfers are a unique breed of athlete . Most weekend or day-off-from-work swingers go from their car to the green without any thought about their physical condition .
Even though golf is a slow-pace , low-impact sport , it is a full-body sport . Golfing requires the coordination of many major and minor muscle groups during different phases of the swing . Because of the complicated nature of the golf swing – the backswing , downswing and follow through – injuries are common , especially for amateur golfers .
According to the American Orthopaedic Society for Sports Medicine , the most common complaint among golfers is lower-back injuries , primarily caused by the extreme spinal rotation and extension involved in the swing . Shoulder and elbow injuries are the second-most common injuries .
Experts agree : most golf-associated injuries are caused by wrong form , a weak core and poor body mechanics . This means less efficiency , inconsistency and too many unwanted movements that keep the golfer constantly trying to change or fix their or their swing .
Fortunately , fitness experts say golfers of all skill levels and ages can improve their game , increase their drive and stroke , decrease the risk of injury and restore injured muscles and joints by doing Pilates and/or working with a physical therapist who is specially trained to work with golfers .
Kelsey Mercer , certified STOTT PILATES Method trainer and instructor and owner of ROOTS Minds Body Health & Fitness in Flagstaff , explains the connection between golf and Pilates :
“ For the most part , golf and Pilates share the same basic principles – flexibility , rotation , core strength and a focus on the breath . Pilates teaches golfers to be mindful in their movements – integrating their pelvis , trunk and shoulders into safe , flowing and progressive movements . The emphasis on the breath helps the golfer maintain focus , relax through the swing and utilize controlled precise movements .
“ Traditional athletic training methods often target specific muscles needed for a specific sport , but may not address the stabilizing muscles around the joints or the torso . Pilates focuses on core development and strength , pelvic stability , increased overall flexibility and greater mobility . Exercises strengthen weak areas ; promote correct foot , leg and hip alignment ; increase movement in the joints and spine ; and improve core strength .
“ Additionally , because golf is a highly asymmetrical [ one-sided ] sport , golfers almost always favor one side of the body , which leads to muscle imbalances . Pilates routines create symmetry of strength , balance and flexibility . ”
Working with a physical therapist can also improve your game and prevent injury .
Physical Therapist Jordan Williams , D.P.T. , owner of Proof Physical Therapy , has advanced training in manual therapy and is an expert when it comes to helping golfers better their swing and increase power and accuracy .
Williams uses a golf-specific physical movement screening and video-recorded swing analysis to determine the physical limitations that can affect a person 's swing , endurance , power and risk of injury .
“ Golf is like any other sport : your strength , balance and flexibility are all important factors in determining your performance and reducing your risk of injury , ” they explained . “ You can spend a lot of time and effort building strength , but if you do n't move correctly , it wo n't really matter .
“ The swing sequence is the same , but everyone moves differently . That 's why a one-size-fits-all approach to improving the swing does n't work . I have my clients do a series of functional movements that show me anatomical joint angles before , during and after the swing , physical limitations , abnormal movements and other functional deficiencies . After the evaluation , I develop a plan of exercises or mobilizations designed to specifically address the issues identified .
“ Just one small change in body mechanics can make a big difference on the green . ”
Both Pilates and physical therapy are also very effective for injury rehabilitation because they provide individualized no-impact and low-weight-bearing exercises to help repair and restore injured and over-used muscles and tissues .
Want to be under par and above average on the green ? Consider adding Pilates and/or physical therapy to your weekly schedule . In most cases , neither requires a physician referral and both can significantly improve your game and your overall fitness . FBN
WIPRO
Wipro Limited ( NYSE : WIT , BSE : 507685 , NSE : WIPRO ) , a leading global information technology , consulting and business process services company , today hosted the seventh edition of the Wipro earthian awards , for the year 2017 . The awards recognize excellence in learning about sustainability within the education process in schools and colleges in India .
The Wipro earthian awards program is designed as a catalyst for fostering excellence in sustainability thinking and action among young students across the country .
The seventh edition of the annual Wipro earthian , which is one of India 's largest sustainability education programs for schools and colleges , received over 1200 submissions from across the country . From these submissions , an independent jury recognized eleven school and eight college teams as winning entries .
Participating school teams showcased their understanding of biodiversity and water , the themes for schools , through activities and essay submissions . Teams from colleges submitted their entries on the themes of water , waste and mobility in the urban sustainability reporting format .
The winning institutes were awarded a certificate along with a cash prize . They will also be involved in a long-term , continuous , collaborative engagement with Wipro , and its expert sustainability partners to enable a deeper understanding of issues pertaining to sustainability .
The awards were given away by Azim Premji , Chairman , Wipro Limited as part of a special day-long event at Wipro 's Sarjapur Campus in Bangalore . The event featured a session by Gerry Martin , one of the first Indians to be selected as a National Geographic Adventurer and musical performances by the group Maati Baani , Shri Mooralala Marwada , a noted folk singer from Kutch and Noor Mohammad Sodha , who plays the Jodia Pawa -an indigenous double reed flute from Bhuj . The event also included a special edition of the Wipro Sustainability Quiz .
Participation in Wipro earthian has steadily increased over the years with the 2017 edition of the program representing more than a threefold increase since its inception in 2011 . The program has engaged with more than 55,000 institutes , 1,30,000 students and 13,000 teachers .
Education partners such as Centre for Environment Education ( CEE ) and C.P.R Environmental Education Centre ( CPREEC ) provided on-ground support to Wipro earthian during the participation cycle of the program , which has played a key role in furthering its reach , nationwide .
Anurag Behar , Chief Sustainability Officer , Wipro Limited said , “ Over the last seven years with Wipro earthian , we have seen terrific engagement amongst schools and colleges about sustainability education . The most energizing part about the program is meeting the young minds , who have participated from various parts of the country and seeing how they have developed deeper understanding in their different themes and projects . It has been wonderful to see the knowledge and enthusiasm across the country – from rural areas to large metros – all on issues of sustainability . We look forward to many more students , teachers and young adults to inspire us in the future . ”
The list of winning schools at earthian awards 2017 included the following : City Montessori School , Kanpur Road , Lucknow
Government Higher Secondary School , Doimukh , Arunachal Pradesh ,
Government High School , Khudmudi , Durg , Chhattisgarh ,
Government Higher Secondary School , Ghuguwa , Durg , Chhattisgarh
Holy Angels I.S.C School Thiruvananthapuram , Kerala
L ` ecole Chempaka , Thiruvananthapuram , Kerala
Mahalaxmi High School , Kudne , Sanquelim , Goa
Our Lady of Remedies High School , Nerul , Bardez , Goa
Purva Madhyamik Vidyalaya , Itaunja , Uttar Pradesh
Rajkiya Madhyamik Vidyalaya , Subhash Nagar , Bhilwadi
Vamanrao Bade Secondary and Higher Secondary School , Umrad , Solapur The winning colleges included : CEPT University , Ahmedabad , Gujarat – Team 1
CEPT University , Ahmedabad , Gujarat – Team 2
College of Engineering Pune , Maharashtra
Indian Institute of Management Kozhikode , Kerala – Team 1
Indian Institute of Management Kozhikode , Kerala – Team 2
National University of Study and Research in Law , Ranchi , Jharkhand
SASTRA University , Thanjavur Tamil Nadu – Team 1
SASTRA University , Thanjavur Tamil Nadu – Team 2
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
May 2 Atlanta Gold Inc
* Atlanta Gold announces agreement with holders of its notes and debentures
* Atlanta Gold Inc - reached agreement with holders of $ 2 million principal amount convertible debentures and $ 6.1 million principal amount senior secured notes
* Atlanta Gold - agreement to settle accrued and unpaid interest on debentures and notes totaling c $ 1.7 million and to extend maturity of notes by one year
* Atlanta Gold Inc - maturity date of outstanding notes will be extended by one year to August 31 , 2019 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Javi Marroquin is making amends with their ex-wife Kailyn Lowry , and they want everybody to know about it .
On Saturday , the Teen Mom 2 star announced that they had apologized to Lowry for all the drama that occurred after they visited ex-girlfriend and costar Briana DeJesus in Miami .
“ At the end of the day a good relationship with my sons mother will make Lincoln the happiest . I lost sight of that . This trip made me realize that and I 've apologized to kail for my actions , ” Marroquin wrote on social media Friday .
Showing that they accepted their apology , Lowry retweeted their message .
The formerly married couple co-parent their 4-year-old son Lincoln .
At the end of the day a good relationship with my sons mother will make Lincoln the happiest . I lost sight of that . This trip made me realize that and I 've apologized to kail for my actions . — Javi Marroquin ( @ Javimarroquin9 ) February 2 , 2018
Although neither Marroquin nor Lowry has gone into detail about what happened during their visit with DeJesus as they underwent a series of plastic surgery procedures , they told RadarOnline , “ I should 've never gone . I should 've went to LA like I was supposed to . We broke up for a reason and yesterday reassured me that . ”
Seemingly addressing the drama on social media Lowry wrote , “ Everyone 's asking where the tea is at but javis been through enough so I 'm not gona put them through more s— ”
RELATED VIDEO : Teen Mom 2-Star Briana DeJesus Announces Split from Javi Marroquin
Marroquin 's apology comes just a week after DeJesus slammed their ex-boyfriend after they appeared on Lowry 's podcast with Lindsie Chrisley Coffee Convos and discussed their split .
Lowry , who filed for divorce from them in 2016 after almost three years of marriage , began the episode by asking Marroquin if it was true that they and DeJesus had broken up .
“ As of right now it is , ” they said , referring to the pair 's separation . “ I do n't know what the future holds . There is a lot we have to discuss and talk about before we make any other decisions . ”
But in a series of now-deleted tweets , DeJesus took aim at Lowry for seemingly attempting to cool down the tension between them and then going back on their words .
“ 1 ) Do not ever call my phone at 7am talking about we need to leave social media alone when it comes to our issues but you are the 1st one to use my name to gain listeners…2 ) do n't you ever text my man about me and think hes ok to bad mouth me cause thats when the line gets crossed , ” DeJesus tweeted . “ Do n't sit 15 feet away from me and talk s— indirectly because I 'll approach u just like I did and do go crying in ur dressing room cause u could n't handle my mouth . ”
“ I am not the common denominator as to why y'all fail to co parent so do n't ever use my name in that matter again… and you are right , I 'll never say sorry because I am not the one who started all this mess… you use ur kids as pawns and that is not my fault but ur own selfish reasoning 's . ”
Twitter
DeJesus also addressed Marroquin 's comments about not being sure “ what the future holds ” for them .
“ Do n't say u do n't know what the future holds to someone but in my msgs saying u wan na marry me , ” they wrote . “ I do n't do that fake — say its about the kids but in reality u only care about ur feelings and not anyone elses… including ur kids . ”
The Florida native also blamed Marroquin and Lowry for beginning their feud by mentioning them in Lowry 's podcast .
“ I look like the crazy one now but just remember I tried to keep it off social media… u bitches so quick to call lawyers when they ca n't handle the heat that they turned on… I am not the reason as to why people ca n't get along… u left ur saltiness get in the way and now looks where you 're . ”
Twitter
They added , “ Call me ratchet , trashy all you want but do n't mention my name again and there will be no issues… U NOT KIM K SO SLOW UR ROLL… AND DONT SIT HERE TRYNA PLAY MIND GAMES WHEN THE REAL REASON WHY WE ARE HERE IS BECAUSE OF UR .. JAVI . ”
come on , you 're better than this . I know a different bri so i 'll never turn my back on you like I promised . you do n't do fake sh * * but you 're on here…you have my number , we 've always talked about everything — Javi Marroquin ( @ Javimarroquin9 ) January 26 , 2018
Marroquin responded on Twitter , writing , “ come on , you 're better than this . I know a different bri so i 'll never turn my back on you like I promised . you do n't do fake s— but you 're on here…you have my number , we 've always talked about everything . ”
When you block their number and get a “ llamame conyo ” email 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂⚰️⚰️⚰️⚰️ — Kailyn Lowry ( @ KailLowry ) January 26 , 2018
Is mercury in retrograde or — Kailyn Lowry ( @ KailLowry ) January 26 , 2018
Lowry also seemingly responded , tweeting , “ When you block their number and get a ‘ llamame conyo ' email , ” along with laughing and coffin emojis . They added , “ Is mercury in retrograde or . ”
Marroquin addressed the tension between Lowry and DeJesus on the podcast saying they were “ trying to learn from my mistakes and not repeat those mistakes moving forward . I 'm not gon na mix that . ”
They also said they hoped the trio could all get along if they and DeJesus did reunite .
Lowry , on the other hand , thought differently : “ It would never happen . We would never get along . You allowed them to disrespect me to my face , also on camera , also in text messages . ”
They continued , “ When I said what I had to say in a nice way , you defended them and not me . We raise a son together , you do n't raise a son with her . ”
BEIRUT , April 29 Lebanon 's Blom Bank reported a 3.5 percent year-on-year rise in first-quarter net profit , it said in a statement on Saturday .
Net profit for the three months to the end of March was $ 112.03 million , it said . The bank had reported a $ 108.23 million net profit for the same period a year ago .
It is Lebanon 's second-largest bank by market capitalisation , according to Thomson Reuters data , just behind Bank Audi .
It said assets rose to $ 30.15 billion at the end of March .
Customers ' deposits increased to $ 25.13 billion and private loans stood at $ 7.1 billion , the statement said . ( Reporting by Lisa Barrington ; Editing by Toby Chopra )
This article originally appeared on TIME.com .
An Uber driver made their backseat a gamer 's travel dream by installing a NES Classic on the back of the passenger seat .
The original Nintendo Entertainment System first came out in 1985 , so old technology is meeting new in this Uber . A reddit user posted a photo of the setup on Monday and answered questions about the NES Classic experience .
“ I freaked out when I got in the car , ” the original poster , okdiv , commented .
The driver reportedly had a number of games , and the writer chose The Legend of Zelda due to personal attachment .
FROM COINAGE : The Highest-Grossing Comic Book Films of all Time !
Nintendo began selling NES Classics to high demand in 2016 . The company just announced it will discontinue the product at least through 2017 .
Okdiv did n't identify the location of the ride , so NES lovers who want to track down the Uber themselves may have their work cut out for them .
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO , June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp 's chip unit by mid-July , a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday . The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba 's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response , a separate source said .
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco , turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO , June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday , killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in , authorities and company officials said .
On Saturday , prosecutors filed formal murder charges against Orlando Tercero , the suspect in the strangulation killing of 22-year-old New York nursing student Haley Anderson .
During a press conference that day , Broome County District Attorney Steve Cornwell revealed Anderson 's body was found March 9 in Tercero 's bed — contradicting earlier police assertions that they were found in their home . Cornwell also revealed that the Long Island native was strangled to death .
Tercero fled the country within hours of the killing , Cornwell alleged , but they have since been apprehended in Nicaragua . Their extradition to Binghamton , New York , is pending .
“ Though we can not bring Haley Anderson back , we will fight for justice , ” Cornwell said , announcing that Tercero , who is also 22 , had been charged with a single count of second-degree murder .
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage ? Click here to get breaking crime news , ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter .
Cornwell said they are doing everything they can to ensure Tercero is returned to the United States to face justice .
Tercero is Anderson 's ex-boyfriend and was also a nursing student at the State University of New York at Binghamton .
They were arrested March 13 by Nicaragua National Police .
Haley Anderson GoFundMe
The news of the formal filing of criminal charges preceded Anderson 's funeral on Sunday .
Newsday covered the somber event .
Haley 's father , Gordon Anderson , spoke lovingly through tears about their daughter , who they said was filled with love and joy .
• For more compelling true crime coverage , follow our Crime magazine on Flipboard .
“ Try and keep that joy when you leave , ” they reportedly told the crowd , according to reports . “ Leave here with a smile and that warmth that comes with it . Because , simply , that 's what Haley would have wanted . ”
A GoFundMe campaign has been set up to cover their funeral expenses .
Anyone with information on their death is asked to contact the Binghamton Police Detective Division at 607-772-7080 or 607-772-7082 .
More than 500 spellers are duking it out over three days of competition to claim the top spot at the 2018 Scripps National Spelling Bee in Maryland . This year marks the 91st iteration of the spelling bee , and while the competition can get heated for these kids , it does n't mean they do n't have fun .
March 28 Shenzhen Sunwin Intelligent Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to invest 42.5 million yuan to set up a parking lot construction investment management JV as project company in Hunan , with partners
* JV will be capitalized at 50 million yuan and co will hold a 85 percent stake in it
* Says co plans to pay cash div 0.3 yuan per 10 shares for FY 2016
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/HjjDRr
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
BRIEF-System1 says current role of COO being split into specialist leadership roles
* As part of preparations to become larger marketing services company , current role of COO is being split into specialist leadership roles
Rain is expected to start in Revelstoke around noon . ( Drive B.C . Cams )
Rain is expected to begin around noon today
Drive B.C . is reporting there is still debris on Highway 1 for 41.7 kilometres between Revelstoke and Craigellachie .
Oct. 10 through 13 there will be bridge maintenance on Highway 1 12.4 km west of Revelstoke from 6 a.m. to 4 p.m. and the road will be down to one lane alternating traffic .
Fog patches are expected to dissipate this morning , but with increasing cloudiness and showers beginning around noon . Today 's high is expected to be 13 C around 2 p.m .
In case you missed it :
Strong artist vision guides new show “ Rooms ”
Coming up today :
Coverage on how a propane company merger will affect rates in Revelstoke and action from boys high school soccer .
Here are some other things to know about Georgia 's visit to Vanderbilt :
FOUR-HEADED MONSTER : Mason may be expecting Fromm at quarterback , but Vanderbilt is preparing for what the coach called a `` four-headed monster '' thanks to seniors Nick Chubb and Sony Michel leading a talented group of running backs . Georgia is averaging 237.4 yards on the ground led by Chubb with 480 yards and six touchdowns this season . Michel is averaging 5.4 yards per carry with D'Andre Smith picking up 7.3 yards on each of their runs . `` They 've got a boatload of talent in the backfield , '' Mason said .
STINGY D : Georgia comes in having given up just three points in the past two games with a six-quarter scoreless streak . That has the Bulldogs ranked second nationally in scoring defence giving up a mere 9.2 points per game . They rank behind only Alabama , which shut out Vanderbilt 59-0 last month .
DORES ' CHALLENGE : Vanderbilt ranked among the nation 's best in scoring defence too before starting a grueling stretch featuring four ranked teams in as many weeks . Now the Commodores rank 45th nationally in total offence but have been gashed by the run where they 're giving up 204.6 yards per game . But they do have linebacker Charles Wright leading the SEC with six sacks .
TALENTED QUARTERBACKS : Fromm has taken good care of the ball for Georgia , throwing for 734 yards with eight touchdowns and only two interceptions . Junior Kyle Shurmur is off to the best season of their career , tied for the SEC lead with 11 TD passes , and they have only been intercepted once . Their teammates have given them decent protection too , allowing them to be sacked only three times . Smart said Shurmur was still growing as a quarterback when these teams last met .
`` He will be the best pure passing quarterback that we have played against , '' Smart said .
ROUGH STRETCH : Not only is Vanderbilt playing four ranked teams in consecutive weeks for the first time in school history , that stretch also includes two of the nation 's top five programs . The schedule started with a win over then-No . 18 Kansas State , the loss to Alabama , a 38-24 loss at then-No . 21 Florida and now Georgia . Vandy has n't beaten the Bulldogs in consecutive games since 1956-58 . Mason says the tough competition will help their Commodores build the character they will need to play well down the stretch .
___
More AP college football : www.collegefootball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP_Top25 .
___
Follow Teresa M. Walker at www.twitter.com/teresamwalker
By Teresa M. Walker , The Associated Press
April 12 Napec Inc
* Napec Inc says its subsidiaries have recently been awarded new contracts representing an aggregate value estimated at close to $ 60.0 million
* Napec inc - contract is expected to be completed in Q3 of 2018 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Gurriel Jr. hits tiebreaking HR , Jays rally to beat Mets 8-6
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-10 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 10 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
window._taboola = window._taboola || [ ] ; _taboola.push ( { mode : 'thumbnails-c ' , container : 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-12 ' , placement : 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 12 ' , target_type : 'mix ' } ) ; _taboola.push ( { flush : true } ) ;
Photo : Fred Thornhill , AP Image 1 of / 12 Caption Close Image 1 of 12 Toronto Blue Jays ' Lourdes Gurriel Jr. reacts as they cross home plate after hitting a two-run home run against the New York Mets during the eighth inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Toronto . ( Fred Thornhill/The Canadian Press via AP ) less Toronto Blue Jays ' Lourdes Gurriel Jr. reacts as they cross home plate after hitting a two-run home run against the New York Mets during the eighth inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Toronto . ... more Photo : Fred Thornhill , AP Image 2 of 12 Toronto Blue Jays ' Yangervis Solarte celebrates while rounding third base after hitting a three-run home run against the New York Mets in the seventh inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Toronto . ( Fred Thornhill/The Canadian Press via AP ) less Toronto Blue Jays ' Yangervis Solarte celebrates while rounding third base after hitting a three-run home run against the New York Mets in the seventh inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Toronto . ... more Photo : Fred Thornhill , AP Image 3 of 12 Toronto Blue Jays starting pitcher Marco Estrada walks off the mound after giving up a two-run home run to New York Mets ' Asdrubal Cabrera , rear , during the first inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Toronto . ( Fred Thornhill/The Canadian Press via AP ) less Toronto Blue Jays starting pitcher Marco Estrada walks off the mound after giving up a two-run home run to New York Mets ' Asdrubal Cabrera , rear , during the first inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , ... more Photo : Fred Thornhill , AP Image 4 of 12 New York Mets ' Brandon Nimmo is caught stealing third as Toronto Blue Jays ' Yangervis Solarte applies the tag during the fifth inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Toronto . ( Fred Thornhill/The Canadian Press via AP ) less New York Mets ' Brandon Nimmo is caught stealing third as Toronto Blue Jays ' Yangervis Solarte applies the tag during the fifth inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Toronto . ( Fred Thornhill/The ... more Photo : Fred Thornhill , AP Image 5 of 12 Image 6 of 12 Toronto Blue Jays ' Devon Travis scores on a wild pitch by New York Mets pitcher Anthony Swarzak ( 38 ) during the seventh inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Toronto . ( Fred Thornhill/The Canadian Press via AP ) less Toronto Blue Jays ' Devon Travis scores on a wild pitch by New York Mets pitcher Anthony Swarzak ( 38 ) during the seventh inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Toronto . ( Fred Thornhill/The Canadian ... more Photo : Fred Thornhill , AP Image 7 of 12 New York Mets ' Jose Bautista acknowledges the crowd before the team 's baseball game against the Toronto Blue Jays , their former team , in Toronto on Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . ( Fred Thornhill/The Canadian Press via AP ) less New York Mets ' Jose Bautista acknowledges the crowd before the team 's baseball game against the Toronto Blue Jays , their former team , in Toronto on Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 . ( Fred Thornhill/The Canadian Press via ... more Photo : Fred Thornhill , AP Image 8 of 12 Toronto Blue Jays starting pitcher Jake Petricka throws to a New York Mets batter during the third inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Toronto . ( Fred Thornhill/The Canadian Press via AP ) Toronto Blue Jays starting pitcher Jake Petricka throws to a New York Mets batter during the third inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Toronto . ( Fred Thornhill/The Canadian Press via AP ) Photo : Fred Thornhill , AP Image 9 of 12 New York Mets ' Jose Bautista is congratulated in the dugout after they scored on a two-run home run by Asdrubal Cabrera in the first inning of a baseball game against the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Toronto . ( Fred Thornhill/The Canadian Press via AP ) less New York Mets ' Jose Bautista is congratulated in the dugout after they scored on a two-run home run by Asdrubal Cabrera in the first inning of a baseball game against the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday , July 3 , ... more Photo : Fred Thornhill , AP Image 10 of 12 Image 11 of 12 New York Mets ' Asdrubal Cabrera , right , celebrates with teammate Jose Bautista after Cabrera hit a two-run home run against the Toronto Blue Jays during the first inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in Toronto . ( Fred Thornhill/The Canadian Press via AP ) less New York Mets ' Asdrubal Cabrera , right , celebrates with teammate Jose Bautista after Cabrera hit a two-run home run against the Toronto Blue Jays during the first inning of a baseball game Tuesday , July 3 , ... more Photo : Fred Thornhill , AP Image 12 of 12 Gurriel Jr. hits tiebreaking HR , Jays rally to beat Mets 8-6 1 / 12 Back to Gallery
TORONTO ( AP ) — In line for their first win in more than two months , Zack Wheeler had to watch as the New York Mets bullpen turned a five-run lead into a two-run deficit .
Lourdes Gurriel Jr. hit a tiebreaking two-run home run in the eighth inning and the Toronto Blue Jays rallied to beat the struggling Mets 8-6 on Tuesday night .
`` Wheeler threw a gem , '' said Mets reliever Anthony Swarzak , who allowed three runs . `` We should have won this game . ''
Yangervis Solarte hit a game-tying three-run home run off Robert Gsellman in the seventh before Gurriel Jr. went deep off Tim Peterson ( 1-1 ) in the eighth as the Blue Jays won for the 11th time in 14 home games .
`` A couple of pitches that we did n't quite execute , and they put them out of the park , '' New York manager Mickey Callaway said .
The Mets have lost 11 of 13 .
John Axford ( 2-1 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings to earn the win . Tyler Clippard got the final out for their sixth save in 10 opportunities , stranding runners at first and second .
Wheeler allowed two runs and three hits in 6 1/3 innings but was denied their first victory since April 29 at San Diego .
`` He did great job tonight , '' Callaway said . `` Obviously deserved a better fate than they got . ''
Wheeler pitched seven scoreless innings against Pittsburgh in their previous start but the Mets lost 5-3 .
`` This is a good little stretch right now and hopefully I can keep it going , '' Wheeler said .
Asdrubal Cabrera and Devin Mesoraco each hit two-run home runs for the Mets . Wilmer Flores added a solo shot .
Cabrera connected against Blue Jays right-hander Marco Estrada in the first and Mesoraco homered off Jake Petricka in the second .
Estrada was removed after 12 pitches because of a sore left hip . They faced three batters and got one out . Estrada allowed two runs and one hit .
`` His left hip has been bothering them a little bit , '' Blue Jays manager John Gibbons said . `` It was bothering them in their last start but it was worse tonight . ''
X-rays were negative . Estrada was undergoing an MRI following the game .
Petricka replaced Estrada and pitched 2 2/3 innings .
Mets outfielder Jose Bautista went 1 for 2 with a single and three walks in their first game in Toronto since leaving the Blue Jays at the end of last season , ending a 10-year run north of the border .
The crowd of 24,010 gave Bautista a standing ovation before their first at bat . The two-time home run champion took off their batting helmet and acknowledged both the fans and the Blue Jays dugout before drawing a five-pitch walk and scoring on Cabrera 's 15th homer .
`` Great to be recognized , great to acknowledge the fans and great to know they feel good I 'm back and wanted to recognize me , '' Bautista said .
Bautista made a diving catch to retire Russell Martin for the final out of the second but was charged with a two-base error in the seventh when Randal Grichuk 's single skipped past them and rolled to the wall .
`` I was actually going to try to make a play at first , '' Bautista said . `` It was a good one to make an attempt , but the ball bounced a little higher than expected . ''
Kevin Plawecki replaced Mesoraco at catcher in the seventh . Mesoraco was struck on the helmet by the carom when Travis was hit by a pitch in the fifth . Mesoraco was hit again by a swing in the sixth .
Callaway said Mesoraco passed concussion tests but would be monitored overnight .
TUNED IN
The Blue Jays played Bautista 's old walk-up music , Usher 's `` OMG , '' before their first at bat . `` That caught me by surprise , '' Bautista said .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Mets : OF Yoenis Cespedes ( right hip ) felt fine after running a series of sprints Monday , manager Mickey Callaway said . It was the first time Cespedes had run since leaving a minor league rehab game June 9 . ... RHP Noah Syndergaard ( right index finger ) and LHP Jason Vargas ( right calf ) faced each other in a simulated game at the Mets ' spring training facility in Florida Tuesday . Syndergaard threw 50 pitches and Vargas threw 65 .
Blue Jays : RHP Seunghawn Oh ( flu-like symptoms ) was not available . ... Minor league 3B prospect Vladimir Guerrero Jr. ( left knee ) has resumed batting practice and is expected to participate in infield drills this weekend . Guerrero Jr. is working out at Toronto 's spring training facility in Florida .
UP NEXT
Mets RHP Corey Oswalt ( 0-1 , 9.82 ) faces Blue Jays RHP Marcus Stroman ( 1-5 , 6.02 ) in Wednesday 's series finale . Oswalt made their major league debut against Miami on June 29 , allowing six runs in 2 2/3 innings . Stroman won for the first time this season in their previous outing , pitching seven innings against Detroit .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
BRATISLAVA Slovak media covering the Brexit process are facing fines of up to 6,600 euros ( 5,625 pounds ) for using the unofficial but widely known name for the country in question , Britain , rather than the official United Kingdom .
The news outlets have been called out by a state agency charged with enforcing uniform use of official country names in publications , based on an obscure 1995 law passed when Slovakia was just finding its feet as a newly independent nation .
The Bratislava-based Geodesy , Cartography and Cadastre Authority said it was acting on dozens of tips from readers and planned to hold a seminar on correct terminology for the media before it starts collecting fines .
A letter it sent to all Slovak media last week warned they had `` repeatedly broken the law '' by using `` Britain '' or `` Great Britain '' in coverage of London 's planned exit from the EU rather than `` United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland '' .
`` Our key goal is to raise awareness , we have never fined anyone in the past but we are ( now ) ready to enforce the law , '' agency chief Maria Fridrichova said .
Most media had made no changes a few days after receiving the agency 's letter . `` I think the letter is absurd and I will not instruct our editors to use different terms , '' said Beata Baloghova , editor-in-chief of SME daily .
A list of official country names on the agency website showed that a shortened `` United Kingdom '' is permissible , as well as abbreviated names of other states like Germany and Macedonia .
For its part , the British Embassy said it did not mind the term `` Britain '' in Slovak media . `` The embassy 's official logo says 'British Embassy Bratislava ' but we will comply with the Slovak law if required , '' a spokesperson said .
Slovakia 's official name is The Slovak Republic . `` Slovakia '' is lawful in published references .
( Reporting by Tatiana Jancarikova ; editing by Mark Heinrich )
May 3 Criteo Sa :
* Criteo reports strong results for the first quarter 2017
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $ 0.46
* Q1 earnings per share view $ 0.43 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sees fy 2017 revenue up 28 to 31 percent
* Sees q2 2017 revenue $ 209 million to $ 213 million
* Qtrly revenue increased 29 % ( or 30 % at constant currency ) to $ 517 million .
* Criteo sa qtrly revenue ex-tac , grew 29 % ( or 30 % at constant currency ) to $ 210 million
* Criteo sa - expect q2 2017 adjusted ebitda to be between $ 44 million and $ 48 million
* Criteo sa - expect fiscal year 2017 adjusted ebitda margin as a percentage of revenue ex-tac to increase between 0 basis points and 50 basis points
* Criteo sa - expect fiscal year 2017 revenue ex-tac growth to be between 28 % and 31 % at constant currency Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
Saturday next sees Connacht play Leinster in their final game of the Pro14 at The Sportsground ( Kick Off 3.05 ) .
It will also be John Muldoon 's 327th and last game for the province .
Connacht held their press conference this afternoon and before that , Rob Murphy spoke to John as they prepare for their last game in a green shirt .
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $ 31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys , as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country .
March 31 UMH Properties Inc
* UMH Properties , Inc. renews and expands its existing unsecured revolving credit agreement
* UMH Properties - has entered into an amended and restated credit agreement to renew and expand its existing unsecured revolving credit facility
* UMH Properties - facility provides for increase from $ 35 million in available borrowings to $ 50 million in available borrowings with a $ 75 million accordion feature
* Maturity date of facility is March 27 , 2020 , with a one year extension option Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
By Bruno Federowski São Paulo , April 5 The Mexican peso led gains among Latin American currencies on Wednesday , supported by market intervention by its central bank ahead of the release of the U.S. Federal Reserve 's policy meeting minutes . The Banco de Mexico fully rolled over $ 500 million worth of currency hedging instruments originally sold a month ago to stem a slump in the currency . The peso is now up 11 percent so far this year , rebounding from all-time lows in 2016 amid fresh hopes that U.S. President Donald Trump will not impose heavy tariffs on Mexican exports to the United States as they had threatened . The peso firmed nearly 0.5 percent on Thursday , while other currencies in the region were mostly flat . Traders avoided big bets before the release of the U.S. central bank March policy meeting minutes later in the day . Investors have closely monitored the Fed 's communication in search of hints over when U.S. interest rates will rise again , potentially draining capital away from higher-yielding emerging markets . U.S. companies hired the most workers in over two years in March , supporting the Fed 's view for at least two more hikes by year-end . Key Latin American stock indexes and currencies at 1610 GMT : Stock indexes The Latest Daily YTD pct pct change change MSCI Emerging Markets 970.16 0.52 11.93 MSCI LatAm 2,690.27 0.79 14.03 Brazil Bovespa 65,655.72 -0.17 9.01 Mexico IPC 49,227.97 -0.23 7.85 Chile IPSA 4,857.06 0.65 17.00 Chile IGPA 24,297.86 0.58 17.19 Argentina MerVal 20,836.01 0 23.16 Colombia IGBC 10,223.33 0.42 0.94 Venezuela IBC 45,184.30 -1.21 42.51 Currencies The Latest Daily YTD pct pct change change Brazil real 3.0914 0.19 5.10 Mexico peso 18.7300 0.47 10.75 Chile peso 658.5 0.29 1.85 Colombia peso 2,857.83 0.12 5.03 Peru sol 3.248 0.06 5.11 Argentina peso ( interbank ) 15.3575 -0.02 3.37 Argentina peso ( parallel ) 15.79 0.57 6.52 ( Reporting by Bruno Federowski , editing by G Crosse )
KATHMANDU ( Reuters ) - Former Nepali prime minister K.P . Oli on Sunday looked set for a return to power after winning their seat in parliament and their Communist UML party and Maoist allies on course to win a majority .
Counting is still under way following an election on Thursday that capped a near-decade long transition to democracy from monarchy and a civil war in which more than 17,000 people died .
Oli , 65 , has vowed to form a government that lasts its full five-year term , something no prime minister has achieved since parliamentary democracy was established in 1990 .
Their campaign has called for the extension of the Chinese railway network into Nepal and implement of hydroelectric , airport and other infrastructure projects to create jobs .
“ We can expect Oli to lead a stable government with the Maoists as strong allies , ” said Bipin Adhikari , a constitutional expert . “ Once there is political stability they can implement a development agenda and attract foreign investment . ”
Instability has spooked investors , curbed growth , spurred corruption and slowed reconstruction after a 2015 earthquake that killed 9,000 people .
Nepal is a natural buffer between China and India , with the ruling Nepali Congress party considered pro-India and the left alliance seen closer to China .
“ If Oli leads the new government , they will be forced to be pragmatic in maintaining a geo-political balance with both , ” said Kunda Dixit , editor of the weekly Nepali Times .
Final election results are expected to take about a week , election officials said .
Home to Mount Everest , Nepal is one of the world 's poorest countries .
Poor Elsa has only ever lived outside in horrendous and dirty conditions and thoroughly deserves a loving home .
They enjoy being bathed and groomed and has a lot of potential to make a fantastic dog for someone .
Elsa is a very affectionate girl but has had no training at all , and does n't respond to any commands or return when off lead . Elsa is also food proud and therefore they will need long term management with regards to food guarding .
They will need to be fed with their food in a stand and left alone until they have finished eating . Avoid feeding any high reward treats such as bones and chews .
Elsa is looking for experienced owners who have had Huskies in the past and can devote the time and effort they need – training classes would be advisable . Elsa must be kept on a lead as they will chase and is easily distracted .
They need to be the only pet in the household and is suitable for an adult only home .
If you would like to know more about Elsa you can visit the RSPCA Radcliffe Animal Shelter at 32 Nottingham Road , Radcliffe-on-Trent , Nottinghamshire , NG12 2DW , ring 01158 550222 , email : info @ rspca-radcliffe.org.uk or visit www.rspca-radcliffe.org.uk
Photo courtesy of Beverley Perkins Photographer .
* NSE index up 0.2 pct , BSE index 0.3 pct higher
* SBI rises to 22-month high
* GST bills passage spurs logistics stocks
By Aby Jose Koilparambil
March 30 Indian shares rose in thin trade on Thursday after the country moved a step closer to implementing a nationwide goods and services tax ( GST ) from July .
Four bills related to GST , passed by the lower house of parliament , would next be presented before the upper house . The new sales tax regime will subsume a slew of federal and state levies , transforming a nation of more than 1.2 billion population into a single market .
Broader gains in the market were capped due to caution ahead of the expiration of March futures & options later in the day .
`` Right now , I do n't see a scenario in the market where a fall that would frighten you would happen . All the macro factors are conducive for the country , '' said Dharmesh Kant , head , retail research at Motilal Oswal Securities Ltd .
The broader NSE index was up 0.18 percent at 9,159.95 by 0555 GMT , while the benchmark BSE index was 0.28 percent higher at 29,614.09 .
Logistics shares were trading higher after the passage of the GST bills . Allcargo Logistics Ltd rose as much as 4.4 percent while VRL Logistics Ltd shot up as much as 4.3 percent and GATI Ltd gained as much as 2.5 percent .
Financial shares extended a recent rally with the Nifty Finance and Nifty Bank indexes gaining for the fifth session in six .
Banking behemoth State Bank of India rose as much as 1.8 percent to its highest in a little over 22 months and was among the top percentage gainers on the NSE index .
Kotak Mahindra Bank rose as much as 1.7 percent after the private lender said it would focus on building stressed assets business and double its customer base .
Meanwhile , auto stocks including Hero MotoCorp Ltd and Ashok Leyland Ltd recovered from steep losses after the country 's top court banned sale of new vehicles with older Euro III fuel technology from April 1 .
Two-wheeler manufacturer Hero MotoCorp rose as much as 1.4 percent while Ashok Leyland rose as much as 1.2 percent . ( Reporting by Aby Jose Koilparambil in Bengaluru ; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier )
The royal baby is already emulating their siblings ' style !
If the cute white bonnet that Kate Middleton and Prince William dressed their newborn son in as they left hospital on Monday looked familiar , it 's because it is the same design that Princess Charlotte wore for their big debut three years ago .
But this time , it was put on the little prince the correct way around ! Nearly three years ago , baby Charlotte was seen wearing an ivory version of the bonnet backwards as they were carried out by mom Kate onto the very same steps of the Lindo Wing .
And Spanish nanny Maria Turrion Borrallo played a key role in the outfit choice — their mother bought both garments from the Spanish children 's boutique , Irulea .
The royal baby boy Tim Rooke/REX/Shutterstock
Princess Charlotte LEON NEAL , BEN STANSALL/AFP/Getty
The white bonnet is from Irulea and may have been bought at the same time that Charlotte 's bonnet was picked up before their birth . “ It is from the same set , ” Ayago Villar Pagola , the owner of the shop in San Sebastián , Spain , tells PEOPLE . “ We were very , very happy to see it on Monday . The baby looked very good ! ”
Pagola adds , “ We do n't know if it was bought at the same time . But three years ago the mother of their nanny came to our shop and bought them . They are very private and when they came here to buy them , they did n't say anything about who they were for . ”
The store staff ca n't say if the palace or nanny Maria had been back and bought extra bonnets but the original purchase did include two bonnets : one ivory and one white .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHARLOTTESVILLE , Va. -- The man suspected of killing a woman as they allegedly mowed down a group of counterprotesters at a white supremacist rally in Virginia is set to appear Monday in court via video link .
James Alex Fields Jr. , 20 , is accused of driving their car into a crowd of people , killing Heather Heyer , a 32-year-old paralegal , who was protesting the `` Unite the Right '' march on Saturday .
Fields is being held on suspicion of second-degree murder , malicious wounding and failure to stop in an accident that resulted in death . It is unclear whether they have an attorney .
The incident took place as hundreds of white nationalists converged on Charlottesville to protest the removal of a statue of Confederate general Robert E. Lee .
Nineteen people were injured during clashes , 10 of whom were listed Sunday in good condition by the University of Virginia Health System . Nine patients were released .
Two Virginia State Police troopers died when a helicopter crashed in a wooded area near Charlottesville after monitoring Saturday 's events .
The violence sparked political fallout over the weekend , with critics blasting President Donald Trump for failing to single out white supremacists in their criticism of the violence . The vice president , however , on Sunday did just that , calling out `` dangerous fringe groups . ''
People around the nation marched Sunday in support of the anti-racism protesters in Charlottesville , with more than 130 rallies from California to Maine .
What do we know about Fields ?
Fields was a man who possessed `` outlandish , very radical beliefs , '' and a `` fondness '' for Adolf Hitler , according to Derek Weimer , who teaches social studies at Randall K. Cooper High School in Union , Kentucky .
`` It was quite clear they had some really extreme views and maybe a little bit of anger behind them , '' Weimer told CNN . `` Feeling , what 's the word I 'm looking for , oppressed or persecuted . They really bought into this white supremacist thing . They were very big into Nazism . They really had a fondness for Adolf Hitler . ''
Principal Mike Wilson said they remembered Fields as a quiet and reserved student who graduated in 2015 . In August of that year , Fields was inducted into the Army but they left active duty in December 2015 . A spokesperson for the Army said they failed to meet training standards .
`` As a result they were never awarded a military occupational skill nor was they assigned to a unit outside of basic training , '' Lt. Col. Jennifer Johnson said .
Fields ' mother , Samantha Bloom , told the Toledo Blade in Ohio , where they live , that they did n't know their son was going to Virginia for a white nationalist rally . They thought it had something to do with Trump .
They told the Blade they did n't discuss politics with their son . They were surprised their son attended an event with white supremacists .
`` He had an African-American friend , '' they told the Blade .
Pence decries neo-Nazis , 'dangerous fringe groups '
As criticism of Trump 's response reverberated , Pence condemned the violence and white supremacists .
`` We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists , neo-Nazis or the KKK , '' Pence said during a trip to Cartagena , Colombia . `` These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms . ''
Pence added : `` The President also made clear that behavior by others of different militant perspectives are also unacceptable in our political debate and discourse . ''
The creator of one of the most prolific neo-Nazi websites praised Trump for not specifically blaming neo-Nazis and white supremacists , saying `` he loves us . ''
Andrew Anglin of the Daily Stormer wrote that Trump 's comments were `` good . ''
`` He did n't attack us . They just said the nation should come together . Nothing specific against us . They said that we need to study why people are so angry , and implied that there was hate on ... both sides ! '' Anglin wrote . `` There was virtually no counter-signaling of us at all . They love us all . ''
Anglin did not respond to CNN 's request for comment .
What happens now ?
Fields will make their initial court appearance Monday morning via a video link from jail . A judge will determine whether they will be granted bail . The hearing is expected to take place at 10 a.m . ET .
Three other men were arrested Saturday .
One faces a charge of carrying a concealed handgun and another is charged with disorderly conduct . The third man was arrested on suspicion of assault and battery .
The Justice Department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation have launched a civil rights investigation into the deadly crash , to be led by US Attorney Rick Mountcastle .
Investigators will be looking into Fields ' alleged motives , and whether there 's enough evidence for a domestic terrorism case .
Radio-TV personality Wendy Walsh ( R ) speaks with reporters alongside their attorney , Lisa Bloom , to discuss their allegations of sexual harassment by Fox News host Bill O'Reilly , during a news conference in Los Angeles , California , U.S. , April 3 , 2017 . REUTERS/Kevork Djansezian
FILE PHOTO - Fox News Channel host Bill O'Reilly poses on the set of their show 'The O'Reilly Factor ' in New York March 17 , 2015 . REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
NEW YORK Fox News parent Twenty-First Century Fox Inc said on Sunday it will investigate a sexual harassment claim against TV anchor Bill O'Reilly , who has seen several companies pull their ads from their top-rated news show in the past week .
The investigation comes after a complaint was phoned in to the network 's corporate hotline last week by Wendy Walsh , a former regular guest on Fox 's `` The O'Reilly Factor '' TV show , and their lawyer , Lisa Bloom , which the two posted to YouTube .
`` 21st Century Fox investigates all complaints and we have asked the law firm Paul Weiss to continue assisting the company in these serious matters , '' the company said in a statement .
Walsh , a psychologist and radio host , said O'Reilly reneged on an offer to secure them a lucrative job on the network after they declined their invitation to join them in their hotel suite after a dinner in early 2013 .
`` I 'm told that they are taking it seriously , and they are going to do the investigation that 's legally required of them , '' Bloom told CNN on Sunday .
Fox and O'Reilly have paid $ 13 million to five women who accused them of sexual harassment , the New York Times reported last weekend . O'Reilly said in a statement then that they had been unfairly targeted because of their prominence and has not made further comment .
Numerous companies have pulled ads from O'Reilly 's Fox News show since the report , including BMW of North America , Allstate Corp , French pharmaceuticals maker Sanofi SA , direct marketer Constant Contact , men 's clothing company Untuckit and mutual fund operator T. Rowe Price . British drugmaker GlaxoSmithKline Plc said it temporarily suspended its advertising .
Fox News , the top-rated cable news network , has faced heightened scrutiny of its workplace climate after sexual harassment allegations led to the resignation of founding Chairman Roger Ailes last year .
21st Century Fox hired law firm Paul Weiss to investigate Ailes .
On April 3 , Democratic political consultant and Fox News contributor Julie Roginsky sued the network and Ailes , accusing them of denying them a permanent hosting job after they rebuffed Ailes ' sexual advances .
Roginsky said that a misogynistic culture at Fox News had not changed since Ailes left the network .
( Additional reporting by Lisa Richwine in Los Angeles ; Editing by Lisa Shumaker )
May 3 Atmos Energy Corp :
* Atmos Energy Corporation reports earnings for fiscal 2017 second quarter and six months ; reaffirms fiscal 2017 guidance
* Sees FY 2017 earnings per share $ 3.45 to $ 3.65 from continuing operations
* Q2 earnings per share $ 1.52 from continuing operations
* Q2 earnings per share $ 1.55
* Q2 earnings per share view $ 1.42 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Capital expenditures for fiscal 2017 are still expected to range between $ 1.1 billion and $ 1.25 billion
* Atmos Energy Corp -sees FY net income from continuing operations is still expected to be in range of $ 365 million to $ 390 million Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
MANCHESTER , England ( Reuters ) - The opening weekend of the Premier League season ended with an emphatic win as Manchester United beat West Ham United 4-0 at Old Trafford on Sunday but manager Jose Mourinho was wary of fuelling talk of their team as title contenders .
With new striker Romelu Lukaku scoring twice and another close-season signing , midfielder Nemanja Matic , making a dominating debut , the win appeared to give credence to United 's placing with many bookmakers as second favourites , behind neighbours Manchester City .
Mourinho played it all down , however , saying : `` Last season we were also top of the league in the first match and we finished sixth so this means nothing .
`` It just means we played well and confidence levels will be high and now our challenge is to keep these confidence levels , '' added the former Chelsea and Real Madrid boss , who is starting their second season at Old Trafford .
`` We finished the season winning the Europa League and qualifying for the Champions League . We start the second season with a very good performance at home . We had many players on the pitch with a very good game . The fans have reasons to be optimistic .
`` But for me , with years and years of experience in the Premier League , my feet are on the ground and I am calm , '' they said .
United have not been in title contention since the retirement of Alex Ferguson with the Premier League trophy in their hands in 2013 .
There have , though , been false dawns .
In Mourinho 's first game last season , they won 3-1 at Bournemouth , prompting instant talk of a new era after the disappointing Louis van Gaal reign but consistency did not follow and United finished sixth .
Four years ago , in David Moyes 's first match in charge , they won 4-1 at Swansea but their manager did not survive the season as United ended seventh .
Mourinho 's attitude is therefore wise and with 37 games of the season to come -- along with a Champions League campaign -- they know there will be moments of doubt and questioning .
Still , there is an air of optimism around Old Trafford and not without reason .
`` Many times last season we deserved to win and did n't so the fact we won the match was the most important thing , '' they said , referring to the 10 home draws last term .
`` But I think the performance based on the confidence levels was really high . I am not going to say the performance was perfect because it was not . We made our mistakes and have room for improvement but it was a solid performance .
`` I liked the attitude in the second half to try and score more goals . After 2-0 we had a period of relaxation and they created a couple of situations in the box but again ( we showed ) good confidence levels and desire to play until the end , '' they said .
Perhaps conscious of criticism of their tactical approach as negative , Mourinho could not resist noting the way their team had finished the game with two late goals .
`` The reality is that in the last part of the game , instead of being boring and controlling the game , we scored a third goal and we could enjoy it . ''
Ryan Edwards is hoping to spend more time with their son , though it might prove more difficult than they thought .
The Teen Mom OG star , who shares 8-year-old Bentley with Maci Bookout , pursued legal counsel for custody of their son on Monday night 's episode .
Returning from rehab , Edwards struggled with only seeing their son on Father 's Day and “ only for five minutes , ” they told a friend .
“ It sucks , ” they said . “ [ Maci has ] never helped me in any sort of way since we had him . ”
Bookout told a close friend of theirs that they are also pursuing legal action after hearing virtually nothing from Edwards while they were in rehab .
“ I told them they should be expecting a letter from my attorney , ” Bookout said , adding that it concerned their visitation rights .
“ I did n't get any [ clarification or updates on them in rehab ] , ” they said , saying they requested Edwards to take a drug test before they picked up Bentley for a weekend .
“ Do the drug test that I 'm paying for — and it 's $ 400 — and then you can come get them for a few days ! ” Bookout said , explaining the situation to them friend .
At home with their wife , Mackenzie , Edwards called a lawyer to see what their options were in pursuing custody or visitation of their son .
“ We used to kind of just wing it and do whatever , ” Edwards told Dana McLendon , a lawyer . “ But lately it 's been every other weekend , which is fine , and then after I left and went to rehab and came back , that was it . ”
They explained that their drug of choice was heroin and that he 'd spent only a few minutes with their son since they returned from rehab .
“ Is it even legal for them to just take them away ? ” they asked . “ I need it to where it 's legal and set in stone so none of this happens anymore . ”
McLendon explained to them that gaining parental rights through a court might be harder for them due to their past substance abuse .
“ [ The ] the biggest problem you 've got is gon na be making sure the judge has great confidence in you , that your substance abuse problem is being dealt with appropriately , ” McLendon said . “ I 'm hoping that you can pass the drug screens . ”
McLendon continued , “ I 've never seen a judge that would create parenting time to someone who was struggling to pass drug screens . ”
Larry and Jen Edwards MTV
Edwards ' parents , Larry and Jen , told MTV producers in an emotional scene that they were relieved to feel as though they had their son back .
“ I can understand every word they say [ when I call him ] , ” Larry said . “ And , for the 30 days they were in rehab , it 's the best I 've ever felt because I knew they were going to be okay . ”
Larry continued , “ I knew that I was n't going to get a call and somebody tells me that I needed to come to the hospital or whatever . That 's scary . That 's scary . ”
They added that they and Jen “ knew something was going on , ” but that confronting their son only resulted in two things : “ There was an argument and … he 'd leave , ” Larry said .
“ We 're not stupid and we 're not naïve , ” Larry said . “ We have a few more things to educate us a little bit and to see what the signs are , but we had no idea what Ryan 's triggers were . Did n't have a clue . ”
WATCH : MTV Condemns ‘ Teen Mom ' Star Ryan Edwards ' ‘ Erratic ' Behavior After Scary Scene of Him Driving Under the Influence
At the mention of their son 's triggers , Jen began to cry .
Larry explained , “ Bentley and Jen are triggers . ”
“ He hates it when I 'm sad or upset , so I have to hold it together , ” Jen said . “ Which is hard . ”
“ You make them cry , it 's a trigger , ” Larry said . “ You use Bentley , it 's a trigger . So , you can imagine how many triggers we 've been fighting here lately . It 's been tough . ”
They continued , “ But , I 'll tell you this , I know they love Bentley . Have they been there all the time ? No . But I know one thing , I know they love him . ”
The show also explored the other relationships on the show that were going through turmoil .
Amber Portwood left their family for three weeks to attend Marriage Boot Camp with Matt Baier , but upon their return , they revealed that they had broken up with him . Farrah Abraham prepared to travel internationally without daughter Sophia , but broke down in tears during lunch with their father about their difficult relationship with their mother . Catelynn and Tyler Baltierra launched their online clothing store , Tierra Reign , but experienced setbacks when the site crashed from a surplus of visitors .
Teen Mom OG airs Mondays ( 9 p.m . ET ) on MTV .
