NFL Playoff Pick 'Em : Super Bowl 0x34 : The New England Patriots face the Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday night in Super Bowl 0x34 . Tahoemoj leads the SportsFilter Playoff Pick 'Em with 69 points and another 5 players are within 20 . Predict the winner and spread along with 10 props .
This Week 's Games
Philadelphia at New England on NBC ( Sunday )
Last Week 's Results
New England 24 , Jacksonville 20 ( 3 < 4 < 5 )
Philadelphia 38 , Minnesota 7 ( 22 < 31 < 40 )
Player Scores
bender 's picks New England by 3 , 8 points
Minnesota by 7 [ lock ] , -10 points
cixelsyd 's picks Jacksonville by 9 , 0 points
Minnesota by 5 , 0 points
Goyoucolts 's picks Jacksonville by 3 , 0 points
Minnesota by 13 [ lock ] , -10 points
gridironarizona 's picks New England by 14 [ lock ] , 10 points
Minnesota by 3 , 0 points
grum @ work 's picks Jacksonville by 3 [ lock ] , -10 points
Minnesota by 7 [ lock ] , -10 points
Howard_T 's picks New England by 6 [ lock ] , 10 points
Philadelphia by 7 [ lock ] , 10 points
ic23b 's picks New England by 17 [ lock ] , 10 points
Minnesota by 6 , 0 points
jagsnumberone 's picks Jacksonville by 4 , 0 points
Minnesota by 3 , 0 points
NoMich 's picks Jacksonville by 6 [ lock ] , -10 points
Minnesota by 12 [ lock ] , -10 points
rcade 's picks Jacksonville by 3 , 0 points
Minnesota by 7 [ lock ] , -10 points
rumple 's picks New England by 17 [ lock ] , 10 points
Philadelphia by 13 [ lock ] , 10 points
tahoemoj 's picks New England by 13 [ lock ] , 10 points
Minnesota by 9 , 0 points
tommytrump 's picks Jacksonville by 21 , 0 points
Minnesota by 17 [ lock ] , -10 points
tron7 's picks Minnesota by 7 [ lock ] , -10 points
truthhurts 's picks Jacksonville by 6 [ lock ] , -10 points
Minnesota by 10 [ lock ] , -10 points
Ufez Jones 's picks New England by 7 [ lock ] , 10 points
Minnesota by 5 [ lock ] , -10 points
werty 's picks Jacksonville by 2 , 0 points
Minnesota by 11 , 0 points
Standings ( Without Props )
Player Total Score This Week ic23b 53 10 tahoemoj 44 10 rcade 44 -10 gridironarizona 39 10 jagsnumberone 38 0 rumple 36 20 tron7 34 -10 Howard_T 31 20 Goyoucolts 31 -10 bender 19 -2 cixelsyd 15 0 Ufez Jones 13 0 werty 12 0 NoMich 11 -20 truthhurts 6 -20 grum @ work 4 -20 tommytrump -12 -10 holden 0 beaverboards 0 moder8 0 Boaz -5
Picks must be submitted in this discussion before the game 's kickoff . So if you miss Saturday 's opener you can still choose the remaining games .
posted by rcade to football at 09:08 AM - 11 comments
A new study found that an increasing proportion of oral cancers was caused by the human papillomavirus ( HPV ) compared to that linked with alcohol and tobacco use , and that men were more affected than are women . The study in the Canadian Medical Association Journal found the rate of oral cancers related to HPV increased by about half between 2000 and 2012 .
HPV is the most common STI
In 2000 , about half of throat cancers were caused by HPV and in 2012 that proportion was 74 per cent . Most oral cancers of this nature are linked to oral sex . Globally , HPV is the most common sexually transmitted disease .
Most forms of the virus do not cause symptoms and are cleared without treatment within two years . But some forms can cause cervical cancer in women , cancer of the penis in men and oral cancers in both sexes .
Oral cancers caused by HPV are more easily treated than those with other causes .
A vaccine against HPV infection for girls was approved in Canada in 2006 . © CBC
Girls were vaccinated first
In 2006 , the first vaccine against HPV infection was approved for girls in Canada between the ages of nine and 26 . One year later , the Canadian government provided funding to the provinces and territories for vaccinating girls . It is they who manage health services is their own jurisdictions .
Subsequently , arguments were made that the publicly-funded immunization should be extended to boys . This study is the latest to support those arguments . Already , six Canadian provinces fund HPV vaccines for boys and four others plan to do so in the next few months , reports Canadian Press .
With files from Canadian Press and CBC .
`` I think that he 's been trying to play through something that 's been very problematic in terms of mechanics , being able to swing properly , all those types of things , '' Twins manager Paul Molitor said . `` It 's taken away some of their aggressiveness as a base runner and a defender to some degree .
`` If we 're going to get going in the right direction , he 's going to be a part of it and we want to make sure we get them back on track . We think taking a little break , maybe getting that foot re-examined to make sure that there are no changes in how they have healed to this point . ''
Santana threw 59 pitches over 3 1/3 innings in a Tuesday start for Class A Fort Myers , allowing one run and two hits , in their second minor league rehab start with Class A Fort Myers at Clearwater .
Molitor said they are pulling Santana off their rehab because they are dealing with swelling .
`` We want to get them back to the surgeon and make sure that we 're doing the right things as far as how we 're bringing them along , '' Molitor said .
`` We 're going to get it examined again , get some more pictures and see , and put together some kind of plan again over the next 10 days and see where it takes us , but I do n't know exactly how it 's going to go . I think it 'll somewhat be determined by what we learn getting it re-examined . ''
Santana went 16-8 with a 3.28 ERA in 33 starts last season . The 35-year-old is in the final year of a four-year $ 55 million contract with the Twins .
Minnesota recalled right-hander Aaron Slegers from Triple-A Rochester , where they were 5-2 with a 3.27 ERA . The 6-foot-10 rookie went 0-1 with a 6.46 ERA in four appearances last year with the Twins .
___
For more AP baseball coverage : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By The Associated Press
Traditional December schedule
By Diana McFarland
Managing editor
Isle of Wight County Tourism officials have decided to return the Smithfield Christmas parade to the traditional second Saturday in December .
The parade will again be paired with the annual Kiwanis Breakfast with Santa on Dec. 9 .
The Christmas Evening Market will be held the night before the parade , Dec. 8 , from 6-9 p.m .
The return to the traditional schedule for the parade comes after two years of shifting December holiday events and schedules that , at times , had resulted in traffic snarls and general confusion .
Tourism has applied for those dates through the Smithfield Special Events Committee , according to Judy Winslow , director of tourism for Isle of Wight County .
“ It was reported last week that the iPhone 8 will come in a new copper gold color shade , alongside white and black , ” Chance Miller reports for 9to5Mac . “ Now , a post on Chinese social sharing site Weibo claims Apple 's name for the color will be ‘ Blush Gold . ' ”
“ Furthermore , the report claims that Apple will only offer the Blush Gold iPhone 8 in the 64GB and 128GB capacities , ” Miller reports . “ The rumor was shared on Twitter by Benjamin Geskin , who cites a post on Weibo from a ‘ Foxconn insider . ' ”
Recently , KGI Securities analyst “ Ming-Chi Kuo claimed that the iPhone 8 will come in three color choices including copper gold , white , and black , ” Miller reports .
Foxconn 's internal name of the new # iPhone8 color is `` Blush Gold '' ( 腮红金 )
Barcode says `` Blush Gold 64GB / 128GB '' pic.twitter.com/MZPTfVAr2P — Benjamin Geskin ( @ VenyaGeskin1 ) August 12 , 2017
Read more in the full article here .
RIVERVIEW , Fla. ( AP ) - Deputies responding to a call about shots fired in Florida found a man running through a burning house where a woman and two children had been attacked .
A Hillsborough County Sheriff 's statement says the woman and a young girl were fatally shot and a young boy was hospitalized with life-threatening injuries .
The man , they said , was initially cooperative but turned combative after deputies confronted him .
Deputies first spotted the woman dead outside a neighbor 's front door early Monday in Riverview , near Tampa . Then they saw the flames next door , and found the other victims inside . They said the girl was about 9 and appeared to have died of upper-body wounds . The boy was about 11 .
The sheriff 's statement says deputies believe all involved are in custody .
Consumer Reports have given Tesla 's Model 3 its coveted recommendation , this after Tesla performed an over the air update to the braking system
DENTS RUN , Pa. ( AP ) - The FBI has come up empty at the rural Pennsylvania site where Civil War gold is rumored to be buried .
State officials and members of a treasure-hunting group joined the FBI at the site where local lore has it a gold shipment was lost or hidden during the 1863 Battle of Gettysburg .
The FBI said in a statement Monday night that it conducted a `` court-authorized excavation '' at Dents Run , a heavily forested area about 135 miles ( 217 kilometers ) northeast of Pittsburgh .
The FBI is n't confirming that its dig had anything to do with the legendary Civil War treasure . But the agency says it did n't find whatever it was looking for .
The FBI wo n't release additional details , saying the dig was related to an `` ongoing investigation . ''
Since Hurricane Maria , people in Puerto Rico have been without easy access to electricity , clean drinking water , or food . Many are still staying in shelters ; some are living in the ruins of their homes . The once-lush green trees were stripped bare and uprooted .
But all is not lost .
There are two quintessential Puerto Rican sounds that survived :
One is the plaintive song of the tiny coqui frog .
The other is the improvised Afro-Puerto Rican call-and-response musical tradition known as Plena .
Last Sunday , a group of musicians gathered in Calle Loiza , a San Juan neighborhood known for African-inspired folklore . The annual Calle Loiza festival had been cancelled because of the hurricane , but they did n't let that stop them from parading through the streets , playing hand drums and singing plenas .
`` It 's very , very Puerto Rican , '' says Emanuel Santana , a singer with the bands Plena Libre and Viento de Agua . `` Every time a Puerto Rican hears the drums called panderos , you can have them come down in tears in a time like this . Of course , there 's no electricity to even hear music . You have no MP3s right now . So we 're back to basics . ''
The musicians traveled down the sidewalk , stopping at the few bars that have managed to open and are operating on generators . Along the way , they attracted followers who sang along .
Leading the group was Hector Matos - known as `` Tito '' Matos - a Grammy nominee born in Santurce , and one of Puerto Rico 's best known pleneros . They drum and sings plenas about the love they have for the island .
`` Love Mother Earth , respect of nature , you know , environment , '' they say , with their three-year-old son at their side . `` Trying to use the moment to also teach the young generation these hurricanes are coming faster , bigger and stronger than ever , and that 's because of us . ''
Matos is a member of the New York band Los Pleneros de la 21 and founder of Viento de Agua . He 's recorded and toured with well-known musicians Eddie Palmieri , David Sanchez and Ricky Martin . They also own a restaurant in Calle Loiza called La Junta . The wooden building was demolished in the hurricane . After the storm , it was vandalized .
`` I have to deal with the issues of the hurricane and also go back every day to try to salvage some stuff , '' they say . `` But look at my face : we are happy . I mean , we are alive . All my family members are fine and well . And we can rebuild . ''
Even as Puerto Ricans continue to struggle to recover from the storm , Matos says they and their pleneros want to bring them a little joy with the music .
`` We 're all on standby , '' says Missy Adamus , a chef at La Junta . They say they are trying to rebuild the restaurant , their homes , their lives . But at least they still have their music .
`` Music has brought back to life what was dead in Calle Loiza , '' they say .
Plenas are sometimes known as `` singing newspapers , '' giving the latest updates on what people are feeling and the news of the day . The headline of this week 's plenas was about the devastation of Hurricane Maria .
Winding through the neighborhood streets , they sing about resilience : `` Our plena , our song , our music , is stronger - our community is stronger than Maria . ''
Video : Westporters Rally Following Charlottesville Violence
Several dozen persons took part today in a demonstration on the Ruth Steinkraus Cohen Bridge in Westport 's center following the Charlottesville , Virginia clashes between white nationalists and protesters . ICT4 video
MACHINE AGE : London 's Dulwich Picture Gallery marked its 200th anniversary with a party where Florence & The Machine performed for guests including Stephen Jones , Susie Cave , Nicole Farhi , Laura Bailey and Alison Jackson .
The gallery also used the milestone to tap emerging Camberwell architects IF_DO , the London Festival of Architecture and Almacantar to create the first Dulwich summer pavilion , a temporary structure .
“ It is such a poetic and lyrical building , ” said Jennifer Scott , Sackler director of Dulwich Picture Gallery , describing the boxy structured made from mirrored panels that can be moved around . The mirrors also reflect Dulwich garden and the gallery .
“ It respects the great architecture of the past . But , in particular , the use of mirrors and the title of the work , ‘ After Image ' tie in with the theme of memory . The mirrors allow us to see the building through its reflection and reminds people that we are a real destination for great art . ”
Florence Welch , dressed in a red chiffon floral , vintage Yves Saint Laurent dress , performed “ Ship to Wreck , ” “ Dog Days are Over ” and “ How Big , How Blue , How Beautiful . ”
Evelyn Welch , the musician 's mother and chair of Dulwich Picture Gallery 's trustees , said this was the only performance that Florence was doing this year . “ We kept it really , really low-key , ” they said .
The singer encouraged the guests “ to put their phones in their pocket ” and embrace the summer party in the moment . They also recalled their memories of the gallery , and how they have “ plundered the art world ” for their lyrics . Them song “ Dog Days are Over ” was inspired by Ugo Rondinone 's sign of the same name .
Stephen Jones wore a creamy white beret and a pinstripe Thom Browne suit and carried a red Comme des Garçons messenger bag . “ It is the oldest gallery in the U.K . I think it is really beautiful and magical . It 's perfect .
“ Being a hatmaker , you 're always working against gravity , and the [ architects ] work against gravity , too , but in the most magical way . It is the right size and it 's really light and delicate , ” they said of the pavilion .
In few weeks ' time , Jones will be showcasing their collaborations with Gosha Rubchinskiy and Dior at the Paris Couture .
SEATTLE ( AP ) — A man who was brought to the U.S. illegally as a child but was protected from deportation by the Obama administration has been taken into custody in the Seattle area in what could be the first case of its kind in the country .
Northwest Immigrants Rights Project Legal Director Matt Adams told The Associated Press Tuesday that 23-year-old Daniel Ramirez Medina was arrested Friday by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents . Adams says they believe the young man was apprehended by mistake .
Adams says agents were at the Seattle home to arrest the man 's father and that they took both men into custody . Ramirez Medina has a work permit under Obama 's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program . He 's being held in Tacoma .
Adams says the man is the first person they know of with DACA status who has been detained .
TAMPA , Fla. ( AP ) - A Florida police officer has been shot and wounded while serving an arrest warrant at the home of a man facing charges for making violent threats to their family .
Tampa police announced on social media that Officer Richard Lehr was released from a hospital Monday afternoon .
Police say Lehr and Officer Leigh Smith were serving the warrant at an apartment complex early Monday morning when 35-year-old Walter Richard Jeziorski opened fire .
Tampa police Chief Brian Dugan pointed to `` mental health issues , '' adding that the shooting is an example of what `` officers deal with every day . ''
Jeziorski surrendered to police shortly after the shooting . They had several previous arrests on charges that include battery and domestic violence . It 's not clear whether Jeziorski has a lawyer .
Jordan Armenise
From Hamilton , Ontario , Canada , Jordan Armenise began their sports broadcasting journey with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League . It was in this role where they were able to merge their best attributes : sports knowledge and personality . While with the Ticats , Jordan provided live analysis and interviews while developing a digital portfolio of one-on-one interviews , episodic sports comedy and full length sports & news features . They have also worked with CBC Sports for Hockey Night in Canada , the 2014 Sochi Olympics and Special Olympics as well as roles with Cineflix and Cream Productions as an Assistant Director .
Oakland tells homeless to move from Lake Merritt as NBA finals start
Photo : Matier & Ross / Andy Ross/SF Chronicle Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Image 1 of 4 Oakland prepares to discard homeless belongings at of Lake Merritt on Wednesday as part of a clean up in advance of the NBA finals . Oakland prepares to discard homeless belongings at of Lake Merritt on Wednesday as part of a clean up in advance of the NBA finals . Photo : Matier & Ross / Andy Ross/SF Chronicle Image 2 of 4 A stuffed animal amid personal belongings left behind by the homeless at Lake Merritt in Oakland . The city was clearing the park Wednesday ahead of Oakland hosting its fourth consecutive NBA championship . A stuffed animal amid personal belongings left behind by the homeless at Lake Merritt in Oakland . The city was clearing the park Wednesday ahead of Oakland hosting its fourth consecutive NBA championship . Photo : Matier & Ross / Andy Ross/SF Chronicle Image 3 of 4 Manuel Sanchez , 40 , prepares to move from their camp at Lake Merritt . The city of Oakland gave them until Wednesday to leave , as it cleans up area ahead of Oakland hosting NBA championship starting this week . Manuel Sanchez , 40 , prepares to move from their camp at Lake Merritt . The city of Oakland gave them until Wednesday to leave , as it cleans up area ahead of Oakland hosting NBA championship starting this week . Photo : Matier & Ross / Andy Ross/SF Chronicle Image 4 of 4 The charred remains of a burned homeless camp site at Lake Merritt . The city is cleaning up the area in preparation for hosting the NBA finals -- and possibly a championship parade and rally . The charred remains of a burned homeless camp site at Lake Merritt . The city is cleaning up the area in preparation for hosting the NBA finals -- and possibly a championship parade and rally . Photo : Matier & Ross / Andy Ross/SF Chronicle Oakland tells homeless to move from Lake Merritt as NBA finals start 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
Oakland is dolling itself up to host the NBA championship , and nowhere is that more evident than at Lake Merritt — where weeds are being pulled , the homeless are being cleared out and the Warriors are planning to host a big pre-series party Wednesday night at the Beach Chalet restaurant .
Even ESPN is getting into the act , setting up at the Beach Chalet for a series of live TV shows starting Thursday morning . The Golden State Warriors will face the Cleveland Cavaliers that evening in game one of the seven-game series .
“ They 're trying to clean up everywhere — mostly where the homeless are , ” said one city worker pulling weeds near Lakeside Drive on the lake 's eastern side .
In fact , one homeless camper , Manual Sanchez , 40 , who said they were among the dozens displaced from a San Pablo halfway house where four people died in a suspicious fire last year , said the police gave them until Wednesday to move out of the space they have occupied on the lake 's edge for the past six months .
“ It 's been a blessing — prime real estate , ” Sanchez said , sitting amid a clutter of personal belongings . “ Everyday , I wake up from this ( scenic ) angle . ”
Sanchez is n't sure where he 'll go during NBA hullabaloo , but has their eye on a “ back trail ” on the other side of the park .
Meanwhile , stacks of unattended homeless belongings still littered the lakeside Wednesday morning . City workers tell us the owners had been warned to clear everything by Wednesday 's deadline or it will be hauled off and dumped .
As for ESPN , a company rep on site told us the sports network plans to go live from the Beach Chalet on Thursday , Friday and Monday mornings , with two shows — “ First Take ” and “ The Jump. ” Coverage may continue later next week , depending on how many games the series goes .
And while nobody wants to jinx the championship by talking about it , if the home team wins there 's little doubt Lake Merritt would once again take center stage as the site of another Warriors victory celebration presided over by Mayor Libby Schaaf .
“ We 're just excited the spotlight is on Oakland , and ca n't wait to show off our city , ” mayoral spokesperson Justin Berton said .
San Francisco Chronicle columnists Phillip Matier and Andrew Ross appear Sundays , Mondays and Wednesdays . Matier can be seen on the KPIX TV morning and evening news . They can also be heard on KCBS radio Monday through Friday at 7:50 a.m. and 5:50 p.m. Got a tip ? Call ( 415 ) 777-8815 , or email matierandross @ sfchronicle.com . Twitter : @ matierandross
The Defense Department claims it 's seeing major benefits from one of the flagship tenets of its Better Buying Power acquisition reforms .
A recent report to Congress ties lower contract costs , reduced cost overruns and arrested cost growth on major programs with Better Buying Power 's “ should cost ” initiative .
DoD added should cost to its arsenal of reforms more than five years ago when the department rolled out Better Buying Power .
The policy asks managers to set program cost targets below independent cost estimates . It then asks the heads of programs to manage with the intent to achieve those cost goals .
Advertisement
Should cost “ effects are necessarily idiosyncratic to individual program , commodity classes and services , ” the Nov. 3 , 2016 report from Defense Undersecretary for Acquisition , Technology and Logistics Frank Kendall states . Should cost “ management tasks each acquisition program manager to analyze , question and justify each element of program cost , showing how it might improve year-by-year through specific tangible cost reduction approaches . ”
Those approaches include engineering , manufacturing processes and business practices .
Now entering its fifth year of implementation , DoD stated 87 percent of its major acquisition programs developed should cost initiatives .
The report pointed to an increase in major programs projecting funding reductions as one way the policy is saving the Pentagon money .
Almost half of major programs project reductions in development prices in 2015 , that 's compared to 27 percent in 2009 .
Programs with procurement reductions also increased . Only 39 percent of programs projected reductions in 2009 ; that number rose to 77 percent in 2015 .
“ These results are tied to successful implementation of the Better Buying Power initiatives in which should cost management has played a major role , ” the report stated .
The Pentagon saw benefits in its average incremental cost growth on major programs . Median biennial cost growth since 2011 on major programs ran below 1 percent and development and production compared to highs near 6 percent in the early 2000s .
Median total production cost growth on the programs ran under 10 percent since 2010 and below 5 percent in 2015 . Those numbers reached as high as 30 percent in the early 2000s .
The report stated contract cost growth is at a new 30-year low of 3.5 percent .
Should cost “ techniques are driving significant efficiencies into the acquisition system from the bottom up by enabling individuals to creative identify new ways to save money , ” the report stated .
Should cost has come a long way since its early days .
Shay Assad , the DoD 's director of defense pricing , said in 2012 that instilling the idea of should-cost was the Pentagon 's biggest struggle .
“ We 're still stuck on ‘ does cost , ' and that 's a problem , ” they told a Coalition for Government Procurement conference Friday . “ It 's not just within the contracting officer community , it 's the program management community , the auditors ' community and the ( Defense Contract Management Agency ) price analyst community . We 've got to get people 's mindsets into what things should cost . Now , once we 've established what they should cost , the next question is whether or not industry can get there . Is there a reasonable path from what things presently do cost to what they should cost ? ”
The Air Force saw some of the biggest benefits from should cost . In 2015 , the service said it used should cost to cut programs ' actual cost by an estimated $ 2 billion .
The service 's program executive officer for weapons cut $ 567 million in projected spending for contracts scheduled to deliver between 2013 and 2020 . Of that money cut , $ 350 million went back into the Air Force 's broader acquisition budget , but the Air Force allowed the PEO to use the rest to buy larger quantities of systems it already had on contract , including thousands of missiles , bombs and targets that had n't previously fit in the budget .
“ They did a series of best practices across various programs , including increasing competition , data driven decisions — which means using actuals — and bundling contracts into larger buys , ” said Bill LaPlante , then-assistant secretary of the Air Force for acquisition . “ This is real money that was turned back to the Air Force and to the warfighter in terms of capabilities . It 's a lot of hard work going on that 's really not being noticed , and it 's mitigating the really tough budget situation we 're in . ”
Probiotics Gummies Market is estimated to grow at a substantial CAGR in the years to come . The statement delivers a general idea of the Probiotics Gummies business together with description , consortium , application and the arrangement of the business sequence . In addition to expansion strategies and policies are talk over , along with production procedure and price configurations . Furthermore , the Probiotics Gummies business expansion tendencies and supporting networks are investigated .
View Full Report with TOC @ https : //www.millioninsights.com/industry-reports/probiotics-gummies-market
The Key Factor That Drives the Growth of Probiotics Gummies Market Research Report by Trends , Applications , Analysis , Growth , and Forecast : 2017 to 2026
Top Key Manufacturers of Probiotics Gummies market are : -
Renew Life
Jarrow Formulas
Rainbow Light
Culturelle
Aqua Flora
Olly
Airborne
Probiotics Gummies Market by Product Type :
Digestive Support
Immune Support
Probiotics Gummies Market by Applications :
Child
Adult
Geographical Analysis of Probiotics Gummies Market : -
North America
Europe
China
Japan
Southeast Asia
India
The Probiotics Gummies Business statement concentrates on the most important motivators and limitations for the important companies . The statement concentrates on the Probiotics Gummies in international market , particularly in North America , Europe , Asia-Pacific , Middle East & Africa and South America . This statement classifies the market on the source of companies , areas , category and use .
The division of the international Probiotics Gummies Market on the source of Type of Product spans Immune Support and Digestive Support . The division of the international Probiotics Gummies Market on the source of Type of End Use with reference to intake in terms of Trades , Market stake and Development percentage of Probiotics Gummies for the respective end use spans For Adult and for Child .
The division of the international Probiotics Gummies Market on the source of Area with respect to Trades in terms of intake , Profits , Market stake and Development percentage of Probiotics Gummies spans North America [ The U.S. , Canada , and Mexico ] , Europe [ U.K. , France , Germany , Italy , and Russia ] , Asia-Pacific [ Japan , China , India , South Korea , and Southeast Asia ] , and Middle East & Africa , and South America .
Request a Sample Copy of This Report @ https : //www.millioninsights.com/industry-reports/probiotics-gummies-market/request-sample
Get in touch
At A Million Insights , we work with the aim to reach the highest levels of customer satisfaction . Our representatives strive to understand diverse client requirements and cater to the same with the most innovative and functional solutions .
Contact Person :
Ryan Manuel
Research Support Specialist , USA
Email : ryan @ millioninsights.com
A Million Insights
Office No . 302 , 3rd Floor , Manikchand Galleria ,
Model Colony , Shivaji Nagar , Pune , MH , 411016 India
tel : 91-20-65300184
Email : sales @ millioninsights.com
Visit Our Blog : www.millioninsights.blogspot.com
Israel has moved to ban the entry of Indonesian tourists , in retaliation for Jakarta suspending visas for Israelis in the aftermath of the massacre in Gaza last week .
Indonesia strongly condemned Israel 's brutal actions against Palestinians during recent border protests held to mark 70 years since the Nakba , when nearly one million Palestinians were forced out of their homes to make way for the creation of the state of Israel .
An earlier statement from the Israeli Foreign Ministry spokesperson Emmanuel Nahshon said that Israel was trying to reverse Indonesia 's decision , but such efforts seem to have failed , prompting a reciprocal ban .
There are no diplomatic relations between Israel and Indonesia , but the two countries maintain economic ties so Israelis can visit the Asian country using temporary or business visas . Earlier this month , reports surfaced that Indonesia was considering issuing tourist visas to Israeli citizens , prior to their complete suspension .
Every year tens of thousands of Muslims , including groups from Indonesia , enter Israel to visit Al-Aqsa Mosque , under a special visa .
In 2015 , Israel 's Economy Ministry reported on a significant increase in trade between the two countries , which then stood at about $ 500 million annually . Indonesia 's main exports to Israel included raw materials such as plastic , wood , coal , textiles and palm oil .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has previously called for Indonesia to establish formal ties , and the Foreign Ministry revealed in 2016 that Israeli officials had been conducting secret meetings with contacts “ in an attempt to improve the ties between the nations ” .
The Indonesian public have strongly supported the Palestinian cause and the country witnessed numerous demonstrations earlier this month in protest of US President Donald Trump 's decisionto move the American embassy to Jerusalem .
The Mall of America has 520 stores , 18,000 parking spaces , shark tanks and amusement park rides . Starting today , it also has a poet .
Twenty-seven-year-old Brian Sonia-Wallace beat out 4,000 others for a shot at the Mall of America writer in residence position , celebrating the Bloomington , Minnesota , mall 's 25th birthday .
Here & Now ‘ s Robin Young talks with Sonia-Wallace ( @ RentPoet ) about the unusual residency , and what they intend to do .
Game wardens confirm the body of a man who went missing on Lake Fork this weekend has been recovered .
Game Warden Quint Balkcom said that the body of Danny Frank Christian of Yantis was recovered at about 9 p.m. Texas Game Wardens and Quitman Fire Department worked together on the recovery effort . Balkcom said that the family of the victim has been notified .
Texas Parks and Wildlife Game Warden Kurt Kelley had confirmed Monday morning that the man was reported missing to them Sunday around 4:45 p.m. in the Birch Creek area . Their boat was left in neutral and they were nowhere to be found .
Wood County Game Wardens searched the area until sundown . The search resumed Monday morning on FM 514 in Yantis , on Lake Fork .
Balkcom tells KLTV that it is believed that Christian fell out of their boat yesterday afternoon . The boat was discovered in a cove this morning , upright . Christian 's personal items were found inside the watercraft .
Christian 's body has been sent for an autopsy .
Balkcom says this is the second boating recovery effort this month .
Copyright 2017 KLTV . All rights reserved .
CHEYENNE , Wyo . ( AP ) — The market for a peculiar type of clay is looking up thanks to improved prospects for oil and gas drilling and to cat owners who use the stuff to soak up their pets ' business .
Over 90 percent of all bentonite mined in the U.S. and almost half worldwide comes from beds of ancient volcanic ash in Wyoming . Some call bentonite the mineral of 1,000 uses : It clarifies wine and other alcoholic beverages , forms an impervious liner to keep landfills from leaking , removes ink during paper recycling , and goes into a slew of homeopathic remedies .
But two of the biggest uses are in kitty litter and drilling mud , the goop pumped down oil and gas wells during drilling to keep the bit cool and carry cuttings to the surface .
As the oil and gas industry 's fortunes rise and fall , so can bentonite 's . Over the past two years , bentonite mining companies that do a lot of business with the oilfield services industry suffered while the oil and gas industry experienced its worst slump in 20 years or more .
Advertisement
Now , oil and gas prices have recovered somewhat , and petroleum companies look to drill more soon . Bentonite sales likewise show new signs of life , said Rick Magstadt , vice president of manufacturing for bentonite miner Wyo-Ben Inc .
“ I 'm not going to hex it by saying that I think it 's going to be a lot better , but we expect a better year than we did last year , ” Magstadt said .
Bentonite assists drilling because of a property called thixotropy , which causes drilling mud to liquefy in the friction of drilling and solidify when the motion stops .
Cat litter has helped the industry ride out the oil and gas downturn , said Wyoming Mining Association Executive Director Travis Deti .
“ The pet litter industry has been very steady , ” Deti said . “ That 's a remarkable thing that I do n't think people realize . We 're kind of like the pet litter capital of the world . ”
Drilling mud accounts for the largest portion of Wyo-Ben 's business , while kitty litter and environmental lining round out the company 's top three markets , Magstadt said .
Other bentonite mining and processing companies focus almost exclusively on kitty litter , and business has been steady , said Tom Thorson , president of Black Hills Bentonite , which gets 80 to 90 percent of its business from Clorox and other companies that make kitty litter .
Bentonite kitty litter is n't terribly kind to the environment because it comes from surface mines and flushing the stuff , which can absorb up to 10 times its weight in water and swell up to 16 times its original size , is n't a good idea . Bentonite-based kitty litter — millions of tons a year — takes up space in landfills and does n't decompose .
But alternatives , such as corn-based litter , have n't really caught on despite growing demand for environmentally friendly pet products , said Shannon Brown , an analyst with the market research firm Packaged Facts .
Cat owners often find that biodegradable kitty litters , which can be quite a bit more expensive , does n't work as well as bentonite-based litters , they said .
“ They either do n't like them or their cats do n't like them . And so , in many cases , people will try them and then just go back to their standard , clay litter , ” Brown said .
Nationwide , sales of kitty litter approached $ 2.9 billion last year . Three-quarters of cat owners buy kitty litter and three-quarters of those buy clay clumping kitty litter , according to Packaged Facts .
Recently the U.S. Bureau of Land Management approved Wyo-Ben 's plans to expand a bentonite pit near Thermopolis in north-central Wyoming . It was a rare bit of good news for Wyoming 's mining industry , hit hard by a downturn in coal and a recent BLM coal-leasing moratorium .
Wyoming , the top coal-mining state , produces about as much coal in four days as the state 's nine bentonite mines do all year . The 4.3 million tons of bentonite mined nationwide last year was down 10 percent from the year before , according to the U.S. Geological Survey .
Bentonite mining and processing continues to employ almost 700 people in Wyoming , thanks in no small part to cat owners .
“ It does n't sound that sexy , but it 's good for business , ” Magstadt said .
___
Follow Mead Gruver at https : //twitter.com/meadgruver
When Mike Trout went on the disabled list May 29 with a torn ligament in their left thumb , the Los Angeles Angels were 26-27 and seemingly in a lot of trouble .
When they came back after the All-Star break , they were 45-47 — and had avoided a crisis .
Now Los Angeles has won six games in a row , and if the season ended now , the Angels would be the American League 's second wild card . That 's partly because the bar is low — it does n't take much to contend for a wild card in the AL these days — but Los Angeles is above .500 now , and if Trout 's team does manage to make the postseason , that 39-game stretch when the Angels treaded water without their franchise player will have been crucial .
“ The first half we had a lot of gaps in our game . Our offense was trying to get together , ” manager Mike Scioscia said . “ Our bullpen has been pretty consistent all year . ”
Sometimes , all it takes is one impressive run to put a team in postseason contention . The St. Louis Cardinals have scuffled for much of the season , but they find themselves only one game behind the first-place Cubs in the NL Central , thanks to an eight-game winning streak that ended Sunday .
The Angels ( 61-58 ) and Cardinals ( 61-57 ) have similar records , and the question is whether this week was a fleeting high point for those teams or a sign that they 'll be heard from down the stretch . Since Trout came back , Los Angeles is 16-11 . The 26-year-old outfielder is having another tremendous season , despite all the missed games . He 's hitting .341 with 23 home runs , 55 RBIs and an OPS of 1.158 .
Scioscia has credited their team 's defense , and the Angels have a brilliant shortstop in Andrelton Simmons . Yusmeiro Petit and Blake Parker have pitched well in relief . So did David Hernandez , but they were traded to Arizona just before the July 31 deadline .
When Hernandez was dealt , the Angels were four games under .500 and 5 ½ games out of the nearest playoff spot . Two weeks later , their outlook has certainly changed .
Some other developments from around baseball :
REBUILDING
It has been a slow start with the bat for Yoan Moncada , an infield prospect the White Sox received when they sent Chris Sale to Boston in the offseason . The 22-year-old Moncada is hitting .205 in 22 games with Chicago this year .
Thursday night was more encouraging , however . Moncada hit a tying homer in the ninth inning and drove in the winning run with an 11th-inning single in a victory over Houston . The White Sox , who have the worst record in the AL , swept three straight games from the team with the best .
HIGHLIGHT
Adam Engel , another young Chicago player , made a leaping catch at the fence to take a home run away from Houston 's Brian McCann on Tuesday night . A fan with a glove was reaching over for the ball , only to have it snatched away by Engel in spectacular fashion .
LINES OF THE WEEK
Two top contenders for the AL Cy Young Award added to their resumes Tuesday night . Sale allowed two hits and struck out 13 in eight innings , leading Boston to a 2-0 win over Tampa Bay . Meanwhile , Cleveland 's Corey Kluber pitched a three-hitter , striking out 11 in a 4-1 victory over Colorado .
If the season ended now , the Red Sox and Indians would face each other in an AL Division Series .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
___
Follow Noah Trister at www.Twitter.com/noahtrister
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
`` It 's a great opportunity for the kids just to see me and work with me , so every time I have an invitation usually I go to the people and try to help as much as I can , '' said Dimitri Bilozerchev .
Meet Dimitri Bilozerchev the two-time world all around gymnastic champion and three-time Olympic champion from Russia .
`` Now to the end ... Watch . They start a flare and begins to travel across the horse with the flare and work their way back with the same flare , '' said announcer .
Bilozerchev is in Dunmore for the next two weeks training the next generation of gymnasts at the United Sports Academy .
`` We 'll the most important is trying to focus on what you are doing and if you are doing something make sure that you are doing it precisely and pay attention to details , '' said Dimitri .
`` I 've learned loads of stuff from him . It 's incredible how much my gymnastics has improved since he 's been here , '' said Mackenzie Black .
`` It 's a lot of techniques and strategies to do things . It 's really neat to get a different perspective on things , '' said Adeline Rieder .
`` He 's been really helping me on bars on my technique and form and they are a super nice coach , '' said Taylor Osterhout .
Bilozerchev won five gold medals in the 1984 Friendship games but then shattered their leg in 41 places the next year in a violent car crash . In 1987 they rebounded to become a World Champion and followed it up with three gold medals at the Olympics in Seoul in 1988 .
`` He 's been working a lot on technique and form and kind of different perspective on things , and just a lot of help in general on all skills , '' said Donna Howell .
`` It 's so inspiring because you look at them today and you would never think that they went all that they went through and it 's just amazing , '' again said Adeline .
We 'll like most of the girls here at United Sports Academy in Dunmore Dimitri started their training in Russia at a very young age . When they were only 8 they started training gymnastics while most of their friends we 're playing hockey .
`` We 'll it was something when I walk through the gym I see lots of activity . Lot of different events , and I love trampoline and I love to jump from the trampoline into the pits and that hooked me up right away , '' again said Dimitri .
Bilozerchev lives in Russia now and runs their own gymnastics academy . Steve Lloyd reporting for Newswatch 16 sports in Lackawanna County .
Posted by admin on February 15 , 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment .
The report analyses the global protein supplements market by source , raw material , product , distribution channel and application . By source the market is further segmented into animal based and plant based . Animal based protein supplements was the dominant segment due to easy availability and presence of high nutritional value . Plant based protein supplements is expected to grow at higher CAGR during the forecast period .
By raw material the global protein supplements market is bifurcated into whey , casein , soy , pea and others ( egg protein , wheat , rice , canola and collagen ) . Whey was the fastest growing raw material segment accounted for the highest CAGR . Pea raw material segment is expected to witness a growth in the forecast period followed by soy and casein
Download a sample copy of report @ https : //axiommrc.com/request-for-sample/ ? report=1684
The Global protein supplement market is forecast to grow at a CAGR 6.0 % to 7.0 % during the forecast period 2018-2024 . The growth of the market can be attributed to rising awareness about the benefits of including healthy diet & exercise and the growing demand for higher protein density in mainstream diet . Rising health awareness among the consumers drives the growth of the industry . The growing demand for fitness supplements from consumers and athletes is expected to fuel market growth over the forecast period . The major restrain for the global protein supplements market is availability of cheap substitutes of protein supplements along with negative publicity & false claims affect the reputation of the protein supplement industry .
The global Protein Supplements Market Is Segmented on the Basis Of by Geography :
By geography protein supplements market is studied across the countries of key regions such as , North America , Europe , Asia Pacific and Middle East & Africa . North America comprises United States , Canada and Mexico whereas Europe would primarily cover Germany , France , UK , Italy and Rest of Europe . The key countries included under Asia Pacific are China , Japan , India , Australia , and Rest of Asia Pacific . In the Middle East & Africa , South Africa and Rest of MEA are the key countries covered in the report .
North America is expected to be the largest region in terms of market share in protein supplements market which is then followed by Europe . The primary factor driving the market growth in North America and Europe is the growing demand for fitness supplements from consumers and athletes .
Get more details about this Report @ https : //axiommrc.com/speak-to-analyst/ ? report=1684
Protein Supplements Market Is Led by Leading Manufacturers :
 Abbott Laboratories
 Hormel ( CytoSport )
 Transparent Labs
 The Nature 's Bounty Co
 NOW Foods
 JYM Supplement Science
 RSP Nutrition
 Nutrabolt
 BPI Sports LLC
 Glanbia Plc
 Forever Living Inc
 Melaleuca Inc
 Dymatize Enterprises LLC
 DSM , Amway Corp
 GlaxoSmithKline
Further Reading Tokyo 42 review : A beautiful isometric action game that misses the mark The game industry is n't a stranger to accusations that a new game is just a lightly reskinned clone of another title . But there 's that , and then there 's the `` cloning '' debate surrounding Tokyo 42 and its alleged inspiration , a 30-year-old ZX Spectrum and PC game called Tokyo 41 .
As manufactured controversies go , this one leaves a lot to be skeptical of . As clever marketing plans go , though , it 's an interesting public performance that touches on some real issues in modern gaming .
The first mention of a game called Tokyo 41 anywhere on the Internet seems to have come from a Twitter account belonging to alleged developer Mark Followill . On the same day the account was created , Followill replied to Tokyo 42 publisher Mode 7 Games with a couple of CGA-style screenshots of Tokyo 41 . Those shots heavily resemble Tokyo 42 's isometric shooter gameplay despite Tokyo 41 allegedly being originally published in 1987 . `` It is clear that this game is strongly similar to my game Tokyo 41 which you are clearly aware of , '' Followill tweeted .
Over the weekend , Followill started up a WordPress blog and posted more details about Tokyo 41 's alleged history , including a video of an alleged updated and emulated version of the game . Followill writes of their frustration trying to get Mode 7 to acknowledge its debt to their earlier game :
Despite many efforts to contact the publishers and developers I have received no meaningful reply . The press has been silent on this matter , as 1980 's British game development has been forgotten amongst the corporatisation of computer games , a trend which drove me out of this vibrant creative area at the time . The legal protections for computer games are very poor , and my partner at Omen Barn Michael Hernandez has told me they are not interested in pursuing any claim against the perpetrators of this . Personally I would welcome any legal advice on this matter – I know there are many on the internet with far greater expertise than I .
Mode 7 Games ' Paul Kilduff-Taylor is publicly calling Tokyo 41 `` blatantly fake '' on Twitter , speculating that it could be `` some kind of elaborate trademark troll . '' This morning , they wrote that he 's `` not commenting on THE THING currently due to ADVICE but am I enjoying all of your viewpoints . ''
The `` developer '' speaks
How can Tokyo 41 have existed for 30 years without any mention by the hordes of classic PC gaming fans on the Internet ( or contemporary attention from the late '80s gaming press ) ? `` We sold games in local shops only and so they are not well recorded , with little information available on the internet , '' Followill said in response to an e-mail from Ars Technica . `` As I have said , I am looking to promote the work of such developers as ourselves if people will only listen to what I am actually saying instead of misquoting me etc . ''
Followill tells Ars they formed the Kent-based developer omen Barn ( yes , that 's company styling ) in the late '80s with partner Michael Hernandez . The company was `` named after a barn near our houses which we found to be particularly ominous in nature , '' they say . `` Barn is capitalised there as it was a big barn , also this was the fashion at the time . '' Tokyo 41 was `` inspired by my love of Tokyo and Japan which I established as a young boy , visiting the blossom season and having adventures with police , '' Followill says .
While the ZX Spectrum version is lost forever , Followill says , the footage they posted `` is based on an emulated version OF THE PC VERSION with MODERN SOUND And some changes . I am using basic hardware emulation techniques in a C++ wrapper I have written myself in order to run the DOS CGA version of the game , then on top of this I have added elements to present the game to a modern audience . ''
That supposedly explains why the video footage runs with better graphics and sound than would seemingly be possible on a 1987-era PC . But Followill says they ca n't share the emulated ROM publicly `` for obvious reasons - who knows what could happen to it as soon as it was released . After this controversy I do not want more exposure for the game . ''
An expert hoax
While the parties involved are doing a great job of staying in character , it should hopefully be clear by now that the story surrounding Tokyo 41 is an elaborate marketing hoax . The lack of any sort of contemporary paper trail or Internet memory of the game seems utterly implausible for a game that a Mode 7 developer would know enough about to steal . The `` emulated '' footage also seems much too sophisticated for a late '80s PC release in a number of ways ( `` some changes '' notwithstanding ) .
Followill 's relatively recent Internet presence and the timing of their accusations are suspicious enough , but if there 's still any doubt , the end of Followill 's e-mail to Ars reads like thinly veiled marketing copy for the `` copycat '' game he 's attacking . `` There is a lot of focus on me now and I will say that I only want recognition for my work , not to intefere [ sic ] with the forthcoming PlayStation 4 release of Tokyo 42 tomorrow , which as a fan of games I am looking forward to even though it will be bittersweet for me . '' While some in the indie game scene are playing along with the story on Twitter , many seem to be in on the joke .
So if this `` controversy '' is obviously fake , why even bother writing about it ? For one , it 's a fun twist on the trend of `` demaking '' a modern game by capturing its look or feel in a decidedly retro style . Recently , the demake trend led to a surprisingly playable 2D version of Breath of the Wild , but the concept can trace its roots back much further than that .
Further Reading Attacking the clones : indie game devs fight blatant rip-offs More than that , though , we respect the sheer audacity of play-acting this kind of scandal in such a blatant and public way , with tongue firmly in cheek . Yes , you could argue the Tokyo 41 hoax makes light of the very real issue of game cloning , which can be devastating when it actually happens to developers . There 's also a thin line between playful marketing hoax and actively misleading the public that Tokyo 41 straddles uncomfortably .
In many ways , though , the manufactured controversy resembles an alternate reality game , adding a layer of `` real world '' fiction that places layers on top of the self-contained in-game world . When a marketing plan is put together with such cleverness and care , it 's hard not to be charmed .
Listing image by Mark Followill
By Sue Pascoe
Editor
A lot of people go to movies for their entertainment , others prefer opera , dance or theater . Me , I just go to the Pacific Palisades Community Council meetings . They 're free , they take place twice a month ( most months ) , and the commute to the Palisades Library is easy .
May 10 was a particularly fun meeting with lots of drama . Tempers flared about the nominations presented for the upcoming executive board election , including the positions of president , vice president , treasurer and secretary .
One might think the Palisades Council is a democratic institution . That would be vaguely right . Even though this esteemed body has the ear of our City Councilman and regularly sends recommendations “ speaking for the community ” to various city officials , the election process is so convoluted , it makes the electoral college seem simple .
You say you do n't remember voting for the PPCC president last year ? You did not , and you also did not vote for the other three positions .
The Community Council ( which is not a city-certified Neighborhood Council ) is not required to follow the Brown Act , so none of its behind-the-scenes actions are ever made public . And since we in the Palisades are all so busy with our lives , there 's no reason we should have to be bothered with whatever this council discusses— even though the members speak for us .
How do you become president of the Community Council if residents ca n't vote for you ?
I 'd lie if I said , “ It 's simple , ” but stay with me , all good movies have subplots .
First , to be president you have to be a member of the PPCC , which is divided into eight areas . Each area has a representative elected by residents within their or their area . You can run for the Council only in the area in which you live . There 's also an at-large representative voted upon by everyone in town ( well , a few hundred residents who make the effort to vote ) .
The main drivers of this carbon capture and storage market are clean technologies , reduction of consumption of coal in emerging countries , technological advancements in manufacturing unit to reduced emission rates , renewable energy production and extensive implementation of CCS technology .
The ( CCS ) market is projected to rise at a CAGR of more than 8.0 % during the forecast period . The main reason behind the growth is the serious concern about the rising CO2 emission and the growing energy demands , among the government and societies , which ultimately drives the carbon capture and storage market .
The CCS market is further segmented on the basis of technology as pre combustion , post combustion and oxy fuel combustion , on the basis of applications as EOR , agriculture , and industrial , on the basis of end-use as iron steel , oil and gas , chemical and others and on the basis of regions as North America , Europe , Asia Pacific , and Rest of the World .
Get Sample Report for more Information @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1862
Industry Top Key Players : -
Fluor Corporation
Cansolv Technologies Inc
Dakota Gasification Company
Aker Solutions
Japan CCS
NRG Energy
The Linde Group
Chevron Corporation
Shell
1 Executive Summary
2 Scope Of The Report
2.1 Market Definition
2.2 Scope Of The Study
2.2.1 Definition
2.2.2 Research Objective
3 Market Landscape
3.1 Porter 's Five Forces Analysis
3.1.1 Threat Of New Entrants
3.1.2 Bargaining Power Of Buyers
4 Market Dynamics
4.1 Introduction
4.2 Market Drivers
To be continued… .
Browse Complete Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/carbon-capture-storage-market-1862
Regional Analysis : -
On the basis of application , EOR application is the best application because it is an excellent storage reservoir . Syndicate research and development is being done in this sector to capture and manage CO2 emissions , which ultimately reduces the climate risks .
On the basis of region , North America has the highest number of CCS projects . U.S. has 16 of the 22 operational or under construction projects and has the largest capture capacity , across the world . Once in operation , the capacity of these projects will be around ~40 million tons of carbon dioxide . For instance , Kemper County coal CCS plant in Mississippi would be a new power plant with pre combustion carbon capture . It will capture ~65 % of emission ( ~3.5 million tons per year ) .
HOUSTON ( AP ) — J.J. Watt is more than a little antsy .
After not playing football since Sept. 22 , the Houston Texans star was more excited than anyone for the start of offseason workouts Monday .
Sure , those workouts were simply conditioning and a chance to reconnect with teammates after the offseason . But after missing games for the first time in their six-year NFL career last season while recovering from back surgery , Watt relished the day .
“ You 're away from the game for a year , like I 've said many , many times before , it reaffirms how much you love it , how passionate you are about it , how badly you want to go out and play with your teammates and just enjoy the game , ” Watt said . “ I ca n't wait . ”
Advertisement
Watt , who was NFL Defensive Player of the Year in 2014 and '15 , missed training camp and Houston 's four preseason games after surgery in July to repair a herniated disk . The defensive end started the team 's first three regular-season games before reinjuring their back and undergoing season-ending surgery .
He 's healthy now , and although the season is still almost five months away , he 's already envisioning being back on the field .
“ My body feels really good , so I 'm really looking forward to this whole offseason process and OTAs and just getting back to just playing football , ” they said . “ I think that 's the biggest thing . I just want to play football . I ca n't wait to get back out there and play some ball . ”
Watt is a workout freak and has acknowledged they sometimes would do too much in their preparation for the season at the expense of their health . Now he 's learned that such tactics are n't healthy and even though they want to make sure he 's ready when the season begins , he 's learned to be smarter about their workouts .
“ I need to make sure that I balance myself and not get overly crazy in the offseason and things like that , ” they said . “ So I think it 's been a really good time for me . ”
Watt enjoyed watching Houston 's defense thrive last year despite their absence . They raved about the work the unit did in finishing the season ranked first in yards allowed . A big factor in the group 's success was the emergence of 2014 top overall pick Jadeveon Clowney .
“ It was a lot of fun to watch , ” Watt said . “ He obviously played very well and I think our whole defense played very well , and those guys — it was a lot of fun to watch them play , see them grow throughout the year , see them overcome a lot of adversity . ”
Though no one questions that Watt has established themselves as one of the top defensive players in the NFL , some wonder if he 'll be the same force who piled up 76 sacks . Watt has heard those whispers following two back surgeries , but does n't spend any time worrying about what outsiders think about him .
“ All I can do is give it everything I have every single day , whether it 's practice , meetings , or film , ” they said . “ I 'm going to give it everything I have . I 'm going to go out there , I 'm going to have fun . I 'm going to play the game the way I know how to play it , with energy , with enthusiasm , with excitement , rallying around teammates , having a lot of fun . Just enjoying football again . ”
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Electric Resistance Welding is abbreviated as ERW . It is used to transport vapor and liquid objects such as petroleum and gas , and meets various requirements of high and low pressure . It plays an important role in the world of transportation pipes .
1 . Welded pipe refers to ordinary submerged arc welded steel pipe . The electrical engineering uses SC to indicate that the pipe for water and gas is thicker than the pipe .
2. line pipe wire and tube is relatively thin with T to indicate that it can be used for threading pipe
3 . ERW tube high-frequency resistance welded steel pipe and ordinary welded pipe welding process welds from the steel strip body base material melting mechanical strength than the welded pipe
ERW means that resistance welding consumables have high production efficiency , low cost , material saving and easy self-adaptation . They are widely used in aviation , aviation , energy , electricity , automobile , light industry and other industrial sectors .
erw steel pipe and seamless steel pipe are different from ERW strip welds , and ERW steel pipe quality is the key to modern ERW steel pipe production process equipment . Its seaming has reached a satisfactory level , solving the ERW steel pipe seaming , geometric seaming , physical seaming , and geometric seaming . The inner and outer burrs of the ERW steel pipe are removed , and the inner burr removal system structure is continuously improved to improve the diameter . The burr removal in the steel pipe is controlled to be about 0.2 mm~0.5 mm .
ERW steel pipe adopts hot-rolled coil as raw material , and the wall thickness is evenly controlled by ±0.2mm . The second end of steel pipe is based on the American APl standard or GB/T9711.1 standard , and the trimming of the slope is fixed . In recent years , various gas network engineering gas companies have widely used it as the main steel pipe of urban pipe network .
Share . Guess who 's back ? Guess who 's back ?
During Geoff Johns ' panel at New York Comic Con , they revealed that a major Watchmen character will be returning for Doomsday Clock , a 12-issue event comic that sees the Watchmen come to the DC Universe for the first time .
Warning : this article contains spoilers for Doomsday Clock !
The returning character is masked vigilante Rorschach .
Rorschach died at the end of the original Watchmen story by Alan Moore and Dave Gibbons after they refused to keep Ozymandias ' plan a secret , provoking Doctor Manhattan to vaporize him . Doomsday Clock is a sequel to Watchmen , so their return obviously raises a lot of questions . Did Rorschach somehow survive ? Was they resurrected ? For a character who died such an iconic and meaningful death , is it even right to bring them back ?
The big reveal came when Johns showed the first six pages to Doomsday Clock , which you can view by clicking through the slideshow gallery below .
Doomsday Clock Images 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 12 Art by Gary Frank . ( DC Comics ) 01 12 Art by Gary Frank . ( DC Comics ) Doomsday Clock Images Download Image Captions ESC
Other interesting bits of information revealed include…
The story starts in 1992 , seven years after the events of Watchmen . The narrator is n't sure if it 's November 22nd or the 23rd , showing that he 's an unreliable narrator .
Rorschach says that god left but they need to be brought back down , referring to how Doctor Manhattan left Earth at the end of Watchmen , and now they want to bring them back . We of course know that Doctor Manhattan has been off meddling with the DC Universe , as implied in DC Universe : Rebirth # 1 and follow-up stories like The Button and The Oz Effect .
It looks like Rorschach mailing their journal to a news organization before they died at the end of Watchmen had the desired effect , because “ The Great Lie , ” as a newspaper headline calls it , of Ozymandias ' master plan was revealed to the public . Rioters are shown breaking into Adrian Veidt 's office building and the news says he 's a wanted man on the run for murdering 3 million people .
With Veidt 's plan to unite the world against a falsified common enemy a failure , the world 's superpowers are threatening war . Playing into the idea of the Doomsday Clock ticking towards midnight , Russia has invaded Poland , North Korea has the capability to send missiles as far inland as Texas , and the American President has disappeared , last seen playing a game of golf . All public news stations have been shut down and taken over by the government .
A group of Russian soldiers break into Veidt 's hidden base , Karnak , and we see a room with medical equipment . There 's an x-ray of someone with a brain tumor . Is Veidt sick ?
The news says that nuclear war is imminent . Prison guards are abandoning their posts , and one is grabbed by a prisoner , who knocks them out and reaches for their keys , only for Rorschach to grab them first . The prisoner opts to stay in their cell .
Doomsday Clock # 1 by Johns , Gary Frank and Brad Anderson releases on November 22 .
Joshua is IGN 's Comics Editor . If Pokémon , Green Lantern , or Game of Thrones are frequently used words in your vocabulary , you 'll want to follow them on Twitter @ JoshuaYehl and IGN .
A fond portrait of a good neighbor , Fred Rogers
Photo : Jim Judkis / Focus Features Image 1 of / 2 Caption Close Image 1 of 2 “ Wo n't You Be My Neighbor ” profiles Fred Rogers , creator of “ Mister Rogers ' Neighborhood. ” “ Wo n't You Be My Neighbor ” profiles Fred Rogers , creator of “ Mister Rogers ' Neighborhood. ” Photo : Jim Judkis / Focus Features Image 2 of 2 Fred Rogers with Daniel Tiger from their show “ Mister Rogers ' Neighborhood , ” from the film “ Wo n't You Be My Neighbor ? ” Fred Rogers with Daniel Tiger from their show “ Mister Rogers ' Neighborhood , ” from the film “ Wo n't You Be My Neighbor ? ” Photo : The Fred Rogers Co. A fond portrait of a good neighbor , Fred Rogers 1 / 2 Back to Gallery
If there ever was a personified salve to the chaos of our recent times , it might be Fred Rogers . Morgan Neville certainly thinks so .
It 's why the Oscar-winning filmmaker ( “ 20 Feet From Stardom ” ) made their new documentary — “ Wo n't You Be My Neighbor ? ” — to revisit a voice they say no longer exists in our culture when we perhaps need it most .
Mister Rogers , though , is gone . The Presbyterian minister and creator and host of the decades-long children 's television show “ Mister Rogers ' Neighborhood , ” known for its puppets and songs of unconditional acceptance , died in 2003 .
But their memory lives on , and the cultural figure they carved as the soft-spoken , cardigan-clad and saint-like model of humanity has perhaps only grown recently . Rogers and their vision of love and kindness have become revered as a sort of last glimmer of hope — the remaining voice of universal comfort , echoing from the dead , in a country racked by cultural and political turmoil .
That 's certainly what it feels like watching Neville 's appropriately sentimental film , which examines Rogers ' philosophy and their deep respect for children , channeled through the relatively young medium of television . Amid the standard talking heads , the film 's archival footage of Rogers in interviews and on their show often have a jarring effect ; there is a feeling of purity in the full-bodied warmth and caring emanating from Rogers that , in our current context , seems to have died with him .
“ Who are the people who really care ? ” Neville says on a Saturday morning at the Fairmont Hotel . “ Everybody is worrying about the next quarter or the next election cycle . Having that sense of unadulterated trust with somebody who you knew was n't trying to game you and has no other agenda ” — that is the rare feeling singular to Rogers and their memory .
The myriad anecdotes of them indicate as much . For a period , Rogers received more letters than anyone in the country , each of which they saved and personally responded to . The earliest seed of the film originates in a memory of Rogers ' empathy from cellist Yo-Yo Ma , who had worked with Neville on a documentary years earlier .
“ I happened to ask him , ‘ How did you figure out how to be a famous person ? ' ” Neville says . “ He said , ‘ Oh , Mr. Rogers taught me . ' And I kind of laughed , and they said , ‘ I 'm not kidding . ' ” Rogers , sensing the harsh light of fame thrust upon a former child prodigy , mentored Ma after they appeared on the “ Neighborhood . ”
In this way , Rogers ' palpable kindness inspires a distinctly visceral effect . At one point , the film shows a woman who 'd watched “ Mister Rogers ” as a child meeting the man and immediately bursting into tears , as if reverting back to their childish self . That infantilization , channeling our most vulnerable versions of ourselves , is a process Neville has seen time and time again in others while making and screening the film .
“ Most of us have a relationship with them that predates not only our adulthood , but really even our sense of self , ” Neville says . “ If the show is for 2- to 6-year-olds , then a lot of our relationship with them exists in our pre-memory . It exists in a place that is kind of subconscious . ”
It 's this Rogers effect that makes them such a uniquely powerful subject in divisive times , Neville says . “ When we watched ‘ Mister Rogers ' as kids , we were n't Republicans or Democrats . We had no labels to us . We were just children . ”
Yet as much as they embodied this form of transcendent altruism , the common misconception , one that the film dissects , is that Rogers existed on a separate plane . Rogers ' wife , Joanne , alluded to this when meeting with Neville to discuss rights , which had never been granted in such a way before this film .
“ As we were finishing our first meeting , they said , ‘ You know , do n't make Fred a saint , because they are n't one , ' ” Neville recalls . “ What I think they meant by that was , to think of Fred as a saintly person is to somehow absolve the rest of us from having to have a responsibility to live up to it . They worked hard at it , they struggled with it . ”
The film provides glimpses into self-doubt about Rogers ' own goodness and the mission of their show , which , in its radical lessons on topics like assassination ( responding to JFK 's murder ) , is shown to have been a carefully considered machine . Rogers met every week with a child development psychologist and would re-film sequences for old episodes to update innocent remarks they made that they worried were unattuned to changing social politics .
This level of self-scrutiny becomes an answer to an underlying question of the film : How would they respond to current times ?
A fundamentally optimistic person , Rogers would likely be disheartened — they already appeared to be in their later years — but would still want to understand and empathize , Neville says . The more important answer , though , might be in the audience .
“ The question I get a lot is , ‘ Well , who is the new Mr . Rogers ? ' And I think : There is no new Mr. Rogers , and there never will be , ” they say . “ Yet I feel like that thing they maybe left in the millions of us that watched them is the legacy of who they are today . That it 's us , and it 's up to us . ”
Brandon Yu is a Bay Area freelance writer .
Wo n't You Be My Neighbor ? ( PG-13 ) opens Friday , June 8 , in Bay Area theaters .
WASHINGTON , D.C. , May 30 , 2018 -- Nanoscientists at Northwestern University have developed a blueprint to fabricate new heterostructures from different types of 2-D materials . 2-D materials are single atom layers that can be stacked together like `` nano-interlocking building blocks . '' Materials scientists and physicists are excited about the properties of 2-D materials and their potential applications . The researchers describe their blueprint in the Journal of Applied Physics , from AIP Publishing .
`` We 've outlined an easy , deterministic and readily deployable way to stack and stitch these individual layers into orders not seen in nature , '' said Jeffrey Cain , an author on the paper who was formerly at Northwestern University but is now at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and the University of California .
Cain explained that for nanoscientists , `` the dream '' is to combine 2-D materials in any order and collate a library of these heterostructures with their documented properties . Scientists can then select appropriate heterostructures from the library for their desired applications . For instance , the computer industry is trying to make transistors smaller and faster to increase computing power . A nanoscale semiconductor with favorable electronic properties could be used to make transistors in next-generation computers .
So far , nanoscientists have lacked clear methods for fabricating heterostructures , and have not yet been able to develop this library . In this work , the scientists looked to solve these fabrication issues . After identifying trends in the literature , they tested different conditions to map out the different parameters required to grow specific heterostructures from four types of 2-D materials : molybdenum disulfide and diselenide , and tungsten disulfide and diselenide . To fully characterize the atomically thin final products , the scientists used microscopy and spectrometry techniques .
The group was inspired by the science of time-temperature-transformation diagrams in classical materials , which maps out heating and cooling profiles to generate precise metallic microstructures . Based on this method , the researchers packaged their findings into one diagrammatic technique -- the Time-Temperature-Architecture Diagram .
`` People had previously written papers for specific morphologies , but we have unified it all and enabled the generation of these morphologies with one technique , '' Cain said .
The unified Time-Temperature-Architecture Diagrams provide directions for the exact conditions required to generate numerous heterostructure morphologies and compositions . Using these diagrams , the researchers developed a unique library of nanostructures with physical properties of interest to physicists and materials scientists . The Northwestern University scientists are now examining the behaviors displayed by some materials in their library , like the electron flow across the stitched junctions between materials .
The researchers hope that their blueprint design will be useful for heterostructure fabrication beyond the first four materials . `` Our specific diagrams would need revisions in the context of each new material , but we think that this idea is applicable and extendable to other material systems , '' Cain said .
# # #
The article , `` Controlled synthesis of 2D MX2 ( M=Mo , W ; X=S , Se ) heterostructures and alloys , '' is written by Jeffrey D. Cain , Eve D. Hanson and Vinayak P. Dravid . The article appeared in the Journal of Applied Physics May 29 , 2018 , ( DOI : 10.1063/1.5025710 ) and can be accessed at http : //aip . scitation . org/ doi/ full/ 10 . 1063/ 1 . 5025710 .
ABOUT THE JOURNAL
Welland Civic Square could see an upgrade if council approves the development of a concept plan for changing the public area in front .
A report from city staff says the civic square has the potential to be a landmark in the downtown core and that downtown revitalization is an important part of the overall health of a community .
It says the space has seen an increasing in interest , with events such as movie nights and community events broadcast on the big screen bringing in local residents .
“ In order to continue the growth of these events , and to attract future community gatherings , a revitalization strategy for ( the ) civic square is necessary , ” the report says .
It adds that Niagara Region has contributed , in kind , an architect holding the position of manager of urban design , to work on the project and produce the concept drawings , and renderings for the revitalization of the civic square .
President Donald Trump has wished America a happy Fourth of July holiday and reserved special praise for the `` American heroes '' whose sacrifice they say helped the nation win their independence 242 years ago .
Trump tweeted a short video that included well wishes from them and first lady Melania Trump . The Trumps were hosting a White House picnic for military families later on Wednesday , followed by a concert and viewing of the fireworks on the National Mall .
`` Our freedom has been earned through the blood and sweat and sacrifice of American heroes , '' Trump said .
Trump left the White House on Wednesday morning clad in a white short-sleeved shirt , dark slacks and a cap and was driven west across the Potomac River in the direction of the private golf club they own in Northern Virginia .
The White House did not immediately confirm that Trump is at the club . Reporters were not allowed to accompany them to their destination , as is the case with virtually all presidential travel .
Trump got into the Independence Day spirit a day earlier by celebrating active-duty service members during a military tribute on Tuesday night in White Sulphur Springs , West Virginia .
At the `` Salute to Service '' charity dinner , Trump praised `` Americans of every generation '' who have served in the armed forces .
An Ottawa police officer who hit a handcuffed hospital patient in the neck and then choked them for not being quiet will forfeit five days ' pay and attend a class on emotional intelligence , according to a decision handed down last week .
Const . Greg Thomson pleaded guilty in April to one count of unlawful or unnecessary exercise of authority for unjustifiably grabbing the man and choking them in January 2017 .
Thomson , an Ottawa police officer since 2006 , responded to a 911 call and found a man lying at the doorstep of a business in “ medical distress . ”
Thomson was also met by the man 's cousin and a mental health nurse . The man was taken to The Ottawa Hospital , where other officers began guarding him . They were believed to be in the middle of a “ drug-induced mental health breakdown . ”
At some point , Thomson and a second officer relieved the guarding officers of their duties and took up watch of the patient .
While at the hospital , the man — identified only as “ D.C. ” during the hearing — “ was disruptive , yelled obscenities and was belligerent towards hospital staff , ” the police hearing .
Thomson went into the hospital room and told the man to be quiet , but the man continued to yell . Thomson then hit the man in the neck and choked them in front of the second officer and the man 's cousin .
Once released from hospital , the man contacted the Ottawa Police Service to complain about the officer 's actions . They also filed a complaint with the Office of the Independent Police Review Director , a civilian police watchdog .
Hearing officer Supt . Chris Renwick , in a decision released on May 24 , said “ it is essential to the public 's trust and confidence in their police that all persons who are in police custody , despite their attitude or behaviour , will be treated fairly , impartially , and with due care , including restricting use of force to the level absolutely necessary to gain compliance . ”
Renwick called Thomson 's use of force “ excessive and unnecessary … and a breach of the expectation of care that the public demands from its police , requiring discipline and corrective action to assure the public that the police are accountable . ”
Renwick also found “ the choice of striking the neck and choking ” to be “ concerning in itself . ”
Though Thomson has pleaded guilty , Renwick found the officer “ clearly recognized their misconduct and took concrete corrective steps . ”
“ He committed to being cooperative during the internal investigation , self-registered and self-expensed a court approved anger management workshop , and self-attended an OPS de-escalating training session . ”
Thomson has also apologized to the man they choked and has registered for the next available emotional intelligence class run by the force .
The officer must complete that class before Oct. 31 .
syogaretnam @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/shaaminiwhy
French President Emmanuel Macron is pushing for a permanent exemption from tariffs for the European Union . Today will be the second day of Macron 's three-day state visit , and the biggest event will be the first state dinner since President Donald Trump took office 15 months ago . But it wo n't be all glitz and glam . Macron is here to make a deal that will keep Trump from starting a potential trade war with Europe .
Click the audio player above to hear the full story .
The new-look San Miguel Alab Pilipinas plays Sunday
Published 8:35 PM , February 02 , 2018
MANILA , Philippines – The Philippines ' Asean Basketball League ( ABL ) team Alab Pilipinas has officially parted ways with primary sponsor Tanduay and is now renamed San Miguel Alab Pilipinas , according to an Instagram post by team owner Charlie Dy last Thursday , February 1 .
The move by the San Miguel Corporation ( SMC ) came after Tanduay reportedly pulled out of the team due to disagreements between the partners ' respective managements .
According to a report by Spin.ph , the team was informed of the move after their 94-91 overtime victory against the Chongson Kung Fu in the Sta . Rosa Sports Complex last Wednesday , January 31 . However , at the time , Alab Pilipinas head coach Jimmy Alapag had no comment on the reported move and insisted on waiting for Dy to talk about it .
The SMC last sponsored the Philippines ' ABL representative San Miguel Beermen in 2012 and 2013 , the latter year being the season that the country last won the ABL Championshi
With the new move now finalized , Alab is set to debut new uniforms in their Sunday matchup against the Singapore Slingers . They currently hold a 7-4 record after starting the season 0-3 . – Rappler.com
Here is your look at the Cayman Islands Little League for Monday 23rd April :
Girls Softball
Wednesday 18 April
Coldwell Banker 17
GCM 4
The 2018 Girls Softball season continued on Wednesday 18 April as Coldwell Banker crushed GCM 17-4 . Coldwell Banker got off to a torrid start scoring 12 runs in the top of the first inning thanks to some excellent hitting and a handful of GCM errors . Coldwell Banker 's Kacie Ramos , Carmella Ylagan and Deandra Whiteman each went 3-3 at the plate combining for six runs . Raina Myles , Nathania Simpson , Calissa Ylagan and Jialy Archbold-McLaughlin each scored twice on the base path . Whiteman pitched a three-inning complete game , striking out two . For GCM , Clara Ramos and Hannah Gibson led the attack with each going 2-2 for three runs scored . Angelie Bodden added a triple to right field . GCM pitcher Thai Merren struck out five , while second baseman Kris Maxine Aleria turned a nifty double play .
Saturday 21 April
Coldwell Banker 15
Kirk Freeport 1
On Saturday , the red hot Coldwell Banker defeated a short-handed Kirk Freeport team 15-1 . Kirk Freeport fielded just eight players on the day with a pitcher , first baseman and three others missing in action . Coldwell Banker scored three runs in the first inning , breaking the game open with a twelve-run second . CB 's Carmella Ylagan , Raina Myles and Kacie Ramos each reached base three times and scored three runs . CB pitcher Deandra Whiteman had another solid game surrendering just three hits and one run while striking out three . Shay Windsor led Kirk Freeport 's attack with a double that scored one . At the halfway point of the season , Coldwell Banker sits atop the standings at 5-1 , with Kirk Freeport ( 3-3 ) and GCM ( 1-5 ) in hot pursuit . The next game is on Wednesday 25th April with GCM taking on Kirk Freeport .
AA Division
Tuesday 17th April
Encompass 8
Digicel 4
Encompass ' Dylan Bergman opened the game on the mound pitching two scoreless innings . Neil McComb struck the first RBI of the game for Encompass bringing home Bergman . The Encompass bats continued to deliver in the second and third innings with Kenya Rostran leading the way with two hits . Holt Riley pitched in with a single while Mathew Pothier smacked a double . Wills Dolbeare 's triple capped off a 4-run second inning with Encompass adding 4 runs in the third . Brodey McComb took the mound for Encompass in the 3rd inning and retired all three batters in order .
In the 4th inning , Digicel were led by a Jaden Jimenez single that brought home Chad Murphy and Toby Johns . Encompass ' Wills Dolbeare made a great catch in the field , while McComb struck out the next three batters to escape the fourth . Digicel pitcher Chad Murphy took control on the mound in the 4th and 5th innings , striking out 10 .
Saturday 21st April
Digicel 7
Logic 6
Pony Division
Greenlight RE 13
SMP 6
Kaylyn McLean and Finley Hirst : 1 home run each
Saxon 10
Maples 0
Kylie Booden-Watler : 2-2 , 2 RBI
Cayman Water 14
Deloitte 14
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Print
April 24 ( UPI ) -- Authorities in Dallas are searching for a gunman who shot and critically injured two police officers Tuesday .
The Dallas Police Department confirmed two officers and a civilian loss prevention officer , who worked at the store , were shot . The two officers were helping an off-duty officer serve a warrant at a Home Depot , when they were shot by the suspect , WFAA-TV in Dallas reported .
Dallas Police Chief Renee Hall identified 29-year-old Armando Juarez as a person of interest . Hall said Juarez left the location in a white pickup truck and police believe they are armed .
A male officer , 27 was shot in the head and a female officer was shot in the face . The condition of the civilian , a Home Depot employee , was unknown .
More than a dozen police cars and a police search dog were on the scene and searching for the suspect .
The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms also tweeted it was responding to the incident .
Texas Gov . Greg Abbott tweeted condolences to the victims following the shooting .
`` Our thoughts and prayers are with [ Dallas Police Department ] and the two officers shot and critically wounded . Texas honors all the men and women who protect and serve our communities , and justice will be served , '' they wrote .
( Corrects figure in first bullet to 2.4 billion yuan from 0.2 million yuan and clarifies in second bullet that seasonal factors and one-off item push down revenue and profit )
April 12 Youngor Group Co Ltd
* Sees net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to decrease by 50 percent to 60 percent , compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 ( 2.4 billion yuan )
* Says seasonal factors and one-off item pushing down revenues and profit
Source text in Chinese : goo.gl/Y2cc5q
Further company coverage : ( Beijing Headline News )
KXT 's New Music Monday picks for April 17 feature a local , psychedelic six-piece ; Feist 's mighty return ; and one former One Direction member . Yes , really .
“ Harry Styles , really ? ” Yes , really . Whether or not you have any frame of reference for One Direction , Styles ' # 1 UK smash “ Sign Of The Times ” is a standout that begs several questions . Are they ruminating their breakup with One Direction , a lover , or the end of the world as we know it ? Find out when their self-titled debut album lands May 12 , and if you missed their jaw-dropping SNL performance , well , here you go . You 're welcome .
On the rise here in Dallas is the six-piece Atlantis Aquarius , whose soothing jam “ Niribian Sun ” brings back the warm ‘ n ' mellow memories of the 70 's FM soundscape , albeit with a thoroughly modern touch . Plentiful harmonies and kaleidoscopic noodling engage the ear , and there 's more of where that came from on the debut EP of the same name . See them at Earth Day Texas this Saturday , April 22 out at Fair Park , or if you prefer the air-conditioned comfort of the Granada , they 'll be on hand for Bugs & Brews on May 6 .
New Feist ? You heard that right . Landing later this month is the aptly-titled Pleasure , promising to be a return to form for this beloved Canadian singer and songwriter . Pulp frontman Jarvis Cocker makes a cameo on “ Century , ” one of the two instant-grat tracks released here in the past couple of weeks , and our pick for New Music Monday . It 's been six long years since Metals , and the pleasure ( no pun intended ) will be all ours come April 28 , when the album hits stores .
Synth-happy beats and hooks plus a touch of sax make for a lovely listen . Copenhagen trio Mew 's “ Twist Quest ” was born of a long jam session and distilled into three minutes and twenty seconds worth of sonic bliss . Visual releases on April 28 .
xoxo ,
Gini
Roberto Deiaco , the former executive chef at Armani/Ristorante 5th Avenue , has opened a new restaurant in Manhattan 's midtown . Dubbed Avena , the restaurant was inspired by their Italian upbringing and their years of experience cooking for Giorgio 's Armani Restaurant . # wwdeye ( 📷 : @ lightboxer )
Jordan Armenise
From Hamilton , Ontario , Canada , Jordan Armenise began their sports broadcasting journey with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League . It was in this role where they were able to merge their best attributes : sports knowledge and personality . While with the Ticats , Jordan provided live analysis and interviews while developing a digital portfolio of one-on-one interviews , episodic sports comedy and full length sports & news features . They have also worked with CBC Sports for Hockey Night in Canada , the 2014 Sochi Olympics and Special Olympics as well as roles with Cineflix and Cream Productions as an Assistant Director .
Best Places To Take Your Holiday Photos In Detroit The holiday season is upon us and it 's that time to celebrate with friends and family . Capture all the memories while enjoying what Detroit has to offer around the city .
Best Places To Take Photos With Santa Near DetroitChristmas is right around the corner and that means it is time to visit Santa . Whether you want to just stop by for a quick photo or visit a historic village where they are holding court , you can find the place you need all across the Detroit area .
Old Nintendo consoles are clearly having a Moment .
This interest has been spurred in part by official hardware releases like the NES and SNES Classic Editions , tiny replica consoles that have more in common with your smartphone than with the original hardware . But lots of people still want to dig out their old cartridges and play games on actual hardware , as evidenced by the Analogue NT , the Super NT , and Hyperkin 's unabashed Game Boy Pocket clone .
It 's that last one I want to focus on . Nintendo 's retro revival has so far focused mostly on the classic boxes that you hooked to a TV , ignoring the portables that buoyed Nintendo when home consoles like the GameCube and Wii U faltered . But Hyperkin 's backlit Game Boy clone and the ( heretofore totally unsubstantiated ) rumors about a Game Boy Classic Edition suggest that people want to relive their long childhood car trips just like they want to relive hours in the basement parked in front of a TV and an NES .
If you do n't want to wait around for Nintendo to start re-releasing old portables , the good news is that there 's a vibrant repair and modding scene out there for anyone who wants to make their old Game Boy hardware as good as ( or even better than ) new . I 've spent the last month researching the subtle differences between different Game Boy production runs , watching dark blurry YouTube videos , learning to solder , and spending more time crawling through Reddit and forum posts than I care to remember . And I have returned to share my trove of knowledge with you , so you do n't have to try quite as hard to enjoy these old games on the hardware that originally played them .
Table of Contents
Listing image by Andrew Cunningham
ONE footy fan 's thrill of taking a spectacular mark on the MCG has been soured after they fell heavily , needing assistance from the field after their epic hanger .
The fan was taking part in a Melbourne Football Club initiative , called Hogan 's Heroes , where fans are picked to try to haul in spectacular marks .
The event was run at quarter-time of Tuesday night 's Anzac eve clash between Melbourne and Richmond .
Fans at the ground laughed , while others were concerned , after the high-leaping fan fell awkwardly , briefly laying motionless after dragging in a superb mark .
“ We have an injury ladies and gentlemen , ” former Demon Russell Robertson , who was MC during the contest , can be heard telling the MCG crowd .
Vision later showed the man walking from the ground , assisted by a concerned Demons staff member .
Fingers crossed he 's OK — and can remember their on-field efforts .
Vatican City , Dec 11 , 2017 CNA/EWTN News.- The Council of Europe 's Moneyval committee has praised the Holy See 's financial intelligence unit , the Financial Information Authority , in a report published last week .
The report noted the progress the Holy See has made in establishing an effective reporting system for suspect transactions , and in its international cooperation with investigation and reporting of financial irregularities . The report recommended that the financial authority “ actively pursue ” pending criminal cases of money laundering .
Moneyval is the Council of Europe 's “ Committee of Experts on the Evaluation of Anti-Money Laundering Measures and the Financing of Terrorism. ” It evaluates how financial systems in European states work to counter money laundering and stop the flow of funds to organizations connected to terrorism .
The progress report is part of the Moneyval 's regular evaluation procedure , which it conducts for all members .
The Holy See applied to Moneyval in 2011 , after issuing its first anti-money laundering legislation . Moneyval issued a general “ mutual evaluation report ” on the Holy See and Vatican City State in July 2012 . That evaluation called for improvements to the Holy See 's financial oversight procedures , which the Vatican has since pursued .
After the first general report , each state is called to report on its progress the year after the general evaluation , and to submit subsequent progress reports every two years .
The Holy See submitted a progress report in 2013 , 2015 and now in 2017 . The next report will be submitted in 2019 , and it is expected that there will be an on site visit by Moneyval inspectors in the course of 2018 .
The reports ' data confirm that Vatican is now in the third phase of implementing effective protections against money laundering .
The first phase , “ the assumption of responsibility , ” led to a Monetary Convention between the Holy See and European Union in 2009 , and Benedict XVI 's motu proprio that established the first Vatican anti-money laundering laws at the end of 2010 .
The second phase was “ debugging financial transparency reforms. ” The Vatican 's anti-money laundering law was amended and substantially re-written , and this led to a generally positive evaluation by Moneyval . In 2013 , the Vatican financial system was furtherly improved with the issuance of additional laws and policies .
The third and current phase is that of improving the effectiveness of the system .
The progress report highlights a sort of “ two speed ” situation for Vatican financial reforms . While the overall system is working , the court system still needs to be developed , as reports on suspected money laundering did not lead to prosecutions .
Both Monyeval and Holy See Press Office releases acknowledge that the Holy See 's Financial Intelligence Authority ( AIF ) has carried out a significant work in the past two years .
According to Moneyval , the Holy See “ has established a functioning reporting system . ”
“ In the past two years , ” a Dec. 8 Moneyval release said , “ the Holy See has established a functioning reporting system . Both the AIF and the judicial authorities have sought and were responding to international cooperation requests in their work . ”
The AIF has established 24 new Memoranda of Understanding with foreign financial intelligence units and 4 new Memoranda of Understanding with supervisory authorities .
The Holy See recieved 380 requests for cooperation from foreign authorities in 2015 , a number that increased to 837 in 2016 , probably due to the Institute for Religious Works remediation process that led to the closure of about 4,800 IOR accounts . In 2017 , the number of international cooperation requests decreased to a total of 104 .
Beyond the data on international cooperation , the report also provides data about money laundering investigations .
Since Jan. 2013 , the report says , “ 69 disseminations to the Promoter have been made by AIF where money laundering was suspected ” . The Promoter for Justice – the Vatican prosecutor – opened 27 criminal distinct investigations out of the 69 AIF disseminations .
Of those investigations , 8 investigations “ have been closed formally without any charges ” , while 6 investigations concluded without an indictment and their formal closure has been requested . There are currently 8 criminal investigation open as money laundering investigations .
These facts also bring to light the main problem highlighted by the Moneyval report .
The Moneyval report noted that “ the Holy See had still not brought a money laundering case to court ” .
The committee stressed that “ while considerable amounts of assets continued to be frozen , no criminal case had yet produced a confiscation order. ” For this reason . “ Moneyval recommends the Holy See ensure that the money laundering aspects of all outstanding investigations in criminal cases by proactively pursued ” .
“ In this regard , the committee noted that the overall effectiveness of the Holy See 's engagement with combating money laundering depends on the results that will be achieved by the prosecution and the courts , ” the release concluded .
However , there have been steps forward on the side of the Holy See 's judicial system that show how the Vatican is working to meet the requirements of its new money-laundering laws .
A Holy See Press Office release delivered Dec. 8 underscored that Moneyval welcomed “ the creation of a specialized Economic Financial Crimes Investigation Unit within the Corps of the Gendarmerie and the appointment of a specialized Assistant Promoter of Justice . ”
These two steps are crucial in making of the Vatican City State judicial system more prompt in prosecuting suspect money laundering cases .
It must be clear that the report is not about particular cases , and does not review any internal problem . Without naming them , the report describes five cases of Vatican trials that involved financial issues – some of them more recognizable , and some of them not .
But Moneyval is called to assess if the financial system to counter money laundering and financing of terrorism works , and not to judge on singular cases . The report is not in any way related to situations like , for instance , the recent firing of Giulio Mattietti , adjunct director to the IOR , which led to much speculation on the state of Vatican finances reforms .
It was a positive sign that the Vatican 's progress report was approved within Moneyval 's regular process . Otherwise , the Vatican would have had to submit a new report in a future plenary session .
The committee 's approval shows that the Holy See 's commitment , despite needed improvements , is welcome and appreciated by its European neighbors .
Moneyval 's progress report said that , despite some things that need to be fixed , the Holy See 's commitment to financial transparency , started under Benedict XVI , meets international standards , despite the unique reality of the Vatican City State and Holy See 's mission .
For the Vatican , finances are just a tool to carry out the mission of evangelization , and not an end in themselves .
Comments
RELEASE FROM MISSOURI SOUTHERN ATHLETICS :
Joplin , Mo . – Missouri Southern volleyball coach John Napier has tendered their resignation effective immediately in order to pursue other opportunities outside of coaching .
Napier has been the head coach for the Missouri Southern volleyball team the past four years and the program has seen considerate improvement since they took the reins . In four years , Napier has more wins ( 27 ) than the previous two coaches ( 9 ) had prior to him .
This past season , the Lions had many highlights under Napier . The team had its best overall record since the 2010 season and the Lions earned the American Volleyball Coaches Association Team Academic Award , while also being named to the Honor Roll , which is given to the top-25 GPA 's nationally in Division II .
The Lions have consistently had one of , if not the top , GPA of all sports in the athletic department under Napier . This past academic year , Southern boasted a team GPA of 3.67 . Each member of the team was a part of the MIAA Academic Honor Roll with three student-athletes maintaining perfect 4.00 GPA 's and no one on the team carrying below a 3.20 GPA .
On the court , the team ranked fifth in the MIAA in total blocks and was 32nd in the NCAA Division II . Alicia Pickett led the MIAA in blocks per set and was second in total blocks . They ranked sixth nationally in total blocks and 18th in blocks per set . Freshman Janelle Brehmwas second in the MIAA in attacks per set , fifth in kills per set and fifth in total kills . Fellow first-year student Morgan Nash ranked fifth in the MIAA in assists per set and total assists , while ranking 54th nationally in total assists .
Compared to the prior season , the Lions saw a 58 percent increase in hitting percentage , 35 percent increase in block assists and a 33 percent increase in total points .
In Napier 's four seasons , they have had eight All-MIAA selections , with three this year ( Pickett , Nash and Brehm ) . The team has had 27 players named to the MIAA Academic Honor Roll ( this year yet to be announced ) and the team has earned the AVCA Team Academic Award twice . Napier also helped coach the nation 's top blocker in 2014 as Callie Whestone led all Division II in blocks per set and was second in total blocks .
Napier has also helped mentor two future head coaches as two of their assistants have gone on to be head coaches . Pricilla Morgan is the head coach at Texas Wesleyan and Alyssa Hanley is the head coach at Schreiner University .
Assistant coach Carly Sojka has been named the interim head coach and a search for Napier 's replacement will begin immediately .
How does an emerging brand 's store compete against multimillion-dollar buildouts by the likes of Hermès , Prada and Dior in the Miami Design District ? A 40-foot , mini-vert skate ramp , for starters . Installed in fashion designer Gelareh Mizrahi 's yearlong pop-up in Paradise Plaza , the throwback to the neighborhood 's pre-gentrified days was a hit at the grand opening last week .
“ When my skater friends arrived , it changed the whole energy of the event , ” said Mizrahi , who also added the amenity as a gesture of goodwill to a community in transition and as a nod to their first piece , a python-swathed skateboard . “ A skateboard ramp in the middle of all these designer stores is a physical manifestation of everything I had in my brain , of taking luxury materials and making them street . ”
Miami became their jumping-off point for retail after their husband 's career relocated their young family from New York . They called Dacra , the local real estate and development firm behind the design district , for showroom space and wound up with a storefront . Them signature python handbags are available in exclusive colors at the new store . Them designs stand out for their witty motifs , such as model Lara Stone 's gap-toothed lips and New York references , from pizza slices to universal plastic bags emblazoned with “ Thank You. ” A small assortment of Ts is only carried at the boutique , too , part of their recent push into lower price points .
“ Like my pins in the same fun themes as the bags , Ts allow people who ca n't afford a $ 600 bag to connect to the brand , ” said Mizrahi , who still believes in bricks-and-mortar retail despite building their five-year-old company initially through social media . “ Some items wo n't even be available on my web site , so people have to come in and experience if they really want them . ”
Mizrahi studied fashion marketing at The New School 's Parsons School of Design and comes from a retail background . They grew up in Washington , D.C. , where their mother founded Signature , a longtime destination for eveningwear and prom dresses . Harvey Nichols Kuwait placed a $ 300,000 order at their first trade show , Coterie , but Mizrahi eventually gave up wholesale when they became pregnant with their first son and Instagram took off .
“ I saw it was the bloggers and not the buyers who had the power , ” they said , limiting wholesale distribution to Barneys New York through an exclusive partnership .
IT 'S testbed may have fallen to Earth earlier this year . But China says it has learnt enough to commit to building a massive new space station . And it 's invited the world to get aboard .
“ CSS belongs not only to China , but also to the world , ” UN ambassador Shi Zhongjun told the state-run Xinhua news agency . “ All countries , regardless of their size and level of development , can participate in the co-operation on an equal footing . ”
It 's an open hand of welcome that has been denied to China itself .
The United States enforces a strict technological transfer ban on Beijing .
This extends to it sending astronauts or experiments to the existing International Space Station ( ISS ) .
But , with President Trump signalling an early end to US participation in the ISS project by 2025 , China has sensed an opportunity .
It 's already committed to a bold new campaign to explore the Moon .
Now it wants to take a giant leap forward in the space race — and win worldwide support in the process . It 's proposed a Chinese Space Station ( CSS ) and invited UN members to participate .
Beijing has tendered documents to the UN stating the initial components of the new space station should become operational as early as 2022 . Ultimately , it wants an orbital outpost capable of supporting up to six astronauts for durations of up to 180 days .
The space station 's central module , dubbed Harmony of the Heavens , is reportedly already complete . It is due to be mounted on a rocket in 2020 .
EXPLORE MORE : The search for alien life just got a big new boost
The European Space Agency ( ESA ) has already accepted a deal which will allow its astronauts to use China 's space station once it is in orbit . International corporations such as Robert Bigelow 's inflatable module producing project are in the process of being courted .
Meanwhile , NASA faces serious cutbacks threatening its $ 4-billion-per-year commitment to keeping the ISS operational .
Even if funding continues , the ISS is beginning to age . Its first module was launched in 1988 . Construction was completed in 2010 . It 's been permanently occupied for almost 18 years .
While NASA and other ISS partners have begun to discuss its replacement , the Trump Presidency wants to end public funding and instead promote a commercial project .
Camera Icon Chinese astronauts aboard the Tiangong-1 space station before it crashed back to Earth earlier this year . Tiangong-2 remains in orbit . Picture : Supplied
CHINA ON WAY TO MOON
China 's ambition to soft-land a spacecraft on the far side of the moon later this year faces considerable challenges , but if successful would propel the country 's space program to the forefront of one of the most important areas of lunar exploration , experts say .
China hopes to be the first country to complete such a landing . It has just launched a relay satellite to facilitate communication between controllers on Earth and the upcoming Chang ' e 4 mission .
The moon 's far side is also known as the dark side because it faces away from Earth and remains comparatively unknown .
Creating the ability to explore the far side of the Moon is an impressive achievement , John M. Logsdon of George Washington University 's Space Policy Institute told AP in an email .
“ Spacefaring countries around the globe are focusing a great deal of attention on lunar exploration , and this far side capability , if it comes into being , will put China in a leading position with respect to that objective , ” Logsdon said .
However , getting the relay satellite into the proper position will be tricky and marks only a first step in pulling off the landing , they said .
“ Doing things in space , especially at a far distance from Earth , remains hard , so success is far from assured , ” Logsdon said .
Camera Icon China has invited UN nations to participate in its new space station , due to go into orbit in 2020 . Picture : Supplied
A far side soft-landing would be a “ world historical first , ” said Bernard Foing , head of the European Space Agency 's International Lunar Exploration Working Group , which has collaborated with the Chinese program .
That would offer a “ deep science opportunity to study the far side , ” which has a different composition from sites on the near side , where previous missions have landed , Foing said .
However , they too warned of the difficulties ahead , saying it would be a “ great challenge using the relay orbiter for control and data . ”
Such a communications relay link is needed for communication with a spacecraft on the far side because the moon 's rocky bulk would otherwise block contact with Earth .
China previously landed its Jade Rabbit rover on the moon and plans to land its Chang ' e 5 probe there next year and have it return to Earth with samples — the first time that would have been done since 1976 .
China has already obtained the “ technological basis ” to put astronauts on the moon , the chief designer of the manned space program , Zhou Jianping , told a conference last month .
“ We have had in-depth discussions with many experts about manned lunar exploration , and conducted research on key technologies in recent years , ” Zhou said .
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Gloucester coach Richard Whiffin praised Matt Scott 's performance in the Anglo-Welsh Cup defeat at Newcastle .
Although the Cherry and Whites went into the game knowing they could not reach the semi-finals , it was a chance for fringe players to stake their claims ahead of the return of the Premiership next week and Whiffin believes head coach Johan Ackermann faces some tough choices with scrum-half Ben Vellacott and Mark Atkinson also catching theirs eye .
Scotland international centre Scott was making just their third start of a season and first since mid-September having missed a large chunk through injury and fallen down the pecking order under but they scored their second try in as many games with 15 minutes following a wonderful run .
“ I thought Matt Scott played very well and he 's done well over the last two weeks , ” said Gloucester 's head of academy Whiffin , who oversaw the 31-19 loss at Newcastle .
“ He 's back fully fit now and he 's that threat at the line but also you see their turn of pace on the try they scored .
“ Ben Vellacott was buzzing around and he 's back to being that little scoot threat we saw earlier in the year and I was pleased that Mark Atkinson 's run the team really well all week and Owen ( Williams ) has dropped in late so it 's a selection headache for Johan and the senior coaches .
“ We 've got so many fit players that it bodes well for the next few weeks . ”
After missing out on the Wales side to face Scotland in the Six Nations , Owen Williams was thrown straight back into Gloucester 's side after one training session .
“ He was back in the club on Wednesday and they wanted to play , ” said Whiffin .
“ He wants to get some game time under their belt and they were back to normal on Thursday running everyone around and controlling the game and again I thought they had a decent game to put their hand up whether that 's for Wales or for Gloucester next week . ”
While Gloucester fielded a side mostly full of senior stars , Whiffin was able to hand debuts to two 18-year-olds from their academy with Aaron Hinkley and Tom Seabrook both coming off the bench .
Flanker Hinkley had a try disallowed towards the end as their foot was deemed to be in touch before they crossed in the corner .
“ He was really disappointed to miss out on the first round of Anglo-Welsh games but pleased now to get their professional debut , ” said Whiffin .
“ He was out there buzzing around , they were adamant they scored a try and Tom Seabrook again gave another accomplished performance and he 's someone that I think will really kick on over the next few months . ”
Gloucester came through with no serious injury concerns although Ciaran Knight had to go off after taking a knock to the head .
Whiffin said : “ He 's fine now , he 's walking around in the changing room but he 'll go through the return to play protocols for next week . ”
RAMONA , Calif. — A 22-year-old San Diego man was killed when their speeding motorcycle veered off a roadway in the Ramona area , the California Highway Patrol said Monday .
The rider lost control of their 2009 Yamaha R1 motorcycle on southbound Old Julian Highway approaching Vista Ramona Road shortly before noon Sunday , according to CHP Officer Kevin Pearlstein .
“ Due to the rider 's unsafe speed , they were unable to negotiate a left-hand curve in the roadway , ” Pearlstein said .
The motorcycle hit a dirt embankment and the rider was ejected , according to the officer .
They died at the scene despite attempts to save their lives , Pearlstein said . The rider 's name was not immediately available .
The contemporary category is struggling to become , well , more contemporary .
Faced with a highly promotional retail environment , a slowdown in store traffic , intense competition from the web and fast-fashion chains , contemporary 's large legacy players are trying to reinvent themselves while newer , more agile companies are gaining market share .
US and Afghan officials have estimated the strength of Taliban fighters to be at least 60,000 - or three times as many as in 2014 , when then-US President Barack Obama announced an end to US combat operations in the war-torn nation .
NBC News reported the estimate that was given to them by US and Afghan officials , but 60,000 is the lower end of the estimates ; it could be far more . The report adds that while ballpark estimates are useful , more exact ones are seen as a `` fool 's errand '' because `` the fighters often change their allegiance from one terror group to another . ''
In 2011 , Afghan officials estimated there to be 35,000 Taliban fighters in the country . US forces began to withdraw the same year , pulling tens of thousands of soldiers out . In 2014 , the US estimated there to be 20,000 Taliban fighters still active , compared to 350,000 Afghan security forces .
© AFP 2018/ Romeo Gacad US New Strategy in Afghanistan May Lead to More Casualties – Joint Staff Chief
One major reason for the uptick in Taliban strength is their closer ties with the Haqqani network , an Islamist and Afghan nationalist group that previously partnered with the US in the 1980s to fight the Soviet Union and socialist Afghan government during their long war against Islamist rebels . While once they were separate from the Taliban , the two groups began strengthening ties in 2012 .
`` Haqqani and Taliban integration has become so robust that many observers no longer look at them as separate entities but as factions within the same group , '' wrote Pentagon officials in their June 2017 Enhancing Security and Stability in Afghanistan report .
This matches statements made by both the Taliban and the Haqqani network . In a 2012 statement on one of their websites , the Taliban claimed that there is `` no separate entity or network in Afghanistan by the name of Haqqani , '' and that the network 's leader , Jalaluddin Haqqani , is a member of the Quetta Shura , the Taliban 's leadership council .
© AP Photo/ Dar Yasin BBC Report on Taliban Control of Afghanistan ‘ Groundless ' - Afghan Government
The 20,000 figures from 2014 drew some controversy , however . The Taliban were estimated at 60,000 fighters by analysts from Harvard 's John F Kennedy School of Government and the British international affairs think tank Chatham House .
The two organizations pointed out that while the coalition had killed tens of thousands of Taliban fighters , the organization 's leadership continues to survive in remote safehouses in Afghanistan and Pakistan . So long as the organization remains decentralized , they will be able to replenish their foot soldiers from Afghanistan 's population , the think tanks reported in 2014 .
On Tuesday , the Pentagon attracted controversy when they did not release certain information to the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction ( SIGAR ) so it could be disseminated to the public : most notably , the amount of the country under insurgent control .
© AP Photo/ Allauddin Khan Study Finds Taliban Movement Operating on 70 % of Afghan Soil
`` The number of districts controlled or influenced by the Afghan government had been one of the last remaining publicly available indicators for members of Congress… and for the American public of how the 16-year-long US effort to secure Afghanistan is faring , '' wrote SIGAR chief John Sopko in the report .
`` The implication is that I think the average American who reads our reports or reads your press accounts of it has no meaningful ability to analyze how their money or their money is being spent on Afghanistan , '' Sopko added in an interview with Reuters on Tuesday .
Jordan Armenise
From Hamilton , Ontario , Canada , Jordan Armenise lives and breathes sports . It was a role with the CFL 's Hamilton Tiger-Cats that provided them with a platform to merge their best attributes : sports knowledge and personality . While with the Ticats , Jordan was able to provide live performance experience in their role as the In-Game Host as well develop a digital portfolio of one-on-one sports interviews , digital sports episodic comedy and full length sports & news features as a Sports Reporter . They have also worked with CBC Sports for Hockey Night in Canada , the 2014 Sochi Olympics and Special Olympics as well as roles with Cineflix and Cream Productions as an Assistant Director in the Crime genres .
Oops , you have n't selected any newsletters . Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again .
Researchers have shown free radical concentrations in lichens to be directly related to air pollution .
An MIPT-based team of researchers has proposed analyzing lichen composition to assess atmospheric air quality when conventional monitoring stations are unavailable . They produced a case study of the Xanthoria parietina lichen , whose samples were collected in Moscow , Nizhny Novgorod , and two towns outside Moscow -- Dolgoprudny and Dubna . Sample analysis revealed their iron , copper , and manganese content , along with free radical concentrations of phenol and polyphenol -- two types of compounds occurring naturally in lichens . The research findings were published in the Journal of Applied Spectroscopy .
`` By showing that atmospheric air quality determines the concentration of radicals in lichens , we prove that electron paramagnetic resonance spectroscopy can be used for environmental monitoring in cities , '' says associate professor Svetlana Zhuravleva of the Department of Chemistry , MIPT . `` This makes the method very convenient for those areas where air monitoring stations are not available . And that means many : Even major cities populated by millions of people typically have no more than ten such facilities . ''
Metal ions and free radicals of organic molecules are involved in enzymatic reactions vital to our health . But when ions and radicals are in excess , this disrupts cell metabolism and interferes with the natural balance of redox reactions by damaging proteins , nucleic acids , and the lipids in the cell membrane . As this damage builds up in the cells of a human body , it can lead to numerous serious diseases . Atmospheric air pollution in densely populated industrial cities is one of the chief factors implicated in the excessive metal ion and free radical counts in living cells . Researchers have estimated that in 2015 , 16 percent of deaths globally resulted from diseases caused by poor environmental conditions . This is three times the number of deaths caused by AIDS , tuberculosis , and malaria combined , or 15 times the number of people killed in wars and by other forms of violence .
The metals whose content in lichens was measured are two transition elements -- iron and copper -- and magnesium . Their ions are capable of entering redox reactions , whereby they can give up or take on electrons with relative ease . If electron exchange in a redox process results in a metal ion having an uneven number of electrons , one of them is bound to be unpaired . Such ions with unpaired electrons are called paramagnetic . Radicals are somewhat similar : This term is reserved for all other ions , atoms , and even whole molecules of organic or inorganic compounds that have an unpaired electron . The characteristic trait of radicals and metal ions is their very reactive nature ; that is , they readily undergo chemical reactions with other molecules . As a result of an elevated concentration of such reactive species in living cells , abnormal chemical processes occur more often . They prevent individual cells and by extension the body as a whole from maintaining the state of dynamic equilibrium known as homeostasis . Prior research indicated that higher content of free radicals and paramagnetic metal ions in mammalian cells correlates with a deterioration of health .
`` Lichens readily absorb compounds of metals from polluted atmospheric air . Besides that , they are autonomous and require no special conditions : Lichens can grow on trees , rocks , metal structures . They need no soil , minimum light and are thus abundant throughout Russia , '' explains MIPT Professor Eduard Trukhan , who holds an ScD in physics and mathematics . `` All of this makes lichens a prime candidate for use in environmental monitoring and assessing the risks that pollution poses to the population . ''
To measure the content of metal ions and organic radicals in lichens , the researchers employed two analytical techniques . First , the total content of all reactive species with unpaired electrons was determined by means of electron paramagnetic resonance . After that , their individual concentrations were identified via optical emission spectroscopy .
LAKE BUENA VISTA , Fla. ( AP ) — Now that Shohei Ohtani and Giancarlo Stanton picked their new places to play , baseball bosses checked into the winter meetings primed to make moves that had been bottled up for weeks .
The market for relievers quickly warmed Sunday , even before many teams got down to business .
Luke Gregerson found a spot in the St. Louis bullpen , and Brandon Morrow could be closing for the Cubs . Still available : free agents Wade Davis , Greg Holland and Brandon Kintzler .
“ There are a lot of guys out there , a lot of teams looking for relief pitching , ” New York Mets general manager Sandy Alderson . “ We think there are some values .
“ I do n't think that we will jump into the inferno , but we do want to improve our bullpen , ” they said .
Plenty of top hitters are in play , too , a list topped by J.D . Martinez and Eric Hosmer . Yu Darvish and Jake Arrieta are among the starters listening to offers .
Stanton was expected at the resort hotel near Disney World on Monday . As workers finished putting bright red poinsettias around the lobby , the New York Yankees prepared to unveil their big holiday present .
Having turned down chances to slug for the Cardinals and Giants , the big-bopping Stanton got a trade they liked . The NL MVP who led the majors in home runs and RBIs was ready to move from the Miami Marlins and put on pinstripes .
That deal , set to send All-Star second baseman Starlin Castro to the Marlins , could have a domino effect — Miami might flip them fast to the Mets .
“ I 've talked to a couple of people who were involved in the Stanton discussions who I think do feel as if they 've been somewhat liberated to talk about other things , ” Alderson said .
Ohtani , the prized pitcher/hitter from Japan , chose to join the Los Angeles Angels and was presented over the weekend by their new club .
“ There were lots of teams that were involved in Ohtani , ” Alderson said . “ Now we have the winter meetings , so I think we have the right forum and I think some things have been cleared away , and I do think activity will pick up . ”
The Cardinals got busy , reaching a deal with Gregerson , according to a person familiar with the negotiations .
Gregerson will get an $ 11 million , two-year contract . The person spoke on condition of anonymity because the agreement was subject to a physical and had not yet been announced .
The 33-year-old righty was 2-3 with a career-high 4.57 ERA in 65 relief appearances for Houston . They did n't permit a run in five postseason appearances as the Astros won their first World Series championship .
The Cubs anticipate losing Davis , but seem to have filled the void with Morrow . Multiple reports have the 33-year-old righty joining Chicago .
Morrow was 6-0 with two saves and a 2.06 ERA in 45 games for the Los Angeles Dodgers last season . They notably then pitched in all seven World Series games .
Also on deck Monday : the arrivals of the newest Hall of Famers , longtime Detroit Tigers teammates Jack Morris and Alan Trammell . A day after a 16-man committee elected them , Morris and Trammell were set to stroll through the hotel halls as baseball royalty .
“ I am still overwhelmed , ” Trammell said . “ At this particular time , I do n't know what else to say . ”
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
By : The Associated Press
Email : news @ abc6.com
Twitter : @ ABC6
PROVIDENCE , R.I. ( AP ) – A proposal to take guns away from domestic abusers and people under domestic restraining orders could be heading to a vote in the Rhode Island legislature after years of debate .
Proponents and opponents of the legislation agree that momentum has been building to put it to a vote this month .
The proposal includes a provision to require automatic confiscation of guns from people under certain domestic restraining orders , even if they are n't convicted of a crime . Judges already have discretion to restrict gun ownership , but domestic violence prevention advocates say they too often do n't .
A spokesperson for Democratic House Speaker Nicholas Mattiello has said the bill is `` very much alive '' and the speaker is looking carefully at House passage of the bill .
Gun rights groups say it goes too far .
© WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
ORCHARD PARK , N.Y. ( AP ) — It was “ Marcell Dareus Day ” at Buffalo 's Triple-A ballpark , and the Bills defensive tackle arrived in a playful mood .
In throwing out the first pitch , Dareus mugged for the cameras with Bisons ' mascots Chip and Buster , ordered a couple of a hot dog with extra cheese , and chatted with fans and friends in the stands for so long they nearly had to be dragged away so as not to delay the start of the game .
“ It just feels good to be outside of my element and relaxing a little bit , ” Dareus said Tuesday night , taking a break from a busy schedule at a time the Bills are closing their final week of offseason practices .
“ Just letting my hair down because , you know , I 've got so much , ” they added with a laugh referring to their close-cropped haircut . For effect , Dareus leaned back their head and pretended as if they were shaking out long flowing locks .
The amusing moment was a brief glimpse into a once-familiar side of Dareus that has too often been missing or kept hidden from reporters around the Bills facility in recent years .
“ Hey , open your eyes , man , ” Dareus said , referring to their upbeat demeanor . “ I 'm a nice guy . ”
That 's certainly true given the number of charitable causes Dareus has worked with in both Buffalo and their native Alabama . During their ballpark appearance , they donated $ 2,500 to the Buffalo Boys and Girls Club , and had 100 children join them to watch the game in the stands .
To be fair , Dareus has n't had many reasons to be jovial of late when confronted by questions about their character and inconsistent production .
In the midst of a six-year , $ 108 million contract , the Bills highest-paid player and 2011 No . 3 draft pick opened each of the past two seasons serving NFL substance abuse-related suspensions , including a four-game ban last year .
And those do n't include past transgressions in which he 's been arrested on drug-possession charges or benched for showing up late for team meetings .
It has n't helped that Dareus ' production dropped the past two years while being asked to play what they considered an ill-suited role in former coach Rex Ryan 's defense . Though nimble on their feet despite their 6-foot-3 , 330-pound frame , Dareus questioned why they would have to occasionally drop into coverage to defend short passes over the middle .
Since registering a career-best 10 sacks and being part of the NFL 's fourth-ranked defense in coach Doug Marrone 's final season in 2014 , Dareus combined for just 5½ sacks over the past two seasons under Ryan .
Dareus sees no reason to look back , especially with Ryan fired and replaced by Sean McDermott , the former Panthers defensive coordinator .
“ We 're just moving on , ” they said . “ We 're in McDermott 's regime now , and we 're going to do their thing . And we 're going to make the best out of it . ”
McDermott arrived in Buffalo with no preconceptions regarding their players , including Dareus .
Their objective has been establishing a set of ground rules for players to follow .
“ When you do that , players understand what 's expected , ” McDermott said . “ So what happens from here is what 's important in that we continue to stay consistent and we improve each and every day as a team and , in this case , with Marcell . ”
Veteran defensive tackle Kyle Williams would like to believe last year 's four-game suspension was a turning point for Dareus . And yet , Williams acknowledged they ca n't be entirely sure .
“ I guess , ‘ We 'll see , ' is your answer , ” Williams told The Associated Press . “ I think it did mean something to them just judging by their commitment this offseason . But you know , there 's a long way to go . We 're not 'til the season yet . ”
It 's never easy to predict what will happen next for Dareus in what 's been a mercurial career for a highly talented and immensely powerful player , and yet one who can be easily led to distraction .
One moment in May 2014 , Dareus expressed remorse , saying “ I feel like I 'm on the straight and narrow , ” after being arrested for possession of synthetic marijuana .
Later that day , they were arrested for speeding and leaving the scene of an accident after crashing their Jaguar into a tree near a busy intersection not far from the Bills facility .
Dareus revealed last year that they have struggled with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder . ADHD was also the reason they stopped playing baseball because they could n't stay focused .
Dareus ' biggest concern Tuesday was throwing the first pitch . After a few warmup tosses on the side , they stepped to the mound and delivered a high-arching lob that reached the catcher without a bounce .
“ I sat up watching YouTube videos of everybody messing it up . I just practiced a little bit in the backyard so I did n't look too bad , ” they said , noting they were razzed earlier in the day by their teammates .
“ I 'm pretty sure they 're proud of me , ” Dareus said , with a wink . “ Go Bills . ”
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The special counsel appointed to investigate Russian influence in the 2016 presidential campaign is now examining whether President Donald Trump tried to obstruct justice , The Washington Post reported Wednesday evening .
Accusations of obstruction arose last month when Trump fired FBI Director James Comey . Comey testified in a Senate hearing last week that they believed they were fired “ because of the Russia investigation . ”
Comey also testified they had told Trump they were not under investigation .
The Post and The New York Times both reported that Mueller was seeking interviews with three Trump administration officials who were n't involved in Trump 's campaign : Dan Coats , the director of national intelligence ; Michael Rogers , the head of the National Security Agency ; and Richard Ledgett , the former NSA deputy director .
Advertisement
Mark Corallo , a spokesperson for Trump 's personal lawyer , responded Wednesday evening to the Post report by saying : “ The FBI leak of information regarding the president is outrageous , inexcusable and illegal . ”
The Post report cites anonymous sources who were briefed on requests made by investigators . It was not known whether the FBI was the source of the information .
Mueller met Wednesday with the leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee in an effort to ensure their investigations do n't conflict .
The leaders of the Senate Intelligence committee said in a statement issued Wednesday that they “ look forward to future engagements ” with Robert Mueller .
Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr , R-N.C. , and Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia , the panel 's top Democrat , did n't provide any other details regarding the meeting . An aide familiar with the meeting said it was held to discuss the investigations , including ways that the parallel inquiries do n't interfere with one another . The aide spoke on condition of anonymity because the meeting was private .
The meeting comes a day after lawmakers questioned Justice Department officials about the probe and Mueller 's independence , and after a friend of Trump said the White House was considering firing Mueller .
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein , who appointed Mueller last month , testified Tuesday they have seen no evidence of good cause to fire Mueller .
Also Wednesday , Senate Judiciary Chairman Charles Grassley said their panel will investigate the removal of former FBI Director James Comey and “ any alleged improper partisan interference in law enforcement investigations . ”
Grassley announced the investigation in a letter to California Sen. Dianne Feinstein , the panel 's top Democrat . Grassley 's office said the letter is in response to a recent letter from Feinstein requesting that the committee seek details from senior FBI leadership about Comey 's interactions with President Donald Trump before they were fired .
The letter said the investigation will also probe Comey 's testimony that Loretta Lynch , as President Barack Obama 's attorney general , had directed them to describe an FBI probe into Hillary Clinton 's email practices as merely a “ matter ” and to avoid calling it an investigation .
“ You and I agree that the American people deserve a full accounting of attempts to meddle in both our democratic processes and the impartial administration of justice … It is my view that fully investigating the facts , circumstances , and rationale for Mr. Comey 's removal will provide us the opportunity to do that on a cooperative , bipartisan basis , ” according to the letter .
Feinstein has said the Judiciary Committee should investigate , but had asked Grassley to keep the investigations separate . Grassley said Comey 's dismissal and Comey 's testimony on Lynch should be looked at together , noting that Comey “ took the opportunity in their testimony to clear their own name by denouncing as false the administration 's claims that the FBI rank-and-file had lost confidence in Mr. Comey 's leadership in the wake of the Clinton email investigation . ”
KNOXVILLE ( WATE ) – Animal lovers are invited to dine out at some of Knoxville 's best restaurants on Tuesday to support the Humane Society of the Tennessee Valley .
When diners eat breakfast , lunch , dinner or have drinks at one of the participating restaurants as part of Paws on the Table , 15 percent of their purchase will go to HSTV and their efforts . The event is designed to help provide life-saving care for homeless vats and dogs .
The event runs all day on Tuesday , April 18 .
More online : The Humane Society of the Tennessee Valley
Participating restaurants :
South Carolina is not living up to preseason expectations thus far as the Gamecocks have gone from being ranked in the top 5 to unranked by Baseball America .
That is understandably causing some fans to be disappointed , and several are voicing their displeasure .
USC coach Chad Holbrook is encouraging their players to tune out the negative comments while they try to bounce back from the current slump and start a winning streak .
“ It 's difficult for the kids , ” Holbrook said Monday on 107.5 The Game . “ There 's people in our fan base very critical of a lot of folks , and I lead the charge there . I 'm a guy , I can handle it . I 'm paid to do it . These kids are trying awfully hard , and it 's a very difficult task to hit a baseball . No one 's more frustrated when they scuffle than they are . ”
Holbrook added that they are trying to stay positive with their team throughout the difficult moments .
The Gamecocks have dropped three straight SEC series after opening SEC play 5-1 . USC is tied for second in the SEC East at 8-7 entering Thursday 's series opener at Florida .
“ You 've just got to try to keep encouraging them , ” Holbrook said . “ They 're 18 , 19 , 20 years old and this is probably the first time in their life they 're under the microscope so to speak with huge amounts of pressure and expectations on them . ”
Holbrook said it is particularly tough for players to tune out negative comments when they come in person during games .
“ Some of our fans are n't shy to voice their displeasure to them personally in our own park , and that makes it difficult for them , ” Holbrook said . “ You have to have tough skin . You have to believe in yourself . You have to let it go in one ear and out the other . It 's a lot easier for adults to let that happen than it is kids . These are our players that are wearing our uniform that invest a whole heck of a lot in becoming the best baseball player and the best baseball team they can be . ”
While there have been plenty of negative comments , Holbrook is appreciative of the fans who have remained supportive during tough times so far this season .
“ There 's a lot of people in those stands who are in their corner as well ... through the highs and through the lows . We just try to make sure they remember those folks . There are a lot of great baseball fans we have in our stadium that understand how hard it is , that understand there are going to be ups and downs through the course of a baseball season , and we try to make sure our players understand there are some great people there , ” Holbrook said . “ Try to tune out the ones that are getting on you , keep working , keep your nose to the grindstone , keep working hard , staying late , coming early , and some of those balls will start falling into play for us and we 'll start getting some hits and get some momentum going . ”
Holbrook is confident the season can be turned around . South Carolina hosts Davidson at 7 p.m. Tuesday before beginning a three-game series with Florida on Thursday .
USC hosts Kentucky , the first-place team in the SEC East , next weekend .
“ They understand the expectations here at South Carolina . These kids are working extremely hard . They 're good kids . They 're tough kids . You have to be tough to play at South Carolina , and as our season unfolds I think you 'll see us become the team that all our fans wanted us to be , ” Holbrook said . “ I have a feeling that the good Lord has some neat things in store for this team . That 's just what I feel . I think you 'll see that come to pass as we play the next part of our season . ”
A singer , a songwriter , a musician , a producer , an actor , an icon . Prince , born in Minneapolis in 1958 , was an artist that epitomised the musical innovation of the 1980s . As a musician , they refused to be caged to society 's norms , and dazzled the world with deeply erotic lyricism , excessive gyrating and tight spandex clothing that showed off the beauty of every inch of the 5 ' 2 superstar . Being such a true individualist , and multi-talented artist , it is no wonder that Prince is recognised worldwide as a true inspiration and one of the most successful entertainers to emerge from the 80s .
In a decade that we now look back on to be immersed with so much pop culture and musical iconography , it can be easy to forget some artists amongst the swamp of 1980s paraphernalia ; however , Prince undoubtedly stands out from the crowd . As a musician they were eclectic , as a performer they were flamboyant , and as an artist they were immense . Renowned for being a maverick and nonconformist in their nature , they created an identity for themselves that was to live long in the memory of generations . Since their untimely passing in 2016 , bonafide pop legend has continued to inspire and remains a unifying symbol of all that was good about 1980s music .
Having sold over 100 million albums worldwide during their lifetime , Prince was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2004 , their first year of eligibility . Producing their most prominent works in the ‘ 80s , they released a series of ground-breaking albums including 1999 , the album that really kick-started their career in 1982 , with the titular track remaining one of Prince 's most well-known . However the icon 's most celebrated work Purple Rain was released in 1984 , embodying the culmination of funk , pop and rock that made Prince 's sound so distinct and revolutionary . As well as boasting timeless classics such as ‘ When Doves Cry ' and ‘ Let 's Go Crazy ' , Prince introduced arguably one of the best songs of all time in its titular track , ‘ Purple Rain ' . The song utilises all of Prince 's vast vocal range , provides a mellifluous gospel chorus , and a fabled piercing guitar solo that lingers , still to this day , in the remnants of nostalgia .
Oozing a confidence that even surpassed arrogance , they painted themselves as a deity amongst mortals . Whilst also adapting their album Purple Rain into a movie of the same name and starring as the lead role , Prince continued to display their multi-faceted arsenal of ability in their music until their death , all the while transgressing the boundaries of gender and sexuality , pioneering this sense of individuality that is so characterising of the ‘ 80s , along with the likes of George Michael , David Bowie and Freddie Mercury . As a true genius , their music will never be forgotten even long after we are wiped from the face of the Earth , for generations to follow us will undoubtedly bask in all their purple glory . They were born a man , lived as Prince , and died as a king of pop .
Facebook Messenger Kids : An Issue Of Brand Trust
Share this content :
linkedin
google
Email
Print
In December 2017 , Facebook announced their new Messenger Kids app – a messenger service designed exclusively for children ages 13 and under .
Since then , the app has received considerable criticism from several angles . First , there were concerns over Facebook 's ability to truly protect children 's data under current Children 's Online Privacy Protection Rule ( COPPA ) regulations ( and with GDPR fast approaching , how will that impact their guidelines ? ) Facebook has explicitly stated that the app was designed to be COPPA compliant , and that there will be no advertising on the app , nor will children 's user data be collected for commercial use .
Now , a recent letter sent by the Campaign for a Commercial-Free Childhood is urging the platform to shut down the app . The letter was signed by more than a dozen other advocacy organizations – including the ACLU of Mass. , EPIC Privacy and Common Sense Media .
“ Younger children are simply not ready to have social media accounts , ” the letter states . “ They are not old enough to navigate the complexities of online relationships , which often lead to misunderstandings and conflicts even among more mature users . They also do not have a fully developed understanding of privacy , including what 's appropriate to share with others and who has access to their conversations , pictures , and videos . ”
The letter continues , stating that apps like Facebook Messenger Kids is “ not responding to a need , but creating one. ” The letter asserts that the use of the app will foster a reliance on social media use at a young age – something that has been attributed to a development of psychological issues like depression , and “ less satisfaction with their every day lives . ”
“ At a time when there is mounting concern about how social media use affects adolescents ' well-being , it is particularly irresponsible to encourage children as young as preschoolers to start using a Facebook product , ” the letter states .
David Marcus , Facebook 's VP of Messaging Products , defended Messenger Kids defended the app at the Upfront Summit in Los Angeles this week , following the backlash . According to TechCrunch , Marcus compared the app to more of a group chat service , rather than a social media platform .
But , is that really the case ? Personally , Facebook seems very back-and-forth when it comes to truly defining who they are as a company . Back when they announced changes to their algorithm to crack down on “ fake news ” sites and restructure how media organizations permeated News Feeds , they advocated their stance as a social media platform , and not as a publisher . If Facebook Messenger Kids is n't social media – then what is it ?
Facebook Messenger is n't a standalone platform – you still need to have a Facebook account to use it . Facebook Messenger Kids requires a parent to have a Facebook account to control the app on their child 's behalf . This negates the idea that it is truly standalone , which is still much more akin to Snapchat than Whatsapp .
So , how does Facebook define themselves as a company ? They do n't seem to have cohesion across their brand – and maybe they need it in order to remain reputable in the eyes of the public .
Facebook has been under a lot of scrutiny for their handling of media that 's published on their platform – something that 's fostered a culture of distrust . What can Facebook do about it ? I asked Dylan Collins , CEO of kidtech platform SuperAwesome .
According to Collins , Facebook Messenger Kids is indeed compliant “ from a technical point of view . ”
“ A lot of the concern being surfaced about Messenger Kids is coming from two sources , ” Collins said . One is the growing parental awareness that the Internet simply has n't been built for kids . ''
The other is “ the increasingly negative brand association with many of the major tech platforms in the family environment . ”
“ I think , regardless of the reality , it 's hard for parents to believe that these huge companies whose sole business model is based around capturing as much personal data as possible would do anything which is n't compatible with that agenda , ” Collins said .
This recent example of public outcry underlines a glaring issue for Facebook – the way they portray themselves as a company is n't consistent .
And as brand trust hangs in the balance , maybe they need some clarity .
BLOEMFONTEIN , South Africa — Openers Aiden Markram and Dean Elgar made centuries as South Africa again punished Bangladesh 's decision to bowl first to race to 428-3 on the opening day of the second test on Friday .
Markram made 143 and Elgar 113 and they had a 243-run opening stand . Hashim Amla and captain Faf du Plessis pressed home South Africa 's advantage with an unbroken 140-run stand for the fourth wicket to take the Proteas to stumps at Mangaung Oval .
Amla was 89 not out , Du Plessis 62 not out , and South Africa was eyeing a score in excess of 500 in double-quick time . South Africa scored at nearly five runs an over on the first day and racked up 126 runs in the first session , 130 in the second , and 172 after tea .
Bangladesh 's bowlers again looked lost , and captain Mushfiqur Rahim 's decision to put South Africa in again appeared to be a woeful error .
The second test was shaping up to be a repeat of the first , when Bangladesh misread the pitch , put South Africa in to bat , and the South Africans made 496-3 declared in their first innings on the way to a comfortable victory .
Bangladesh dropped three bowlers after that first-test defeat but the new guys did n't fare any better . Subashis Roy , one of the three called in , returned the best figures with their 2-85 . That included the wicket of Elgar , but only after South Africa 's openers put their team in complete control .
Elgar made a second century in two tests after their 199 in that big first-innings score in the first game . Markram , out for 97 on debut in the first test , did complete a maiden test hundred this time in Bloemfontein .
Elgar has five centuries in 2017 and is the leading scorer in test cricket this year with more than 1,000 runs . They and Markram have put on two big opening partnerships in their first two tests playing together , 196 in the opening game and the double-century stand on Friday .
Elgar fell to a short-ball tactic that Bangladesh persevered with through most of the day , and ultimately had success with . Subashis banged in a short one , Elgar went for a hook , and was caught at backward square leg by Mustafizur Rahman .
The touring bowlers reverted to the short stuff after getting little out of the pitch early on . They were also wayward , conceding 58 boundaries in the day .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PLAINS TOWNSHIP -- Willow is an energetic 5-year-old pit bull mix at the SPCA of Luzerne County .
`` She loves belly rubs and car rides and being around people . She 's really looking for that next forever home , that family to love and bring some joy into their life . ''
Todd Hevner is the executive director and says Willow has been at the shelter for a year , something they believe is due to their bully breed reputation .
`` She is a pit mix and that will make people shy away from her , unfortunately , it 's due to misconceptions of the breed , '' Hevner said .
But workers say Willow is a darling . They adore humans , snuggles , and playing with other pooches -- just no cats .
And she 's pretty food motivated .
Willow is not a couch potato kind of dog , so she 'll need an active home .
In this story See other pets that need forever homes
`` Somebody that can walk Willow and burn off some of their energy that can sometimes build up and cause frustration . ''
Workers say Willow is truly a gem and deserves all the love in the world .
`` A year here in our shelter is not what we want for any of them , '' Hevner said . `` We 'd love them to get in and get out and get into their next new chapter in life and they deserve that , as much as any dog in this shelter , they really deserves to get out and get into a new home . ''
If you are interested in giving Willow a home , contact the SPCA of Luzerne County .
Click here for additional resources for pet adoption .
If you are a shelter or rescue that has an animal you would like featured on 16 To The Rescue , you can email Kerry Brazen at 16Rescue @ wnep.com
Every senator 's priority bill and current standing
LINCOLN–With fewer than 25 days left in this legislative session , Nebraska lawmakers have each identified one priority bill , hoping to see consideration on the floor before the Legislature 's scheduled adjournment in early June .
Below is a list of each senator 's priority bill or resolution separated by committee . Each bill or resolution is summarized and includes where the bill currently stands in the Legislature . Bills listed as under enrollment and review are at a stage after first- or second-round approval in which amendments are incorporated and the language is checked for grammar and technical consistencies .
Banking Commerce
LB92 , sponsored by Sen. Mark Kolterman of Seward , would ensure health coverage of telemedicine services as long as the service is in-state . LB92 is currently in enrollment and review .
LB641 , sponsored by Sen. Adam Morfeld of Lincoln , would direct the Department of Economic Development to establish a Bioscience Innovation Program under the Business Innovation Act and creates a Bioscience Innovation Cash Fund to support the bioscience industry . LB641 is currently in enrollment and review .
Business Labor
LB181 , sponsored by Sen. Dan Quick of Grand Island , would allow an employee to get reimbursement from an employer for a medical exam from a physician other than the employer-appointed physician . LB181 is currently in general file .
LB248 , sponsored by Sen. Burke J. Harr of Omaha , would adopt the Youth Opportunities in Learning and Occupations Act to help Nebraska youth learn employment skills . LB248 is currently in general file .
Education
LB144 , sponsored by Sen. Bruce Bostelman of Brainard , would change the allocation of state aid to schools by reducing the assessed value of agricultural and horticultural land in the school aid formula . LB144 is currently in referral .
LB265 , sponsored by Sen. Tom Briese of Albion , would provide a minimum amount of state aid for school districts on a per-student basis . This amount would increase from $ 1,500 per student in 2018-19 to $ 5,500 per student in 2022-23 . LB265 is currently in referral .
LB427 , sponsored by Sen. Tony Vargas of Omaha , would require schools to provide breastfeeding accommodations for student-parents . LB427 is currently in enrollment and review .
LB484 , sponsored by Sen. Rick Kolowski of Omaha , would create a School Financing Review Commission that would annually evaluate the school aid formula . LB484 is currently in referral .
LB651 , sponsored by Sen. Lou Ann Linehan of Elkhorn , would adopt the Nebraska Reading Improvement Act . This would require public schools to progress students from one grade to another based , in part , on reading proficiency . LB651 is currently in referral .
LB595 , sponsored by Sen. Mike Groene of North Platte , would allow teachers and administrators to use necessary force or physical restraint to subdue an unruly student . LB595 is currently in general file .
Executive Board
LB376 , sponsored by Sen. Jim Scheer of Norfolk , would donate the land at the Norfolk Regional Center to Northeast Community College . This land would then be used as a technology park . LB376 is currently in select file .
Government , Military , and Veterans Affairs
LR6 , sponsored by Sen. Steve Halloran of Hastings , would serve as Nebraska 's application for a convention of states under the authority of Article V of the United States Constitution for proposing constitutional amendments . LR6 is currently in general file .
LR1CA , sponsored by Sen. John Murante of Gretna , would let Nebraska voters decide whether photo identification should be required when voting . LR1CA is currently in referral .
LB34 , sponsored by Sen. Laura Ebke of Crete , would require that for any person filing as a partisan candidate , that affiliated party must have at least 10,000 registered voters in Nebraska . LB34 is currently in enrollment and review .
LB68 , sponsored by Sen. Mike Hilgers of Lincoln , would prohibit certain firearm regulations by local jurisdictions like counties and cities . LB68 is currently in general file .
LB75 , sponsored by Sen. Justin Wayne of Omaha , would restore voting rights of felons after they completed their sentences . LB75 is currently in select file .
LB222 , sponsored by Sen. Robert Clements of Elmwood , would restructure the Nebraska Tourism Commission 's governing board to provide better oversight and fully represent Nebraska tourism . LB222 is currently in E and R .
LB340 , sponsored by Sen. Tom Brewer of Gordon , would transfer all authority from the Division of Veterans ' Homes of the Department of Health and Human Services to the Department of Veterans ' Affairs . LB340 is currently in enrollment and review .
LB432 , sponsored by Sen. Steve Erdman of Bayard , would eliminate the ability of taxing entities to implement a delinquent tax . LB432 is currently in enrollment and review .
LB661 , sponsored by Sen. John Kuehn of Heartwell , would ensure confidentiality to those involved in the manufacturing , supplying or prescribing of lethal injection drugs . LB661 is currently in general file .
Health and Human Services
LB88 , sponsored by Sen. Carol Blood of Bellevue , would adopt the Interstate Medical Licensure Compact and the Nurse Licensure Compact . This would allow military spouses to get temporary licenses for a variety of professions if they meet equivalent requirements . LB88 is currently in enrollment and review .
LB91 , sponsored by Sen. Robert Hilkemann of Omaha , would provide better definitions of diseases for which infants are screened . It would also allow the Department of Health and Human Services to charge up to $ 20 for these screenings . LB91 is currently in select file .
LB195 , sponsored by Sen. Joni Craighead of Omaha , would require all health care facilities that provide mammography to include the patient 's breast tissue density classification in the mammography report to raise awareness of the impact of breast density on cancer detection .
LB195 is currently in enrollment and review .
LB223 , sponsored by Sen. Sara Howard of Omaha , would amend the Prescription Drug Monitoring Program . LB223 is currently in referral .
LB225 , sponsored by Sen. Sue Crawford of Bellevue , would allow the Department of Health and Human Services alternative response to provide support and service to families who are subject to child welfare reports . LB225 is currently in enrollment and review .
LB358 , sponsored by Sen. John McCollister of Omaha , would change eligibility provisions for families who receive support from the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program ( SNAP ) . Families would be able to receive raises or other income increases without losing SNAP eligibility . LB358 is currently in general file .
LB417 , sponsored by Sen. Merv Riepe of Ralston , would allow the Department of Health and Human Services to continue using alternative response to keep children at risk of child abuse and neglect safe . LB417 is currently in select file .
LB506 , sponsored by Sen. Joni Albrecht of Thurston , would adopt the Compassion and Care for Medically Challenging Pregnancies Act . This would require a physician to provide perinatal hospice care information to parents with an unborn child with a lethal fetal anomaly . LB506 is currently in enrollment and review .
LB578 , sponsored by Sen. Mike McDonnell of Omaha , would change Medicaid reimbursement for ground emergency medical transports . This would reimburse public and nonprofit transports the same as hospitals and other medical providers . LB578 is currently in referral .
Judiciary
LB122 , sponsored by Sen. Roy Baker of Lincoln , would not allow any caregiver to arbitrarily deny visitation to a person in a health care facility . LB122 is currently in enrollment and review .
LB158 , sponsored by Sen. Patty Pansing Brooks of Lincoln , would require appointment of counsel for a juvenile if a juvenile court petition is filed . LB158 is currently in general file .
LB173 , sponsored by Sen. Kate Bolz of Lincoln , would prohibit an employer from discriminating based on sexual orientation and gender identity . LB173 is currently in general file .
LB259 , sponsored by Sen. Matt Hansen of Lincoln , would provide county courts with the ability to consider competency motions and allow city attorneys the authority to file competency motions . LB259 is currently in referral .
LB268 , sponsored by Sen. Paul Schumacher of Columbus , would change state laws relating to reimbursement of Medicaid payments made by the State Department of Health and Human Services and would require applicants for Medicaid to disclose certain assets . LB268 is currently in general file .
LB444 , sponsored by Sen. Lynne Walz of Fremont , would prohibit cities or counties from cancelling health insurance provided to law enforcement officers if they are injured on duty . LB444 is currently in select file .
LB447 , sponsored by Sen. Ernie Chambers of Omaha , would eliminate mandatory minimum sentences from certain felonies . LB447 is currently in select file .
LB622 , sponsored by Sen. Anna Wishart of Lincoln , would adopt the Medical Cannabis Act . LB622 is currently in general file .
Revenue
LB44 , sponsored by Sen. Dan Watermeier of Syracuse , would adopt the Remote Seller Sales Tax Collection Act . This act would require remote sellers , even those online with no physical presence in Nebraska , to pay sales tax if their Nebraska revenue exceeds $ 100,000 or if there are 200 or more separate Nebraska transactions . LB44 is currently in general file .
LB161 , sponsored by Sen. Jim Smith of Papillion , would extend the carryover period from one to 20 years for companies that have or will file an application under the Nebraska Advantage Act . LB161 is currently in enrollment and review .
LB233 , sponsored by Sen. John Stinner of Gering , would change revenue and tax provisions . Some examples include : changing tax credit language in the Affordable Housing Tax Credit Act , repealing the Low-Income Home Energy Conservation Act and eliminating obsolete language for raffles and lotteries . LB233 is currently in general file .
LB291 , sponsored by Sen. Tyson Larson of O'Neill , would adopt the Special Economic Impact Zone Act . This would encourage more business on Indian reservations in Nebraska by offering businesses income and sales tax relief . LB291 is currently in enrollment and review .
LB337 , sponsored by Sen. Brett Lindstrom of Omaha , would defer tax rate reduction in 2019 if the State General Fund growth rate is less than 3.5 percent . The deferral would remain in effect between 2020 and 2026 unless the growth exceeds 4.2 percent . LB337 is currently in referral .
LB338 , sponsored by Sen. Lydia Brasch of Bancroft , would adopt the Agricultural Valuation Fairness Act . This bill would change ag land valuation in Nebraska from sale prices to income potential , with an eye toward lowering property taxes for farmers . LB338 is currently in referral .
LB535 , sponsored by Sen. Dan Hughes of Venango , would exempt oil , gas and mineral leases from having to file a Real Estate Transfer Statement with the register of deeds . LB535 is currently in select file .
LB640 , sponsored by Sen. Curt Friesen of Henderson , would change the Property Tax Credit Act and provide school district property tax relief . LB640 is currently in referral .
Transportation and Telecommunications
LB271 , sponsored by Sen. Suzanne Geist of Lincoln , would allow the Nebraska Department of Roads to assume certain responsibilities regarding national environmental laws . This would hasten construction projects by eliminating federal environmental approval . LB271 is currently in enrollment and revuew .
LB368 , sponsored by Sen. John Lowe of Kearney , would remove the requirement of a motorcycle rider , age 21 or over , to wear a helmet . The rider could instead only wear eye protection . This bill would also prohibit children 6 years or younger from being a passenger on a motorcycle on Nebraska highways . LB368 is currently in general file .
Urban Affairs
LB9 , sponsored by Sen. Bob Krist of Omaha , would adopt the Radon Resistant New Construction Act . This would establish a task force to review and recommend radon-resistant construction standards . LB9 is currently in enrollment and review .
LB496 , sponsored by Sen. Matt Williams of Gothenburg , would amend the Community Development Law to allow first and second class cities and villages to carry out construction of workforce housing . LB496 is currently in general file .
1 . Luke Heimlich set the tempo early . It can be easy to take the play from Heimlich for granted at times . On Friday , they improved to 4-0 on the season behind seven complete innings , in which they allowed two hits and two runs , striking out four . Although they are allowing more runs than last season , Heimlich continues to show why they are the best pitcher on the roster . The Beavers can breathe easier knowing they can open a series on a positive note , intimidating their opponents .
2 . The Beavers connected on the long ball . Four different players each contributed a homerun during the weekend . On Saturday , Trevor Larnach , Adley Rutschman and Cadyn Grenier each homered , helping to secure the victory for OSU . Michael Gretler then hit the sole homerun for the Beavers on Sunday , their second of the season . In their first Pac-12 road series , the Beavers maximized their chances while playing at Evans Diamond in Berkley . While OSU did not hit extremely well during the weekend , the increase in homeruns made up for a lack of scoring from the bases .
3 . Closing bullpen played well . Specifically , the performances from Brandon Eisert and Jake Mulholland stood out . Each pitcher played in relief and both appeared twice during the weekend . Eisert pitched a scoreless inning on Friday before Mulholland did the same one inning later , securing the first Beaver win . Eisert then entered the game on Saturday , giving up just two hits and a run in 2.2 innings of play to earn their second save of the season . On Sunday , Mulholland faced just two batters in the 9th inning , earning their eighth save of the season and sealing the clean sweep for OSU . Both pitchers have already played big for the Beavers during the regular season and they once again helped carry OSU to victory . It will be very beneficial in clutch situations if the Beavers can continue to rely on those strong performances .
4 . Beavers used Saturday 's rain delay to their advantage . Following a long 98-minute rain delay in the sixth inning of Saturday 's game , the Beavers offense came alive in the seventh . Rutschman blasted a two-run homerun to give OSU a 4-3 lead . The following inning , Grenier hit a two-run homerun and then Larnach , Rutschman and Preston Jones hit back-to-back-to-back doubles to give the Beavers an 8-3 lead . OSU would score twice more when Steven Kwan and Andy Armstrong reached home plate in the 9th inning . In total , the Beavers scored eight runs following the delay and swung the momentum their way to secure the victory . It was clear the Beavers wanted to win more than Cal because they responded to the delay by exploding for their best offensive performance of the weekend . It 's a sign of maturity and strict focus that OSU sharpened their play following the long break .
5 . Cadyn Grenier was complete on both sides . Grenier led the way with five hits over the weekend , while also securing three RBIs , one double , and a homerun . They extended their hitting streak to four games with a double in the T1 on Sunday and would later score on a wild pitch by Cal in the same inning . In addition , Grenier was also very active on defense . On Friday , they made an excellent sliding play for an out ; and on Saturday , they tracked down a well-struck grounder , made a full-circle spin move and made the throw to first . They followed those up on Sunday by somehow catching a sharp one-hopper , getting yet another out at first . Grenier continues to showcase why he 's one of the best shortstops in the country and is hitting better so far than last season .
The top 25 teams in The Associated Press ' women 's college basketball poll , with first-place votes in parentheses , records through Jan. 1 , total points based on 25 points for a first-place vote through one point for a 25th-place vote and last week 's ranking :
Record Pts Prv 1 . UConn ( 33 ) 13-0 825 1 2 . Baylor 13-1 781 3 3 . Maryland 13-1 739 4 4 . Mississippi St. 15-0 714 5 5 . South Carolina 11-1 691 6 6 . Florida St. 13-1 654 7 7 . Notre Dame 12-2 651 2 8 . Louisville 13-2 610 8 9 . UCLA 11-2 551 10 10 . Stanford 12-2 497 13 11 . Ohio St. 12-4 440 14 12 . Washington 14-2 418 9 13 . Duke 12-1 415 15 14 . Miami 11-2 405 11 15 . Texas 8-4 324 16 16 . Oregon St. 13-1 304 22 17 . West Virginia 13-1 289 12 18 . Virginia Tech 13-0 282 19 19 . Arizona St. 10-3 256 18 20 . Oklahoma 11-3 160 24 20 . California 13-1 160 21 22 . South Florida 11-1 146 23 23 . DePaul 10-4 88 — 24 . Kentucky 9-5 71 17 25 . Kansas St. 11-3 54 —
Others receiving votes : Tennessee 42 , Colorado 38 , Syracuse 37 , NC State 26 , Texas A & M 11 , Utah 10 , Mississippi 6 , Green Bay 5 , Michigan 5 , Southern Cal 5 , Boise St. 5 , Northwestern 4 , Marquette 3 , Oklahoma St. 2 , Georgia Tech 1 .
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform . Need help ? Email us
comments
Federal Insights : Learn the latest best practices and technologies to protect your organization from email-derived fraud .
Dockers are jumping onto the heritage bandwagon and will reintroduce its original logo from 1986 .
The wings and anchor logo had been created to speak to the brand 's West Coast roots and maritime aesthetic . The khaki pants were inspired by British longshoremen and brought to the U.S. by Dockers ' parent , San Francisco-based Levi Strauss & Co . It had n't been used since around 2000 .
“ As the creators of the khaki category , we are proud of our rich history . Returning to the original logo not only celebrates our roots and heritage , but signals a new chapter for our brand . Over 30 years ago , we changed the way men dressed . Today , we continue to give men that confidence and comfort they need to be ready for anything , ” said Karen Riley-Grant , vice president of global marketing for Dockers .
Janine Chilton-Faust , vice president of global design for Dockers , said the company actually worked with an outside artist and used the original stencil from artist Milton Glaser of I ♥ New York fame as the starting point .
In addition to the logo , Dockers will also revive its original navy and off-white label that it will use on its collection .
“ It 's a magical collision of what 's going on in the market and our brand , ” Chilton-Faust said . “ We 're the khaki authority and we 're going to amplify that by going back to our roots . ”
The logo will begin rolling out within the brand 's outlet stores this spring and will expand across the globe in the fall . It will be used on packaging , point-of-sale materials , shop branding and marketing materials .
“ Everything will be synergistic , ” Chilton-Faust said , adding that the rollout will be complete by 2019 .
Saudi Arabia 's Sedco Capital launches green investment strategy
June 15 Saudi Arabia 's Sedco Capital said on Thursday it has launched an investment strategy combining environment-conscious and sharia-compliant principles , as Islamic financial firms gradually embrace socially responsible investing .
What can we expect after AAZ 's return ?
Rumors were rife upon news of return of former President Zardari to Pakistan after a self-imposed exile.Muhammad Ahmed Pansota , a Lahore based lawyer who also figures as a legal analyst in the weekly program ‘ Zanjeer-e-Adal ' on Capital TV weekly says , “ Return of a very ‘ political ' leader to Pakistan after a self-imposed ‘ exile ' of eighteen months is likely to have serious consequential effects to the already ‘ dedicated ' PPP leadership working day and night in pursuit of ‘ Roti , Kapra and Makan ' . Some look at their return as part of an attempt to pull Nawaz Sharif out of rough ‘ panamic ' political ocean which may be true but this time PPP will have to bear a heavy cost in terms of a serious hit to its already non-existent reputation .
Bilawal with all their criticism comes across an extremely mature politician who unfortunately is being judged more on their ability to effectively converse in Urdu whereas we must not forget that their mother in terms of speaking urdu was even worse but later proved to be perhaps one the greatest leaders this country has ever produced .
Zardari 's return is expected to significantly dent Bilawal 's efforts of reviving a crashed political party . The most disturbing thing for me as a citizen of Pakistan is to see the eradication of leftist thought with the passage of time something which even Zia could not achieve with all theirs might . The reason lies embedded in Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto 's great politics .
Zardari this time will have to act more out prudence than political expediency if they want the party to have some representation in Punjab in the upcoming elections . They must continue with the narrative of exposing PML-N in general and MN 's in particular , as set out by Bilawal with great difficulty . PPP perhaps is the only political part which must not support immediate elections because it needs a lot of time to convey its manifesto to the masses that seem to have lost track of what PPP is actually in pursuit of . Our country is already divided politically on the provincial frontiers .
Zardari can play a pivotal role in reinstating their political party through the use of their nuisance value which they are a master of doing . ”
Announcement that not only Bilawal contest elections but also Zardari came as a surprise to all . Zardari is a master politician however , the fact remains they carry baggage . This is not likely to go away any time soon . Will theirs going to Parliament help PPP revive ? Will it not shift the course chartered by Bilawal using the springboard of popular politics to more wheeling and dealing ? Will Zardari 's return to Parliament not shrink space for Bilawal making them largely ineffective by putting them under their father 's shadow politically ?
PPP Chairman Bilawal is to replace Khursheed Ali Shah as Leader of the Opposition in National Assembly . “ “ Bilawal Bhutto will be the leader of the opposition and I will assist them as their adviser while their father will also guide them on parliamentary politics , ” Shah told journalists. ” ( Local newspaper December 29 , 2016 )
Bakhtawar and Aseefa will also take very active part in politics in Sindh . Punjab is to be made the hot seat for politics for PPP .
Wajid Shamsul Hasan , former High Commissioner of Pakistan to the United Kingdom writes , “ At long last former president Asif Ali Zardari has ‘ revealed ' the much speculated surprise . All rumours and speculations stand floundered . Breaking news is that both father and son would contest by-elections on seats vacated by their party National Assembly members in Sindh . Amidst oft repeated apprehensions “ loli-langri ” democracy is fledgling , one feel that there could not have been a better step to strengthen democracy , the Parliamentary system and the Parliament itself . It is in keeping with the Charter of Democracy that martyred leader Benazir Bhutto so painstakingly got it through as a consensus document with PML-N in 2006 to conceptualise road map for consolidating democracy , vendetta-free culture of tolerance , rule of law , transparent accountability , independent election commission , seniority as a principle for the promotion of judges , chiefs of armed forces and other vital institutional heads . This decision by father and son throws a damper on politics of confrontation and dharnas . It should be welcomed by Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and PML-N as a most constructive lesson for them to learn . If one were to compare the performance of PPP government and its two prime ministers during its five year tenure , their record of legislation and attendance leave PML-N miles behind . As a matter of fact , non-seriousness shown by the PM and their ministers in attending the parliamentary sessions and not taking its proceedings right-earnestly made it look like a very weak parliament . In its three years PML-N government had remained on tenterhooks . Former Army Chief General Raheel Sharif seemed to be under great pressure of the media and certain sections of public opinion to pack up PML-N government on account of its mega corruption especially Panama Gate . PML-N leadership showed scant respect for Parliament . Non-attendance by the Prime Minister and their ministers had created dangerously wide space for an extra-constitutional intervention especially when Chief Justice of Pakistan and various judges of the Supreme Court and provincial high courts in their observations repeatedly passed strictures against the government for lack of performance , galloping corruption , deplorable law and order situation amounting to its outright indictment for gross failure to deliver . Asif Zardari had shown the democratic way forward by sustaining democracy for five years after the demise of the previous regime . Irrespective of the fact that media continued to play doomsayers predicting their fall by the hour , they sustained their government despite various challenges . Completion of the tenure and transfer of power to an elected government was indeed a landmark achievement and recognition of their brinkmanship . Not only that , later their support to sustain MNS in 2014 by rallying Parliamentary support for them when dharna master was sure of “ umpire 's “ finger to come into play to satisfy their itch for power . ”
PTI is open to joining hands with PPP over Panama gate scandal . Can PPP revive with going along with PML-N ? This seems unlikely . Would PPP take a stand on Panama gate using it as a spring board for some degree of a comeback ? If no , which populist base will it use to help PPP regain its popular appeal ? Does PPP plan to act like a “ true opposition ” ? Time will tell .
One thing is certain . PPP is fighting to increase its space . It can not afford a false step .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
By The Associated Press
BOSTON ( AP ) — A former executive at a Massachusetts compounding pharmacy blamed for a national meningitis outbreak that killed 64 people in 2012 is headed for trial .
Barry Cadden is charged with 25 counts of murder and other offenses under federal racketeering laws .
Their trial is scheduled to start Wednesday in U.S. District Court in Boston , with jury selection expected to get underway Friday .
Cadden was the co-founder and head pharmacist of the New England Compounding Center in Framingham .
Prosecutors say the center used expired ingredients and failed to follow cleanliness standards , resulting in tainted steroid injections . More than 750 people in 20 states fell ill in 2012 , and 64 died .
Cadden pleaded not guilty and is free on bail . Their lawyer has said that federal prosecutors overreached in charging them with murder .
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform . Need help ? Email us
comments
March 31 Greaterchina Professional Services Ltd -
* Lender entered into loan agreement with customer
* Pursuant to loan lender agreed to grant to customer , an independent third party , loan facility of hk $ 64 million
* Funding of loan facility with net proceeds from an issuance of promissory note by group in March 2017 .
* Lender is Colbert Finance Limited , a unit of co Source text ( bit.ly/2mVH0He ) Further company coverage :
Britain 's Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Damian Green arrives in Downing Street for a cabinet meeting , in London , November 15 , 2016 . REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
LONDON Britain 's ruling Conservative Party 's election manifesto will focus on Brexit and domestic concerns , such as strengthening the economy and putting a cap on energy prices , Work and Pensions minister Damian Green said on Sunday .
`` The manifesto will deal with two big issues facing the country - one obviously is the Brexit negotiations ... but the other half , which is equally important , is indeed the domestic agenda , '' they told ITV 's Peston on Sunday programme .
`` There will be a lot about energy policy in the manifesto ... I think that people feel that some of the big energy companies have taken advantage of them with the tariffs . ''
( Reporting by Elizabeth Piper . Editing by Jane Merriman )
By Jason Keidel
When the season narrowed to a playoff pitch , a few topics seemed to dominate the NBA airwaves . We had the whole rest issue , which became rather restless chatter . Do players really need to take so many games off , and for nationally televised games ? Who wins the MVP tug-o-war between the electric James Harden and triple-double machine Russell Westbrook ?
And the topic du jour as we finally enter the NBA playoffs is the pseudo-tanking , it 's not capsizing , of the Cleveland Cavaliers . Some have even breached the blasphemous , by asserting that the Cavs could actually fall short of the NBA Finals .
Adding to the mushrooming sense of doubt , the Cavs squeaked by the Indiana Pacers , 109-108 , in the first game of their playoff series .
Theories abound . The players do n't really like each other , a fake band of brothers . Kyrie Irving is n't playing with the same passion or production as they did during their scalding ascent to the NBA championship last year . Kevin Love never really fit , the ultimate outsider in the huddle . Tyronn Lue is more friend than formidable presence as coach , and last year 's magic was more the result of a big bro hug than hardwood stratagem .
And , of course , we have LeBron , who is playing to the point of passing out , exhausted and enervated and emaciated by the biblical minutes he 's played . Six straight years going to the NBA Finals . The millions of miles on airplanes , plowing through airports , the hotels . The preseason games . The Olympics . LeBron 's entire calendar has been booked for the last dozen years . Their season starting at the Summer Olympics and ending the following summer in the Finals . Eventually , LeBron just wo n't be able to carry the load on their epic shoulders . Eventually .
> > MORE : Commentary from CBS Local Sports Voices
But do you really want to bet against LeBron James , who has their mail forwarded to the NBA Finals ? He 's reached the last round in six straight seasons ?
Not to be a Pollyanna , but there is some cause for concern . On January 1 , Cleveland 's record was a robust 25-7 , for a .781 winning percentage . Since New Year 's Day , the Cavs are 26-24 , winning just 52 percent of their games . Or if you prefer to slice the season exactly in half , consider that on Jan 20 Cleveland was still a well-oiled 30-11 , for a .732 winning percentage . Since then they went 21-20 , for a .512 mark . Whatever was working in Cleveland since January of last year , stopped working by the end of January of this year .
It 's a series of clashing stats . Do you believe their .500 record since January , or LeBron 's incessant trips to the NBA Finals ? Do you believe this year , when Cleveland has ranked a woeful 22nd in defense , or the fact that LeBron has won 18 straight first-round playoff games ? From the All-Star Game until the end of March , the Cavaliers were 29th in defensive rating , allowing 112.6 points per 100 possessions . And in March alone they got even worse , allowing 113.7 points .
Then we have LeBron 's rather incongruous history . King James has entered the postseason as the No . 2 seed five times in their career and reached the NBA Finals every time . So clearly they need not be the chalk to walk into June . And should LBJ make one more trip to the championship round , they would be the first to get there seven times in a row since… Bill Russell .
And if we 're worried about the roster , consider that they 're atypically healthy right now . And that King James has willed far worse teams into the championship round . Consider their maiden trip to the last round , the Shannon Brown ( who ? ) juggernaut of 2007 . LeBron was flanked by Daniel Gibson , Drew Gooden and Donyell Marshall . And they still won three playoff series , before getting spanked by the Spurs , back when Tim Duncan and was still in their prime , as were their merry band of ballers , Tony Parker and Manu Ginobili .
It 's always perilous to take a pre-playoff snooze , in any sport . In the NFL , there are countless accounts of teams that dash out to great seasons then take the last few weeks off . Peyton Manning and their Colts did that a few times , once even starting 13-0 then not even reaching the Super Bowl .
But in the NBA , one player has a far stronger grip on the team and its overall performance . Russell Westbrook is a walking highlight reel , and their Oscar Robertson redux has made for splendid viewing and a fine , singular aesthetic . But they do n't have LeBron 's chops or the King 's uncanny unselfishness , which makes everyone on their team better .
If King James is to lose a few jewels or their entire crown , it wo n't be until June , when they likely faces the team they vanquished last year . The Warriors are coming out to play . And the rest of the world can just watch .
Jason writes a weekly column for CBS Local Sports . They are a native New Yorker , sans the elitist sensibilities , and believes there 's a world west of the Hudson River . A Yankees devotee and Steelers groupie , they have been scouring the forest of fertile NYC sports sections since the 1970s . They have written over 500 columns for WFAN/CBS NY , and also worked as a freelance writer for Sports Illustrated and Newsday subsidiary amNew York . They made their bones as a boxing writer , occasionally covering fights in Las Vegas , Atlantic City , but mostly inside Madison Square Garden . Follow them on Twitter @ JasonKeidel .
FILE PHOTO - One of two Soyuz spacecrafts docked with the International Space Station is featured in this image photographed by a crew member aboard the station while Space Shuttle Endeavour ( STS-127 ) was docked with the station in this NASA handout photo taken July 25 , 2009 . Courtesy NASA/Handout via REUTERS
FILE PHOTO - The International Space Station is seen in this view from the space shuttle Discovery after the undocking of the two spacecraft in this photo provided by NASA and taken March 7 , 2011 . Courtesy NASA/Handout via REUTERS
COLORADO SPRINGS , Colo. Russia is open to extending its partnership in the International Space Station with the United States , Europe , Japan and Canada beyond the currently planned end of the program in 2024 , the head of the Russian space agency said on Tuesday .
“ We are ready to discuss it , ” Igor Komarov , general director of the Russian space agency Roscosmos , told reporters at the U.S. Space Symposium in Colorado Springs , when asked if their country would consider a four-year extension .
The $ 100 billion science and engineering laboratory , orbiting 250 miles ( 400 km ) above Earth , has been permanently staffed by rotating crews of astronauts and cosmonauts since November 2000 .
The U.S. space agency , NASA , spends about $ 3 billion a year on the space station program , a level of funding that is endorsed by the Trump administration and Congress .
A U.S. House of Representatives committee that oversees NASA has begun looking at whether to extend the program beyond 2024 , or use the money to speed up planned human space initiatives to the moon and Mars .
Komarov said many medical and technological issues remain to be resolved before humans travel beyond the station 's orbit .
“ I think that we need to prolong our cooperation in low-Earth orbit because we have n't resolved all the issues and problems that we face now , ” Komarov said .
The U.S.-Russian human space partnership has long endured despite the swirl of political tensions between the two countries . In 1975 , for example , at the height of the Cold War , an American Apollo and Russian Soyuz capsule docked together in orbit .
`` We appreciate that ... political problems do not touch this sphere , ” Komarov said .
Moscow has an alternative if relations with the United States sour . Russia last year unveiled a plan to detach some of its modules and use them to create a new , independent outpost in orbit .
“ We adjusted and made some minor changes in our programs ... but it does n't mean that we do n't want to continue our cooperation , '' Komarov said . `` We just want to be on the safe side and make sure we can continue our research . ”
The United States is dependent on Russia 's propellant module to keep the station in orbit .
( Editing by Steve Gorman and Bill Trott )
Update : Right now , the Kimbho app has been removed from Google Play Store . While the reason remains unknown , a Twitter user claims that the swadeshi app has been removed as it featured Pakistani model Mowra Hocane . We believe that the app will be made available soon for users .
Lately , Patanjali and BSNL teamed up to introduce the Swadeshi Samriddi SIM cards . Following the same , Baba Ramdev has announced the launch of a desi messaging app called Kimbho to take on WhatsApp . This app is available for download on Android devices via the Google Play Store . The tagline for the Kimbho `` Ab Bharat Bolega '' .
Kimbho is a messaging app with many features . The app store description claims that this app is fast and is powered by the advance socket technology enabling real-time messaging . It is also touted to be secure as the messages are AES encrypted . Kimbho supports ghost chatting , wipe out feature , and auto delete messages .
Kimbho features
You send custom messages in a single click with this app . Also , it is possible to personalize the app using your themes . You just have to choose a wallpaper and add a fresh experience to the app . Ensuring privacy , it lets you block users and leave a conversation . The app description claims that the data is not saved on their servers or cloud .
What 's interesting is that the app lets you share anything such as photos , videos , stickers , GIF , location , contacts , links and more . It lets you carry out group chats and video calling as well . Moreover , the desi messaging platform is ad-free . As of now , the app has 1000 plus downloads . We have downloaded the app and will be using the app to uncover all the features .
The company 's spokesperson SK Tijarawala tweeted : `` Now Bharat will speak . After launching sim cards , baba Ramdev has launched a new messaging application called Kimbho . Now WhatsApp will be given a competition . Our own # SwadeshiMessagingplatform . Download it directly from Google Play Store . ''
Swadeshi Samriddi SIM cards
Talking about the Patanjali-BSNL Swadeshi Samriddhi SIM cards , it will be available only for the employees and office bearers of Patanjali initially . Once it is launched commercially , users of this SIM card can reportedly get 10 % discount on a range of Patanjali products with this card . As of now , this SIM card will come with benefits such as 2GB data , 100 SMS and unlimited calls for Rs . 144 . It includes health , accidental and life insurances too .
In this screen grab taken from video provide by the Central Election Commision ( CEC ) via Navalny Opposition Group on Sunday , March 18 , 2018 in Tambov , Russia , a man allegedly stuffs ballots into a ballot box at a polling station . Russian election officials say they are looking into several incidents of ballot stuffing in the presidential vote . ( Navalny Opposition Group via AP )
In this screen grab taken from video provide by the Central Election Commision ( CEC ) via Navalny Opposition Group on Sunday , March 18 , 2018 in Tambov , Russia , a man allegedly stuffs ballots into a ballot box at a polling station . Russian election officials say they are looking into several incidents of ballot stuffing in the presidential vote . ( Navalny Opposition Group via AP )
MOSCOW ( AP ) - Social networks buzzed all day Sunday with videos , photos and firsthand accounts of voting violations in Russia 's presidential election .
Election authorities said they will investigate all irregularities and annul results where needed . But the breadth of the reports was striking , and they may cast a shadow on the victory by incumbent Vladimir Putin .
Video authenticated by The Associated Press showed some of the apparent irregularities . Some also were reported by observers including representatives of opposition leader Alexei Navalny , the Golos monitoring group and ordinary Russians . Some examples :
BALLOT-BOX STUFFING
CCTV footage of a voting station in the Moscow suburb of Lyubertsy shows a woman taking a ballot from a table , looking around to see if anyone is watching , then putting it in the box . They repeat the action , again and again . Another woman , apparently a colleague at the station , joins them
A video from Ilskhan-Yurt in Chechnya shows a man in a white cap repeatedly putting ballots in the same box .
In the Primorsky region of the Far East , a woman pulls papers from their jacket and stuffs them in the box .
Dozens of other examples of apparent ballot box stuffing were posted online .
The regional election commission said the results from the Lyubertsy station would be invalidated . Authorities sealed a ballot box in the southern city of Rostov-on-Don where ballot stuffing was reported , and are investigating similar allegations in Artyom in the far east .
ASSAULTING OBSERVERS
Video from a polling station in Makhachkala in the Caucasus Mountains republic of Dagestan showed local official Magomet Rasulov appearing to punch observer Malik Butaev before being led out by police .
Aida Mirmaksumova , who is collecting violations in Makhachkala , said burly men dressed in black dragged an observer for Communist Party candidate Pavel Grudinin on the ground as they shouted , `` Help ! '' Others yelled : `` Get out of here ! '' Amid the melee , people were seen stuffing what appeared to be ballots into a ballot box .
Zukhrab Omarov , an observer for liberal candidate Grigory Yavlinsky , said they were dragged away by police as they were trying to shoot video of violations in Makhachkala .
`` They asked me to show my passport with my registrations , they were asking what I were doing and why , and they said that they would break my nose . They asked me why we were filming and they destroyed all the videos of the violations that we had taken , but some of them are already online , '' Omarov said , displaying bruises and ripped pants from the incident .
FORCED VOTING
Residents in Perm , Yekaterinburg and Moscow showed the AP messages from employers pressuring workers to vote and requiring them to report on when and where they cast ballots . One worker said they feared they would n't get their monthly bonus if they did n't .
In Kudrovo in the Leningradsky region outside St. Petersburg , observer Sergei Dzhus discovered people apparently bused in to a traditionally low-turnout area to boost participation .
`` From the very beginning , there were many , many people who came to our polling station , '' they told the AP . They followed one group getting on a bus , but as they filmed , they said members of the group tried to shield their identities from the camera and refused to answer theirs questions .
Central Election Commission deputy chief Nikolai Bulayev defended the practice of busing voters to voting stations as `` help '' for those in remote areas poorly served by public transport .
GIMMICKS
There also were turnout-boosting gimmicks and state-funded campaigns , which were not technically illegal but tacitly helped the incumbent .
In Moscow , health officials offered cancer screening and discounted food products at polling stations . Some towns staged dancing , sports competitions and clown acts .
Prizes were offered at some polls for voters who wore the best costumes , and some people came dressed as bears , folk characters and medieval knights .
In the Leningradsky region , one man was photographed dressed as a Sarmat ballistic missile - perhaps hoping to capture the attention of the Kremlin as it expands its nuclear arsenal .
___
Associated Press writers Angela Charlton and Kate de Pury in Moscow contributed .
Federal and local authorities are currently investigating a series of mysterious booms reported in Upper Bucks and Lehigh Counties in eastern Pennsylvania .
According to the Springfield Township police , there have been multiple reports of loud explosions during the early-morning hours since April 2 . The most recent explosion occurred just after 4 a.m. Tuesday near Springfield Township . So far , there have been no reported injuries from the explosions .
`` I thought that somebody was making a tunnel or space junk fell out of the sky , '' Susan Crompton , who lives in Haycock Township , told CBS Philly last week .
`` It 's a rumble , it actually like rumbles the ground like an earthquake would happen but with a loud like boom , '' Crompton added .
`` Our local , state and federal law enforcement agencies all take these events very seriously and are working diligently to protect the citizens of our community , '' Pennsylvania State Police Troop M officials wrote in a May 29 statement .
`` Fortunately , to date , no one has been injured ; however , we are attempting to prevent someone from accidentally getting injured by these explosions , including the individual responsible . These events disrupt emergency response personnel from their normal course of duty , straining local resources and impeding emergency personnel from responding to other calls for service , '' the statement goes on to say .
`` We are counting on assistance from members of our community to keep our countries safe . We are asking everyone to please remain vigilant and to pay attention to events and persons around you . ''
Agriculture is Just One of the Industries Affected by Gridlock and Fuel Running Out
São Paulo ( DTN ) — Many people know São Paulo because of its bad traffic . But , it is not the case today . Even in the busiest street , some people are walking , some bikes pass by , a few buses and cars drive by easily . Many companies allow people to work from home , or just closed shop .
A truck drivers ' strike from last week almost shutdown the city , no , actually the whole country of Brazil . The situation is creating turmoil in South America 's largest economy as gas stations have run empty and a broad array of industries is being affected as a result .
“ This situation is the worst in my life , ” said Alexandre Girard , Director of IBN Assessoria & Investimentos in São Paulo . “ Because all the diesel and gasoline are shipped by trucks throughout the country , a truck drivers ' strike actually has a larger impact on all ( the ) transportation system that depends on fuels . ”
President Michel Temer announced an agreement had been reached to end the strike by lowering diesel prices , news reports stated , but the gridlock and protests continued into Tuesday .
Though it looks like the strike is mostly affecting people 's daily lives , it also is affecting the country 's agriculture industry , from the production side to processing and exporting side .
“ Some farmers started harvesting their corn last week , it is still not the season of full speed harvesting , so the impact on second crop corn harvesting is limited , ” said Ricardo Arioli Silva , a farmer in Mato Grosso . “ Many farmers have their diesel tank that can run the farm for one week . If the strike keeps going on , we will definitely have problems . ”
Though the current impact on harvest is limited , Silva believes that the impact on processing and livestock is big . “ I talked with a slaughterhouse manager and some livestock farmers today and realized that they had problems shipping their meat out because there are no trucks , so they have to shut down the operation and animals have to be in the ( pen ) for more days . ”
Soybean crushing plants are also being affected . Most crushing plants have stopped their activities since the first days of the strike . Even though crushing plants , at the moment , still have a high level of soybean stocks , they have a small storage capacity for oil and meal — about two to three days production capacity . Due to the lack of trucks for expedition , crushers have no other choice but shut them down .
Another impact of the strike is being felt at the ports . Some of the main port terminals in Brazil already stopped operations , though others still are able to operate counting on their existing stocks plus their pipelines . “ Even if the strike stops today , it is inevitable that most ship-loaders throughout the country will stop due to the lack of grains , ” said a chief operating officer of one of the largest trading houses in the country . “ The pipelines to feed the ports will take about two or three days to get back to normal after trucks start moving again , ” they added .
ANEC , the Brazilian Association for Grains & Oilseeds Exporters , already sent a memo claiming the “ Force Majeure Clause ” for those cases where vessels will have to wait more than expected to berth due to the strike .
“ We all thought that the situation would be better and drivers would go back to work as the government threatened strikers to stop blocking the roads or they would use the army to clear them last night , ” said Victor Manuel Simoes Pinto in an email . Pinto is the director of Cargonave , a port service company in Paranagua , one of Brazil 's largest soybean export ports .
But , things are keep going on . “ You see occasional trucks parked in the ports but they are empty and must want to go back home , Pinto said .
So far , the strike is keep going on and the situation is getting worse .
Assistant Professor Seok Kim and graduate students Zining Yang and Jun Kyu Park have developed a design construct inspired in part by the surface of butterflies and snakes , where flexible skins are fully covered by rigid , discrete scales .
Their work , `` Magnetically Responsive Elastomer-Silicon Hybrid Surfaces for Fluid and Light Manipulation , '' was recently featured on the cover of Small .
Their new surface design features rigid scales assembled into soft , ferromagnetic micropillars on a flexible substrate in a predesigned manner by transfer printing-based deterministic assembly . The nanostructured silicon scales on the magnetically responsive elastomer micropillar array enables fluid and light manipulation . The functional properties of the surface are dictated by the scales ' patterns , while the micropillar array is magnetically actuated with large-range , instantaneous , and reversible deformation .
Kim and their researchers were able to design , characterize , and analyze a wide range of functions , such as tunable wetting , droplet manipulation , tunable optical transmission , and structural coloration , by incorporating a wide range of scales -- bare silicon , black silicon , and photonic crystal scales -- in both in-plane and out-of-plane configurations .
Magnetically response materials like soft elastomers loaded with magnetic particles , are desirable for their real-time manipulation of fluid , light , solid particles , and living cells - thanks to their instantaneous structural tenability under a magnetic field . However , due to the fabrication process , most existing surfaces of this kind are limited in their functional ability .
Compared with common responsive surface with simple design ( the magnetic micropillar array ) , the surface developed in our work not only has enhanced performance in directional liquid spreading and optical transmission tuning , but also enables novel functions such as droplet manipulation and dynamic structural coloration , '' said Yang , PhD candidate and first author of the study .
Their results suggest a versatile platform for both fluid and light manipulations at both the micro and macroscale . Potential applications can be found in digital microfluidics , biomedical devices , virtual blinds , camouflage surfaces , and micromirror arrays . Further work could also result in more biomimetic functionalities such as robotic locomotion , swimming , self-cleaning , and solid object manipulation . Their design could also be integrated with active devices such as solar cells , light emitting diodes , and lasers as scales to form novel flexible optoelectronics .
Kim is a leading scientist in advanced transfer printing and transfer printing-based microassembly .
# # #
It was only last week when the Chinese smartphone manufacturer launched the LeEco Le Pro 3 AI Edition . Now , a new image of the alleged LeEco Le X920 has just been spotted online , which is expected to be the company 's next smartphone .
If you can remember , the LeEco Le X920 had made appearances in earlier leaks as well . This model was seen in a leaked video a few weeks back , which let us take a good look at the design of the smartphone . This latest leak reveals the design of the Le X920 along with some of its probable specifications . As we can see from the image , the front camera of the device will be accompanied by a flash .
Also Read : LeEco Le Pro 3 AI Edition launched : Price , specifications and more
According to listed specifications , the smartphone will be powered by a Snapdragon 820 processor . This could mean that the Le X920 was supposed to be launched last year , but could n't due to the financial problems faced by LeEco . Further , the device is expected to run on Android 6.0 Marshmallow with EUI 5 on top of it .
Keeping in line with the previous leaks that suggested that the LeEco Le X920 would ship with a 6.3-inch 2K display , the size of the device quite large as seen from the image .
While this latest image does n't offer us a rear view of the smartphone , it is reported to feature a dual camera setup at the back .
As of now , we do n't have any more information regarding the other specifications and pricing details of the Le X920 . Also , we do n't know when the company plans to launch the smartphone .
Source Via
Adjuster : Actuals Est . Tckts 1929 1924 1910
NOTE : If daily grosses stop for a movie , it means that the respective studio is no longer tracking it on a daily basis . The exceptions are New Line , Miramax/Dimension and Sony Pictures Classics . They do n't do official daily box office , and estimates are made for their movies based on partial data in order to fill out the top 12 . Because of this , movies from these studios are more apt to disappear from the daily chart .
The Citizen 's James Bagnall has been nominated for a prestigious business journalism award for their investigative story examining how the federal government 's plan to modernize its email , data centres and telecommunications went so badly awry .
Bagnall 's story is nominated in the investigative category of the annual Best in Business awards sponsored by the Society of American Business Editors and Writers Canada .
There were 27 finalists in nine categories for the awards . “ Selecting finalists was an especially challenging task for our 27 judges , highlighting not only the depth and quality of business journalism in Canada , but also the valuable role it plays , ” said the organization 's chairperson , Dawn Calleja , in a statement .
Bagnall 's 5,437-word feature , called Built to Fail , chronicled how politics undermined the introduction of a new government department , Shared Service Canada , which was created to manage about one-third of the federal government 's $ 5-billion-a-year technology services budget .
Bagnall explained how cabinet ministers and bureaucrats underestimated the complexity and risk of the department 's mandate to simultaneously streamline and modernize the government 's electronic backbone while keeping the old technology running .
When their article was published in November 2016 , all of Shared Services ' core projects were behind schedule . Not only had promised savings not materialized , but the agency was spending tens of millions of dollars more than forecast to maintain networks that should have been decommissioned .
Bagnall , the Citizen 's associate business editor , has been recognized numerous times for the quality of their work . They have won five national awards for business journalism , including a National Newspaper Award .
“ I am so pleased to see Jim 's work recognized with this nomination , ” said Citizen editor-in-chief Michelle Richardson . “ His investigative feature on the issues facing Shared Services , and their ongoing coverage of the federal government 's information-technology struggles , exemplify the kind of journalism that uncovers boondoggles and holds power to account . ”
The winners will be announced Wednesday in Toronto .
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
Elon Musk showed off their new 280-character Twitter limit in the best way possible Thursday morning : musing about the Singularity with the official Rick and Morty Twitter account .
The Tesla and SpaceX CEO first revealed they watched the sci-fi show back in August only after a fan asked the question on everyone 's mind .
Musk said that while the show disgusts them from time-to-time , he 's a fan , and it 's 30 minutes they enjoy sharing with their five sons . Very sweet . Rick and Morty responded by promising to disgust the entire Musk family with the third season clincher . Also very sweet .
And Rick and Morty delivered on its promise ! Musk said the season three finale was `` disgustingly good '' . That compliment quickly escalated to Musk 's musings about the Singularity , as can only happen when you 're in a Twitter thread with a billionaire trying to colonise Mars .
`` Kinda '' disgusting ? Just wait . We 'll have the whole Musk family fully disgusted by the end of the season . — Rick ( ( ( and Morty ) ) ) ( @ RickandMorty ) August 23 , 2017
Final episode was disgustingly good — Elon Musk ( @ elonmusk ) October 5 , 2017
The singularity for this level of the simulation is coming soon . I wonder what the levels above us look like .
Good chance they are less interesting and deeper levels are better . So far , even our primitive sims are often more entertaining than reality itself . — Elon Musk ( @ elonmusk ) October 5 , 2017
I know that closet is nice and warm , but it 's time you admitted you are one of the creators of the next one . Everyone already knows and we will still love you just as much ( almost ) . — Elon Musk ( @ elonmusk ) October 5 , 2017
We should definitely get a room ... — Elon Musk ( @ elonmusk ) October 5 , 2017
Hell yeah , with that crew , we will party like Escobar and Cobain wish they could 've partied ! ! — Elon Musk ( @ elonmusk ) October 5 , 2017
The Singularity , the theory that machine intelligence will one day surpass our own , is one of Musk 's favourite topics . Musk even launched a $ US1 billion startups , OpenAI , to ensure AI does n't ultimately pose an existential threat to humanity and turn us all into house cats .
Musk also loves to spend time debating whether or not we 're in a simulation . They have said there 's only `` a billion-to-one chance we 're living in base reality '' .
So there you have it : Musk is debating whether the singularity has already been achieved in other simulations .
It 's a premise that fits very nicely with Adult Swim 's Rick and Morty , which explains why Musk likes it so much . The entire premise of the show is that there are an infinite amount of universes with an infinite amount of timelines .
This article was originally published by Business Insider .
More from Business Insider :
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The Latest on President Donald Trump and the weekend 's violence and death in Charlottesville , Virginia ( all times local ) :
12:45 p.m .
President Donald Trump is saying that “ racism is evil ” as they condemn the KKK , neo-Nazis and white supremacists as “ criminals and thugs . ”
They are speaking in the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House after meeting with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and FBI director Christopher Wray about the race-fueled violence Saturday in Charlottesville , Virginia .
Trump has come under fire for their comments Saturday that “ many sides ” are to blame for the violence . In those remarks , they did not single out white supremacists or any other hate group , even as Republican lawmakers and others in their White House did condemn them by name .
___
11 a.m .
President Donald Trump is back at the White House and ignoring shouted questions about the race-fueled clashes in in Charlottesville , Virginia .
Trump briefly waved as they walked alone into the building , which is under renovation . They did not respond to loud queries from reporters about whether they condemn white supremacists and whether they condemn the actions of neo-Nazis .
One woman was killed Saturday when a car plowed into a group of counter-protesters who 'd gathered to oppose a rally by white nationalists and others who oppose a plan to remove from a Charlottesville park of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee .
Trump has said “ many sides ” are to blame for violence .
The president is in Washington for one day during a working vacation mostly in Bedminster , New Jersey .
___
9:20 a.m .
The CEO of the nation 's third largest pharmaceutical company is resigning from the President 's American Manufacturing Council citing “ a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism . ”
President Donald Trump lashed out almost immediately Monday at Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier on Twitter , saying Frazier “ will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES ! ”
Frazier 's resignation comes shortly after a violent confrontation between white supremacists and protesters in Charlottesville , Virginia , that left one person dead and 19 injured . They said in a tweet on Monday that the country 's leaders must “ honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred , bigotry and group supremacy . ”
Trump responded to Saturday 's violence in Charlottesville by blaming bigotry on “ many sides. ” They have not explicitly condemned the white supremacists .
___
9:15 a.m .
Attorney General Jeff Sessions is telling ABC 's “ Good Morning America ” that the death of a woman in Charlottesville , Virginia , “ does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute . ”
Sessions said the Justice Department is pursuing the case “ in every way . ”
They added : “ You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought , because this is an unequivocally unacceptable and evil attack that can not be accepted in America . ”
Sessions also says they are meeting with President Donald Trump and officials from the FBI on Monday to discuss the recent violence in Charlottesville , Virginia .
___
7:00 a.m .
Attorney General Jeff Sessions says “ too much has been read into ” President Donald Trump 's statement Saturday amid violence at a protest in Charlottesville , Virginia , related to the removal of a Confederate monument .
In several television interviews on Monday , Sessions said Trump had “ explicitly condemned ” violence and that “ he totally opposes ” the values espoused by white supremacy organizations . Trump referenced violence “ on many sides . ”
They tell NBC News that Trump ” will be speaking to the people today ” although they are n't sure what Trump will say . Sessions added : “ He 's been firm on this from the beginning . They are appalled by this . ”
___
3:44 a.m .
As President Donald Trump remained out of sight and silent , pressure mounted from both sides of the aisle for them to explicitly condemn white supremacists and hate groups involved in deadly , race-fueled clashes in Charlottesville , Virginia .
Trump , who has been at their New Jersey golf club on a working vacation , was set to make a one-day return to Washington on Monday to sign an executive action on China 's trade practices . But they will likely be unable to escape questions and criticism for their initial response to the Saturday 's violence , for which they blamed bigotry on “ many sides . ”
The White House tried to stem the damage on Sunday . Senior aides were dispatched to the morning news shows , yet they struggled at times to explain the president 's position . A new White House statement on Sunday explicitly denounced the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups , but it was attributed to an unnamed spokesperson and not the president himself .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
[ India ] , Mar 20 ( ANI ) : Task Force personnel of North Zone , in a joint operation with the local police , on Monday conducted simultaneous raids in the limits of Abids and Kulsumpura , busted two organised cricket betting gangs and apprehended four bookies .
Cash worth Rs 7,72,000 , two televisions , two set-top boxes , ten cell phones and one calculator were also recovered from their possession .
The arrested bookies go by the names of Suresh Kumar Vyas , Pawan Agarwal , Santosh Kumar Varma and Navrkale Lakhan .
They used to collect huge betting amounts from the agents and punters directly and indirectly . ( ANI )
President Dwight D. Eisenhower standing at a table at the White House , during a news conference at the White House . In the period when democracy planted deep roots in Western Europe and was thriving in the United States , conservative parties were led by figures such as Eisenhower in the United States .
WASHINGTON — Political opponents can not be expected to lavish boundless affection on those they battle day after day .
But in a well-ordered democratic system , those who fight on behalf of competing parties , interests and ideas can usually find some room for mutual esteem and even occasionally try to profit intellectually from each other . It 's when politics becomes unhinged that we squander the gift of social learning through reasoned argument .
The last several days underscore why not only political progressives but genuine moderates are at wit 's end with the Republican Party and what passes for contemporary American conservatism .
If conservatism in the United States has claimed to stand for anything , it is the idea that government authority should be limited . Conservatives regularly argue ( especially when Democrats are in the White House ) that the executive 's clout should be checked and that legitimate law enforcement authorities deserve our respect , particularly when they are investigating abuses of power .
The behavior of House Republicans in demanding former FBI director James B. Comey 's memos about their conversations with President Trump , which were subsequently leaked to the media , shows a GOP that has abandoned all principle . It is willing to do whatever it takes to protect a president who has no regard for the truth , the law or established norms .
Any doubts that Republicanism and conservatism have given themselves over to one man , their whims and their survival were dispelled by the GOP 's use of the congressional oversight process to undermine a legitimate probe into a hostile power 's interference in our elections .
As it happens , the actual memos are embarrassing to Trump and support Comey 's veracity . And if the Republicans ' obstructionist triumvirate of Reps. Devin Nunes of California , Bob Goodlatte of Virginia and Trey Gowdy of South Carolina had hoped to prove that Comey leaked classified information , the memos reveal exactly the opposite .
It should be stunning that the chairs of the Intelligence , Judiciary and Oversight Committees are more interested in doing Trump 's bidding than in figuring out how Vladimir Putin may have helped to elect our current president . It 's possible to imagine that , somewhere , Ronald Reagan is weeping .
This episode speaks to a larger question : that the corruption of American conservatism is the primary cause of our inability to have constructive debates that move us to resolve issues rather than ignore them .
The ongoing frustration of many of us who really did respect conservatism once upon a time is not just about the movement 's capitulation to Trump . It is also triggered by the supposedly substantive side of the news : The only thing Republicans in Congress know how to do now that their corporate tax cut has proved to be unpopular is — to propose more tax cuts . There is an emptiness where problem-solving conservatism used to be .
In the period when democracy planted deep roots in Western Europe and was thriving in the United States , conservative parties were led by figures such as Dwight Eisenhower in the United States , Harold Macmillan in Britain , Konrad Adenauer in West Germany and Charles de Gaulle in France .
All of them understood from the Great Depression , the rise of fascism and a destructive world war that moderation is conservatism 's best impulse and that market economies require a social dimension . Capitalism could not work absent an active government that fostered a degree of economic equality and security .
Applying the insights of this more responsible version of conservatism to our time would lead us to seek the best approaches to the very discontents that helped put Trump in the White House in the first place — for example , growing inequality . A 2016 Congressional Research Service report found that income inequality has been increasing since 1970 . And between 2000 and 2015 , incomes actually went down for the bottom 60 percent of earners . There are many causes of division and resentment in our country , and this is surely one of them .
Liberal democracy also faces challenges in Europe , where a 2017 Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development study found that “ social cohesion ” is threatened by the rise of economic inequality over nearly four decades .
We need a politics where the democratic left and right compete over who can most effectively and efficiently excise this social cancer from our body politic . Such a debate could be both instructive and productive .
Alas , except for a small , honorable cadre of writers and think-tankers , the American right has taken itself out of the game . Our politics will remain broken as long as conservatism confines its energies to cutting taxes and defending a reckless president at all costs .
E.J . Dionne writes about politics in a twice-weekly column for the Washington Post . @ EJDionne
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Your Super Bowl party might be divided when it comes to cheering for the Patriots or the Eagles , but , one thing everyone is rooting for : Amazing commercials .
And , actually , nearly one in four viewers on Sunday will be watching the Super Bowl just for the commercials . After all , those well-crafted ads are known for giving us all kinds of feels in a single commercial break , ranging from the sentimental to the hilarious . ( Here 's one from Amazon to be watching out for ) .
As it turns out , those behind the commercials might be just as nervous about winning consumers over as Tom Brady is winning another ring . A single 30-second spot can be a defining moment for the brands , explains the American Marketing Association , or AMA .
Here 's a sneak peek at what 's to come in 2018 :
In anticipation of Super Bowl LII ( which airs on NBC on Sunday , Feb. 4 at 6:30 p.m. Eastern ) , the AMA did an analysis showing how much the average cost of a 30-second ad during the Big Game costs . Interestingly , it has n't been a steady climb for Super Bowl ads over the years . For example , between 1970 and 1971 , the price of an ad fell by $ 6,000 from $ 78,000 to $ 72,000 . For the three games between 1991 and 1993 , the ad rate stayed flat at $ 850,000 . The cost of an add dipped from $ 2.1 million in 2001 to $ 1.9 million in 2002 .
Last year , advertisers shelled out , on average , $ 5.2 million for a spot . A 30-second spot in the 2018 Super Bowl will again cost in excess of $ 5 million , according to Sports Illustrated .
Here are some highlights over the years , according to the statistics rounded up by AMA ( view the full list below ! ) :
1967 : $ 42,000 , Green Bay Packers ( 35 ) VS Kansas City Chiefs ( 10 ) .
1972 : $ 86,000 , Dallas Cowboys ( 24 ) VS Miami Dolphins ( 3 )
1977 : $ 125,000 , Oakland Raiders ( 32 ) VS Minnesota Vikings ( 14 )
1982 : $ 324,000 San Francisco 49ers ( 26 ) VS Cincinnati Bengals ( 21 )
1987 : $ 600,000 New York Giants ( 39 ) VS Denver Broncos ( 20 )
1992 : $ 850,000 Washington Redskins ( 37 ) VS Buffalo Bills ( 24 )
1997 : $ 1.2 million Green Bay Packers ( 35 ) VS New England Patriots ( 21 )
2002 : $ 1.9 million New England Patriots ( 20 ) VS St. Louis Rams ( 17 )
2007 : $ 2.6 million Indianapolis Colts ( 29 ) VS Chicago Bears ( 17 )
2012 : $ 3.5 million New York Giants ( 21 ) VS New England Patriots ( 17 )
2017 : $ 5.02 million New England Patriots ( 34 ) VS Atlanta Falcons ( 28 )
Here 's the full list from the AMA , in one handy chart :
So , what 's your favorite Super Bowl commercial of all time ?
— Main Menu — Home News - Local News - Ohio News - National News - World News - News Update - Business - Entertainment - Comics & Puzzles Sports - Local Sports - National Sports - NCAA Men 's College Basketball - NASCAR Racing - Sports Buzz Ohio - Blanchard River Buzz Obituaries - Published Obituaries - Today 's Obituaries Opinion - At The Movies - Columns - Feature Blogs - Poll Archive Weather The Docket Classifieds - Search Classifieds - Employment - Rentals - Real Estate - For Sale - Vehicles - Garage Sales Map - Place Ad - Ad Rates - Legal Notices Media - Photos - Video - Photo Sales - Broadcast - - WFIN -1330 AM - - WKXA -100.5 FM - - 106.3 The Fox Member Service - Manage Account - Member Guide - Activate Digital - Subscribe - eReviewTimes - Mobile Apps - Member Rewards - Online Circulars Contact - Review Times Staff Directory - Submission Forms - Advertise - Credit Application - Employment Archives
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — A government watchdog is urging the Education Department to resume the process of forgiving student loans for tens of thousands Americans who were defrauded by for-profit colleges .
In a report published Monday , the Office of Inspector General , an independent body within the education agency , recommends that the department restart “ review , approval , and discharge process ” for defrauded students .
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos has come under criticism for stalling the review of over 95,000 claims for loan cancellations . The agency has not approved a single claim during their time in office and DeVos ' critics charge that they are looking out for industry interests .
The AP reported in October that the department is considering abandoning the Obama-era practice of full loan forgiveness in favor of partial relief .
Advertisement
The department did not immediately comment .
To determine if it is a service dog , the U.S. Department of Justice permits businesses to ask two questions : Is this service dog required because of disability and what is it trained to do to mitigate the disability ? Neither a certification nor vest is needed for a legitimate service dog ,
The owners of pets who flout the law and the store that allows it can be reported to the Los Angeles County Public Health Department . To file a complaint , call ( 888 ) 700-9995 , Monday through Friday , 8 a.m. to 5 p.m .
A complaint can be filed anonymously and you will be given a complaint identification number and the county will send out an inspector . You can then call ( 818 ) 672-2258 five days later to hear the results .
A complaint may also be filed online at ehservices.publichealth.lacounty.gov .
The resident who alerted the News felt compelled to act after encountering two dogs in CVS . They wrote , “ It may be worth publishing this information so that others in Pacific Palisades who are offended by people taking their pets into stores can also complain . ”
Wireless Communication Centre ( WCC ) of Universiti Teknologi Malaysia ( UTM ) released a whitepaper recently to understand the existing mobile broadband ( MBB ) performance and user experience in Malaysia .
The study was conducted in four key areas of Kuala Lumpur , Johor , Sabah and Sarawak across urban , suburban , rural and indoor areas . The study indicated that there is a serious need for enhancing 4G network capabilities in rural areas of East Malaysia . Although , Selangor and Klang Valley has a strong position in 4G services with consistent and stable results , there are signs that the network is becoming more congested in these areas . It also showed that there were indoor areas with poor cellular signal strength coverage distributions which can be further enhanced .
One part of the study include performance of mobile networks . Data for the research was collected between January and February 2016 involving major mobile networks in Malaysia . UTM researchers measured the performance of the mobile networks using Samsung Galaxy S6 smartphones and prepaid SIMs . The measurement covers two mobile broadband services , web browsing and video streaming . The video service are further classified to 720p low and 1080p high resolution Youtube videos , while three distinctive webpages ( Google , Instagram and Mstar ) are browsed for web services .
Below are the key summaries concluded from the Mobile Broadband research project :
4G technology had superior Mobile Broadband performances to 3G technology . These differences were consistent across all mobile operators , and are unsurprising , as we would expect consumers to experience a noticeable improvement in using a mobile broadband service over a 4G network , compared to a 3G network .
Within all considered measurement areas ( states ) , Selangor and Klang Valley put in strong first place in 4G services showing consistent and stable results in the majority of the KPIs when compared to Johor , Sabah and Sarawak .
From user perspective , the Klang Valley dense urban morphology showed to be nearly covered with 4G service with more than 99 % of the Mobile Broadband test attempts were accessing the 4G network .
Among all outdoor morphologies in Klang Valley , suburban outperformed urban and dense urban Klang Valley in 4G services . This is one of the indications that the 4G network in a high dense population area in Malaysia is becoming congested .
Our results showed that there is still performance gap to be closed between the West and East Malaysia . Our measurement results indicated that West Malaysia performed better than the East Malaysia in 4G Mobile Broadband services .
There is still a huge performance gap to be filled by rural morphology in 4G services . Based on the total test attempts , rural morphology had the lowest 4G test count percentage among all studied morphologies . This indicates that the 4G network in rural is sill underdeveloped .
When comparing the two most distinctive urban and rural morphologies , on average across all MNOs and states , Malaysia urban morphology is superior to its rural counterpart in both 3G and 4G Mobile Broadband services . The former showed superior web and video Mobile Broadband performances in the majority of KPIs .
Our in-depth Cellular Signal Strength ( CSS ) analysis showed that there are buildings experiencing poor indoor reception . There are cases from our Mobile Broadband measurement where close to 40 % and 14 % of the test with measured CSS of lower than the minimum benchmarked of -90dBm for 3G network and -110dBm for 4G networks , respectively . This suggests that some buildings in Malaysia relied solely on the coverage coming from the base station outside the building , i.e . no indoor radio network planning .
Currently there are some 650Mhz spectra used for Mobile Broadband services in Malaysia . The whitepaper reveals that the nation requires an additional 307 MHz spectrum to satisfy Mobile Broadband traffic forecasted by 2020 . However , only 130 MHz out of 307 MHz can be achieved , resulting in 177 MHz of spectrum gap to be fulfilled , according to the study . To enable WBB ( wireless broadband ) requirement , machine-to-machine ( M2M ) communications and IoT services , like video surveillance , even more spectrum is needed .
“ Malaysians are progressively relying more and more on mobile services and connectivity , as the demand for larger wireless spectrum to support mobile and broadband systems with higher capacity is projected to keep increasing in the next few years . To meet the demand of high data traffic in mobile networks , providers need more spectrum to maintain the quality of service that consumers have come to expect and rely on , ” says Prof. Dr. Tharek Abd Rahman , whitepaper lead researcher and Director of WCC , UTM .
In addition , the whitepaper expands on UTM 's plans and policies needed for sustaining and accelerating the deployment of Mobile Broadband technologies for the future . This is to realize the efforts needed to be made from Mobile Broadband stakeholders , including the government to achieve the desired serviceability envisioned in the year 2020 . These stakeholders must close the gap between increasing data demand and the lack of sufficient wireless frequency spectrum to support the ever growing number of connected consumer devices and mobile traffic .
“ Only 130 MHz out of 307 MHz required by our spectrum forecasting analysis can be achieved , hence we recommend additional policies such as allocating more spectrum for MBB services , ” Prof. Dr. Tharek Abd Rahman added .
Other suggested policies for the development of Malaysia 's Mobile Broadband include government incentives to boost Mobile Broadband deployment . A prime example of this is the Universal Service Provision ( USP ) project for rural areas created by the government . The study suggests the need to open access to publicly funded infrastructures such as utility poles for outdoor base station deployment ; and both public and private partnership to accelerate indoor coverage improvement . Operators are also encouraged to explore new LAA ( Licensed Assisted Access ) technology which uses the unlicensed frequency band of 5 GHz ( currently utilized by Wi-Fi ) in combination with licensed LTE primary frequency connection to deliver better downlink performance through carrier aggregation .
In order to maintain Malaysia 's ICT competitiveness in the region , the government , mobile operators and relevant stakeholders should work together to achieve a targeted KPI for national broadband service ; such as the RMK-11 target which is 100 Mbps broadband made available to all households in dense urban and urban areas ; and 20 Mbps broadband made available to 50 % of households in suburban and rural areas by 2020 . The study propositions wireless broadband to complement fixed broadband to integrate as part of a national broadband infrastructure . Underserved areas , especially remote rural areas can be serviced more rapidly to help bridge the digital divide in Malaysia by 2020 . One of the key elements to achieve this target is by acquiring the right spectrum .
Share this article : Facebook
Twitter
Google
LinkedIn
More
Email
Print
Pinterest
Reddit
Tumblr
Pocket
StampNews.com hurries to let our readers know that the USPS honored the Reverend Father Theodore M. Hesburgh , C.S.C. , longtime president of the University of Notre Dame and a dedicated champion of civil rights and other social issues . Father Hesburgh was considered one of the most important educational , religious , and civic leaders of the 20th century .
The stamp art features an oil-on-panel painting of Father Theodore Hesburgh standing on the campus of the University of Notre Dame . The portrait is based on a 1980 photograph . Let 's appreciate this great philatelic item together !
On June 24 , 1943 , Theodore Hesburgh was ordained into the priesthood and two years later was appointed religion instructor and chaplain to World War II veterans at Notre Dame . In 1952 , they became Notre Dame 's 15th president , a position they held for 35 years , the longest presidential term in the university 's history .
A champion of causes ranging from immigration reform to civil rights , Father Hesburgh worked with many organizations in roles that reflected their personal beliefs , including the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights , from 1957 to 1972 ; the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching ; the National Science Board ; the Overseas Development Council ; and the Select Committee on Immigration and Refugee Policy , among others . An advocate for finding peaceful uses of atomic energy , they were the Vatican 's representative to the International Atomic Energy Agency from 1956 to 1970 .
In 1987 , Father Hesburgh retired as Notre Dame 's president and continued to devote their time to public service work .
Father Hesburgh was the recipient of many honors , including two of the nation 's highest civilian awards : the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1964 for their contributions to civil rights , and the Congressional Gold Medal in 2000 . The library at Notre Dame is named for Father Hesburgh , and they received more than 150 honorary degrees from colleges and universities around the world , believed to be the most ever awarded to one individual .
Art director Ethel Kessler designed the stamp with original art by Tim O'Brien .
Colonel Susan Neuhaus returned from active service in Afghanistan undamaged but changed .
The veteran surgeon reflected at the Australian War Memorial on a century of severed limbs and broken bodies and their awe of what those who came before them gave to Australia .
“ Like most Australians today I have no faded photographs of men or women in uniform on my mantlepiece and do n't know of any family members who served on the beaches of Gallopoli , on the muddy fields of Somme or indeed the jungles of South East Asia , ” they said .
“ And yet like all of us I benefit from what they have done . ”
As many as 50,000 gathered in the cold as dawn broke over Canberra to hear their words and remember the Anzacs and those who came after .
This year marks the 103rd anniversary of the landing at Gallipoli and the centenary of the Battle of Villers-Bretonneux .
Camera Icon Crowds ahead of the dawn service at the National War Memorial in Canberra Picture : AAP
Hundreds of former Australian Army Apprentices are among the crowds - they 'll mark the 70th anniversary of their formation by leading the march later in the morning .
Jeff Ward , a transport officer who served for more than 20 years , is among them with their wife Cathy , who served as a nurse .
“ There 's 800 of us , more than 800 now . It 's out of control , ” Mr Ward said .
It 's expected to be the largest contingent leading a march in several years .
ST. PAUL , Minn. ( AP ) - Minnesota 's attorney general is suing an Arizona-based pharmaceutical company , alleging it illegally marketed a painkiller made from the synthetic opioid fentanyl .
The lawsuit was filed Wednesday against Insys Therapeutics . The suit accuses the drugmaker of encouraging physicians to prescribe the painkiller Subsys at higher doses than recommended .
The drug is used to manage pain for cancer patients , but Attorney General Lori Swanson says the company promoted it for improper uses .
The lawsuit also alleges the company paid doctors speaking fees to avoid gift-giving restrictions .
Several other states have sued Insys . Some have reached settlements .
Minnesota health officials have growing concerns about fentanyl abuse . Preliminary numbers show that fatal overdoses caused by the potent narcotic are increasing , with the drug contributing to more than 150 deaths in the state last year .
A few months back , we got to know that the search giant is building a new Google Earth app with most advanced features in it . This new version of Google Earth is going to be launched today at 6 PM IST during an Earth Day event which will be held at Whitney Museum of Art in New York City .
The company has already started sending out invitations for this Earth Day event . This new version of the app is expected to replace the company 's old Maps app . Everyone is expecting the revamped Google Earth to offer them with the features which were missed out in an earlier version . It is said that this new app will include functionalities like traffic reports and local listings etc .
For those who do n't know what Google Earth is , a brief description is provided on this page . It is a geo-browser which accesses satellite and geographical data over the internet and represents the same in a three-dimensional globe .
Also Read : Samsung launches Samsung Gear 360 Manager app
It gives us a clear view of how earth looks like naturally . It even allows you to search some places , and lets you pan , zoom , rotate and tilt the Earth . Not just this , it even provides a link to Wikipedia articles about places of interest . Another interesting thing to be noted is , even the apps like Google Map includes some features of Google Earth .
The clear view of the globe is possible here because of the high-resolution image . That is , it uses the image of resolution between the range of 15m to 15cm . Let us wait and see what this new Earth has got to offer and what more we can do using this app .
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages . Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy .
April 24 ( UPI ) -- The Food and Drug Administration is attempting to reduce underage use of a popular e-cigarette brand called JUUL , including warning retail and online violators .
The FDA announced Tuesday it has issued 40 letters to retailers illegally selling JUUL products to minors since the beginning of March . In addition , the FDA contacted eBay about several listings for JUUL products on its website .
On April 6 , the agency began conducting a one-month undercover blitz nationwide to crack down on sales in stores and online to those under 18 years of age .
`` I hope that this sends a clear message to all tobacco product manufacturers and retailers that the FDA is taking on this issue with urgency , and if kids are flocking to your product or you 're illegally selling these products to kids , you 're on the agency 's radar , '' Dr. Scott Gottlieb , the FDA commissioner , said in a statement .
The crackdown is part of an effort to cut down on the use of nicotine and tobacco in the United States .
`` Protecting our nation 's youth from the dangers of tobacco products is among the most important responsibilities of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration -- and it 's an obligation I take personally , '' Gottleib said . `` We recognize that if the FDA is to end the tragic cycle of successive generations of nicotine and tobacco addiction , we must take every opportunity to disrupt that process where it starts : youth access to and use of tobacco products . ''
The announcement comes one week after six leading public health and medical organizations sent a letter to Gottlieb urging the agency to address the dramatic increase in teen use of JUULs . Senate Democratic Whip Dick Durbin of Illinois and 10 of their Senate colleagues also sent letters to the FDA and JUUL about the products .
This comes in the wake of a study by the Truth Initiative that found many young people are aware of the e-cigarette brand , but few know it contains nicotine . And a survey released in March from the 2016 National Youth Tobacco Survey also found that teenagers who use tobacco products other than cigarettes often see their habit as harmless .
According to a 2014 Surgeon General 's Report , e-cigarettes may be less harmful than combustible tobacco products , but they have been shown to strongly increase the likelihood of cigarette use among young people . More than four times as many young adults who use e-cigarettes eventually switch to tobacco cigarettes than those who do not vape .
Last month , the FDA announced it was taking the first steps to limit fruit flavoring and menthol in tobacco products .
`` A key part of that plan was establishing the foundational framework for regulating non-combustible tobacco products for adults , like e-cigarettes , '' Gottlieb said Tuesday . `` But as we work to keep kids from making the deadly progression from experimentation to regular cigarette use , it 's imperative that we also make sure children and teenagers are n't getting hooked on more novel nicotine-delivery products . ''
Gottlieb said other products besides JUUL , including myblu and KandyPens , have similar characteristics .
`` The troubling reality is that electronic nicotine delivery systems such as e-cigarettes have become wildly popular with kids , '' Gottlieb said . `` We understand , by all accounts , many of them may be using products that closely resemble a USB flash drive , have high levels of nicotine and emissions that are hard to see . These characteristics may facilitate youth use , by making the products more attractive to children and teens . ''
The undercover blitz is checking the sale of the products to minors at brick-and-mortar and online retailers .
After the FDA contacted eBay , the online retailer removed several listings for Juul products .
Aside from the 40 retailers receiving a warning letter , the FDA sent JUUL a 904 ( b ) letter , which refers to the section of the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act , requesting marketing documents and research the company has conducted on health , toxicological , behavioral or psychologic effects of the product . The agency also has requested information about product complaints JUUL has received .
After reviewing the information , the FDA could take enforcement actions .
The agency said it also plans to issue letters to other manufacturers .
`` We appreciate that JUUL Labs has already expressed recognition of this problem and has reached out to the FDA and other stakeholders to discuss these concerns , '' Gottlieb said . `` But we must all recognize that more needs to be done . ''
JUUL did not issue an immediate reaction to the FDA announcement , though a spokesperson for the company told UPI last week that the company strongly condemns the use of its products by minors , and noted that it is illegal to sell JUUL to minors
`` No minor -- or non-nicotine user -- should be in the possession of JUUL , '' the spokesperson said . `` In fact , we clearly state on our package labeling that JUUL is for adult smokers only and contains nicotine . ''
An anonymous judge reveals severe situation in Turkey 's judiciary in a letter
A letter by a Turkish judge who wrote to journalist Ahmet Dönmez for the TR724 news portal has revealed the severity of the situation in Turkey 's judiciary . The letter , a copy of which was published by journalist Dönmez , details the Turkish government 's control and pressure on judiciary to make politically motivated decisions along with the judges ' ordeal , despair and distress in adjudication and examen .
The judge , their name was kept anonymous , said the judges are under incredible pressure by noting that in Turkey judges are hostages on the basis of not being able to make a decision according to fair trial principle . They said that many judges are willing to return a verdict of not guilty in “ FETÖ/PDY ” cases , however they fear being associated with the Gülen movement , hence they act otherwise in order to not lose their job and not being imprisoned .
“ FETÖ ” is a pejorative acronym that Turkey 's political Islamist government has used to smear the civic Gülen movement as a ‘ terror organization . '
“ Most of these judges would die of starvation if they leave their profession . They are forced into make decisions . They are afraid of having bad straits and ending up in jail . They fear from being labelled as terrorists , ” they said in an e-mail dated October 2 , 2017 . The judge went a step further and said that “ Do not expect everyone to be a hero . And there is no need for everyone to be so characterless . It is enough to find a prosecutor with weak character and a judge in a province , ” by noting that the rest of the judges can not speak out of fear .
In reference to a former judge of High Criminal Court of Kırşehir province , they said that one of their colleagues could not leave their position despite they want to leave because of being afraid of taken into prison . “ One of our colleagues could not leave the profession . Do you know why ? Their father told him , ‘ I visited your hearings for a couple of times without your information . And I am not going to give my blessing . You have arrested a lot of innocent people and throw them in dungeon . '
Last February Fatih Mehmet Aksoy from Kırşehir was taken into custody during the hearing and arrested. ” They told that even though they told that the alleged reason was to use ByLock app , the main purpose was that they were preparing to release about 60 people in ‘ FETÖ ' cases . ”
In the letter , the judge also told that despite the fact that the former judge did not use that application , they imprisoned them as an intimidation to other judges . They also stressed that the judge who could not leave the office was told that if they leave the profession , then they would also end up like him .
The judge also explained how a judge could not take the pressure imposed by the Turkish government . “ One of our colleagues said that they can not stand it anymore . They said they are having nightmares . They told , ‘ I am pissed off seeing people I have jailed in nightmares . ' Considering their situation , the magistrate 's cases to arrest people were distributed among other judges , and they told that you will arrest people in sequence , ” said the judge .
“ Right now Turkey is taken with fear . No one can talk to anyone . Nobody trusts each other . Even the most affluent people sleep in fear , and think that they can always be denounced by someone at any moment. ” They said by reference to today 's governors and deputies are not free even in the toilet of their own house .
They remarked that those people taken to jail within the scope of alleged links over Gülen movement will be the members of this movement . “ There is so much injustice . Everyone is well aware of [ this situation ] . Enough is enough . You do not have to be a member of this movement to think so , ” they said .
Turkish authorities believe using ByLock is a sign of being a member of the Gülen movement , which the government accuses of masterminding a failed coup attempt on July 15 , 2016 . The mobile phone application ByLock is seen as the top communication tool among members of the group . Tens of thousands of civil servants , police officers and business people have either been dismissed or arrested for using ByLock since the failed coup attempt .
Turkey survived a controversial military coup attempt on July 15 that killed 249 people . Immediately after the putsch , the Justice and Development Party ( AKP ) government along with Turkey 's autocratic President Erdoğan pinned the blame on the Gülen movement .
Fethullah Gülen , who inspired the movement , strongly denied having any role in the failed coup and called for an international investigation into it , but President Erdoğan — calling the coup attempt “ a gift from God ” — and the government initiated a widespread purge aimed at cleansing sympathizers of the movement from within state institutions , dehumanizing its popular figures and putting them in custody .
Turkey has suspended or dismissed more than 150,000 judges , teachers , police and civil servants since July 15 . Turkey 's Justice Ministry announced on July 13 that 50,510 people have been arrested and 169,013 have been the subject of legal proceedings on coup charges since the failed coup .
Related
These men — because they are almost exclusively men — have a plan for what to do with the wealth : They want to build a crypto utopia , a new city where the money is virtual and the contracts are all public , to show the rest of the world what a crypto future could look like .
HOWELL ( WWJ/AP ) – A 21-year-old Fenton man charged with causing an accident near Howell that killed five people says they wish they had died .
Matthew Carrier told the Livingston Daily Press & Argus that they feel terrible , would love to take it all back and wants the victims ' families to know they are sorry . Carrier said they were at a party with friends that night , drank “ most ” of a fifth of Smirnoff vodka and does n't remember the crash .
State Police said Carrier was driving drunk at around 100 miles an hour when they ran through a stop sign on M-59 at Argentine Road in Oceola Township on May 9 , striking another vehicle . One car overturned ; the other caught fire .
“ I never meant to do what I did to those people . I ca n't imagine how they feel , ” they told the newspaper Friday .
“ I wish I had died , ” Carrier said , adding that “ it would be fair ” if they went to prison .
Carrier 's passengers , 18-year-old Justin Andrew-Humberto Henderson and 24-year-old Preston Wetzel , were pronounced dead at the scene .
Also killed were 35-year-old Oakland County resident Candice Dunn , who had just been named Michigan Department of Correction Parole-Probation Agent of the Year the night of the crash ; Dunn 's mother , 69-year-old Linda K. Hurley of Macomb County ; and 73-year-old Jerome Tortomasi of Macomb County .
Carrier and two others were critically injured . [ See photos from the crash ]
Records provided by the Secretary of State 's Office show Carrier has an extensive record of driving-related issues , including citations for careless driving , speeding and drunken driving . A Secretary of State spokesperson said Carrier 's license was suspended at the time of the crash because of unpaid tickets .
They remain jailed without bond , charged with 19 counts including five counts of second-degree murder , operating a vehicle while intoxicated causing death and driving on a suspended license causing death .
Carrier 's next court appearance is scheduled for Aug. 23 .
© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved . The Associated Press contributed to this report .
ENGLEWOOD , Colo. ( AP ) _ Defensive end Jared Crick has been carted off the Denver Broncos practice field after apparently injuring their right leg during run drills Monday . The Former Husker 's injury comes 48 hours after the Broncos ' other starting defensive end , Derek Wolfe , was carted off the field with a sprained right ankle that could sideline them until the season opener next month . The Broncos have been hit hard along their rebuilt D-line this summer , losing defensive end Billy Winn to a torn right ACL in their preseason opener last week and Wolfe over the weekend . Crick was entering their second year with the Broncos .
Dr. Tuckson speaks with CEO Marla Cautilli and Board Member Dr. Cynthia Rigby of Hand in Hand Ministries .
“ It was fun ! ” exclaimed Lorenzo Hernandez , one half of the Proenza Schouler design team , of the fashion brand 's collaboration with Lancôme on a limited-edition makeup collection that 's launching starting this month .
“ In terms of the color , we were looking a lot at artists like Ellsworth Kelly , James Turrell and Carmen Herrera . We like the idea of bringing this stronger , graphic color in , ” continued Jack McCollough , Proenza Schouler 's other artistic director .
The duo was sitting in the courtyard of the Perrotin gallery in the Marais neighborhood of Paris , where a launch party for the color cosmetics capsule took place Tuesday night . Aficionados of both brands — Liv Tyler , Lauren Santo Domingo , Mandy Moore , Betony Vernon and Chiara Ferragni included — sipped Champagne and took in tunes mixed by DJs Honey Dijon and Emmanuel Caurel .
“ For the beauty looks we do in our shows , it is always a bit more stripped back , ” said McCollough . “ But since this is a standalone beauty collection , it is a little bit more playful , a little more free . ”
For product packaging , they opted to zoom in on a segment of the signature Lancôme rose . “ It was interesting to use their codes but really abstract them , ” said Hernandez .
Some favorite products ? “ I am always a fan of a red lip at the end of the day , and we did this really great tomato-y-red lipstick , ” said McCollough .
Hernandez highlighted a palette chockablock with colors . “ You can use it on the eyes , the lip , ” they said . “ It is sort of multifunctional , and for us it is just like an artist palette . It is like a kit to play around with , encouraging freedom and experiments . ”
The project with Proenza Schouler is the latest of a number done with fashion brands for the L'Oréal-owned beauty label .
“ When we collaborated with Alber Elbaz or Sonia Rykiel , it was about shared values : With Elbaz it was shared happiness . With Sonia Rykiel , shared values of Frenchness . The collaboration with Proenza is kind of an evolution , and we will go even further next year , ” explained Françoise Lehmann , general manager of Lancôme International . “ It 's an evolution because the universe of Proenza is very different from the one of Lancôme . ”
Still , they described the fashion brand 's graphic and design elements as a good fit . “ We are evolving toward collaborations which are complementary to us , ” Lehmann said , adding fashion folk-related tie-ins “ open our universe . ”
Though Hernandez and McCollough were back in Paris , they do n't have misgivings for not still showing in the City of Light . “ For us , it always was a temporary thing , ” said Hernandez . “ It was exciting for us to come to Paris for a year . We had so much fun doing it . But you know , I think New York misses us . Our friends missed us . ”
“ We are living in a day and age where things can be way more fluid than they used to be . Like we 're going back to New York , but it 's not to say that we wo n't go somewhere else two seasons after that , ” said McCollough . “ Come back here , go to London — or wherever . I think everything lives online these days anyway . It kind of does n't really matter where you show . There is more freedom to be a bit more loose with where you show , how you show , when you show . So we 're just trying to be a bit more free with it . ”
Meanwhile , the White Label , Proenza Schouler 's more democratic line with clothes for everyday wear that 's in its third season , is selling well . “ It 's like the fastest-growing individual business right now , ” said Hernandez .
With Proenza Schouler 's September show looming large , the designers wo n't have much downtime this summer . But an upside to that is a break following New York Fashion Week is possible . “ You get to go to all these places there are no tourists , ” said McCollough , taking the glass half-full view .
“ September is so beautiful , ” mused Hernandez . “ It is much more beautiful than August . ”
BECKLEY , WV ( WOAY ) - The annual Empty Bowls event is returning this Saturday , March 24th .
The “ Empty Bowls ” project is a multi-year endeavor to create clay bowls that will be sold at the Quota Club fundraiser Saturday from , 11:00 am – 1:00 pm .
The event will be held at the Place in Beckley . The whole project is an effort to bring greater awareness to the issue of hunger in our country . The funds raised are distributed among area food banks .
Tickets are $ 15 a piece and include a choice of a handmade bowl , soup tastings and a dessert . There will also be a silent auction at the event .
Tickets are available at the Youth Museum . For more information please call 304-252-3730 .
Comments
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - A Pentagon spokesperson says the two U.S. soldiers killed Sunday in Iraq were casualties of a U.S. artillery `` mishap . ''
The soldiers have been identified as 22-year-old Sgt . Allen L. Stigler Jr. of Arlington , Texas , and 30-year-old Sgt . Roshain E. Brooks of Brooklyn , New York .
Both were canon crewmembers assigned to 2nd Battalion , 319th Airborne Field Artillery Regiment , 2nd Brigade Combat Team , 82nd Airborne Division .
The Pentagon spokesperson , Army Col . Rob Manning , says an Army artillery unit was firing on an Islamic State mortar position `` when a mishap occurred . '' Manning says there is no indication that IS played a role in the deaths . They say they can not provide other details because the incident is under investigation
Five others suffered injuries that Manning says are not life-threatening .
( Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
The 2nd edition of the International Carnival Calabar was won by the Tobias Vai Vai band of Brazil . This is just as the Ghanaian and Rwanda dancers came second and third respectively . There were 13 countries participating in the event that started later than usual .
The countries participating were all stranded in Lagos and Abuja by the Bad weather with the last batch arriving Calabar a few hours to the event .
The weather was so bad some Countries like Zimbabwe and Ukraine did not get to Calabar despite arriving Nigeria . Only 2 acrobats from Ukraine made it .
The International Carnival is a new Introduction by the Executive Governor of Cross River State Professor Ben Ayade last year . It holds on the 29th of December a day after the main Street Party .
The Governor appointed Travel Expert Ikechi Uko to put it together . Working together with the Carnival Commission and it 's Chairman Gabe Onah they brought 11 countries last year mostly from Africa and the Careibbean but this year Included South Korea from Asia , Ukraine , Turkey and Croatia from Europe . Spain and Brazil were the other Non African Countries . In reports by Travel Writers attending the event .
“ International Carnival enthused spectators , the Carnival that ended early this morning clearly reveals it as the most entertaining and thrilling show of this year 's Carnival Calabar events . ”
According to Travelscopeng.com , the teams from Croatia , South Africa , Rwanda , Brazil , Ghana , Burundi , Turkey , Spain , Ethiopia and their Nigeria counterpart performed excellently to the admiration of the spectators in their fascinating cultural carnival outfits and thrilled with their mesmerizing dancing steps .
There were no underdogs among all the participating countries , they all set the stadium agog and reconfirms Carnival Calabar as truly the Africa 's Biggest and Best Street Party .
According to infotrustng.com , the International Carnival which was the last event was surely an event all that witnessed will not forget in a hurry because of the superlative performances by countries from Ghana , Ethiopia , Kenya , Rwanda , Turkey , Spain , Brazil… . while Team Nigeria led by Mama Bakassi themselves ( Senator Florence Ita Giwa ) was a great delight to watch . Truly , Ikechi Uko that put the international artistes together should be commended . I wondered if such carnival was done at National level , with the Federal Government backing , how it could have been .
Despite the challenges of the weather that made flight to Calabar impossible , many foreign nationals were not deterred as they plied alternative routes and ensure that they witnessed 2016 Calabar Carnival . It is worthy of note that the numbers of foreigners that were at the carnival was in hundreds of thousands . An Indian told me that they deliberately fix their annual holiday for Dec so that they can come with their family to enjoy the Calabar Carnival , particularly the international carnival which add spice to the entire festival . Their 3 kids can be seen jumping and so excited with the show .
They concluded , “ Nigeria and Nigerians are blessed . Those that put the international carnival deserves national awards . They deserve to be applauded . They are surely good as I noticed that this year was better than 2015 and do you know that i am already imagining how 2017 will be like .. ”
@ NATIONAL ACCORD/ ATQ News
Participants in the Omaha , Neb. , archdiocesan encuentro process Nov. 18 outside St. Cecilia Cathedral in Omaha with the Encuentro Cross . Some 60 parish leaders and representatives of the Latino community gathered for the archdiocesan encuentro , which is part of the preparations underway for the U.S. Catholic Church 's Fifth National Encuentro , or V Encuentro , to be held in 2018 in Texas . ( CNS photo/Lisa Maxson , for the Catholic Voice )
OMAHA , Neb . ( CNS ) -- Sometimes it 's hard to feel welcome , especially when moving to a new community -- or in the case of many Hispanics , a new Catholic community .
Language barriers , fears of being discovered in the country without legal permission and other concerns can keep families and individuals from getting involved in a parish or continuing to practice their faith .
Those experiences were recounted by some of the 60 parish leaders and representatives of the Latino community who gathered Nov. 18 at St. Cecilia Cathedral in Omaha as part of an archdiocesan encuentro , or encounter .
The Omaha Archdiocese 's encuentro was a culmination of gatherings of Latino leaders in parishes across the archdiocese . Diocesan-level encuentros are the current phase of a four-year process of ecclesial reflection and action leading to the U.S. Catholic Church 's Fifth National Encuentro , or `` V Encuentro . ''
First came parish-level encuentros ; next will be regional encuentros . The national encuentro is planned for next September in Grapevine , Texas .
The purpose , as its name states , is to `` encounter '' others by reaching out to those at the margins through evangelization , by listening to the concerns of such a diverse community through consultation and preparing emerging ministry leaders .
The church is striving to meet the needs of growing Hispanic Catholic communities .
In the Omaha Archdiocese , Conchita Mayorga and Shacty Hurtado said they want to be part of the archdiocese 's efforts to evangelize fallen-away Catholics in Hispanic communities , helping them encounter Jesus in the church and in their daily lives .
`` Sometimes we feel like outsiders ... that we are n't welcome . Even in the Hispanic community , when people are coming from different places , sometimes they feel like they are n't welcome , '' said Mayorga , a member of Assumption-Guadalupe Parish in Omaha .
`` We are all trying to come out of our comfort zone and meet other people and show them that there 's Jesus , '' Mayorga said of the encuentro effort . `` He 's always there and they just have to get closer to him . ''
Hurtado , a sophomore at Mercy High School and a member of St. Joseph Parish , both in Omaha , told the Catholic Voice , the archdiocesan newspaper , they wanted to participate in encuentro because they love their Catholic faith and feels called to represent the youth in the Catholic Church .
They reach out to other young people , including friends , through social media and telephone calls , Hurtado said . Sharing the faith often means simply being a good listener , they said .
Others at the gathering shared how they reach out to people in their communities -- often making home visits -- and discussed the challenges facing those they encounter . Barriers to church involvement include a lack of time , hospitality and communication -- and for some , a sense of fear because they are in the country without proper documentation .
`` Some of them say that in their native countries they were Catholic and went to Mass , but when they come to the United States , suddenly that changes . Many are afraid because they do not have legal status , '' said Mariana Flores-Chavez , coordinator of Hispanic Marriage and Family Ministries for the archdiocese . `` As parish communities , I think we need to be more welcoming and less judgmental . We also need to see solutions to these problems and take action ourselves as we are the church . ''
The archdiocesan encuentro , during which Omaha Archbishop George J. Lucas addressed the group and presided at Mass , was preceded by a series of five , 90-minute encuentro sessions in parishes were people learned skills to help them feel more comfortable reaching out to others who were not attending Mass or involved in their parish .
Participating parishes were St. Patrick in Fremont , Holy Name , Assumption-Guadalupe and St. Francis of Assisi , all in Omaha ; St. Bonaventure in Columbus ; Sacred Heart in Emerson , with people from Wakefield ; and Sacred Heart in Norfolk .
The next step in the encuentro process will be summarizing the information gathered at the archdiocesan event for Archbishop Lucas and presenting it at a regional encuentro in April in Kansas City , Kansas . The archdiocese will send two representatives to that gathering , Flores-Chavez said .
Archbishop Lucas blessed the encuentro cross before presiding at the gathering 's closing Mass . They thanked participants for sharing their faith with each other and enriching the church of northeast Nebraska with their talents and enthusiasm for the faith .
They greatly blessed the archdiocese because of their growing involvement in parishes and their love for the faith , they said .
- - -
Maxson writes for the Catholic Voice , newspaper of the Archdiocese of Omaha .
Down Feather Market Report by Product Type ( Goose Down , Duck Down , Mixed Down ) by Application / End User ( Down Jacket , Down Quilt ) by Industry Analysis , Volume , Share , Growth , Challenges , Trends and Forecast 2018–2026 .
This report studies the Down Feather Market status and outlook of global and major regions , from angles of manufacturers , regions , product types and end industries ; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions , and splits the Down Feather Market by product type and applications/end industries .
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of Down Feather ( excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer , distributor , wholesaler or traders ) . The percentage splits , Market shares , and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price . The regional splits of the overall Down Feather Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country .
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https : //www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/down-feather-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources . The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry , including the government policy , Market environment , competitive landscape , historical data , present trends in the Market , technological innovation , upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry , and Market risks , opportunities , Market barriers and challenges .
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research . Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers ; whereas , primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff , directors , CEOs and Marketing executives . The percentage splits , Market shares , growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources .
Down Feather Market : Product Type
• Goose Down
• Duck Down
• Mixed Down
Down Feather Market : End Users/Application Analysis
• Down Jacket
• Down Quilt
Access Full Report @ https : //www.profsharemarketresearch.com/down-feather-market-report
Contact Info :
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox @ profsharemarketresearch.com
By Playthell Benjamin
It was nauseating to witness Donald Trump , surrounded by grinning handkerchief-head Black quislings , read a tribute to Dr. Martin Luther King . The bumbling fashion in which they read the text made it clear that they were not familiar with the facts , nor was it coming from the heart . Like so much about Trump , it came across as phony . That was certainly how it struck Congressman John Lewis , who walked with Dr. King in the heat of the Civil Rights battle and was brutally beaten by racist redneck cops on the Edmund Pettis bridge during the voter registration drive in Lowndes County , Alabama .
When asked by reporter Katy Tur if they thought Trump 's remarks praising Dr. King was sincere , Congressman Lewis said no ; pointing out that you can not make racist statements one day and praise Dr. King 's legacy the next , yet they expect to be taken seriously . They said that they will not attend the upcoming State of the Union Address because they do not consider Trump 's election to be legit , given the role played by Russian intelligence agencies in sabotaging Hillary Clinton 's campaign .
The racist statement Lewis was referencing was Trump 's declaration that the US should not welcome immigrants from “ shithole ” nations like Haiti and African countries . Trump said they would prefer more immigrants from “ Norway ” instead . There was no shame in mighty whitey 's game . Aside from the fact that Trump 's comments about Haitians and Nigerians during a discussion of immigration policy in the Oval Office , exposed their abysmal ignorance about Black people once more , they also conjured up memories of some of the most racist episodes of the last century .
It is obvious that Trump knows nothing about the role played in the American War of Independence by Les Chasseurs Volontaires de Saint Domingue , ten companies of Haitian soldiers numbering 500 each who fought heroically in the Battle of Savanna during 1799 . They were repaid a few years later with racist American opposition to their own heroic revolution against their French oppressors , despite the fact the Haitian Revolution was based upon the same ideals as the US and French Revolutions : “ Liberty , Brotherhood and equality. ” As CLR James says : “ It was one of three great bourgeois revolutions of the 18th century ” that helped shape the modern world .
Savanna Monument to Haitian Heroes of 1799
Lest We Forget ?
It is equally clear that Trump does not understand the contributions Nigerian immigrants are now making to the US . As a community , Nigerian-Americans are model citizens . They earn college degrees at a rate 10 % higher than native-born Americans . According to the Houston Chronicle of January 12 , “ Nigerian immigrants have the highest levels of education in this city and the nation , surpassing whites and Asians , according to Census data bolstered by an analysis of 13 annual Houston-area surveys conducted by Rice University ” .
These figures are reflected in the three Nigerians in my building : an international lawyer , a medical doctor and a mechanical engineer who has worked for Con-Edison , keeping the lights on in Trump Tower for the last 15 years . I could cite many outstanding Nigerians contributing to the US in a variety of fields if I had the space .
Alas , none of this matters to Donald Trump because their concern is keeping America white and , given their choice of Norwegians as the ideal immigrant , the whiter the better ! In this attitude , Trump has taken us back 100 years to the ideas of another white New Yorker , Madison Grant . A Columbia University graduate , Grant really did have the Ivy League education Trump bogusly brags about . The President of the New York Zoological Society , and a leading voice in the racist Eugenics Movement – which advocated selective breeding to improve the human species – Grant published a 1917 book titled The Passing of the Great Race .
This book was written as a warning against the Superior Teutonic “ race ” , whose ideal prototype was the blue-eyed blond , represented in America by the “ conquering Anglo-Saxon ” , intermixing with the “ lesser races ” . And here Grant was talking about European “ races ” , such as Greeks and Italians , whom they labeled “ men from failed civilizations ” .
In Grant 's view , the ancient civilization of Greece and Rome was built by blond-haired Teutons , and it was their bad judgement in breeding with the darker races that brought on the decay and collapse of their civilization . There was a special warning against Jews . Africans and other subhuman “ colored races ” were strictly off limits .
One way to prevent this dreaded intermixing with inferior racial stock was by controlling their presence in the American population through immigration policy . However , Grant was elaborating on the ideas of another rich New Yorker , Teddy Roosevelt , who cultivated the role of Anglo-Saxon superman to the hilt ; even buying a ranch in Wyoming where they were said to have led posses against outlaws in the late 19th century .
This image was enhanced after they led the “ Rough Riders ” in the Battle of San Juan Hill in Santiago , Cuba during the Spanish-American War . Roosevelt felt that the paramount objective of reproductive practices was to prevent overly fertile “ lesser breeds ” from outbreeding the superior Anglo-Saxons . They were quite open in their views on the superiority of Anglo-Saxons and felt that the decimation of American Indians and the conquest of the Philippines were acts of God .
These ideas would inform the passage of the racist National Origins Act of 1924 , which set quotas on immigrants based on the countries from which they came . The act provided that visas be issued to 2 % of each ethnic group based on the 1890 Census , which would ensure that Anglo-Saxon 's would forever remain the majority . One big fan of this law was Adolf Hitler , who praised it in “ Mein Kempf ” :
“ There is today one state in which at least weak beginnings toward a better conception [ of immigration ] are noticeable . Of course , it is not our model German Republic , but [ the US ] , in which an effort is made to consult reason , at least partially . By refusing immigrants on principle…by simply excluding certain races from naturalization . ”
Hitler was also a big fan of Madison Grant 's “ Passing of the Great Race ” , from which they lifted their Teutonic master race theory . We know this because historians have uncovered a letter Hitler wrote to Madison Grant in which the Nazi leader thanked them profusely and gushed : “ Your book is my bible ! ” It was these all-American ideas that informed and inspired the Nazi “ racial hygienists ” to exterminate six million of their Jewish countrymen by industrializing mass murder and launching a World War which resulted in 50 million deaths .
This is the tradition Donald Trump has so passionately embraced , a set of racist ideas that resulted in the enslavement of Africans and their descendants for 250 years , and the extermination of Indigenous Native Americans resulting in the greatest land theft in history ! Of course , Dumb Donnie Dimwit is too ignorant of history to know any of this – and based on their racist behavior many thoughtful observers believe it would n't matter if they did – they are propagating these ideas nevertheless .
Ignorance is no excuse in any case . After all , they ran for the presidency , they were not drafted . That they should attempt to associate themselves with the prophetic legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King , an Apostle of Peace and Justice , with the aid of genuflecting Sambos , is beyond shameful : It is blasphemy !
Playthell G. Benjamin , Harlem , New York , January 29 , 2018
Traffic heading to the M5 is caught up after a crash between two cars this morning .
The accident in Stonehouse is affecting motorists trying to join junction 13 of the motorway .
The crash happened in Midland Road and is understood to involve an Audi and a BMW .
One of the cars has gone over a barrier and is causing delays in both directions with Oldends Lane partially blocked .
A police spokesperson said that no-one is understood to have been hurt in the crash .
Update at 9.10am there was still heavy traffic following the crash
All the latest news is in our live blog .
The banking watchdog is aiming to increase competition with a new licensing regime that would reduce barriers for new entrants while maintaining adequate safeguards .
Treasurer Scott Morrison , commenting on a discussion paper released by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority on Tuesday , said the proposed changes complemented the government 's plan to enable all authorised deposit-taking institutions to call themselves a bank , rather than just those with capital greater than $ 50 million .
`` A more competitive and innovative financial sector means more choice , lower prices and better service for Australian customers , '' Mr Morrison said in a statement .
Originally published as More plans for bank competition : Treasurer
SACRAMENTO , Calif. ( AP ) - California lawmakers moved Wednesday to create a state-backed bank to handle the billions of dollars flowing from the newly legal recreational marijuana market .
The world 's largest legal recreational marijuana economy , created under a law that took effect this year , is projected to grow to $ 7 billion .
The bill approved by a bipartisan 29-6 state Senate vote is designed to help pot entrepreneurs who usually deal in cash because most banks wo n't accept money from a product that remains illegal under federal law .
SB930 now goes to the Assembly for consideration .
The bill would permit charter banks and credit unions regulated by the state Department of Business Oversight to provide limited banking services to pot-related businesses .
They could use the banks to pay rent , state and local taxes and fees , vendors within California for goods and services related to the cannabis business and to buy state and local bonds and other investments .
`` We 're not using the federal system , we 're not using the federal wire , '' Democratic Sen. Bob Hertzberg of Van Nuys said of their proposal . `` This is a short-term creative approach to deal with this extraordinary problem . ''
They said the banks would suffice until what proponents hope will be an eventual change in federal law .
Hertzberg said the current system is dangerous because it requires pot dealers to conduct their business using cash , sometimes tens of thousands of dollars . They said he 's heard of some businesses burying or hiding tens of millions of dollars for lack of an alternative .
State budget officials project California will collect $ 600 million in cannabis taxes in the upcoming year , but that often requires the businesses to haul duffel bags full of cash to tax agencies .
The cash economy also makes audits and other standard oversight measures difficult .
Does Madden Mobile hack actually works ?
Madden mobile could be the mobile version with the incredibly common game MUT ( madden ultimate group ) . It has players and cards that are obtainable an so that you can earn these , players need to participate in the live events and depending on their overall performance , they 're able to earn coins and packs . A further alternative will be to play inside a fully fledged season comprising of 16 games extending into super bowl . Considering the fact that it truly is free2play game , real revenue is spent as a way to get virtual currencies which in turn can get bundles and pack . The game is level primarily based ; a single needs to unlock the levels a single at a time . The game is often a virtual wonderland for sport freaks because the game is primarily based off National Football league of America . Get extra information about http : //maddenmobile18hack.com/
Some valuable Facts and strategies & tricks about the game
Madden mobile games are certainly designed for small tablet playing experiences which many-a- times , can prove to be a little heartbreaking because you ca n't get a good view at most crucial times . But rather than talking about what it lacks , let us talk about how can make this experience good . If you want , you can count this in maddens mobile hacks too . The latest versions had some improvements done to them which has rendered it a smoother gameplay and faster transitions . One particular cheat that you can use here will be to use larger screen if possible .
You ought to manage the core gameplay with the help of your cards and only when you polay for a while , you will be able to gather some better players in your team who can stand a chance to go for super bowl . One trick is always to not open the wallet in the game until you are going to use some genuine cash . Try to get things with the coins you gather and not otherwise .
While you are in the process of building a roaster , make sure that you assess you group skills properly . You can even go to reside auctions if you want to swap in few players to improve your team . It 's useless to spend a lot of coins and only upgrade your players by few points .
Why do you have a treasury full of Coins and Cash ?
You need to have cash and coins to take part into any live auctions that is happening . There are robust auction systems put to use inside to madden mobile game platform . Of course , you must pick and prod properly to get the best deal . There is also the selection to buy card packs , which is kind of a gamble but they prove to be very effective most of your time .
History and background from the game
It really is quite well known fact that the NFL Football is quite well-liked sport . The crowd response for the game is extensive . And when the EA Sports decided to launch it within the console version , the gamers and the audience was thrilled . The EA sports now have a new game officially launched which is known as the Madden Mobile NFL . It is a gift from the EA sports to the gaming world as the game has a complete set of amazing experience as a single would have while playing the console version in the game . The graphics of the game are lovely and smooth witjout any major fault and so does the game play . We all know the wide range of games served by the EA and all of them have been better than the other . One particular among such game is FIFA . EA makes sure to give the users a complete control from the game play with various features and a single such feature may be the selection to play with any game of your choice . But as you go ahead within the game you would realize that you will have to use several different madden mobile coins in order to make purchases or perform few activities . But getting to madden mobile coins is not that simpler . So what if you can get free madden mobile coins ? That would be like a star to the great game . Such thing can be easily achieved using to madden mobile hack .
FILE - In this March 1 , 2018 , file photo , Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell testifies as they give the semiannual monetary policy report to the Senate Banking Committee on Capitol Hill in Washington . The Federal Reserveâ€™s first meeting under Powellâ€™s leadership will likely end Wednesday , March 21 , with an announcement that the Fed will resume its modest interest rate hikes . ( AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin , File )
FILE - In this March 1 , 2018 , file photo , Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell testifies as they give the semiannual monetary policy report to the Senate Banking Committee on Capitol Hill in Washington . The Federal Reserveâ€™s first meeting under Powellâ€™s leadership will likely end Wednesday , March 21 , with an announcement that the Fed will resume its modest interest rate hikes . ( AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin , File )
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - The Federal Reserve 's first meeting under Jerome Powell 's leadership will likely end Wednesday with an announcement that the Fed will resume its modest interest rate hikes .
But investors will be most attuned to what Powell signals at their first news conference about whether and how they might steer the Fed 's policymaking differently from their predecessor , Janet Yellen . Will he , for example , be inclined to step up the pace of Fed rate hikes ?
Powell has n't yet tipped their hand . Speaking to Congress last month , the new chairperson said their `` personal outlook '' on the economy had strengthened since December , when the Fed 's policymakers collectively forecast three rate hikes for 2018 , the same as in 2017 . That comment helped send stocks tumbling because it suggested that the Fed might be about to accelerate the gradual pace it had pursued under Yellen . More aggressive rate increases would likely slow the economy and make stocks less appealing .
Yet when they testified to Congress again two days later , Powell tempered their view : They stressed that the Fed still thinks it has room to maintain a moderate pace of rate hikes , in part to allow Americans ' average wages , which have stagnated for years , to pick up . The impression was that they might not favor raising rates faster than Yellen did after all - at least not yet .
That said , few doubt that the Fed will announce when its policy meeting concludes that it will resume raising rates , after having most recently done so in December . A healthy job market and a steady if unspectacular economy have given the Fed the confidence to think the economy can withstand further increases within a still historically low range of borrowing rates .
The financial markets have been edgy for weeks , and Powell 's back-and-forth comments have been only one factor . A sharp rise in wage growth reported in the government 's January jobs report triggered fears that higher labor costs would lead to higher inflation and , ultimately , to higher interest rates . Stocks sank on the news . But subsequent reports on wages and inflation have been milder , and the markets appear to have stabilized .
The February jobs report pointed to an unusually robust labor market : Employers added 313,000 jobs , the largest monthly gain in 1½ years . The unemployment rate remained at a 17-year low of 4.1 percent .
Other measures of the economy , though , have been more sluggish . Consumer spending , the economy 's primary fuel , has slowed this year and has led many economists to downgrade their forecasts for growth in the January-March quarter . Some now envision an annual growth rate of just 1.7 percent for the quarter .
Forecasts for all of 2018 , though , still predict an acceleration later this year , driven in part by the stimulative effect of the sweeping tax cuts President Donald Trump pushed through Congress in December and a budget agreement in January to raise government spending by $ 300 billion over two years .
If economic growth does pick up and the job market remains healthy , the Powell Fed is viewed as likely to accelerate its rate hikes , from the three it projected in December to four this year . Even after five rate increases over the past 27 months , the Fed 's benchmark rate remains in a still-low range of 1.25 percent to 1.5 percent , up from a record low near zero as recently as December 2015 . The Fed 's slighter higher key rate has , however , contributed to higher consumer loan rates , including for home mortgages .
Some economists say they think Powell will try to demonstrate at the start of their tenure that they are serious about keeping inflation under control , a central responsibility for any Fed leader .
`` Powell will want to make sure they establish their credentials as an anti-inflation chairperson , '' said Sung Won Sohn , an economics professor at California State University , Channel Islands .
Besides announcing its rate decision Wednesday , the Fed will update its quarterly forecasts , which will show its expectations for growth , unemployment , inflation and the expected pace of its rate increases over the next three years . Even if the Fed does n't explicitly predict four rate hikes for 2018 , it could effectively signal as much by upgrading its expectations for growth .
The Fed 's December estimate for economic growth in 2018 , as measured by the gross domestic product , was 2.5 percent , an upgrade from its 2.1 percent forecast of three months earlier . Now , with the tax cuts and spending increases in place , might the Fed raise that growth forecast even further ?
In their news conference after the Fed 's meeting ends , Powell will be able to shape perceptions of the central bank 's likely direction under their flight attendantship . It wo n't be without risk . Any serious misstep could unnerve global financial markets . But Powell 's testimony to Congress last month drew strong reviews .
`` Powell delivered a solid performance before Congress , worthy of William McChesney Martin , '' said David Jones , an economist who has written books on the Fed , referring to the longest-serving Fed chairperson , whose tenure stretched from 1951 until 1970 . The plain-spoken Martin once suggested that the Fed 's key function was to take away the `` punch bowl '' just when the party is really warming up .
`` Powell is well-prepared for this job , and I think they will be a Martin-type guy who will describe the Fed 's actions in plain , understandable terms , '' Jones said .
“ We can no more live without glucose than we can live without oxygen , ” says Susan O'Brien .
And the demonisation of carbohydrates has induced many people to actively avoid the positive benefits of fructose which comes from eating fruit .
With big money involved , scientific scandals have played a role in diverting attention from other dietary risks .
× ‘ Schoolhouse Rock ' Creator Remembered in the Poconos
DELAWARE WATER GAP , Pa. — A legendary jazz musician who lived in our area has passed away .
Bob Dorough was nationally famous as the man behind the Schoolhouse Rock segments that so many of us grew up with .
Dorough was a beloved member of the jazz community . Those in the Poconos who knew them said although they were larger than life , they always made time for their friends and music .
You may have seen their work on the educational cartoon show “ Schoolhouse Rock ” or seen them perform live in a concert .
Dorough passed away on Monday but their style and impact on jazz will forever leave an impact on their listeners .
“ His notes were not this pure , in tune , it had a character to it and it was because they were having fun so that 's what music is about , ” said Matt Vahlishan .
Newswatch 16 spoke to the head of the jazz department at East Stroudsburg University . They showed us a jazz collection focused on Pocono area musicians .
Dorough moved to our area in the 1960s , performed at jazz festivals around the region , and received an honorary doctorate at ESU in the 1990s .
Vahlishan grew up watching Schoolhouse Rock in Monroe County but never realized that Dorough was the voice behind the cartoon characters until years later when they met the jazz legend in person .
“ He was such a ball of positive energy . That 's probably why their career was so long . ”
The Deer Head Inn in Delaware Water Gap is a place known as a haven for jazz and where Dorough performed many times .
“ As a community fixture , as a legend in the jazz community , something to be learned by them was to let you down and give , ” said Lou Rogai .
“ Performing and music were their life . it was on their mind constantly , ” said Denny Carrig at the Deer Head Inn .
Mitchell Kezin directed a 2013 film called Jingle Bell Rocks , a movie about alternative underground Christmas music that featured a song written by Bob Dorough and jazz great Miles Davis .
“ He was telling me about their collaboration with Miles was the greatest , biggest moment of my career so far , ” said Kezin .
Dorough was 94 .
Those that knew Dorough said they made jazz for everyone and because of that , their legacy will live on forever .
BALLYNAHINCH II 17 ENNISKILLEN 13
( after extra-time , 80 minutes 10-10 )
Enniskillen on the attack against Ballynahinch
Ballynahinch II took a dramatic River Rock Towns ' Cup final win in extra-time on Easter Monday against Enniskillen .
Trailing 13-10 win just seconds on the clock , a last offensive by the Co Downside saw them score with an overlap and break the Fermamagh side 's hearts for the second year running .
The Skins had lost to Bangor in last year 's Easter Monday showpiece at Kingspan Stadium and it looked as if they might go one better on two occasions , leading 10-3 in normal time and 13-10 in extra time - but it was not to be .
Ballynahinch dominated the first half but a superb defensive rearguard from the Fermanagh boys kept them restricted to a Patrick Wright penalty goaled after seven minutes .
Ballynahinch 's Chris Orr scores a try against Enniskillen
Enniskillen were on top for long periods in the second half and deserved to first level with a penalty from Adam Lendrum and then go 10-3 ahead , the impressive Robert Baloucoune getting the touchdown for Lendrum to convert .
In typically Hinch fashion , the Co Downside responded and repalcement Connor Phillips goes over for the try which replacement Chris Quinn converts to level .
Hinch had one final push in added time , but Enniskillen held them out and the tie went into extra time .
A penalty from Lendrum five minutes into the first half gave the Enniskillen side a three-point advantage and their side then dug in deep to stop some strong Hinch attacking .
Two minutes into the second half of extra time Quinn saw a penalty from halfway strike the left pole .
Enniskillen 's defence had been amazing all afternoon , but with seconds on the clock an overlap appeared and Chris Orr scrambled over for the score which secured the victory - Quinn 's conversion the last act of the game .
Researchers are closer to solving the puzzle of a complex neurological condition called 15q13.3 microdeletion syndrome . Individuals with this condition are missing a small piece of chromosome 15 that usually contains six genes , but which one of the genes is responsible for the clinical characteristics of patients has not been clear . In this study , a multidisciplinary team of researchers at Baylor College of Medicine and Texas Children 's Hospital has identified in a mouse model OTUD7A as the gene within the deleted region that accounts for many characteristics of the human condition . The researchers also discovered that mice deficient in the gene Otud7a have fewer dendritic spines , small protrusions involved in neuron communication , which might be related to the neurological deficits . The report appears in the American Journal of Human Genetics .
`` Identifying the gene within a deleted region of a chromosome that accounts for the clinical characteristics we see in patients is very important , '' said senior author Dr. Christian Schaaf , assistant professor of molecular and human genetics at Baylor College of Medicine and the Joan and Stanford Alexander Endowed Chair for Neuropsychiatric Genetics at Texas Children 's Hospital . `` If we want to get to the point where we can treat patients , we need to know which gene or genes to target . That is the big picture question behind this study . ''
The 15q13.3 microdeletion syndrome is characterized by a wide spectrum of neurodevelopmental disorders , including developmental delay , intellectual disability , epilepsy , language impairment , abnormal behaviors , neuropsychiatric disorders and hypotonia . Schaaf and their colleagues have studied the 15q13.3 microdeletion syndrome for several years trying to answer the question of which gene within that region may account for the patients ' characteristics . `` We have addressed that question from different standpoints using different kinds of technology , '' Schaaf said . `` One way is with mouse models . We genetically engineer mice to lack a certain gene , and determine whether the animals show any features similar to what we see in the patients . For example , if the patients have epilepsy , we knock out a gene we suspect is involved in epilepsy and determine whether the mice also have the condition . ''
Of the six genes usually present within the deleted region in 15q13.3 microdeletion syndrome , the gene OTUD7A was considered a strong candidate , as it is one of only two genes that are always involved in the deletion , based on hundreds of patients studied by Schaaf and their colleagues . To test the relevance of the suspect gene , the researchers genetically engineered mice to lack this gene and observed that the mice indeed had many of the characteristics present in patients . In addition , they discovered that the gene is expressed in dendritic spines and that mice without the gene have fewer dendritic spines than those with it .
`` We now have two new pieces of this complex genetic puzzle , '' Schaaf said . `` We found that the gene Otud7a seems to play a major role in many of the neurological problems observed in our mouse model , and that this gene could be considered a therapeutic target for the human condition . ''
`` We also learned that this gene is involved in the regulation of dendritic spine density . Altogether , our findings suggest that a deficiency in the gene OTUD7A is a major contributor to the clinical characteristics associated with the 15q13.3 microdeletion syndrome via changes in the number of dendritic spines and their activity , '' they said .
Schaaf and their colleagues think that the Otud7a knockout mouse line they have engineered would be a valuable resource to other researchers who wish to study this condition further . They have deposited the mouse line with the Jackson Laboratory for immediate availability .
# # #
Other contributors to this work include Jiani Yin , Wu Chen , Eugene S. Chao , Sirena Soriano , Li Wang , Wei Wang , Steven E. Cummock , Huifang Tao , Kaifang Pang , Zhandong Liu , Fred A. Pereira , Rodney C. Samaco , Huda Y. Zoghbi and Mingshan Xue .
The work was supported in part by the BCM Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities Research Center Neuroconnectivity , Neurovisualization and Neurobehavioral Cores ( NIH Grant U54HD083092 ) , the Baylor College of Medicine Genetically Engineered Mouse Core ( NIH Grants P30CA125123 , U42HG006352 ) , NIH Grant DP5OD009134 , NIH Grant R01NS100893 , the Whitehall Foundation and Citizens United for Research in Epilepsy , a Caroline DeLuca Scholarship and the Joan and Stanford Alexander Family .
DETROIT ( AP ) — When it came to pursuing a scientific career , Tasneem Essader encountered forces pulling them in and pushing them away : They drew inspiration from their mother 's work in chemistry , but initial discouragement from their engineer father , who thought they should do something else . They were inspired by women engineers they met , but found few girls around them in advanced high school science classes .
Essader , who feels strongly connected to their Muslim faith , also struggled to find the right fit among an array of identity-based scholarships as they looked to help ease the financial burden of college .
Then , an uncle informed them about the Adawia Alousi Scholars program , and the obstacles started to fall away . They found that fit , and a kinship with the scholarship program 's namesake .
“ After reading about Dr. Alousi 's life , I felt like the struggles I faced because of who I am in the field I want to pursue have been validated , ” Essader wrote in their essay application , “ that someone who has gone through the same struggles as I have and has something about it to make it easier for future generations . ”
The scholarship , established at the Dearborn , Michigan-based Center for Arab American Philanthropy with money from Alousi 's family trust , is believed to be the first of its kind for Muslim-American women studying science , technology , engineering and mathematics . Essader is in the inaugural class of 11 recipients of the scholarship , named after a scientist who helped develop a pioneering drug treatment for congestive heart failure in the 1980s .
Alousi , who died in 2010 , was an Iraq-born Muslim who had to fight to earn recognition in a male-dominated field . They wanted money from their trust to go toward charity .
“ We reflected upon who my aunt was , what they would want . They were most passionate about their science and Islam — the scholarship reflects those passions , ” said nephew Amin Alousi , an associate professor of medicine at the University of Texas ' MD Anderson Cancer Center .
Alousi said their aunt 's pharmacological research was the backbone for a new class of drugs for congestive heart failure — and they and their colleagues were the first to bring such drugs to market . Still , they added , they faced discrimination being “ a foreign-born woman . ”
“ She really did have to be vocal , ” Alousi said . “ On all the scientific papers , they insisted on being recognized as a lead author . ”
Alousi said the scholarship includes grade requirements but they added , “ We want people with a compelling story , ” including “ overcoming hardships . ”
Essader , a first-year student at the University of North Carolina , wants to “ carry forward Dr. Alousi 's spirit by breaking the stereotypes surrounding people who look like me. ” Essader says their father has grown more encouraging as they see their passion for their intended career in biomedical engineering .
Another recipient , Teeba Jihad , said their “ family was under attack ” in their native Iraq as members of the Shiite sect of Islam during wartime . After coming to the U.S. at age 11 , they faced name-calling and criticism for their modest clothing . Jihad , who had a cancer scare in 2013 , is studying biomolecular science at New York University and has worked in a lab to develop breast cancer treatments using magnetic , nanoscale particles . The scholarship , they wrote , allows them to “ continue to create a positive image of young Muslim females . ”
Alousi hopes the recipients ' achievements help dispel misconceptions .
“ The bigger narrative of how often people in the West or in the United States wrongly assume Muslim women are uneducated , not successful , or not outspoken — I think that 's the bigger story that we hope to overcome with this scholarship and the young women it supports , ” they said .
___
Karoub is a member of AP 's Race and Ethnicity Team , and frequently writes about religion . Follow them on Twitter at https : //twitter.com/jeffkaroub and find more of their work at https : //apnews.com/search/jeff % 20karoub . Sign up for the AP 's weekly newsletter showcasing our best reporting from the Midwest and Texas : http : //apne.ws/2u1RMfv .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
The speeds open up opportunities for a new raft of sophisticated features such as high-quality augmented reality and virtual personal assistants .
The speeds open up opportunities for a new raft of sophisticated features such as high-quality augmented reality and virtual personal assistants .
Telstra has reached a magic milestone in Australian smartphone technology , hitting speeds of more than one gigabit per second on a Samsung Galaxy handset .
Download speeds of 1.03Gbps were achieved in repeated tests using the new Samsung Galaxy 9 and S9+ in gigabit-enabled parts of Telstra 's mobile network in Sydney .
Telstra head of mobiles Kevin Teoh said it was the first time in Australia that speeds of more than 1Gbps had been demonstrated on a commercial network with a commercial smartphone .
“ While customers using these phones on Telstra 's 4GX service will typically see download speeds in the range of 5-300Mbps tests like these show that , from time to time , Galaxy S9 and S9+ owners may see significantly higher speeds in Telstra 's gigabit-enabled coverage areas .
“ As smartphones evolve and we move into the 5G era there will be a new raft of sophisticated features that are enabled by reliably fast data speeds .
“ High-quality augmented reality , virtual personal assistants that anticipate needs and virtual doctors that monitor vital signs are just some of the technologies that are on the horizon . ”
Telstra 's gigabit-enabled coverage is available within a 3km radius of the Sydney and Melbourne CBDs , 2km in Brisbane and Adelaide and a number of sites in selected high-traffic locations .
Deployment is also under way in the Perth CBD but typical customer speeds will be less .
For example , I began my police career in a rural county of Utah which I shall not name because it 's where God practiced making people before they got really good at it . At least a third of the population had brains that belonged in bell jars at a medical college .
The following is a guest contributed post from Howard Tiersky , the founder and CEO of FROM , the digital transformation agency .
Everyone has an app . But the companies that are dominating in the mobile space do n't stop at offering an app , rather they have engineered their value proposition to be truly digital . If your company was born before the digital era and is still working on the transition to the digital world , it 's helpful to consider what the key characteristics are of those companies that are truly digital and who are thriving in this new world – companies such Amazon , Google , Netflix , Uber , Skype , Apple , eBay or Airbnb .
There are three fundamental characteristics that are common , to varying degrees , across all successful digital brands .
Hyper-convenience
Uber taught us that the “ inconvenience ” of taking 30 seconds to pay the driver when you arrive at your destination could be eliminated . Amazon Dash allows us re-order detergent with the push of a button . Netflix auto-starts the next episode of House of Cards so you can binge watch for hours without lifting a finger . Digital leaders provide what we want , when we want it , where we want it . They obsess over removing every little bit of unnecessary effort by the consumer that they possibly can .
Hyper-convenience is n't just about process . It also means making it easy to see , understand and engage with everything your brand has to offer . Uber offers all its different services from basic cars to town cars to delivery all within the same app and the same interface . Netflix is available on just about every platform known to man from Smart TVs to computers to phones to watches and a quick login anywhere connects you to massive volumes of content .
Proactive Personalization
Companies that put digital at the center of what they do know where their customers are right now , what they are likely to want , how they prefer to pay and who they might want to include . Customers accept that the delivery of product recommendations based on past purchases and browsing history is a basic aspect of the relationship between them and the digital brands they engage with . Google is mastering this . Google Now notices the address for your next calendar appointment , checks traffic based on where you are at the moment and alerts you when you need to leave to be on time . Gmail suggests other people you might want to address your email to based on the subject and past groupings of recipients . And Google Search modifies your search results based not only on your current location but past searches and past browsing behavior .
Massive Value Shift
Lastly , digitally-centric players drive massive shifts in the value equations of their industry . Most digital leaders are not offering something fundamentally new , but replacing a “ pre-digital ” way of doing things . Netflix replaces the video store . Uber replaces the taxi . Amazon replaces the mall . Skype replaces the telephone . And Google Search replaces the librarian .
But in each case they have dramatically shifted the value equation . Skype took long distance and made it free or at worst a penny per minute . Netflix made massive libraries of videos available for $ 8 a month . Google 's range of services provides tremendous value and are not only free , but the breadth of their capabilities exceeds the capacity of more than one thousand libraries . Similarly Amazon provides more scale than most malls , free shipping and , in many cases , lower prices . Digital winners present what are fundamentally “ better deals ” to the customer . And how are they able to do that ? Generally by the efficiencies they get from digital technology combined with the scale that the reach of digital enables them to achieve .
Its often challenging for “ legacy ” companies to compete in these three categories due to a combination of factors including resistance to change , dependence on classic business models , and IT systems that are simply not capable of delivering an elegant , digitally-centric experience . In fact many legacy companies might not make it , as we see great retailers like Sports Authority go out of business and others like Macy 's and Sears shut hundreds of stores . At the same time there are companies like Walmart , Delta Air Lines and Verizon ( a former crusty “ Ma Bell ” company ) who are using digital to fundamentally transform the ways in which they meet their customer 's needs .
In the end , the ability for any company to adopt a truly digital approach to their business is contingent on how they respond to two questions : where does your company stack up and which of these areas do you need to focus on the most in 2017 ?
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A man who claims to have sped at an average of 90mph along the M5 will be reported to 15 police forces , including Gloucestershire Constabulary .
Tommy Davies claims to have travelled from John O'Groats to Land 's End in a record-breaking time of nine hours and 36 minutes .
But in order to complete the 841-mile trip in that time they would have had to have been driving at an average of 90mph – far above the national speed limit .
It is believed they could have been travelling at 150mph at certain points , DevonLive is reporting .
They drove a modified Audi S5 allowing them to detect speed cameras and police presence . Despite this they claim they hit just one red light on the trip which took them along the M5 through Gloucestershire .
( Image : YouTube/Tommy Davies )
They claim to have travelled past 50 speed cameras and spotted seven police cars – but did n't get a single ticket .
Only a FG1 Phantom fighter Jet has done the journey faster and Google Maps estimates a journey time of almost 15 hours .
Tommy undertook the late-night mission with pal Tom Harvey in a specially adapted Audi S5 with a 4.2 litre VA engine , back in September .
The pair had been planning to try and beat previous unofficial records for the trip for six years .
Tommy said : `` If you speak to a lot of people , the ten hour mark does n't seem possible to break , with the average speed cameras and the police , the odds were stacked against us .
`` A lot of people said it could n't be done - so we went out to prove them wrong .
`` We believe we are the only ones to do it that quick on land - only a FG1 Phantom fighter Jet has done it faster in just under 47 minutes . ''
( Image : YouTube/Tommy Davies )
The only official records for the journey date back to the 1900s before speed cameras and automatic number plate recognition technology existed .
Neal Champion , who held the previous record on a motorbike , did it in 11 hours 14 minutes at an average speed of 78.7 mph back in 1984 .
Tommy 's passion for endurance driving was ignited from watching Cannonball Run films as a child .
The driving duo studied the route for six years , breaking it up into various sections so they knew where police may be parked and where the speed cameras were .
`` We had spreadsheets just full of information just so we could get a good sense of what we were up against , '' Tommy said .
Tommy , who did not even tell their family they were doing the challenge , explained the importance of choosing the right time to do it - ensuring the weather was good and traffic was at its lightest .
( Image : YouTube/Tommy Davies )
They said : `` We left at 8pm , which we perfectly timed to pass Glasgow at 11.45pm , then come through Liverpool and Birmingham in the dead of night as they are the most populated areas .
`` We needed a car that was fully equipped to handle this sort of thing , so we made a number of modifications to it .
`` It 's a worthy adversary to a police car , with upgraded brakes taking it to 400 brake horsepower , counter measures to avoid speed traps and a detector to pick up police radio signals so we know if there are any police with in a kilometre of us .
`` It may just look like a lot of beeps and warning lights , but to us it 's vital information that helps us build a picture of what or who is around us . ''
`` We had a fuel tank in the boot that extends the range of the car from 250 miles to over 400 miles which meant we only had to stop once . ''
The committed petrol heads stopped to refuel , meeting two friends with 150 litres of petrol in a van at a junction near Lancaster services at 1.18am , before arriving at Land 's End at 5.36am .
( Image : YouTube/Tommy Davies )
`` It was a bit of shock when we finished , we had to quickly double-check that it was definitely nine hours 36 , '' Tommy , of Llangollen , north Wales , said .
`` To be on adrenaline for nine-and-a-half hours all through the night , the crash bang afterwards was just unbelievable - once we got the car in the trailer and a mate drove us back up I just fell asleep .
`` Speeding in this country is controversial and it 's one those things where you are on the road with other drivers , and who am I to put their lives at risk ?
`` We were so focused if there were any other cars on the road I would slow down and make sure the passing rate of speed was safe to minimise any risk .
`` Looking back , it was a great experience , it showed that all the research and preparation we had done really paid off . ''
But Tommy 's exploits have attracted a LOT of criticism from road safety campaigners .
( Image : YouTube/Tommy Davies )
Ian Crowder , head of road safety at AA , said : `` Britain 's road are crowded , and far too many people are injured and killed in road accidents every day .
`` For somebody to deliberately set about to break the land speed record , film it , and admit how many police they passed and how many cameras they avoided is an outrageous example of putting thousands of people 's lives at risk .
`` I hope the police prosecute him . It is almost unbelievable that somebody would do that , deliberately , and then brag about it .
`` No matter how skilled a driver you are , they were very lucky to avoid any kind of incident . What if somebody pulled out ? They would n't have had a chance .
`` And to film it ? Words fail me . I think it will provide the police all the evidence they need to prosecute him . ''
Edmund King , AA president , also slammed Mr Davies 's journey as `` reckless '' .
( Image : YouTube/Tommy Davies )
They said : `` Driving like that should be confined to the race track and not the public highway .
`` Five people per day die on our roads and often inappropriate speed plays a part in that carnage .
`` It is an idiotic , irresponsible and dangerous act to set out on such an intentional and reckless mission . No doubt the police will investigate this self-induced death wish . ''
Mr Davies appeared on BBC Radio 2 's Jeremy Vine show with Vanessa Feltz .
On the programme , motoring journalist Steve Berry and environmental campaigner Jeff Gazzard said they did not believe Mr Davies ' claim and said in order to complete such a time it is likely they would have had to drive in excess of 150mph at points .
Mr Gazzard also vowed to write to the chief constable of each of the 15 police constabularies Mr Davies travelled through to report him .
GloucestershireLive has contacted Gloucestershire Constabulary to ask if Mr Davies has been reported to them .
The Conservative Party were out and about in East Renfrewshire 's ward four yesterday , Clarkston , Netherlee , Stamperland and Williamwood , promoting their two candidates , Stewart Miller and Andrea Gee .
Everything appeared to be going to plan , residents were opening doors , discussions of the relative merits of party policies were underway , until , that is , it was pointed out to the campaign team , that their candidate was Andrea Gee and NOT Andrew Gee as depicted on the leaflet .
The Extra contacted deputy party leader , Jackson Carlaw MSP in an attempt to find out how it had all gone so badly wrong , and how many leaflets had been printed . At the time of going live with this article , there had been no response .
Andrea Gee commented : “ It was unfortunate that there was a typographical error on Stewart Miller 's election leaflet . We are aware of it and are having more printed as we speak . Personally , it does n't distract from Stewart 's excellent leaflet , their experience of ten years as an exceptional councillor and how well they have served East Renfrewshire . I think it 's pretty clear who to vote for . If this is all our opponents can find to criticise us then we are clearly doing well . ”
Share . The new system introduces increased customization options for every kind of gamer . The new system introduces increased customization options for every kind of gamer .
Xbox Live Avatars are getting a makeover for Xbox One and Windows 10 , with an increased focus on customization and inclusiveness .
The new Avatar system will be available late 2017 , Microsoft announced during Xbox Daily : Live @ E3 . Bryan Saftler , lead project manager at Xbox , said the new Avatars are a `` complete redesign '' and are being built in the Unity engine , allowing for increased customization .
The new Avatars are `` meant for whatever you want your digital self to represent , '' said Saftler . `` We do n't want to put you in a box . ''
As seen in a short trailer leading into the announcement , the new system will offer multiple options for people with disabilities , including wheelchairs and prosthetics , and will eliminate gender-specific clothing . `` If you see it in the store , you can wear it , '' said Xbox interaction designer Kathryn Storm .
For more from this year 's show , head over to IGN 's E3 2017 event hub .
Jordan is a freelance writer for IGN . Follow them on Twitter @ jdsirani .
JACKSON , Miss . ( AP ) - Mississippi 's governor has signed the nation 's tightest abortion restrictions into law .
Republican Gov . Phil Bryant signed House Bill 1510 on Monday afternoon . It becomes law immediately and bans most abortions after 15 weeks ' gestation . Bryant has frequently said they want Mississippi to be the `` safest place in America for an unborn child . ''
The law 's only exceptions are if a fetus has health problems making it `` incompatible with life '' outside of the womb at full term , or if a pregnant woman 's life or a `` major bodily function '' is threatened by pregnancy . Pregnancies resulting from rape and incest are n't exempted .
Abortion rights advocates are calling the law unconstitutional because it limits abortion before fetuses can live outside the womb . The owner of Mississippi 's only abortion clinic opposes the law and has pledged to sue .
By The Associated Press
Cincinnati AB R H BI BB SO Avg . Hamilton cf 5 0 1 2 0 0 .246 Cozart ss 3 0 0 0 2 1 .315 Votto 1b 5 0 3 0 0 0 .317 Duvall lf 3 0 0 0 1 1 .260 Suarez 3b 2 2 0 0 3 0 .261 Gennett 2b-p 5 2 2 2 0 0 .292 Mesoraco c 0 0 0 0 0 0 .213 1-Barnhart pr-c 3 1 1 0 1 0 .271 Kivlehan rf 4 0 1 0 0 1 .216 Wojciechowski p 2 0 0 0 0 2 .077 Shackelford p 1 0 0 0 0 0 .000 Wood p 0 0 0 0 0 0 .000 Storen p 0 0 0 0 0 0 .000 Lorenzen p 0 0 0 0 0 0 .111 a-Peraza ph-2b 1 0 0 0 0 0 .261 Totals 34 5 8 4 7 5
Chicago AB R H BI BB SO Avg . Jay cf 5 3 3 1 1 0 .299 La Stella 2b-1b-2b-3b 5 2 3 2 0 0 .313 Bryant 3b 4 2 2 2 1 1 .296 b-Happ ph-2b 0 0 0 0 0 0 .248 Rizzo 1b-2b-1b 5 1 3 5 0 1 .262 c-Caratini ph-1b 1 0 0 0 0 0 .212 Schwarber lf 2 1 1 1 1 1 .193 Avila c 5 0 0 0 0 1 .264 Heyward rf 4 3 2 0 1 0 .255 Baez ss 5 2 2 2 0 2 .272 Quintana p 3 0 0 0 0 2 .083 Montgomery p 1 1 1 2 0 0 .125 Grimm p 1 0 0 0 0 0 .000 Totals 41 15 17 15 4 8
Cincinnati 020 000 030— 5 8 1 Chicago 200 500 62x—15 17 1
a-flied out for Lorenzen in the 8th . b-hit by pitch for Bryant in the 8th . c-out on fielder 's choice for Rizzo in the 8th .
1-ran for Mesoraco in the 2nd .
E_Kivlehan ( 2 ) , Quintana ( 1 ) . LOB_Cincinnati 11 , Chicago 10 . 2B_Votto ( 23 ) , Jay ( 14 ) , Bryant ( 25 ) , Montgomery ( 1 ) . 3B_Jay ( 2 ) . HR_Gennett ( 20 ) , off Montgomery ; Bryant ( 22 ) , off Wojciechowski ; Rizzo ( 27 ) , off Wojciechowski ; Baez ( 18 ) , off Gennett . RBIs_Hamilton 2 ( 32 ) , Gennett 2 ( 68 ) , Jay ( 25 ) , La Stella 2 ( 7 ) , Bryant 2 ( 54 ) , Rizzo 5 ( 76 ) , Schwarber ( 39 ) , Baez 2 ( 54 ) , Montgomery 2 ( 3 ) . CS_Duvall ( 3 ) . SF_La Stella .
Runners left in scoring position_Cincinnati 5 ( Votto 2 , Gennett , Barnhart 2 ) ; Chicago 5 ( Avila 4 , Caratini ) . RISP_Cincinnati 1 for 11 ; Chicago 7 for 15 .
Runners moved up_Duvall , Peraza , Gennett .
Cincinnati IP H R ER BB SO NP ERA Gennett 1 2 2 2 1 0 21 18.00 Wojciechowski , L , 3-2 3 2-3 10 7 7 0 5 83 5.21 Shackelford 1 1-3 0 0 0 1 2 17 6.75 Wood 1 0 0 0 1 1 16 4.37 Storen 2-3 4 6 3 1 0 29 3.75 Lorenzen 1-3 1 0 0 0 0 5 4.11 Chicago IP H R ER BB SO NP ERA Quintana , W , 7-10 5 4 2 1 4 4 105 4.33 Montgomery 2 2-3 3 3 3 2 0 51 3.82 Grimm 1 1-3 1 0 0 1 1 24 5.10
Inherited runners-scored_Lorenzen 2-1 , Grimm 1-0 . HBP_Quintana 2 ( Mesoraco , Duvall ) , Wojciechowski ( Schwarber ) , Storen ( Schwarber ) , Gennett ( Happ ) .
Umpires_Home , Ron Kulpa ; First , Marvin Hudson ; Second , Ryan Blakney ; Third , Chris Conroy .
T_3:45 . A_40,263 ( 41,072 ) .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
WOOD RIVER , Neb . — The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission is suing a Nebraska bank it says violated federal law by paying a woman less than it paid a man for the same work .
The Lincoln Journal Star reports the lawsuit says Heritage Bank in Wood River paid Christine Schwieger and another woman , both relationship managers who sold insurance at bank branches , a salary of $ 30,000 , plus commission , from 2010 to 2013 .
The lawsuit says that in 2014 , a man hired to replace the other woman , who had quit , was paid $ 40,000 plus commission for the same job .
The EEOC says that the bank did nothing when Schwieger complained , violating the Equal Pay Act of 1963 .
You 've released your child into the dangerous deep end of the internet by giving them their first smartphone ( hopefully not before the age of 13 ) . We do n't want to be the fear-monger on the corner of the street , but unfortunately your child will most likely be exposed to pornography and sexting . So , what can you do to prepare them ?
The most important thing is to maintain an open and honest conversation with your child from early on . Never wait for the issue to arise , if you approach the subject of pornography or sexting before it happens it means they will be more comfortable to approach you and they wo n't have the fear of judgement when it happens .
Ask about what apps and social media they use , download them on your phone and get a feel for what it 's about . We have a guide to the most popular apps on our blog that gives an overview of apps and the risks associated with them . Another outstanding resource is Common Sense Media , they have comprehensive guides with reviews ( from teens and parents ) on almost every app and website under the sun .
Put guards and safety nets in place . You particularly want to stop them from coming across pornography as it can be greatly detrimental to your child 's developing brain . Internet Matters has step-by-step instructions to put filters on almost all routers , search engines , devices and even gaming consoles . These features may not stop the onslaught everywhere , but it can at least make sure they 're protected at home .
Make sure your child 's school is educating them on good digital citizenship . We also recommend , “ Selfies , Sexts and Smartphones ” to all teens who have a smartphone . It is the ultimate guide of everything they need to know to use their devices and social media safely .
Good luck to you and your child in navigating the digital landscape .
~ Emma Sadleir ( Social Media Lawyer )
CCTV footage has emerged on social media , presumably showing the moment the explosion hit central Manhattan on Monday . Sputnik , however , has not been able so far to verify the authenticity of this video .
The New York Police Department has confirmed the explosion to Sputnik , giving no further details . The New York Fire Department has confirmed that one person was injured at the scene . One person has reportedly been taken into custody .
It was reported that the explosion took place near subway line at the Port Authority station . The area has been evacuated due to the possible threat of a secondary explosive device .
Defending star Golden State Warriors guard Stephen Curry in the NBA finals wo n't be a one-man job for coach Tyronn Lue 's Cleveland Cavaliers .
Lue said on Wednesday while starting point guard George Hill is likely to be matched up with Curry the most , the Cavaliers coach will be ready to throw everything and the kitchen sink at the former two-time MVP when the finals open Thursday night in Oakland .
`` Multiple guys are gon na be thrown at Steph , '' Lue told USA Today .
`` He 's a tough player . He 's gon na take a lot of shots . He 's gon na get shots . He 's gon na make some tough shots , so we understand that . ''
Thirty-year-old Curry played in only 51 games during the regular season due to injury and missed the Warriors ' first six postseason games but has looked like their old self on the court since returning .
Curry is averaging 24.8 points on 38.5 per cent shooting from 3-point range , 6.1 rebounds , 4.9 assists and 1.8 steals over 11 playoff games , never scoring fewer than 18 points .
The five-time All-Star averaged 25 points during Golden State 's seven-game Western Conference finals victory against over Houston Rockets .
In Game 7 , Curry 27 points , 10 assists and nine boards in the Warriors ' 101-92 victory .
`` We want to be physical , stay on their body , '' Lue added .
`` Just being alert and taking away those easy like - losing them in transition or we turn our head , they move and they get a three wide open or an offensive rebounds , they move and we do n't lock into him .
`` Those are the ones we want to take away . We just got ta make sure we take away the easy ones . ''
The Cavaliers defeated the Boston Celtics in their own seven-game series to reach their fourth straight finals .
Cleveland and Golden State are meeting for a record fourth straight finals series .
PARIS ( AP ) — Corsican nationalists swept elections Sunday on the French Mediterranean island of Corsica for a new regional assembly , crushing President Emmanuel Macron 's young centrist movement and traditional parties .
The nationalists on the once-restive island of 320,000 people want more autonomy from Paris but unlike those in the nearby Spanish region of Catalonia , they are n't seeking full independence — yet .
In what French media called an unprecedented score , a coalition of moderate and harder-line nationalists won 56.5 percent of the vote in Sunday 's second-round election , according to figures from the Interior Ministry . Local media showed nationalists sing Corsican songs and celebrating in the streets after the results were announced .
The nationalist coalition , which also won the most votes in the first round a week ago , will have 41 of the 63 seats in the new assembly , which takes office Jan. 1 after a territorial reform replacing previous assemblies . Candidates from Macron 's Republic on the Move ! party won just six seats .
On the ballot were nationalist issues such as amnesty for political prisoners , the recognition of Corsican as the official language alongside French and protections for locals who want to buy real estate on the popular destination that the French refer to as the “ Island of Beauty , ” which is also rich in history and famed as the birthplace of Napoleon .
The nationalists formed an alliance between the more popular , moderate group led by Gilles Simeoni , who wants devolved power , and a fiery movement led by Jean-Guy Talamoni , who aims to eventually get full autonomy for Corsica , though not immediately .
The vote came a day after French Basques marched through Paris demanding the release of fellow Basques held in prisons around the country for separatist activity .
Far away in the South Pacific , the French territory of New Caledonia is preparing for a referendum on self-rule next year .
___
Associated Press writer Angela Charlton in Paris contributed to this report .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
The Kodi HTPC/multimedia software has revamped support for Wayland as an alternative to the X.Org Server on Linux thanks to Google Summer of Code developer Philipp Kerling.Several years back was Kodi Wayland support that fell into disrepair and was removed , but now Philipp has been spending the summer on rewriting the Wayland support so that it 's almost on-par with the windowing support under X11.Those curious about the GSoC 2017 adventure in porting Kodi back to Wayland can be found via this Kodi.tv blog post There 's the pull request outstanding for merging the Wayland support into mainline Kodi . Hopefully it will end up landing soon .
RELATED : Rose third at MNGWL State , MAHACA wrestling , Morris/C-A athletics
No Tiger won their weight class . Jared Rohloff at 138 and Gage Wevley at 220 were the top finishers with second place at their respective weights . Jed Feuchtenberger at 106 and Dalton Rose at 113 both took third place .
Rohloff , who is ranked eighth in Class AA at 138 pounds , went 2-1 on the day to finish in second place . They fell to champion Dylan Rudningen of KMS by 19-6 major decision . In the first round , Rohloff pinned Matt Hanson of Pelican Rapids in 0:50 , then in the semifinals they took a 13-3 major decision over Dane Schoenborn of Fosston-Bagley to reach the title match .
With only four wrestlers at 220 pounds , Wevley 's tournament was a round robin format . They went 2-1 on the day , falling to champion Mason Nibbe of WCA/A/B-E . In the first round , Wevley defeated Gabe Diaz of Breckenridge by 12-3 major decision . In the second round , they pinned Levi Hanson of Fosston-Bagley in 2:42 . Wevley fell to Nibbe in the third round by 8-4 decision .
Feuchtenberger 's tournament started with a first round bye . In the semifinals , they were pinned by WCA/A/B-E 's Jordan Lohse in 5:40 to drop them to the third place match where they defeated Thomas Eustice of Ortonville by fall in 1:18 .
Rose went 2-1 on the day . They defeated Ortonville 's Deaven Boots by fall in 3:54 in the first round , then fell to eventual champion Kaleb Getz of WCA/A/B-E by 7-4 decision . In the third place match , Rose defeated Zach Haire of Breckenridge by injury default .
The Tigers travel to Thief River Falls on Saturday , Feb. 18 for the Section 8AA team tournament . MAHACA was seeded No . 10 of 12-team tournament and will wrestle No . 7-seeded Pequot Lakes / Pine River-Backus at 11 a.m . The winner then takes on No . 2 Detroit Lakes at 12:30 p.m .
The Section 8AA individual tournament is next Friday and Saturday , Feb. 24 and 25 at Fergus Falls .
If you 're interested in viewing additional photos from the third annual Doc Busian Invitational , please email Brooke Kern at photos @ morrissuntribune.com .
Doc Busian Invite
Team scoring – ( 1 ) West Central Area / Ashby / Brandon-Evansville 249.5 ( 2 ) Kerkhoven-Murdock-Sunburg 197.5 ( 3 ) Morris Area / Hancock / Chokio-Alberta 133.5 ( 4 ) Fosston-Bagley 132.5 ( 5 ) Benson 120 ( 6 ) Breckenridge 83 ( 7 ) Ortonville 80.5 ( 8 ) Pelican Rapids 62
How MAHACA fared…
106 : Jed Feuchtenberger 1-1 , 3rd… 113 : Dalton Rose 2-1 , 3rd… 120 : Ben Travis 1-2 , 4th… 126 : Gerardo Villela 1-2 , 6th… 132 : Gideon Joos 1-2 , 6th… 138 : Jared Rohloff 2-1 , 2nd… 145 : Chase Metzger 2-1 , 5th… 152 : Brady Cardwell 1-2 , 4th… 152 : Christian Dodds 1-2 , 6th… 160 : Tristan Raths 1-2 , 6th… 170 : Matt McNeill 2-1 , 5th… 182 : Open… 195 : Bain Laine 2-1 , 5th… 220 : Gage Wevley 2-1 , 2nd… 285 : Open
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
POTTSVILLE — Olivia Moran pitched a three-hit shutout and struck out seven to lead Pottsville past Blue Mountain 2-0 on Monday in a Schuylkill League Division I softball game at the CACL Complex .
Tori Naradko paced the offense by going 3-for-3 with a pair of RBI singles .
Kassi Kuperavage went 2-for-3 with a double , a triple and a run scored for the Crimson Tide , which snapped a four-game losing streak .
BM ( 5-4 , 1-3 ) 000 000 0 — 0 3 1
Po ( 4-4 , 1-2 ) 000 101 x — 2 7 0
Schwartz and Skoff ; O. Moran and Marx . W — O. Moran ( 2-1 ) . L — Schwartz ( 3-3 ) .
HITS : Blue Mountain — Swiezak , Yeakley 2 . Pottsville — O. Moran , Sadusky , Kuperavage 2 , Naradko 3 .
2B — Kuperavage . 3B — Kuperavage .
Marian 10 , MMI 0
HOMETOWN — Lindsey Reinoehl had a big day in the circle and at the plate as Marian routed MMI in a non-league game .
In the circle , Reinoehl tossed a one-hit shutout and struck out 11 .
At the plate , Reinoehl went 2-for-3 with a double , a triple and three RBIs .
Also for the Fillies , Miranda Antiga was 3-for-4 with three runs scored .
MMI 000 000 — 0 1 3
Mar ( 7-2 ) 232 201 — 10 14 1
Minzola and Kupsho ; Reinoehl and M. Joy . W — Reinoehl ( 7-2 ) . L — Minzola .
HITS : MMI — Pinto . Marian — M. Joy 2 , Antiga 3 , Reinoehl 2 , Galasso , Alansky 2 , A. Joy , Muntzenberger , Gimeno , Horvath .
2B — M. Joy , Reinoehl , Alansky , Gimeno . 3B — Reinoehl .
Tamaqua 15
Panther Valley 0
TAMAQUA — Miranda Chinchar went 2-for-2 with a two-run home run , three RBIs and two runs scored to power Tamaqua to a non-league win .
Brooke Zellner went 2-for-2 with one RBI and three runs scored , while Cailyn Joseph was 2-for-2 with two doubles , three RBIs and three runs scored for the Blue Raiders .
Jada Schellhammer pitched a one-hit shutout , striking out six in three innings .
PV ( 0-7 ) 0 0 0 — 0 1 3
Tam ( 10-0 ) 5 ( 10 ) x — 15 8 0
Beers , Pascoe ( 2 ) and Clouser ; Schellhammer and Zellner . W — Schellhammer ( 8-0 ) . L — Beers ( 0-2 ) .
HITS : Panther Valley — Miller . Tamaqua — Zellner 2 , Chinchar 2 , Joseph 2 , Schellhammer , Kupchinsky .
2B — Miller , Joseph 2 . HR — Chinchar .
Shamokin 6
Williams Valley 5
TOWER CITY — Morgan Updegrove singled , doubled and knocked in two runs for Williams Valley in a non-league loss to Shamokin .
Caitlyn Pinchorski added two RBIs for the Vikings .
Trailing 6-3 heading to the bottom of the seventh inning , Updegrove delivered an RBI single and Pinchorski hit a sacrifice fly . Williams Valley had a runner on first base when the game ended .
Sham 300 012 0 — 6 7 0
WV ( 3-3 ) 101 010 2 — 5 7 2
Bonshock and Glosek ; Unger and Hoffman . W — Bonshock . L — Unger ( 3-3 ) .
HITS : Shamokin — Erdman , Bonshock , Dunn , Hovenstine , Faust , Rodarmel , Glosek . Williams Valley — Whitcomb , Pinchorski , Achenbach , Updegrove 2 , Hoffman , McNeal .
2B — Dunn , Updegrove .
Schuylkill Valley 9
Nativity 4
LEESPORT — Tori Hunyara had two hits and two RBIs for Nativity in a non-league loss to Schuylkill Valley .
Bailey McClure added two singles and one RBI for the Golden Girls .
Nat ( 0-4 ) 000 200 2 — 4 7 2
SV ( 2-8 ) 022 311 x — 9 12 2
Brit . Kenton and Bria . Kenton ; Geiger and Renninger . W — Geiger . L — Brit . Kenton ( 0-3 ) .
HITS : Nativity — Hunyara 2 , McClure 2 , Rushannon , Reigel , Bria . Kenton . Schuylkill Valley — Davis , Sisco 3 , Davidson , Geiger 2 , Miller , Rittenhouse , Renninger 2 , Rea .
2B — Geiger , Renninger . 3B — Davidson .
Exeter 12
Hamburg 7
REIFFTON — Erica Lutz went Lutz 3-for-4 with a three-run home run for Hamburg in a non-league loss to Exeter .
Amber Shuey belted a two-run homer for the Hawks .
Ham ( 4-5 ) 003 200 2 — 7 8 3
Exe ( 7-0 ) 251 022 x — 12 14 2
Gerner and Ke . Behler ; Musselman and Kisamore . W — Musselman . L — Gerner ( 4-4 ) .
HITS : Hamburg — Ka . Behler , Lutz 3 , Landis , Gerner , Shuey , Munoz . Exeter — Hangen 3 , Kisamore 2 , Karas 2 , Z. Texidor , P. Texidor , Musselman , Dinunzio , Barna 3 .
2B — Karas , Barna . 3B — Ka . Behler . HR — Lutz , Shuey .
HAZEL PARK ( WWJ ) – A contractor drilling holes in the ground may have led to a methane gas leak in Hazel Park forcing several homeowners to leave their homes .
The gas leak near I-75 and Woodward Heights has forced the closure of a church and forced four homeowners to evacuate the area Monday .
A methane gas leak in Hazel Park has three homes evacuated and the closure of the 75 Service Dr. to John R. No injuries , but authorities worry about explosions . @ WWJ950 @ FOX2News pic.twitter.com/K4f5xVhRBf — Charlie Langton ( @ charlielangton ) December 11 , 2017
Fire Chief Rich Storey tells WWJ 's Charlie Langton that they 're taking precautions in the immediate area .
“ We have northbound Chrysler Drive , north of Woodward Heights closed , which is the road that the core is on and then we have three side streets closed and four homes evacuated and a church – just for the safety of our citizens , ” said Storey .
Astile Stevenson among residents being put up for the night elsewhere .
“ Stayed at my daughter 's last night , ” said Stevenson . “ The other folks across the street … there – their daughter 's with their dogs . It 's just scary … when it hits home . ”
Chuck Simon , who lives in the area , says it 's a concern . “ Oh yeah , I mean , methane gas you could have an explosion … a spark , somebody throws a cigarette out of their car – something . You know , it could go up like crazy . ”
No word how long before repairs can be made . Testing is being done to determine what type of gas is escaping — methane gas is a naturally occurring gas — there 's no smell but it is highly explosive .
As communities age and money for big projects dries up , top municipal officials are saying “ something has to give . ”
A report on the perspective of chief administrative officers ( CAOs ) — by Strategy Corp. — found that just as Toronto is struggling to find ways to pay for much-needed infrastructure work , smaller communities , too , are finding it increasingly difficult to come with badly-needed cash .
“ You thought Toronto was just having these problems , ” said John Matheson , report co-author and a principal at Strategy Corp. “ Actually , the report indicates it 's the municipal sector as a whole ... These problems are fairly common across Ontario which is why it 's important people pay attention to them . ”
The group interviewed 26 CAOs — the top bureaucrats of towns , counties or cities — to get their views on the future of municipal government . The report focuses on small- to medium-size communities , and was provided exclusively to the Toronto Sun .
The report says CAOs are seeing a gap between what the public expects of local government and what they are prepared to pay for has grown . One participant told the authors “ something has to give . ”
The report says councillors in those communities are hesitant to raise taxes or create new revenue streams to pay for the work which is n't surprising , they added .
“ There 's a lot of infrastructure put in the ground between 50 and 75 years ago , ” Matheson said , adding that years of deferring infrastructure work are catching up with communities .
The CAOs also expressed concern about the rise of a divisive brand of populism in city halls across Ontario . A number of councillors are mimicking U.S. President Donald Trump 's brash style , often publicly attacking bureaucrats and questioning their work .
“ ( Municipal governments ) are not designed to have a somebody on council who is structurally opposing everything , ” they said . “ It 's contributing to only half of them saying they had good relations with their councils . ”
The interviews used for the report were conducted confidentially . The findings offer a rare , unvarnished view of major issues taking place in these towns and cities , said Ron Shaw , a senior advisor with Strategy Corp who co-authored the report .
Shaw , a former CAO with over 30 years experience in Stratford and Kincardine , said top municipal bureaucrats do n't want to be critical of their communities publicly .
“ They 're not going to say much different than what their councillors may be saying , ” they added . “ They want to make sure they represent the views of the municipality . Speaking confidentially , they can speak to us ... and give honest , open feedback . ”
Releasing the report at the Association of Municipalities of Ontario 's annual meeting in Ottawa this week will help bring the concerns of the CAOs into focus , they said .
Matheson added that the concerns raised in the report will need to be addressed through a variety of means , including the provision of more cash to municipalities .
sjeffords @ postmedia.com
The first time Deirdre Larkin laced up to go for a run back in 2009 they managed only a few steps . Despite a lifetime of inactivity and being a 78-year osteoporosis sufferer , their determination paid off . Now , at 85 , she 's run countless races and has just broken a world record by a whopping 20 minutes ! How does 97-year-old Charles Eugsters keep their fit and lean body looking like that of a man half their age ? Carte Blanche meets old people with bodies that defy their chronological age . What is their secret to longevity ?
Start Saturday with an early , group run and pancakes after at Big Dog 's Pancake Run . All running levels welcome – just show up at 6:00 a.m. est in front of Big Dog Running Company in Uptown .
Also in Uptown – you can browse or buy baked goods , organic produce and so much more from local vendors at Market Days from 9:00 a.m. est until noon Saturday .
If you want to check out or participate in some cool mountain biking at Flat Rock Park – the Go Nuts Season Opener is Saturday morning as well from 8:00 a.m. until 11:00 a.m. est .
This weekend 's highlighted event is Astronomy Night at FDR State Park from 7:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m. est Saturday night . An astronomy team from Columbus State University Coca-Cola Space Science Center gives a tour of the nighttime sky , points out constellations and provides awesome telescopes for everyone to look through for free !
Shawn Cruzen is the Executive Director of CSU Coca-Cola Space Science Center and says the view of the nighttime sky through their telescopes is a sight to see .
“ And the beautiful thing is those telescopes can really show up night sky objects the way you 've never seen them before with your own eyes . So it 's a great program . It gets you oriented to be able to find the stars yourself and even if you have a home telescope , once you figure out where these things are in the sky , you can go find them with your own telescope as well , ” says Cruzen .
They say this weekend there are a few things that will point out on this particular Astronomy Night .
“ This weekend 's sky is going to be fantastic because it features a couple of very neat grouping of objects . The first is : Venus and Mars are very close together over in the Western sky . And Venus is putting on a show – it 's very very bright , ” says Cruzen .
“ In addition to that , there 's a group of stars called the winter oval . The Winter Oval are eight of the 20 brightest stars in the entire sky , and they 're all together making a great grouping very near this amazing object called the Orion Nebula – which if you have n't seen the Orion Nebula in a telescope – it 's one of the most beautiful things you can see , ” adds Cruzen .
× Owner Devastated after Dogs Attacked , One Killed in Wilkes-Barre Park
WILKES-BARRE , Pa. — A walk in the park turned into a horrific scene for one dog owner . They say their toy poodle was killed and a boxer was seriously hurt by two unleashed dogs .
DOGS ATTACKED : Jimmy Serafini and their boxer Ziva are missing their best friend… a toy poodle named Chloe . Serafini says they were walking their dogs in Miner Park when two unleashed dogs came charging , hurting Ziva and killing Chloe . How social media is helping their case on @ WNEP pic.twitter.com/cmuYcRW4wx — Carolyn Blackburne ( @ cblackburne ) March 19 , 2018
The owner of the two dogs that were attacked said it was horrifying when two German Shepherds came running right at them . They say their toy poodle was killed in seconds their boxer was seriously hurt .
The Serafini family is still going through a lot after their toy poodle Chloe was attacked and killed by two dogs but it seems social media may have helped them track down the German Shepherds ' owner .
Jim Serafini and their boxer Ziva are missing their best friend , a 6-year-old toy poodle named Chloe . Serafini says they were walking them in Miner Park in Wilkes-Barre on Sunday morning when everything went wrong .
“ All of a sudden , I heard some yelling and I turned around and there were two German Shepherds coming at full speed across the park . It was like being on the plains of Africa , these two were coming after us , ” they recalled .
Serafini says they tried to separate themselves and their dogs from the German Shepherds by getting behind a fence , but the fence had a hole in it and the German Shepherds got underneath .
“ One took the boxer down , the other one grabbed the little one and started a fight . I mean I started kicking them as best I could . ”
By the end of it all , their toy poodle Chloe was killed and their boxer Ziva was seriously hurt .
In Wilkes-Barre parks , dogs have to be leashed but Serafini says these two German Shepherds were running around on their own .
“ You 've got to control your dog , I mean if you do n't control them you lose them , you end up chasing them or they do something like this , scare somebody or in this case attack somebody , ” said Serafini .
After the attack , Serafini called police and their family wrote about it on Facebook saying they saw the German Shepherds come out of the car of a man who had a limp . That man told Serafini they would come and get their dogs , but they took off the post got a huge response and now , the family says the German Shepherds ' owner is cooperating with police .
“ I ca n't get over the amount of people who have called us , sent messages , and to be honest with you , actually picked this guy out . They knew who they are . ”
Late Monday afternoon , the Wilkes-Barre Police Department said this case was turned over to the state dog warden for prosecution .
With cost overruns eliciting pointed questions from the Salt Lake City Council , the future of the Twilight Concert Series remains up in the air .
In the present , though , Twilight is still here , and on Thursday revealed six of the seven headlining acts that will perform this summer for the event 's 30th incarnation .
ewalden @ sltrib.com
Twitter : @ esotericwalden
Councilman Derek Kawakamai will be running for Kauai County mayor , they announced on Thursday .
“ I am running for mayor because I want to make an even greater difference in the lives of our families , from keiki to kupuna , ” Kawakami said , in a statement .
If elected , they said their top priorities will be affordable housing , traffic and creating more resources for businesses .
Kawakami has served on the Kauai County Council from 2008 to 2011 before leaving for state House of Representatives . They returned to the council last year .
In addition to their government roles , they also worked for their family 's businesses , including Big Save , Menehune Food Mart and several others .
Current Mayor Bernard Carvalho is seriously considering a run for governor .
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now . All rights reserved .
RIO GRANDE — Students from the University of the Rio Grande and Rio Grande Community College Emerson E. Evans School of Business , recently traveled to New York City to visit Wall Street .
Roger Watson , assistant professor of business , said they feel it is important for students to get a glimpse of daily life in a center for international business .
“ This is such a great educational and travel experience for the students . Visiting Wall Street and New York is such an amazing experience for anyone in business . They get to learn more about finance and its history from professionals in the field who work in this center for international business , ” Watson said . “ This is the fourteenth time I 've taken students to Wall Street , so I 'm very glad the school of business continues to sponsor this effort , and we have the support of our administration because trips like this are so important to providing our students with a quality education . ”
All seven students who went on the trip are seniors in Watson 's capstone strategic management course . They said this educational experience doubles as a reward for the students ' hard work in both the course and the school of business .
“ The students not only had this invaluable educational experience , but the chance to do some great sightseeing as well . These are students who have worked hard and are close to graduation , so this is a great reward for them , ” Watson said . “ New York is made from workers who came from everyday America , so it 's important to give them the opportunity to talk to these business professionals and learn how they got where they are . It 's an excellent memory to take with them as they graduate . ”
The group spent two days touring Wall Street and the city . Andrea Edelmann , a business management major , said they enjoyed getting to experience day-to-day life on Wall Street .
“ This was a very educational experience for me . Working on Wall Street takes a lot of dedication , so it was great to meet people who work there and learn even more about working in finance and business from them , ” Edelmann said . “ I 'm really thankful to Rio for getting to go on this trip . ”
Cherokee Ruby , an accounting major , said they plan to take what they learned on the trip into their career .
“ Finance is where I want my career to be , so it was great to see where it all began and tour the Wall Street Museum to see the history of the field , ” Ruby said . “ This is something I will remember for all of my career . ”
Seniors from Assistant Professor Roger Watson 's strategic management course at the University of the Rio Grande and Rio Grande Community College Emerson E. Evans School of Business , traveled to New York City to visit Wall Street . http : //mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_nyctrip12017417161439980.jpg Seniors from Assistant Professor Roger Watson 's strategic management course at the University of the Rio Grande and Rio Grande Community College Emerson E. Evans School of Business , traveled to New York City to visit Wall Street .
By Jessica Patterson Special to OVP
Jessica Patterson is a communications specialist with URG .
Jessica Patterson is a communications specialist with URG .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Medicaid , a 1960s Great Society pillar long reviled by conservatives , seems to have emerged even stronger after the Republican failure to pass health overhaul legislation .
The federal-state health insurance program for low-income Americans has n't achieved the status of Social Security and Medicare , considered practically untouchable by politicians , like an electrified “ third rail. ” But it has grown to cover about 1 in 5 U.S. residents , ranging from newborns to Alzheimer 's patients in nursing homes , and even young adults trying to shake addiction . Middle-class working people are now more likely to personally know someone who 's covered .
Increased participation — and acceptance — means any new GOP attempt to address problems with the Affordable Care Act would be unlikely to achieve deep Medicaid cuts .
“ This was an important moment to show that people do understand and appreciate what Medicaid does , ” said Matt Salo , executive director of the National Association of Medicaid Directors , a nonpartisan group that represents state officials . “ The more people understand what Medicaid is and what it does for them , the less interested they are in seeing it undermined . ”
With Republicans in control of the White House , both chambers of Congress , and 34 out of 50 governorships , it would have been hard to imagine a more politically advantageous alignment for a conservative overhaul of Medicaid .
President Barack Obama 's Affordable Care Act expanded Medicaid to cover more low-income adults , many of them working jobs without health insurance . Thirty-one states have accepted the ACA 's expansion , covering about 11 million people .
The GOP bills would have phased out funding for the Obama expansion , but they also placed a limit on future federal spending for the entire program — a step now seen as overreach .
The per-beneficiary spending caps in the House and Senate bills translated to deep cuts that divided Republicans .
Also , GOP governors who had expanded the program could n't swallow the idea of denying coverage to hundreds of thousands of constituents . Some Republican governors went public with their opposition , while others quietly warned their congressional delegations about dire consequences .
“ I think there is a recognition among many that Medicaid is not just a welfare program but an underpinning of our social system , ” said Diane Rowland of the Kaiser Family Foundation .
An AP-NORC poll taken last month found the public overwhelmingly opposed to GOP Medicaid cuts , by 62-22 .
“ You just ca n't do this to people who are in situations that they did n't put themselves in , ” said Sara Hayden of Half Moon Bay , California . Unable to work as a data journalist due to complications of rheumatoid arthritis , they were able to get health insurance when their state expanded Medicaid .
Hayden estimates that one of the medications they take for the disease would cost about $ 16,000 a month if they were uninsured . They pay nothing with Medi-Cal , as the Medicaid program is known in California .
“ If they are going to repeal and replace , then I am dead in the water , ” they said .
Brian Kline of Quakertown , Pennsylvania , works as a customer service representative , and got coverage after their state expanded Medicaid in 2015 . Early last year they were diagnosed with colon cancer following a colonoscopy . After treatment that Medicaid paid for , their last CT scan was clear .
“ You just wonder if the Republican bill had passed…what would have happened to me ? ” said Kline . “ Would I have had access to my doctors and the tests to make sure my cancer did n't come back ? I 'm not sure what the answer to that question would have been . ”
Many Republicans view Obama 's Medicaid expansion as promoting wasteful spending , because the federal government pays no less than 90 percent of the cost of care , a higher matching rate than Washington provides for the rest of the program .
“ That is not a good recipe for encouraging states to implement better , lower-cost models of care , ” said Mark McClellan , who oversaw Medicare and Medicaid under former President George W. Bush .
Nonetheless , the debate showed Congress ca n't just elbow its way to a Medicaid overhaul .
‘ You are going to have to be gentle and thoughtful , working in a bipartisan way to see what ideas will reach across the aisle , ” said Republican economist Gail Wilensky , also a former Medicare and Medicaid administrator .
The push for Medicaid changes will now shift to the states . Some on the political right are seeking federal approval for work requirements and drug testing . But activists in the 19 states that have not yet expanded their programs are contemplating revived campaigns .
An area that could find bipartisan support is health promotion , since Medicaid beneficiaries tend to have higher rates of smoking and other harmful lifestyle factors .
Katherine Hempstead , who directs health insurance research for the nonpartisan Robert Wood Johnson Foundation says Medicaid has come out a “ winner ” in the debate .
“ Medicaid has shown itself to be very much appreciated by a broader constituency than we might have originally thought , ” they said . “ And that is an important takeaway . ”
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
A video of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un crying was reportedly shown to high-ranking officials of the Workers Party of Korea , according to a defector who spoke with Japanese national newspaper Asahi Shimbun .
Kim was reportedly crying over being unable to improve their country 's economy , according to the defector .
The video is said to have surfaced in April and was possibly an official message from Kim to the Workers Party — the country 's ruling party .
North Korea had already been negotiating a possible meeting with the United States by the time the video surfaced . In April , Kim was making the rounds abroad , putting denuclearization on the negotiating table with Beijing , Seoul and Washington .
According to the defector , the video may have been meant to persuade the country 's officials to accept the results of the US-North Korean summit , originally set for June 12 in Singapore . Whether the summit will actually occur is now again in doubt after renewed squabbling and rhetorical sniping by both sides — though as of this writing , meeting plans were once again tentatively in motion .
— Vũ Nam Phương ( @ vunamphuong ) May 30 , 2018
© AP Photo / Ahn Young-joon US Erratic Policy Towards North Korea May Doom Denuclearization - Analysts
Washington announced that it would pull out of the summit after receiving intelligence about North Korean officials making insulting remarks about their US counterparts . The US also alleged that North Korea had suddenly cut off communication : both sides were meant to be making plans for the summit . However , after a surprise follow-up meeting between Kim and their South Korean counterpart Moon Jae In on Saturday , US President Donald Trump again expressed their willingness to keep the date .
The defector told Asahi Shimbun that they learned of the video of an emotional Kim from a contact who is still in the country .
North Korean defector testimonies are notoriously unreliable , according to Song Jiyoung , who has been interviewing North Koreans as a human rights researcher since 1999 . That 's because cash payments for stories have been `` standard practice in the field for years , '' Song wrote in The Guardian in 2015 .
A South Korean government official from the Ministry of Unification said that payments can vary from $ 50 to $ 500 per hour , depending on the `` quality '' of the information being shared , according to the Guardian .
— RT America ( @ RT_America ) October 21 , 2017
According to Song , the practice `` drives the demand for ‘ saleable stories : ' the more exclusive , shocking or emotional , the higher the fee . ''
In 2017 , the South Korean government quadrupled its award for defectors with `` secret or sensitive information , '' bringing that payment to $ 860,000 , according to a documentary by RT America journalist Anya Parampil .
Many testimonies from North Korean defectors have fallen apart . Song cites the case of several whose tall tales helped shape international policy in the United States and the bestselling book `` Escape from Camp 14 . '' Most claims go unverified , however , as getting into the country to fact-check is incredibly difficult .
WWE legend Ric Flair was admitted into intensive care over the weekend , multiple outlets reported .
A representative for Flair , 68 , tweeted out a plea for `` prayers & positive energy '' for the two-time WWE Hall of Famer .
Are u a Fan/Friend of Ric Flair ? If so , we need prayers & positive energy 4 our Living Legend as they are dealing w/some tough medical issues🙏🏻 — MelindaMorrisZanoni ( @ LegacyTalentCEO ) August 14 , 2017
Flair went to the hospital for heart-related issues on Saturday , Pro Wrestling Sheet reported . Flair 's representative tweeted that it was routine and that there was no reason to panic .
From Prosecco bars to Pizzerias there is plenty to choose from when it comes to food at the Cheltenham Literature Festival .
If you 're looking for something to munch on in Montpellier Gardens we 've got you covered with 11 of the best stalls to look out for .
Butcher 's Sausage
Delicious hot dogs with fried onions and it 's just outside the Times Forum so perfect for some brain fuel before watching the likes of Bear Grylls or Mary Berry take to the stage .
Crazy Crepes
A whole host of sweet and savoury crepes are on offer , including cheese and mushroom , dark chocolate and nut and smoked salmon with spinach and feta cheese .
Piri Piri Chicken
Delicious piri-piri chicken , Mexican nachos and halloumi wraps - what 's not to like ?
Gourmet Hog Roast
Pig out on a delicious hog roast roll with all the trimmings .
Ice Cream
It may not be ice cream weather but there is also yummy gelato and a range of Italian coffees .
Gourmet Burger
The street food staple - it 's an unwritten rule that you ca n't go to a festival without having the least one burger .
Coffee Doughnuts
A marriage made in heaven and this will definitely warm you up if it gets a bit chilly in Montpellier .
Prosecco Pimms Bar
For those of you that ca n't go a weekend without Prosecco , the lit fest has got you covered .
Pizzeria
Grab a slice of the action at Pizzeria , located near the main entrance , offering stone-baked pizzas including margherita , pepperoni and jalapeno and red onion with mixed pepper .
Chicken Shack
Fans of Levi Root 's Reggae-Reggae range should definitely head to their new stall Chicken Shack which offers a range of wings , burgers and wedges with a dollop of delicious sauce .
The Garden Cafe
Do n't forget to pop into The Garden Cafe located on site for a cuppa !
WARREN , Mich. ( AP ) - Police who found a badly decomposed body in bed in a Detroit-area home believe a 62-year-old woman may have shared the home with their dead roommate for months .
Police in Warren found the body of 68-year-old George Curtis on Monday . An autopsy will be performed .
WJBK-TV and The Macomb Daily of Mount Clemens report Tuesday that relatives contacted police after hearing nothing from Curtis for months .
The woman has been hospitalized for a psychiatric evaluation .
Police Commissioner Bill Dwyer tells the newspaper `` it 's just bizarre ( that ) they stayed in the home like that and did n't report anything . ''
Police say Curtis may have been dead for months .
Dwyer says the house may have to be condemned and demolished due to the condition inside and the odor .
Margot 's Robbie gets in on the quokka selfie action .
Margot 's Robbie gets in on the quokka selfie action . Picture : Instagram .
ROGER Federer 's reign as king of the quokka selfie is over .
Long live the queen , Queenslander Margot Robbie .
The Swiss tennis maestro raised the profile of Rottnest Island in December when they shared a quokka selfie in the lead-up to the Hopman Cup .
The selfie went viral and the State Government claimed it had reached 581 million people worldwide .
As of yesterday , it had 541,000 likes on Instagram .
Margot Robbie during their brief stay in WA . Picture : instagram/lukeyskywalker
Enter Australian Oscar nominee , 27-year-old Robbie .
Not only did the , Tonya actor surpass Federer 's record 541,000 likes , they did in little more than an hour .
If it were a tennis match , it would have been a straight-sets drubbing . The photo was posted about 2.30pm and had 850,000 likes by 6pm .
Unlike Federer 's trip to the island , the State Government did not make travel plans for the Oscar nominee .
Tennis great Roger Federer and friend .
It is understood they were in WA with their mother to visit husband Tom Ackerley , a film director working in WA . They had breakfast in Cottesloe and lunch at Leeuwin Estate before visiting Rottnest on Sunday . They flew out yesterday after sharing the selfie .
Tourism Minister Paul Papalia said the idea had been floated with Robbie and they were delighted when they saw the post . They said the State Government had made a failed attempt to get Ed Sheeran to Rotto for a quokka selfie .
“ We hope it becomes the thing you do as a celebrity visiting WA , ” Mr Papalia said .
“ It 's unique . There 's only one place in the world where you can get a quokka selfie . ”
GLOBAL PET FOOD INGREDIENTS MARKET was valued at USD 31.11 Billion in the year 2017 . The humanization of the pet food has increased usage of fruits & vegetables in form of blended premixes . Further addition of natural colors along with nutraceuticals health ingredients has also bought process & equipment challenges for the manufacturers .
Get Free Access to Sample Report @ https : //genesismarketinsights.com/Sample_Request/GENRE109
Global Pet Food Ingredients Market is estimated to grow at a CAGR of 3.10 % from 2018 to 2023 . North America region holds the highest market share in 2017 . Whereas Asia Pacific region is considered as the fastest growing market in the predicted period . The U.S. is the major market in 2017 at country level and it is further anticipated to grow at a steady pace in the next 5 years .
Mars Inc. ( U.S ) , Colgate-Palmolive Co. ( U.S ) , Uni-Charm Corp. ( Japan ) , Nestle SA ( Switzerland ) , Total Alimentos SA ( Brazil ) and Procter & Gamble Co ( U.S ) are some of the key players in the Global Pet Food Market . Acquisitions , collaboration , and development of the innovative product are the main business strategy of the top players to gain market share .
Drivers
Surging pet population & rising cases of pet adoption
Rising pet 's health and safety concern such as nutritional requirement , & energy production
Restraints
Difficult to stabilize the pet foods naturally without using any synthetic chemicals ( e.g . sorbic acid ) .
Delivery of Probiotics is a pending issue for pet foods . The lactic acid bacteria quickly die off on the outside of dry pet food , because of its high water activity .
Opportunity
New protein sources for pet foods such as algae meal , insect meal as well fish proteins from the human food industry pose a strong opportunity .
Usage of vegetable proteins have helped in meeting pet food nutritional demand
Challenges
Government regulations such as the introduction of the Food Modernization Safety Act Threats from substitute products
The global pet food industry is segmented based on pet type , food type , and geography . The dog segment holds the highest market share among all other types in pet type segment , in 2017 and is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the year 2018-2023 . The reason being the adoption of dogs is comparatively higher than other pets globally .
On the other hand , pet food market by product is further segmented into dry food , Wet/Canned food , Snacks/Treats , Nutritious Food , and Others .
Key Benefits for Stakeholders
Pet food Manufacturers , Distributors , and Retailers
Natural food ingredient manufacturers
Food Processing and Packaging companies
Research and Consulting organization
Technology Standards Organizations , Forums , Alliances and Associations
End-use industries
Regulatory bodies
By Application
Dog
Cat
Others
By-Products
Dry food
Wet/Canned food
Snacks/Treats
Nutritious Food
Others
By Region
North America
Europe
Asia-Pacific
RoW
Key Market Players
1 . Mars Inc. ( U.S )
2 . Colgate-Palmolive Co. ( U.S )
3 . Uni-Charm Corp. ( Japan )
4 . Nestle SA ( Switzerland )
5 . Total Alimentos SA ( Brazil )
6 . Procter & Gamble Co ( U.S )
7 . Wellpet LLC ( U.S )
8 . Blue Buffalo Co. , Ltd ( U.S )
9 . Big Heart Pet Brands ( U.S )
10 . Diamond Pet Food Inc. ( U.S )
Read Report Overview with Full TOC @ https : //genesismarketinsights.com/viewreport/110/27/Pet-Food-Market
Penn basketball will have high expectations for next season
Penn basketball will have high expectations for next season Mar 16
Temple has no uncertainty at quarterback this spring
Temple has no uncertainty at quarterback this spring Mar 17
Marc Narducci has been covering sports for the Inquirer and Daily News since 1983 . They have covered everything from South Jersey high schools to all the professional teams . Currently their main beat is Temple football and basketball . They also help out on the pro beats and writes a weekly South Jersey high school column .
NFL personnel time the Owls ' Sean Chandler , at left , as they run the 40-yard dash as the Temple Owls hosts their annual NFL Pro Day in Philadelphia , PA on March 19 , 2018 .
Defensive back Sean Chandler says they got what they wanted out of Temple 's pro day , which was a lower time in the 40-yard dash .
Yet Chandler says that measurables such as 40-yard times do n't begin to tell what type of player they are .
“ I am a defensive back and I am expected to run fast , ” they said afterward . “ I am a football player . Get me into camp and I will ball out . ”
Chandler was among 15 seniors who participated in pro day at Temple 's indoor facility on Monday . An estimated 40 NFL scouts representing 30 teams were in attendance , according to a team official .
A four-year starter from Camden , Chandler was the only Temple player to be invited to the NFL Scouting Combine . They ran 4.65 seconds in the 40 last month in Indianapolis , which is n't considered blazing .
Chandler said the combine was a great experience .
“ There were a bunch of great guys who welcomed me and it was a good time , ” they said . “ It really was n't stressful . ”
That 's because they have been preparing for this their entire life .
Monday was just another step on their way to the NFL .
Times were n't posted during Monday 's pro day , but Chandler said they ran better .
Before departing for the day , they said one team told them it clocked them at 4.56 seconds and another had them at 4.58 .
Sean Chandler running the 40 at @ Temple_FB Pro Day pic.twitter.com/QikUTDSfT7 — Marc Narducci ( @ sjnard ) March 19 , 2018
The 6-foot , 190-pound Chandler is an intriguing prospect due to their versatility .
After spending their first two seasons as a starting cornerback , Chandler started at safety their final two seasons .
They said NFL teams have talked to them more about playing safety .
As a senior , Chandler started all 13 games and contributed 79 tackles , three interceptions and four pass breakups . They helped lead Temple to a 7-6 record and a 28-3 win over Florida International in the Bad Boy Mowers Gasparilla Bowl .
Temple DB Sean Chandler was asked where they think they will be selected in the NFL Draft pic.twitter.com/6vVy9t4Hu0 — Marc Narducci ( @ sjnard ) March 19 , 2018
They returned only two punts ( for 9 yards ) as a senior but is considered a potential punt returner at the next level .
As a sophomore , they averaged 12.1 yards on 17 punt returns .
Chandler is realistic about where they will get drafted , saying they will probably be a late-round selection . But all they want is a chance and they are confident they will make the most of the opportunity .
Notes : Defensive lineman Jullian Taylor , who missed most of the 2015 and 2016 seasons with knee injuries , could be one of the risers in the draft . Taylor says they are healthy and that they ran a 4.8-second 40 , while weighing in at 293 pounds . … They said they have official visits with Arizona and Oakland and from the feedback they have been receiving , expects to be selected from the third to fifth round . … Taylor had the most reps of bench-pressing 225 pounds ( 29 ) while right tackle Cole Boozer had 26 . … Boozer says they have been invited to local pro days by the Baltimore Ravens on April 3 and New York Giants on April 6 . … Cornerback Artrel Foster will attend the Giants ' pro day . … Fullback Nick Sharga spent time on Monday showcasing their long-snapping skills . … After Monday 's session , receivers Keith Kirkwood and Adonis Jennings were scheduled to sit with a member of the Detroit Lions and watch film . … Besides those mentioned , the other Temple players who participated were offensive linemen Brian Carter , Leon Johnson and Adrian Sullivan , defensive ends Sharif Finch and Jacob Martin , long snappers Josh Lang and Corey Lerch , and cornerback Mike Jones .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Among ancient shrines Donald Blakeslee has found , several limestone boulders in Tami and Greg Norwood 's backyard stand out .
Sculptors from the Wichita Nation carved the images hundreds of years ago . There are small holes with basins just below them , and from the basins , curved miniature channels , some shaped like stairsteps moving down the sloping face of the stone .
Nobody made much of this rock art , not even previous archaeologists who 'd looked at it .
But two years ago , Blakeslee , an anthropologist , stood under the shade of the Norwood 's trees , and felt a little flash of recognition .
“ It has to do with souls . ”
So they picked up their water bottle , and poured .
The water pooled , in basins under the holes . The water filled the little basins , then trickled down the carved channels , which curved around and then came together , or spread out .
He 'd discovered an interactive sacred shrine , still functional after four centuries .
“ It is in their religion that everything is in three layers — the sky , this world , and the underground — and that water moves between these worlds , ” they said .
The shrine was rooted deeply in religious beliefs of the Wichita Nation . Moving water was sacred . Believers also thought they could look into a pool on a moonlit night and talk with spirits and souls in reflections they saw .
Blakeslee keeps finding more images , and thinks it 'll be possible to record more about the lost mythology of the Wichita .
Many stones beside springs were sacred . A few feet from the water shrine sits another boulder , with dozens of small , smooth depressions carved into stone . Women hundreds of years ago carved the little holes , filled them with water , then drank that water while saying a prayer for successful pregnancies .
Springs and water pools , especially those coming out of caves , were sacred portals , they said . And that 's where the Norwood 's boulders come in .
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 7:13 I-85 Roadway Collapse - Press Conference 3-31-17 Pause 3:26 United passenger attorney : Airlines have bullied us , and Dao is 'the guy to stand up for passengers ' 3:20 Doolittle Raiders take to the sky 60 years after historic battle 1:32 Frank Martin reveals how they knew Dozier , Silva were primed for breakout year 2:15 Transfer Kory Holden watching , learning as they sit out 6:28 ' A big relief ' : Chad Holbrook reacts after win over Mississippi State 1:11 Questions about mass murder at Kirkland Correctional Center 1:15 Eggstravaganza 1:03 How Rep. Jim Merrill got wrapped up in the S.C . Corruption Probe 2:36 Why not USC ? Preview , final thoughts on USC-Duke NCAA showdown Share Video Video link : Select Embed code : Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Wichita State professor explores ancient Native American city Wichita State anthropologist Donald Blakeslee talks about the Wichita Indian settlement of Etzanoa , which was discovered near present-day Arkansas City by Spanish explorers in 1602 . It is estimated the settlement was home to 20,000 Plains Indians . theying @ wichitaeagle.com
The pastures of Rice County and the bluffs and ravines around Arkansas City and Etzanoa are nourished by burbling springs that likely became drinking supplies and sacred shrines .
This has fascinated Gary McAdams , who has held leadership positions with the Wichita and Affiliated Tribes , headquartered in Anadarko , Okla .
Among the ancient Wichita , they said , “ Water is transformational — you go into a stream or a spring , and come out transformed . When babies are born , they baptized them with water . They would pray to the spirit in the water , or in the moon .
“ And when they were about to do something important , a battle or some other big undertaking , they would go to a nearby stream and bathe , a preparatory thing they would do with prayers .
“ They would do that also when someone passes away , the family would make sure to bathe , to get rid of a bad feeling — a cleansing action , to bathe , and do it with prayers .
“ Things have changed now . ”
[ India ] , July 4 ( ANI ) : After receiving negative feedback from its customers , especially Hindus , Emirates Airlines on Wednesday stated that it will not remove 'Hindu meal ' from its in-flight menu .
`` Based on feedback from customers , Emirates confirms we 'll continue to provide Hindu meal option , to make it easier for our Hindu customers to identify and request this option , '' read a statement .
Earlier in the day , the Dubai-based airline had announced that the decision to withdraw the above-mentioned option from its in-flight menu was taken following a review of the onboard products and services .
`` As part of our continuous review of the products and services available to customers , Emirates can confirm that it will discontinue the Hindu meal option . We constantly review our offering , taking into consideration customer uptake and feedback . This helps us improve service efficiencies , '' a statement from Emirates Airlines read . However , the airline said that Hindu passengers would still be able to choose from a variety of both vegetarian and non-vegetarian regionally-inspired meals . ( ANI )
CAIRO ( Sputnik ) — Libyan Army Commander Khalifa Haftar and head of the country 's Government of National Accord Fayez Sarraj participated in two-days negotiations brokered by Egypt .
The spokesperson said that following the negotiations , both Haftar and Sarraj agreed to adopt a statement , including the plans to hold elections in 2018 among other provisions .
Speech to Text for The gas buddy app
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video . Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate .
`` gas buddy '' ... it 's completely free to download . it helps drivers find the cheapest gas near them . live in terre haute , abby kirk , news 10. north vermillion has hired a new basketball
DETROIT ( AP ) — Aaron Rodgers threw three of their four touchdown passes in the second half , lifting the Green Bay Packers to an NFC North-winning 31-24 victory over the Detroit Lions on Sunday night .
Detroit 's Matthew Stafford connected with Anquan Boldin for a 35-yard touchdown pass with 13 seconds left , but the Packers recovered the onside kick and Rodgers had only to kneel once to seal the victory .
The Packers ( 10-6 ) closed the regular season with six straight wins , running the table as Rodgers said they could after losing four straight games midway through the season , to win the division for the fifth time in six years . Like their team , Rodgers has been perfect during the streak with 15 TD passes and no interceptions . They will lead fourth-seeded Green Bay at home Sunday against the fifth-seeded New York Giants in an NFC wild-card game .
Detroit ( 9-7 ) dropped its last three games after it had a two-game lead in the NFC North , spoiling its shot at winning a division title for the first time since 1993 .
The Lions , though , will be in the playoffs for the second time in three years with coach Jim Caldwell because the Giants beat the Washington Redskins earlier in the day . The sixth-seeded Lions will play at third-seeded Seattle on Saturday night in a wild-card game .
Rodgers , who was 27 of 39 for 300 yards , threw a go-ahead , 3-yard TD pass to Davante Adams with 9:23 left in the third quarter . Rodgers connected with Geronimo Allison and Adams in the end zone in the fourth quarter to give Green Bay a 14-point lead in a game it trailed 14-7 at halftime .
Stafford put Detroit ahead by a touchdown with a 3-yard pass to Golden Tate with 23 seconds left in the second quarter after Zach Zenner tied it with a 1-yard run .
Stafford was 26 of 41 for 347 yards with two TDs and an interception . They made some fantastic passes and some they sailed over wide-open receivers .
RODGERS RUNS : Rodgers ran for 42 yards , their third-highest total of the season , on 10 carries . By design , they converted a third-and-1 from the Green Bay 34 with a 13-yard run a bootleg . Rodgers also used their feet to escape sacks and to give their receivers time to get open .
MISSED OPPORTUNITIES : Stafford failed to connect with Tate when they were all by themselves midway through the first quarter , wasting a chance to make a big play to possibly score on Detroit 's second drive . Early in the scoreless second period , Matt Prater missed a 39-yard field goal . Green Bay linebacker Clay Matthews also missed an opportunity , dropping one of Stafford 's passes that they could 've possibly returned for a score .
MATTHEW 'S MILESTONE : Stafford surpassed 30,000 yards passing for their career , becoming the fastest quarterback to reach the mark . They did it in their 109th game Sunday night against Green Bay . The previous record was held by Dan Marino and Kurt Warner , who did it in 114 games . With a chance to lead the Lions to a signature win , however , Stafford came up short to add to their legacy that they beat bad teams and loses against winning teams .
INJURIES
Packers : Two cornerbacks — Quinten Rollins ( neck ) and Makinton Dorleant ( knee ) — were carted off the field minutes apart late in the third quarter and another cornerback — Damarious Randall ( knee ) — left the game with an injury in the second half . Rollins , who was conscious and able to move , was taken to a hospital . Receiver Randall Cobb ( ankle ) , running back James Starks ( concussion ) and center JC Tretter ( knee ) were inactive with injuries .
Lions : Receiver Marin Jones was evaluated late in the game for a concussion , but returned to play . Cornerback Darius Slay returned from a one-game absence with a hamstring injury . Right tackle Riley Reiff was out with a hip injury and was missed , especially when Nick Perry got past their replacement , Corey Robinson , for a possession-ending sack in the third quarter . Robinson left the game with an apparent injury in the second half and
UP NEXT
Packers : Green Bay will play the Giants at Lambeau Field , where it beat them 23-16 in Week 5 .
Lions : Detroit , which has won only one playoff game since winning the 1957 NFL title , will face long odds to advance on the road against the Seahawks .
___
For more NFL coverage : www.pro32.ap.org and http : //twitter.com/AP_NFL
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform . Need help ? Email us
comments
By The Associated Press
Sunday , Dec. 10 EAST
Binghamton 67 , NJIT 36
Brown 83 , Colgate 73
Delaware 84 , Delaware St. 49
Hartford 59 , Bryant 47
LIU Brooklyn 72 , Lehigh 69
Rutgers 101 , Fairleigh Dickinson 35
Seton Hall 73 , Boston College 53
UMass 81 , St. Peter 's 65
Villanova 69 , Temple 65
Wagner 60 , Longwood 43
West Virginia 101 , Coppin St. 43
SOUTH
Alabama 73 , Grambling St. 49
Bethune-Cookman 61 , Palm Beach Atlantic 48
Duke 101 , Winthrop 30
Florida 74 , Marshall 69
Florida Gulf Coast 99 , Ave Maria 35
Florida St. 77 , Arizona St. 66
Georgia St. 91 , North Greenville 89
Georgia Tech 80 , Texas-Arlington 52
IUPUI 68 , Tennessee Tech 54
Jacksonville 79 , Flagler 52
LSU 73 , Tulane 50
Mercer 67 , UNC-Asheville 56
Miami 65 , Kentucky 54
Mississippi St. 86 , UALR 48
NC State 63 , Georgetown 49
North Carolina 84 , Furman 56
North Florida 77 , Florida A & M 68
Radford 79 , VCU 62
Tennessee 82 , Texas 75
UCF 62 , Georgia Southern 38
Virginia Tech 64 , Chattanooga 44
MIDWEST
Ball St. 126 , Oakland City 55
Creighton 72 , Nebraska-Omaha 51
Green Bay 76 , Loyola of Chicago 39
Illinois 73 , Detroit 65
Illinois St. 65 , E. Michigan 56
Iowa St. 99 , NC Central 58
Kansas 51 , SE Missouri 50
Marquette 83 , Army 53
Michigan 54 , Kent St. 41
Milwaukee 60 , Fort Wayne 48
Missouri 78 , SIU-Edwardsville 48
Missouri St. 76 , Oral Roberts 66
Morehead St. 82 , Evansville 75
N. Iowa 92 , Wisconsin Parkside 62
Northwestern 68 , Stony Brook 36
Oakland 104 , UM Dearborn 44
Ohio 77 , Purdue 71
Valparaiso 71 , Chicago St. 60
W. Kentucky 75 , S. Illinois 49
Wisconsin 82 , Savannah St. 24
Xavier 53 , Cincinnati 50
SOUTHWEST
Arkansas 67 , Tulsa 41
Houston 88 , ETSU 69
Houston Baptist 76 , Huston-Tillotson 72
TCU 112 , SE Louisiana 62
FAR WEST
Boise St. 73 , Portland 47
California 92 , Pacific 85
Colorado St. 55 , N. Colorado 44
Fresno St. 61 , Montana 58
New Mexico 94 , Navy 87
New Mexico St. 76 , UTEP 68
Oregon St. 110 , San Jose St. 62
San Diego 72 , Minnesota 69
San Diego St. 92 , Hope International 68
Santa Clara 104 , Menlo 61
Washington 79 , Grand Canyon 65
___
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
The leader of an anti-nuclear group called U.S. President Donald Trump a “ moron ” just days before they stepped forward to accept the 2017 Nobel Peace Prize .
The executive director of the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons ( ICAN ) , Beatrice Fihn , made their opinion public on Twitter .
advertisement
Donald Trump is a moron . — Beatrice Fihn ( @ BeaFihn ) October 4 , 2017
Immediately after accepting their prize in Oslo on Friday , Fihn tried to distance themselves from their own words when they told a news conference that they were trying to make a joke , “ which I kind of regret now. ” Them attempt at humor was reportedly based on a story – since disproven – that U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson had said the same of Trump .
Authorities say a 7-year-old girl and 23-year-old man were both shot in North Philadelphia Tuesday .
COLUMBUS , Ga. – City leaders are hoping to create change from the ground up in one Columbus community . City leaders and folks on the South side of Columbus cheered on the demolition of a former sports bar and nightclub Tuesday .
Club Majestic once stood as a local landmark at the intersection of Brown Ave. and Cusseta Rd . Columbus Mayor Teresa Tomlinson called the area a central part of the community . But history made way way for high crime rates over the years . News 3 spoke with other city leaders and other folks who live near the old club . They say it was time to tear down a piece of history in order to build up a new legacy in South Columbus .
“ When they put this club up here , that 's when all the chaos started happening , ” longtime Columbus resident Leroy Jenkins said .
Jenkins and others say since Club Majestic moved into the building , it 's been a pillar of plight in the community .
“ This was the heart of the crime in this community , ” Rev . Willie Phillips said . “ You had shootings , robberies , killings , and yes I live in the back of this place . Since they closed it down , it 's been great . ”
Mayor Tomlinson called the club a shadow over the community . The city eventually shut down the club in 2013 after the tragic shooting of Charles Foster , Jr. , a CSU student set to graduate before their death .
“ This five points here is the heart of this community , ” the mayor said . “ And this has frankly been impeding that heartbeat . ”
Other city leaders like city manager Isaiah Hugley , state representative Carolyn Hugley , Columbus Police Chief Ricky Boren , school board member Pat Hugley-Green , and city councilor Mimi Woodson all heralded the demolition , which signified change to the community . Some folks in the community also believe it 's a warning shot for other crime-infested areas around town .
“ I wish they could have put something else up before they tore it down , but they did the right thing to tear it down , ” Jenkins said .
Woodson believes the demolition symbolizes justice for the victims of violent crimes that happened over the years at the former Club Majestic .
“ To me I can envision those spirits being free , ” Woodson told News 3 . “ They 're flying out of the building and going to heaven to touch their families ' hearts . ”
Woodson championed the change in their district . They believe the move was not city overreach , rather they called it a response to demand from the community .
“ This is their hope , ” Woodson said . “ This is their faith that they have . This is their belief and their dream come true . ”
They believe businesses and other restaurants may fill the abandoned 2200 blocks of Cusseta Rd . Crews are expected to take about four to six weeks to finish clearing the land . The demolition was paid for through enterprise funding available to the city . The city is now trying to attract bidders who might find the land appealing . Director of Community Reinvestment Laura Johnson says the money made from selling the property will be used on similar city development projects .
Monday 's demolition marks the start of Community Development week in Columbus .
Members of the International Weightlifting Federation ( IWF ) Medical Committee are said to have welcomed the proposed new bodyweight categories which will be submitted to the IWF Executive Board here .
The IWF begun the final phase of determining the 10 new men 's and women 's bodyweight categories early last month , following a two-day meeting of the IWF Bodyweight Categories Working Group in Budapest .
It is hoped they will provide greater athletic opportunities , improve inclusivity and enhance competition .
The Working Group is composed of members of the IWF Sport Programme Commission and two representatives from each of the three elected IWF Committees appointed by their respective chair .
This includes IWF Medical Committee members Mike Irani and Mark Lavallee .
It reviewed the wide-range of proposals which have been submitted by the IWF 's stakeholders and also conducted its own comprehensive research .
The decision to increase the bodyweight portfolio from eight men 's and women 's categories to 10 was taken by the IWF Executive Board in November 2017 .
The Working Group finalised its proposal on the 10 categories in each gender , drawing on a number of different factors and using scientific and statistical evidence .
The seven men 's and women 's medal events for the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games will be drawn from the 10 men 's and women 's bodyweight categories , once they have been agreed .
During a gathering prior to the IWF Executive Board meeting , being held today and tomorrow , the Medical Committee discussed health effects of the bodyweight category changes on athletes and highlighted the risks for athletes gaining or losing weight to comply with the new divisions .
The decision to increase the bodyweight portfolio from eight men 's and women 's categories to 10 was taken by the IWF Executive Board in November 2017 ©Getty Images
General information about the bodyweight categories and the methodology behind the establishment of new world records was also provided during the Joint Committee meeting .
Furthermore , the Coaching and Research Committee , chaired by Mahmoud Mahgoub , discussed the bodyweight categories and reviewed the new qualifying system for Tokyo 2020 .
Kazakhstan , the nation with the worst doping record in weightlifting , angered rival nations last month by appealing to the Court of Arbitration for Sport ( CAS ) over the revised system .
While countries with a clean record can send eight athletes to Tokyo 2020 , Kazakhstan can send a maximum of two - one man and one woman - because its athletes have been caught cheating so often .
No nation in the world has had more positives than Kazakhstan since 2008 , the date which the IWF used as a start point in assessing its members ' doping record for the purposes of awarding quota places for Tokyo 2020 .
Several other countries are restricted to reduced places in Tokyo because they have accrued 20 or more positives in the past 10 years , Russia and Azerbaijan being among them .
No date has been announced for the CAS hearing , at which the IWF is confident it can successfully oppose the appeal of Kazakhstan - one of nine countries currently serving a one-year suspension imposed by the world governing body for multiple offences .
In a statement , the IWF said that the principle aim of its radical new system was `` protecting clean sport '' and pointed out that the qualifying process had been approved by the International Olympic Committee .
Athletes will be tested far more often than in the past , as they must compete at least six times in the 18-month qualifying period that starts on November 1 .
The IWF Executive Board meeting here in Uzbekistan 's capital will be followed by the IWF Congress on Friday ( July 6 ) .
Suggestions to reduce the curse of child labour
Regarding the prevalence of child labour , Pakistan is recorded to be on the third number in the world following India and China , continuing to have an alarmingly high rate of child labour – though the rate has declined across the globe .
The scenarios of worst forms of child labour are evident in Pakistan ; whereby children are subjected to the worst forms of inhuman attitudes at the hands of elite and affluent echelon of the society . The media frequently reports heartrending stories of child domestic workers in all provinces of the country in which children are subjected to callous treatment at hands of their “ masters ” . This indeed indicates the moral decay of our society and the state ; which seem to be responsible for allowing the powerful class to extend brutality towards the poor children , who are unfortunately deemed to be unimportant as they belong to the marginalised and poor working class families .
The provincial and the federal governments are urgently required to respond to the grave issue of child labour in our country . An immediate ban on the child domestic labour is the first thing to be required to be put in place by effective and regular implementation of the Employment of Children Act 1991 . This calls for the inclusion of child domestic labour in the schedule of banned occupations . Forms of child labour – not only in brick kilns – but in mines , fisheries and in other hazardous places , as well as in the houses of government officials , bureaucrats and parliamentarians should also be placed under banned occupations in the Act . The government should also appoint its specific representatives , who can keep a timely check and balance in ensuring that no child workers are employed in banned occupations .
In addition , a stringent framework to implement Article 25-A of the Constitution of Pakistan should be formulated . This highlights access to free and compulsory education for children in Pakistan falling in the age group 5 to 16 . The federal government should notify the provincial governments to allocate adequate financial budget to ensure free and compulsory education for children . An effective education commission should be established to monitor the sound execution for the provision of free and mandatory education for children . It should also identify the anomalies in the implementation of this process , and rectify it wherever required . The effective implementation of this law will discourage children of age 5 to 16 from being employed , and will ensure their enrolment in the schools .
It is also binding on the federal and provincial governments to improve the implementation of the minimum wage laws . At present , the ineffective implementation of the minimum wage laws paves way towards the affliction and poverty of elders in the family , which consequently forces their children in child labour practices . Though Punjab government has specified a minimum wage of Rs 12,000 per month for its unskilled workforce , not all the workers are entitled to this amount . Therefore , there stands a dire need to improve the effective and just disbursement of minimum wages by the Minimum Wage Board to make the working elders of the families financially strong to an extent that their children are not forced into child labour .
Furthermore , steps should be taken to implement other labour laws such as Bonder Labour System Abolition Act 1992 . According to it , families of brick kiln employees are mortgaged by payment of advance money , and are thereby required to make their entire family work for paying the advance money back , which unfortunately they are never able to ! This unfair system , which forces the families to involve their children to work in the brick kilns , should be eliminated . The sound implementation of Bonder Labour System Abolition Act can discourage child labour practices in the brick kilns , and in other hazardous places .
The overall labour inspection machinery should be improved in order to ensure the effective implementation of the labour laws pertinent to child labour , minimum wage , employee old age benefits , and social security . Once all the labour laws are effectively internalised in the system of our society , the curse of child labour will be eliminated automatically . It will also enable the children to be enrolled in the schools , and in related vocational institutions .
The afore-mentioned measures if implemented effectively can help in reducing the curse of child labour from our country , and hence will ensure the economic development in the long-run .
MILFORD , Pa. ( AP ) — A state police trooper who was shot in a 2014 ambush that killed their colleague said Monday the “ coward ” who opened fire left them with debilitating injuries , choking up as they described their long , painful road to recovery .
Trooper Alex Douglass testified in the trial of Eric Frein , who 's charged with opening fire on the Blooming Grove barracks during a late-night shift change . The attack killed Cpl . Bryon Dickson II and critically wounded Douglass .
Frein avoided capture for 48 days before U.S. marshals caught them at an abandoned airplane hangar more than 20 miles ( 32 kilometers ) from the shooting scene . They face charges including murder of a law enforcement officer and terrorism and has pleaded not guilty .
Prosecutors say Frein targeted the troopers at random in an effort to spark a revolution .
Advertisement
Douglass was shot through both hips with a high-powered sniper 's rifle , leaving an exit wound the size of a silver dollar . They have undergone 18 surgeries to repair the damage but said they still have no feeling below one knee and must walk with a brace .
And they are incontinent , describing a severe burning sensation that feels like “ taking a serrated knife and sticking it in your rectum and twisting . ”
That 's when the fitness buff who once ran a 50-mile ultra-marathon broke down , glancing at Frein and asking for a tissue . Frein , who could face a death sentence if convicted , looked back at them with a blank stare .
After limping to the witness stand , Douglass told jurors how they had just gotten to work and was in the parking lot when they heard two loud bangs and a scream . They got off the phone with their girlfriend , drew their gun and began walking toward the front of the barracks , where the mortally wounded Dickson was lying face up on the sidewalk .
Douglass said they grabbed Dickson by the leg and was preparing to drag them into the barracks when “ it felt like I got hit in the back with a baseball bat. ” They opened the barracks door with their right hand , fell into the lobby and began crawling , trying to take themselves out of the sniper 's line of fire .
“ At that point I knew that either some coward or cowards were shooting at us from across the street , ” they said .
A colleague dragged them through an interior door , where troopers began packing their wound while waiting for an ambulance .
“ It was probably the worst pain you could imagine , ” Douglass said . “ It felt like your whole body was on fire . ”
The trooper 's ordeal had just begun .
The bullet severely damaged their intestine and rectum , shattered their hip and thigh bone and left them with other injuries . They said they dropped from a “ solid 180 pounds ” to 135 in the months after the shooting . They had their latest surgery two months ago with “ possibly more to go . ”
Douglass ' testimony was the most anticipated of a trial in which prosecutors have introduced hundreds of pieces of evidence tying Frein to the crime . The prosecution plans to rest its case Tuesday .
Earlier Monday , jurors learned Frein did research on how to escape a manhunt more than a year before the attack .
The anti-government survivalist claimed to police on the night of their arrest that they had planned the sniper attack only a few days earlier , but their internet search history suggests they had been mulling it over for a lot longer . Other searches from May 2013 included “ bug out cache ” and “ tips on placing caches , ” presumably of food and other supplies .
Frein used the internet while they were on the run , too , performing dozens of searches of their own name , both alone and in conjunction with words like gun , evidence and manhunt . They sought out their wanted poster and did research on Dickson , according to the testimony .
And , prosecutors say , they wrote a letter to their parents .
The letter , read to jurors on Monday , was recovered from a computer thumb drive found at the hangar . Addressed to “ Mom and Dad , ” it spoke of revolution and said , “ The time seems right for a spark to ignite a fire in the hearts of men . ”
The author wrote : “ I tried my best to do this thing without getting identified , but if you are reading this then I was not successful . ”
Female ? 40+ ? Miserable about your body ? Frustrated ? Got ta do something about it ?
CLICK TO READ :
Reclaim Fit & Healthy :
Do n't You Deserve It ?
Linda T. Gottlieb
Certified Fitness Pro
30+ Years Experience
www.fittraining.net
What comes to mind when you think of carnivals ? Hot summer days ? Sticky treats ? Stomach-curdling rides ? How about H-2B visas ?
That 's what producer-director Jamie Sisley thinks about , along with the nostalgia .
“ I remember the carnival pretty vividly as a boy , ” Sisley said . “ And it was also really interesting to me to think that the vast majority of these , you know , `` carnies '' are actually , you know , legal Mexican migrant workers who were coming up and working all the fairs around the country . We thought it would be interesting to cover the difficulties of coming in legally , ” Sisley said of their documentary “ Farewell Ferris Wheel , ” which they made with filmmaker Miguel Martinez . It airs Oct. 10 as part of the World Channel 's America ReFramed series .
Like a lot of industries , Sisley said the carnival business is “ significantly smaller ” than it used to be , with two big carnivals on each coast and a lot of smaller mom-and-pop fairs . “ Farewell Ferris Wheel ” looks at how the traveling amusement parks stay alive with the help of H-2B visas and the migrant Mexican workers they provide .
Those visas , issued by the federal government , temporarily allow low-skilled foreign workers to come to the U.S. and work for seasonal businesses , like amusement parks , hotels and souvenir shops . Seasonal businesses depend heavily on H-2B workers , and when the number of visas dropped last year , they scrambled to find staff , leading some businesses to suffer .
Marketplace Weekend host Lizzie O'Leary spoke to Sisley about “ Farewell Ferris Wheel , ” the people behind the H-2B visa process and the workers and who survive on them . An edited transcript of their conversation follows .
Lizzie O'Leary : You and your co-filmmaker followed this group of Mexican migrant workers and focused on the H-2B visa . Can you tell me a little bit about the program and how these guys get their work authorization ?
Jamie Sisley : [ Employers ] have to start with a demonstrated need . And that 's pretty laborious . I mean , you have to publish newspaper articles , physical newspaper articles still , you have to prove that nobody was able to sort of take those positions . And then once there 's that demonstrated need on the workers side , you have to actually get a visa , and then those visas are pretty difficult to get because they 're very competitive . Every year , the cap for the visas fluctuates . It 's 66,000 typically . There 's a lot to it .
Lizzie O'Leary : One of the most fascinating parts of this film is that it focuses on one guy who is kind of the link between workers and the carnivals who need labor . This guy Jim Judkins . I want to play a clip from them and talk about them a little bit . Let 's play it .
Jim Judkins : I 'm the person that processes 81 percent of all the H-2B visas for the outdoor entertainment industry in the country . I did n't realize that I handle such a large percentage .
O'Leary : 81 percent is a staggering amount . How many people does that mean ? You know , who Jim is bringing into this country to do this work ?
Sisley : Well again , it fluctuates , but typically in the carnival industry it 's anywhere between three to five thousand people a year that come up on these visas , and that sort of percentage we found was sort of typical for a lot of these industries . Generally , it 's really organic . It starts , you know , a recruiter will maybe they 'll work for a carnival or a circus or another industry , and they 'll find somebody that they they 're close to , they come up for the visa , and then their brother or their uncle or their sister , you know , is used as a referral , and it just sort of trickles down from there . And that 's what happened in Jim 's case . Jim used to work at a circus for many , many years , and a lot of the people they worked with there just ended up referring their friends and people in the community , and they all came from the same town , Tlapacoyan .
O'Leary : There 's a really interesting moment toward the end of this film where there 's like a banquet and celebration for these workers , and someone refers to them as the Jim Judkins workforce family . And it 's kind of a weird moment , because it gets at this duality of , you know , they are facilitating their entry into the U.S . But is they a fair broker ? Who do they work for , et cetera ? There is a quote from one of the workers who say , “ You know , we do n't necessarily like him , but we need him. ” What is their business , and how do people like Jim Judkins for the carnival industry or other industries , like , how do they function ?
Sisley : Well , I think it starts in terms of Jim , it starts with a really , really deep love of the circus and carnival . Jim does n't have , you know , a wife and kids . The carnival is their life . And I think that if you hear it from their point of view , he 's sort of taken it upon themselves to sort of help save the carnival industry , because , you know , in their eyes and a lot of the employers ' eyes , if it was n't for these workers , the carnival just would n't be able to sort of subsist . On the other hand , people look at the H-2B as a way to sort of artificially keep costs down . And they look at people like Jim and other recruiters , as , you know , someone who is a sort of helps promulgates that . And so it really does depend on your point of view .
O'Leary : You followed this group of workers coming up for seasonal work . What has their experience been like , you know , during the time that you followed them ?
Sisley : It 's been a really interesting following the workers , and generally speaking , the workers are very happy to come up . And you have to understand that , you know , we follow the workers starting in their hometowns in Tlapacoyan , which is about 14 hours south of the U.S. border . You know , we followed them to the orange fields , into the coffee fields , where , you know , they were paid anywhere between $ 3 to $ 10 a day for pretty backbreaking work . And so for them to come up here to the U.S. and make $ 350 a week and that 's the start . And you know , if they stay longer , if they come , they 're returning each year . A lot of them get bonuses . And so they get paid more than that . You know , that 's a lot more money than what they 're getting paid . And if you look at the kind of work they 're doing , you know , a lot of Americans would sort of shake their heads and say , “ You know , I would never want to take down rides or travel around the country or live in these bunk houses. ” But to these workers , the work is comparable if not maybe a little bit easier than trying to , you know , pick oranges and take them down mountains .
O'Leary : A couple of years ago , the Labor Department put in some protections for folks who are working on an H-2B visa . What did they do ?
Sisley : Well , I mean the short answer to that is not much to nothing , because there 's no enforcement . That 's the real problem . There have been a lot of discussion about adding a lot of , you know , a lot of protections for workers over the years . But at the end of the day , if you look at actual cases that have occurred as a result of those , there 's almost nothing there . The real problem is there 's just not any financing in place to help these departments that are supposed to oversee the regulations . And someone really needs to , you know , look into that and try to address it .
O'Leary : You know , ultimately Congress did increase the number of H-2B visas allowed each year , you know , as we talked about at the beginning , but when you look at the carnival industry , is that going to be enough to keep them afloat ?
Sisley : You know , my opinion on that is that it would and it 's also important here to sort of note , we did n't find any carnival owners that were , you know , rich . They 're all usually three- , four-generation-deep organizations that are having a lot of trouble staying afloat . That 's a fact . And again , we have a lot of respect for that industry . But I do think they would still survive if they did n't have these visas in place .
Man Crates , an e-commerce site that offers specialized gifts for men , is banking on word of mouth and a unique product mix aimed at “ delighting gifters as well as those who receive the gifts ” to propel sales .
The company 's business model focuses on offering gift packs that cover several categories including personal care , food and beverage , sports and outdoor survival . Many of the kits are shipped “ in a sealed wooden crate with a laser-etched crowbar [ included ] . No bow , no ribbons , no fluff , and absolutely no instructions , ” the company noted on its web site .
`` The level of welfare in Italy is now as it was in 2000 . If nothing changes in this regard , the Italians can say at some point : ‘ We do n't want the Eurozone anymore , ' '' the expert said .
According to Fuest , the European Union is increasingly drifting apart , and Italy 's potential withdrawal from the monetary Union would have drastic consequences for Europe 's unity .
`` This would be a great shock . There is a danger that other states ( like Greece , Portugal and Spain ) will follow , '' the expert noted . `` Eastern states are also increasingly distancing themselves from Europe . This is dangerous , because what Europe needs right now , is stability . ''
At the same time , Fuest believes that the German government will be reluctant to approve a European aid program for Italy , as German taxpayers will have to bear the main burden . The Bundestag is very likely to oppose such plan , they noted .
The expert also stated that the EU is on the verge of a division , with Brexit being the first step toward the union 's disintegration .
In June , about 52 % of UK citizens voted in a referendum in favor of the country 's withdrawal from the EU .
Six months later , the British Government — now under Prime Minister Theresa May — has yet to trigger Article 50 of the Treaty of Lisbon , to begin the formal process of leaving .
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we 'll keep you up to speed !
LAS VEGAS ( AP ) - Claire Foy says the controversy over their pay for the Netflix series `` The Crown '' has changed their approach to Hollywood .
`` It definitely opened my eyes to a lot . And I certainly wo n't be naïve about those things , '' Foy said in an interview on Monday in Las Vegas . `` It 's really opened my eyes about what I am allowed to have an opinion about , and what I 'm allowed to stand up for myself about . And I think that 's really changed my approach to myself and other women in this industry . It 's been only a positive thing - even though , embarrassing . ''
A producer disclosed last month that Foy , who starred as Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II , was paid less than Matt Smith , who played Prince Philip , because Smith was better known .
The gender pay gap has become a big issue in Hollywood after revelations that many female stars have been paid less than their male counterparts . Foy and Smith are being replaced by older performers in the next season of the show .
Foy was in Las Vegas promoting `` The Girl in the Spider 's Web , '' which completed filming this month . It 's based on the fourth book in Stieg Larsson 's popular Millennium series revolving around hacker Lisbeth Salander , previously been played in movies by Noomi Rapace and Rooney Mara .
Foy said they had n't sought their blessing before beginning their work .
`` I mean , we are all actores . We all know the game . I do n't doubt for a second that those two incredible actores do n't both hate me and also ... ``
Director Fede Alvarez interjects that they did indeed get Rapace 's blessing .
`` I met them at the premiere of their last movie and we got introduced and I told them what I was doing and they really wished us good luck and they knew you were doing it , '' they said .
`` You got them blessing ? Did you ? They never told me this , '' Foy said , laughing . `` Oh , well there you go . One down ! One to go . ''
The 34-year-old actor says they exercised intensively to play the character - and got a new hairstyle .
`` I got an undercut , which is something that I never thought I would have in my life . Which is great ! Then all their tattoos and just how they move and the clothes that they wear . I loved being them every day , actually . It was very liberating thing , '' Foy said . `` Because I did n't have to worry about being attractive or being liked or any of that nonsense that women quite often have to wake up every day thinking how does the world see me ? And it was really nice to wake up and just be like , like this . What you see is what you get . I quite enjoyed that . ''
`` The Girl in the Spider 's Web '' is set for release in November .
Qualcomm has announced a brand-new processor dedicated to being used in AR & VR headsets . Called the XR1 , the chip has been designed to make it easier and cheaper for companies to build dedicated AR or VR headsets .
Some of Qualcomm 's current processor chips , such as the Snapdragon 835 and 845 , have already been used in headsets and the company itself says the 845 is a more powerful chip than the XR1 , and is still the better option for headsets that play high-intensity games . The XR1 meanwhile is for use in more simple headsets .
Basic Augmented Reality headsets for example only require a heads-up display to overlay information , it 's this sort of device that the XR1 will serve well , as the Snapdragon 845 has too much extra power that is theoretically wasted . It can also be used in headsets that you wear to view 360-degree videos , rather than those that require full room-scale tracking .
XR1 headsets will only support three degrees of freedom , meaning they can track roll , yaw and pitch of a users ' head , but they wo n't be able to track it within a 3D space , for that , you will need a Snapdragon 845 headset with six degrees of freedom support . Ultimately , XR1 headsets `` are designed for 'lean back , ' video-centric experiences like 360-degree 2D video , simple gaming , and simple interactivity at a lower price point , '' according to Hiren Bhinde , XR product management director .
The XR1 chip can support 4K video at 60fps and voice control , and will also support Qualcomm 's audio technologies such as aptX . There 's no definitive word on when we can expect to see the first headsets using the XR1 platform , but Qualcomm has already partnered with Vive , Pico , Vuzix and Meta , with more to be announced in the coming months , so it should n't be too long before headsets hit the shelves .
How Resorts , Atlantic City 's first casino , is still in the game
How Resorts , Atlantic City 's first casino , is still in the game May 23
Woman punched by police on Wildwood beach says they did n't spit on cops May 29
Margate police : We kept the lid on Club Wa this year May 30
Amy S. Rosenberg is a staff writer . Most recent preoccupations : the epic drama of Atlantic City , the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy , local beach culture , shoobies , the fragile psyche of the Philadelphia sports fan , and Miss America . They live at the Jersey Shore but also writes about Philly .
MARGATE — Police in this busy shore town say that as usual , more than a thousand visiting teenagers crowded onto the beach near Lucy the Elephant over Memorial Day weekend , but , unlike last year , when fights and loitering outside the nearby Wawa , spiraled out of control , no serious incidents were reported .
“ No fighting , ” said Margate police Capt . Ken Bergeron . “ It was packed . The beach was taken up , They were just standing around . It is the holiday weekend . ”
Bergeron said Margate deployed eight police officers to the beach to keep a lid on the teenagers .
They said there were 13 overall arrests over the weekend in Margate , including one for possession of cocaine in a park near the beach and another for driving while intoxicated . There were four arrests for underaged drinking , in addition to about 30 summonses for violations of ordinances , including open containers , drinking in public and urinating in public .
Bergeron said teens were kept moving outside the Margate Wawa , a popular spot dubbed Club Wa for its status as a magnet for teens from Philadelphia and its suburbs during peak summer weekends . ( Last year , teens who loitered outside the Wawa and were shown fighting in a viral video were subsequently dubbed “ Shoobie Juvies . ” )
Bergeron noted that the beach is “ much bigger ” than last year , due to the beach replenishment , which let the crowds spread out more . They said the teens , many of whom were carrying backpacks , but no beach chairs , were mainly from Philadelphia and its suburbs .
“ Most locals do n't go to that beach , ” they said . Although they said police assume most of the teens are carrying alcohol in their backpacks , they can not be searched without cause , they noted .
The presence of the crowds of teens on the beach , pictures of which circulated on social media , struck some as negative — “ What a mess Margate has become , ” one person commented on Facebook — but others as nostalgic . “
Last year , a video of teens fighting on the beach went viral , but the viral video distinction of Memorial Day Weekend at the Jersey shore this year belonged to Wildwood , where a 20-year-old Philadelphia woman was punched twice by Wildwood police during an altercation . The Cape May County prosecutor 's office has said it will release police body camera footage from the incident later this week .
In Margate , Bergeron said Wawa hired its own security force to patrol outside its store on Washington Avenue and that Margate bicycle police made regular rounds .
“ Security kept them moving , ” they said . “ It was a good weekend . The town was crowded but we had no major incidents . ”
A new study of military veterans who went through trauma finds that those veterans who have related post-traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) are also more likely to experience `` post-traumatic growth '' - such as an increased appreciation of life , awareness of new possibilities and enhanced inner strength .
`` There 's been a lot of attention paid to PTSD in our military population , but very little research on post-traumatic growth , '' says Sarah Desmarais , an associate professor of psychology at North Carolina State University and author of a paper on the new study . `` But these findings are important , because they show that the way veterans respond to trauma is not a zero-sum game . ''
`` Some Department of Defense ( DoD ) training implies that people are either resilient or they 're not , but we found that people can struggle with PTSD and experience emotional growth due to traumatic events , '' says Jessica Morgan , Ph.D. candidate at NC State and principal investigator on the study . `` In addition , growth can occur very quickly , or it can be a process that unfolds over years . In other words , while recovering from trauma can be a painful and difficult ordeal , veterans and their families can have hope , and the DoD should pay attention to this field of study . ''
For this study , researchers conducted a survey of 197 veterans from all branches of the military . Approximately half of the study participants served in the Army , 72 percent were active duty , and 69.4 percent were male . Study participants reported on a traumatic event that had occurred within the previous three years and were asked a series of questions designed to measure post-traumatic growth . Growth was measured on a scale from zero to 105 .
The researchers found that study participants fell into four groups with respect to their post-traumatic growth . The short-term moderate group , including 33.7 percent of participants , had post-traumatic growth scores typically between 40 and 60 and experienced that growth within about 6 months of the traumatic event . The long-term moderate group made up 18.7 percent of participants , and reported similar levels of post-traumatic growth , but more than a year after the traumatic event . The high-growth group , 20.7 percent of participants , had scores typically between 70 and 105 - and this growth could take anywhere from a few months to several years . The last group , made up of 26.9 percent of participants , experienced limited post-traumatic growth .
The researchers found that members of each group shared common characteristics .
For example , the group that experienced the greatest post-traumatic growth was made up of participants who were the most likely to report that their trauma fundamentally challenged the way they viewed the world . They also spent the most time thinking about their traumatic event and had the highest rate of PTSD .
Those who experienced moderate growth very quickly had similar characteristics , placing second in all three categories : the extent to which the trauma challenged their worldview , the amount of time spent thinking about the trauma , and the rate of PTSD .
At the other end of the spectrum , those who experienced limited post-traumatic growth ranked last in all three categories .
`` One of the key points here is that there can be real benefit from having military veterans think about their traumatic experiences , '' Desmarais says . `` While it may be painful in the short term , it can contribute to their well-being in the long term .
`` These findings also demonstrate that we need to do more research into post-traumatic growth , working with the veteran community , '' Desmarais adds . `` The fact that we still know so little about post-traumatic growth , and that much of the existing work was not done with members of the military , is a significant oversight . ''
# # #
The paper , `` Associations between Time since Event and Posttraumatic Growth Among Military Veterans , '' is published in the journal Military Psychology . Morgan , who also serves as a researcher at RTI International , is the paper 's lead author .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WILKES-BARRE , Pa. -- The American Cancer Society is lowering the age it recommends you to start getting colonoscopies .
With colon cancer being the second leading cause of death in the U.S. , the American Cancer Society is now advising that you get your colonoscopies sooner .
`` I just did a colonoscopy because I had a double lung transplant . I have to keep up with my health so I do everything that the doctors ask me to do , '' said Keith Chalmers of Wilkes-Barre .
The American Cancer Society used to recommend you start getting colonoscopies at age 50 . It has now lowered that to age 45 .
The organization says it 's seen an increase in young people getting colon cancer recently .
Newswatch 16 spoke to Dr. Karthik Penumetsa , a gastroenterologist at Wilkes-Barre General Hospital .
`` Colon cancer is one of the most preventable scenarios that you can actually have . By getting a colonoscopy , you 're detecting a polyp lesion , if you have one , at a really , really early stage , '' Dr. Penumetsa said .
The American Cancer Society estimates about 50,000 people will die from colon cancer this year .
Dr. Penumetsa says it is important for patients to make sure they 're getting their colonoscopies because there is a high rate of colon cancer in northeastern and central Pennsylvania .
`` We see higher incidents in communities that have obesity . We do believe it is associated with patient profiles that are more towards smoking , drinking . ''
Dr. Penumetsa recommends you check with your doctor to learn more about colon cancer .
Top Trends From New York Fashion Week : Men 's A trip down Nineties memory lane , the return of the puffer and everything in corduroy were some of the trends that shaped a multifaceted New York Fashion Week : Men 's .
NEW BRUNSWICK , N.J. ( AP ) — Johnson & Johnson on Tuesday reported first-quarter profit of $ 4.42 billion .
On a per-share basis , the New Brunswick , New Jersey-based company said it had profit of $ 1.61 . Earnings , adjusted for costs related to mergers and acquisitions and amortization costs , came to $ 1.83 per share .
The results beat Wall Street expectations . The average estimate of 11 analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for earnings of $ 1.77 per share .
The world 's biggest maker of health care products posted revenue of $ 17.77 billion in the period , which did not meet Street forecasts . Six analysts surveyed by Zacks expected $ 18.01 billion .
Advertisement
Johnson & Johnson expects full-year earnings in the range of $ 7 to $ 7.15 per share , with revenue in the range of $ 75.4 billion to $ 76.1 billion .
Johnson & Johnson shares have risen 9 percent since the beginning of the year , while the Standard & Poor 's 500 index has climbed almost 5 percent . The stock has climbed 14 percent in the last 12 months .
_____
This story was generated by Automated Insights ( http : //automatedinsights.com/ap ) using data from Zacks Investment Research . Access a Zacks stock report on JNJ at https : //www.zacks.com/ap/JNJ
_____
Keywords : Johnson & Johnson , Earnings Report , Priority Earnings
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Congressional Democrats stand divided over whether to fight now or later about the fate of some 800,000 immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally as children .
House Democrats want the issue resolved in the broad spending bill . Some Senate Democrats would rather deal with the issue next year , ahead of President Donald Trump 's March deadline .
The fate of these “ Dreamers ” is among the trickiest issues to resolve as Washington seeks to avert a Christmas government shutdown .
For Illinois Rep. Luis Gutierrez , there is no more important issue in the year-end budget showdown .
Advertisement
But at the top of Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer 's list of political concerns are the re-election bids of 10 Senate Democrats in states Trump won . They want nothing to do with shutting down the government over immigration .
A mill nearly as old as Canada must be sold if it is to survive , its owner says , since the spring flood has just washed through it , and through their hopes of creating a bed and breakfast .
The mill on Brennan 's Creek in Old Killaloe has been there since 1870 . Owner Anette Clough says it 's part country home , part storehouse of history .
`` It has a pile of stuff in there : Manual wooden planes , sickles , big wagon wheels , things that fit around a horse 's neck . '' There is equipment for sending flour down a chute into bags , and flour sifters , all pushed to one side of the building .
The other side is renovated : a three-bedroom home on the top two levels , and a smaller apartment with a separate entrance .
They and their soon-to-be ex-husband bought it about four years ago . The couple eventually split ; they moved out two years ago and their husband left last fall . The mill has been unoccupied since then .
`` I would love , love , love to keep the place . It 's an incredible building . I would really love to turn it into a bed and breakfast , '' they said Monday .
Previous owners blasted out bedrock and put in a 50-kilowatt turbine that generates electricity for sale to the provincial grid . At least it did until a flood three years ago . Clough figures the turbine itself is still fine , but the turbine room may need electrical repairs .
`` We almost had it ready to turn on , we had all the electricals checked and cleaned , and then we got flooded three years ago . And that is because we did n't have enough stop logs pulled out of the dam , '' they said .
With the couple splitting up , they ca n't afford to invest more money in repairs that are needed in one foundation wall , or in putting the turbine system back into shape .
It 's a lovely setting , with a pond behind the dam , walking trails and a foot bridge to the far side of the creek .
`` I have n't put it on the market yet because I have n't been wanting to sell it because I really love it . But looking at what happened this year ... ''
Last week , the rising runoff water spilled past the dam and through the first floor of the mill , in one door and out another .
Clough said a structural engineer looked at the mill since then , recommending repairs to one foundation wall and an overall review of the building when water levels drop .
Stop logs work like plugs in a drain , meaning they can be dropped into position in a dam or lifted out to control how much water can flow through . They are intended to be lifted out in fall , so that the spring flood has an opening where it can rush right through . But the logs are heavy , and Clough and their husband could n't remove them all last fall , so the dam was partially blocked . Then spring came .
The result is familiar to anyone who has tried to flush a blocked toilet : Water backs up and overflows . It 's now receding .
The Killaloe Post , an online magazine that 's largely the work of local photographer Lynn Flokstra , recently traced the history of the mill that was built by an Irish immigrant in 1849 , and rebuilt after a major fire in 1870 .
`` At its peak the mill was powered by one wood- and one water-powered engine and was in operation 24 hours a day grinding the wheat harvest for local farmers , '' the Post notes . `` When flour was no longer profitable they ground grain for livestock feed . With the rise of national commercial mills local grain milling became a thing of the past . ''
The mill had a second life sawing and planing lumber from the 1940s until 1968 .
If no one maintains the building , Clough says , `` it could get worse , and then the town and the area lose something that has been there forever and is really amazing . ''
tspears @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/TomSpears1
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The hoax bomb threats that led to a number of schools nationally being evacuated were made as part of a gaming feud , according to reports .
Around 9.45am on Monday morning , a number of schools in the county received hoax emails , threatening bomb attacks and demanding cash in return for children 's safety .
A number of schools in Gloucestershire were targeted by these threats . Sky News have reported that a feud between rival Minecraft players was behind the threats .
( Image : Library picture )
The emails were spoofed to look like they had been sent by a gaming network known as VeltPvP , according to Sky News .
The malicious emails were designed to result in the domain being suspended for abuse . VeltPvP is a Minecraft player-versus-player server - a type of server run by businesses that sell items in-game to players .
A spokesperson for Gloucestershire Constabulary following the hoax threats : `` We have received a number of reports of schools receiving emailed bomb threats today , Monday 19 March .
`` This appears to be part of a national hoax and our colleagues in other forces are receiving similar reports .
`` We are confident that it is a hoax , and not a genuine threat to life .
`` Police take hoaxes extremely seriously . They divert police resources and cause disruption and alarm to the public .
`` Our advice is not to panic but remain vigilant and carry on with business as usual , report any incidents to police and keep anything which could be used as evidence in the future . ''
The Prisons service recently lauded 24 former inmates who participated in the release on temporary license rehabilitation programme .
They say 4 remain employed through the programme which aims to link inmates with business owners who can give them the skills to get a job when they are released .
“ It 's really about increasing skills , giving them opportunities . It 's good for them that they go out , they 've got structure in their lives a lot of them have n't had that before and also they get rewards they feel that they 're contributing something to society so there are a lot of things that are big hitters on this so I think it 's an excellent scheme. ” said Prison Director Neil Lavis .
Mr. Lavis says some of the men have gone on to successful jobs in construction , local stores and even the Turtle Farm .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Print
As Britain recovers from the chaos that a few inches of snow wrought yesterday , today is brought to you from Creeting St Peter , my small but perfectly formed Suffolk village . We 've had an inch or so here , mostly yesterday morning , but whilst there 's broadband , there 's hope , I 'm told .
Talking of chaos , it seems like Government ministers have spent the weekend queuing up to sabotage Theresa May 's deal with the European Union . One does wonder about the wisdom of publicly talking about how and when the deal might be reneged upon , and with the Foreign Minister of Ireland , Simon Coveney , reminding us of what was signed up to ;
Art.46 of Fridays agreed text re Ireland/NI : `` The commitments and the principles…are made and must be upheld in all circumstances , irrespective of the nature of any future agreement between the European Union and the United Kingdom . '' – clear and positive commitment from UK Govt — Simon Coveney ( @ simoncoveney ) December 10 , 2017
it is hard to credit that any such act would be without repercussions . But , as has been the case throughout this sorry saga , the seeming lack of understanding that yes , you can break a contract , but you might not like the consequences much , makes you wonder how we could ever become the country of Brexiteer dreams with such hopeless leadership .
But enough of Brexit for the time being , what have we got for you today ? I kick off , with this week 's preview of House of Lords business , with a particular focus on Liberal Democrat contributions .
Paul Walter has been busy , and they have news of a new award scheme that supports young activists wanting to take part in Parliamentary by-election campaigns . They also write movingly on the work of the Samaritans and , particularly over the Christmas period , when life becomes hard to bear for the lonely and isolated , they do incredible work .
And yes , I 'll be ending the day with a musical interlude . The theme is “ goodbye ” and , if you have a suggestion , let me know via the comments . It is n't necessary for me to like it as long as it 's interesting .
That 's all we 've got as I write this , so if there is something you 're burning to say , why not draft it and send it to us in the usual way ? There 's guidance available , so why not have a go ?
* Mark Valladares is the Monday Editor of Liberal Democrat Voice .
Do n't let the name mislead you : the Marshall Mid headphones are n't all about the mid-range , they 're about the full spectrum of sound , from bassy low-end to sparkling high-end .
The English company is well known for its stage monitors and amplifiers , which conjures up images of rock 'n ' roll legends , giant guitar riffs and crashing drums . Has Marshall crammed all the energy of the stage into these on-ear Bluetooth headphones ?
We 've been using the Mid Bluetooth Black headphones `` on tour '' for three months and have found them to be a great-sounding , rugged , well-built solution that 's never let us down .
Black vinyl , metal and brass build is rugged
Classic Marshall wound cable included
Brass control knob for discrete play/pause
There 's something iconic about the Marshall logo , which brandished on the side of the Mid headphones gives a not-so-hidden clue as to what these cans are all about . Rock-out sound .
To look at they follow the same design language that you 'd expect from a Marshall amp : textured , black surfaces sit alongside brass highlights , with the logo in white . It might sound fussy , but we think the Mid look elegant with their simple choice of colours and materials .
These are also supremely tough on-ears . We 've been throwing them into bags for months , without worrying about a case ( as they do n't include one ) and the metal frame has held up just fine . Sure , the edges have rubbed slightly and there 's the suggestion of a stitched thread coming loose - but given the treatment we 've given them out on the road , they stand up well beyond what some of the competition can manage .
Initially , the fit of these cans is a little firm to the ears , but the sprung earcups soon adapt to use and fit more gently over the head . We find them really comfortable now , partly because we 're so used to them , partly because we do n't wear these on-ears for hours at a time . That 's one of the slight downsides : the Mid do begin to grate on the ears if worn for ages in a single session .
Another feature we think really makes the Mid Bluetooth is the wired cable that 's included . From its brass trim 3.5mm jacks , to the way the cable coils like a classic guitar or mic lead . Sure , the headphones are designed to be wireless , but they work just great wired for when the battery runs out too .
40mm dynamic drivers , 10Hz-20kHz response
Bluetooth aptX wireless or 3.5mm wired
30-hours battery for Bluetooth use
That battery wo n't vanish too quickly , though , as it 's good for 30-hours of use at a time . We 've been getting through multiple days at a time no worries , so that long-lasting battery life quote seems accurate from our usage . Recharging is a case of simply plugging in via the Micro-USB cable on the base of one earcup .
When used wirelessly the lack of controls at your fingertips is n't necessarily a problem either : the brass knob on the right earcup is a discrete way of adding play/pause control and it 's easy to use . We 've rarely bothered , in truth , but it 's a far brighter solution than having giant skip/pause buttons on the side of the earcups .
In terms of sound , the Marshall Mid Bluetooth are everything we expected : there 's ample thrum , loud volume , with no one element overpowering the mix - just like a good rock track . There 's bass aplenty , but it does n't go into overdrive , while the mid and high-end are well catered for , without being too sharp or crunchy .
Sound isolation is n't great , given the fit , and there 's no noise-cancellation either to keep the loud outside world at bay - but that 's not the end of the world . Marshall has never really been about throwing techie things at products for no reason , it 's all about being classic and sticking to what it 's good at : sound .
If you 're into hi-res audio then there 's no aptX HD compatibility here , it 's just aptX . That 's perfectly fine for most file types , though , without appealing to the highest-end audiophile type .
Jan 28 , 2018 ; New York , NY , USA ; Bruno Mars featuring Cardi B performs “ Finesse ” during the 60th Annual Grammy Awards at Madison Square Garden . Mandatory Credit : Robert Deutsch-USA TODAY
Bruno Mars announced on Friday that Cardi B will be joining them for the last part of their North American 24K Magic tour !
Check out their announcement :
The Finale . 🍾🥂 # 24kmagicworldtour A post shared by Bruno Mars ( @ brunomars ) on Feb 2 , 2018 at 2:56pm PST
Well sadly from the remaining dates there is no Chicago on it…but that just means we are road-trippin !
Tickets go on-sale February 16th ( and obviously before then solid dates and locations for the cities listed will be announced .
After seeing their Grammy performance – how could you not want to go ! ?
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) — As part of the crew digging a subway extension under the streets of Los Angeles , Ashley Leger always keeps their safety gear close by .
When their phone buzzes , they quickly a neon vest , hard hat and goggles before climbing deep down into a massive construction site beneath a boulevard east of downtown .
Earth-movers are diverted , and Leger gets on their hands and knees and gently brushes the dirt from a spot pointed out by a member of their team . Them heart beats faster because there 's a chance she 'll uncover what they call “ the big find . ”
Leger is a paleontologist who digs for fossils in the middle of a city rather than an open plain or desert . They work for a company contracted by Los Angeles transportation officials to keep paleontologists on hand as workers extend a subway line to the city 's west side .
“ They 're making sure that they 're recovering every single fossil that could possibly show up , ” Leger said of their team of monitors . “ They call me anytime things are large and we need to lead an excavation . ”
Since work on the extension began in 2014 , fossilized remains have routinely turned up from creatures that roamed the grasslands and forests that covered the region during the last Ice Age , about 10,000 years ago .
They include a partial rabbit jaw , mastodon tooth , camel foreleg , bison vertebrae , and a tooth and ankle bone from a horse .
But the discovery that still makes Leger shake their head in disbelief came about a year ago , shortly after construction began on the project 's second phase . They were at home getting ready for bed when a call came in from one of their monitors .
“ It looks big , ” they told them
The next morning , Leger knelt at the site and recognized what appeared to be a partial elephant skull .
It turned out to be much more . After 15 hours of painstaking excavation , the team uncovered an intact skull of a juvenile mammoth .
“ It 's an absolute dream come true for me , ” said Leger , who spent the previous decade at a South Dakota mammoth site with no discoveries even close to the size of the one in Los Angeles . “ It 's the one fossil you always want to find in your career . ”
California 's stringent environmental laws require scientists to be on hand at certain construction sites .
Paleontologists have staffed all L.A. subway digs beginning in the 1990s , when work started on the city 's inaugural line , said Dave Sotero , spokesperson for the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority .
Paying for the paleontologist staff from Cogstone Resource Management is factored into the project 's cost , they said . When scientists are brought in to see what crews might have unearthed , work on the project continues , albeit in a different location .
“ Our crews try to be as mindful as possible to help them do their jobs . We get out of their way , ” Sotero said , adding that when the mammoth skull was uncovered , construction workers helped deliver it to the mouth of the site .
From there , the skull was hauled a mile or so to Los Angeles ' La Brea Tar Pits and Museum , home to one of America 's most fossil-rich sites .
Assistant curator Dr. Emily Lindsey called it a “ pretty remarkable find , ” noting that while thousands of dire wolf and saber-toothed cat remains have been uncovered in L.A. , there have been only about 30 mammoths .
A few hundred pounds and the size of an easy chair , the skull is especially rare because both tusks were attached . It 's being studied and is available for public viewing inside the museum 's glass-walled Fossil Lab .
With a nod to Hollywood , the 8- to 12-year-old Colombian mammoth was named Hayden , for the actor Hayden Panettiere , featured in the TV series “ Nashville ” and “ Heroes . ”
The Cogstone monitor at the construction site had been watching them on television before spotting the speck of bone that turned out to be the intact skull .
Similar endeavors have turned up subterranean treasures during digs in other cities .
Workers at a San Diego construction site found fossils including parts of a mammoth and a gray whale and multiple layers of ancient seashells .
Last year , crews working on a development near Boston 's seaport uncovered a 50-foot ( 15-meter ) wooden boat possibly dating as far back as the late 18th century .
Lindsey praised California 's efforts to ensure science and urban development overlap , while bemoaning what bygone treasures may have been lost before the regulations went into place in the early 1970s .
“ Most of the past is below the ground , so you 're only going to find it when you dig , ” they said . “ As the city grows , I 'm sure we 'll find more exciting fossil material . ”
___
Follow Christopher Weber at https : //twitter.com/WeberCM .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
WASHINGTON ( Sputnik ) - President Donald Trump 's personal attorney Michael Cohen should release all of the audio recordings they made of conversations with adult film star Stormy Daniels and others , their lawyer Michael Avenatti told reporters after a court hearing on Wednesday .
`` Mr. Cohen and their attorney Mr. [ Stephen ] Ryan should release all of those audio recordings to the American people and the Congress , so they can be heard by all and people can make their own determinations as to their importance related to the president and what they knew , '' Avenatti said .
Avenatti said Cohen 's defense lawyer admitted in court that Cohen had taped conversations between themselves and Daniels ' previous lawyer .
The FBI raided the office , home and hotel room of Trump 's longtime lawyer Michael Cohen on April 9 , seizing various documents related to several issues , including payments which had been made during Trump 's presidential campaign to adult film star Stormy Daniels , who had claimed to have an affair with the now president .
Michael Cohen then filed a motion to dismiss the defamation lawsuit by the adult film actor , saying that the lawsuit was `` completely without merit and appears to be a desperate attempt by [ Daniels ] to keep at least a portion of this case out of arbitration . ''
Daniels claims to have had sexual relations with Trump and is currently trying to break away from the nondisclosure agreement they signed prior to the 2016 election which has kept them from speaking on the alleged affair . Donald Trump has denied the allegations , the fact that a payment in course of 2016 campaign may have taken place could be problematic for the White House .
JUBA South Sudanese rebels said they had taken control of a town on the Ugandan border and killed 14 soldiers in the fighting , an account dismissed on Tuesday as `` ridiculous and unfounded '' by the government .
The SPLM-IO insurgents loyal to former vice president Riek Machar said they freed prisoners from the jail in Kajo-Keji early on Monday around 100km ( 60 miles ) south of the capital Juba .
The government said the rebels had raided the prison , freed a number of people it described as prisoners-of-war , then left .
`` It is lies created by the rebels that they have killed and captured people , '' government army spokesperson Santo Domic Chol said .
The United Nations says at least a quarter of South Sudan 's population has been displaced in a three-year civil war triggered by President Salva Kiir 's decision to sack Machar in 2013 .
Many people in and around Kajo-Keji have fled to Uganda to escape the fighting .
( Reporting by Denis Dumo ; Writing by Clement Uwiringiyimana ; Editing by Andrew Heavens )
Sheryl Crow thought something was going to change after 26 children and staff members at Sandy Hook Elementary School lost their lives nearly five years ago in Newtown , Connecticut .
Two months ago , on Oct. 1 , Crow watched the news along with the rest of the country as the details surrounding the deaths of 58 people at the Route 91 Harvest Music festival in Las Vegas began to unfold .
“ I have the same experience everyone does — complete and total devastation and disillusionment , ” Crow tells PEOPLE in an exclusive interview about the release of their new song , “ The Dreaming Kind . ”
Crow , a nine-time Grammy winner , is working in conjunction with Sandy Hook Promise — a nonprofit group co-founded by Mark Barden , whose son Daniel was killed in the Sandy Hook Tragedy . “ The work of Sandy Hook Promise focuses on preventing gun violence before it starts , ” they said in a statement .
The singer says their new track came together when they decided to work with Sandy Hook Promise to raise awareness and push forward gun regulation in regard to mental stability . “ It seemed to give purpose to my writing , ” Crow reveals .
After the tragedy nearly five years ago — the anniversary is on Thursday — Crow believes people live in fear of talking about the controversial topic of gun control . They urge everyone to step away from social media and have meaningful discussions about ways to prevent future tragedies .
“ When Sandy Hook happened , we knew it was a life-changing moment where we were going to address the idea that not everyone should be approved to own a gun , especially military-style weaponry and yet , nothing happened , ” they say . “ At some point , the alarm clock has to go off and we have to wake up . ”
Despite the heated topic , creating the song became a family affair . Crow 's niece , Ava Crow , 12 , appears on the song and innocently asks , “ Could you imagine it/if love was blind/If on this earth everybody was kind . ”
RELATED VIDEO : Sandy Hook Dad Reflects on Meeting With Shooter 's Father
“ She 's still very innocent and very wide-eyed . Them voice is pure and very touching , ” Crow says of their niece , who also appears in the video , which is available as a name-your-price download at sherylcrow.bandcamp.com . “ She came over , they sang it four times and it was perfect . ”
Them nephews Bradley and Chase Crow , ages 19 and 17 respectively , also joined and sang on the chorus .
They say they will have to have a difficult conversation with their own children — Levi , 7 , and Wyatt , 10 — and explain why they wrote the song .
“ I 'm going to have to explain to them that at school , before this , it was place you went that was safe , ” they say , adding . “ I 'm sure it will be a conversation that we will continue to have for as long as this is happening . ”
By
By : Kentucky Health News
Cases of Lyme disease have tripled since the 1990s and with tick season expected to be especially heavy this year , it could also be a bad year for Lyme — a disease that is often hard to diagnose . Lyme disease is caused by bacteria that are carried and transmitted to humans by black-legged ticks , which are also called deer ticks .
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today !
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
Wendy Thomas of New Hampshire told Linda Carroll of NBC News that it took seven years and 11 doctors before their son , Griffin , was diagnosed with Lyme disease , after suffering with “ rashes , breathing problems , swollen fingers , back pain , knee pain and ankle pain . ”
Thomas told Carroll that they had been tested early on for Lyme disease , but it came back negative . And that it was n't until a friend suggested that Griffin , now 24 , could have Lyme , despite the negative test , that they investigated it online and discovered that “ every one of Griffin 's symptoms was on the list , ” Carroll reports .
“ We wasted so many years , ” said Thomas , 58 . “ In hindsight it was so obvious . ”
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention illustration
The federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says the early signs and symptoms of Lyme disease are fever , headaches , chills , fatigue , muscle and joint aches and swollen lymph nodes . Another common symptom is a rash that looks like a “ bull's-eye ” as it gets larger , but not everyone who has Lyme disease gets this rash .
Early and accurate diagnosis is important because it can be treated with an antibiotic . But this is a challenge because not everyone remembers being bitten by a tick , and many do n't get that bull's-eye rash . And without these , the other symptoms are clinically similar to other diseases , which makes it harder to diagnose .
Symptoms can also linger for months and can come and go . They include severe headaches and neck stiffness , rashes on other parts of the body , arthritis , drooping on one or both sides of the face , intermittent pain in tendons , joints and bones , heart palpitations , dizziness , shortness of breath , brain inflammation , nerve pain and problems with short-term memory , often called “ brain fog . ”
“ There are a host of diseases that can be misinterpreted as Lyme and vice versa . Lyme can be present and look like something else , such as MS , fibromyalgia , ALS , dementia . Lyme is called ‘ the great imitator ' for that reason , ” Philip Tierno , a professor of microbiology and pathology at New York University 's School of Medicine , told Carroll .
Rafal Tokarz , an associate research scientist at Columbia University , told Carroll there needs to be a better diagnostic test for Lyme disease because not everyone has enough of an immune response in their system to respond to the current test .
The best ways to protect yourself from ticks is to avoid grassy , wooded and leaf-covered areas ; keep grass and shrubs trimmed and cleared away ; walk in the center of walking trails ; wear light-colored clothes , which make it easier to spot ticks ; wear long pants tucked into boots and tuck in your shirts ; use tick repellent that has DEET or picaridin in it ; do a body check at the end of each day ; check your pets and equipment for ticks ; and shower after potential exposure .
While the greatest risk for getting Lyme disease remains in the Northeast , mid-Atlantic and upper Midwest , it is spreading to a wider area of the country . Kentucky had 12 confirmed cases and 37 probable ones in 2015 , according to the CDC . Tick season in Kentucky runs through August , but a case was reported in February in Knox County . The southeastern Kentucky county has recently reported about eight cases of Rocky Mountain spotted fever , transmitted by dog ticks , reports the Barbourville Mountain Advocate . The weekly newspaper combined its local information with a Kentucky Health News story and graphics to make a strong presentation about the dangers of ticks
The Environmental Protection Fund is projected to have a closing balance of $ 52.2 million by the end of the 2019 . That 's down from almost $ 60 million at the end of 2016 .
Cayman 27 takes a look at the financial numbers from the National Conservation Council 's 2017 annual report .
According to the report , approved by the council at its meeting last week , the Environmental Protection Fund appears to be shrinking .
In the 2018/2019 budget , the EPF is projected to pay the nearly $ 1.7M it will earn in interest to general revenue . This is in addition to some $ 15.6M allocated for transfer out of the EPF to general revenue over the two-year budget .
Contrast that with what is expected coming into the EPF : just shy of $ 6M per year for 2018 and 2019 . With more money going out than coming ion , it 's easy to see why the numbers are getting smaller .
In the 18-month budget ending with 2017 , the Department of Environment spent close to a quarter million dollars of that fund , with the lion 's share going to green iguana controls , with other moneys going to Nassau grouper conservation , Cayman parrot conservation , coral restoration in the wake of the Tatoosh and Saga vessel reef damage incidents , and around $ 7,000 in legal fees incurred during the Tatoosh settlement .
Going forward in the 2018/2019 budget , $ 400,000 dollars per year is allocated for stingray research , a traffic calming proposal to protect Sister Islands rock iguanas , a Cayman parrot amnesty project , turtle friendly lighting incentive scheme , coral reef restoration , and legal advice for the council .
Also noted in the report : although section 3 of the National Conservation Law provides that the council manage and make recommendations on the use of the EPF . According to the report , sections 46 and 47 of the law remain un-implemented , and the fund is still being operated under pre-existing legislation from 1997 .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Print
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
In the blink of an eye , the LHSAA softball calendar has reached the postseason .
Webster Parish will be well-represented throughout the playoffs , with three teams earning postseason bids .
The Minden Lady Tiders ( 13-15 ) and head coach Taleshae Haulcy will travel to Mandeville for a Monday match-up against Lakeshore . Minden earned the No . 24 seed , while Lakeshore ( 17-10 ) comes in at No . 9 in 4A .
The Lady Tiders will try and pull off the upset at 5 p.m .
The Lakeside Lady Warriors will start their playoffs Tuesday at 5 p.m. in Sibley . The Lady Warriors , Class 2A 's No . 10 seed , will host No . 23 Vinton . Lakeside is 18-10 this season under head coach Gary Cooper .
Joining Minden in opening their playoffs Monday night are the North Webster Lady Knights .
This season has been up-and-down for Alyssa Ford 's team to say the least , but a strong finish to the regular season gives the No . 20 team in Class 3A hope for a first-round upset against No . 13 Buckeye .
The Lady Knights ( 13-15 ) will go for the road upset at 6 p.m. in Deville .
Related
Comments
comments
Many Vinita , Oklahoma residents are still shocked by the shooting that happened Friday , December 15th . According to authorities , Karl Jones , an attorney at the Jones & Gardner law firm , shot high school softball coach Jason Sauer multiple times .
KOAM/Fox14 spoke to multiple Vinita residents who say they never expected such a violent act to happen in their town .
`` My reaction was , 'Oh my God why would they shoot him . ' Because ( Jones ) has been our attorney before . I do n't know , and the coach was a good man , '' said one Vinita resident .
`` Well , I was very much in shock . Most of the time things like that do n't happen around our little town and I just feel like from down inside my heart , that it 's a terrible tragedy and everyone needs to be praying for both of these families and not placing any blame , '' said another Vinita resident .
The Vinita softball team recently held a prayer vigil for their coach who is in critical condition .
* EDF hopes for framework contract in India this year
* EDF will respond to South Africa nuclear RFI in April
* Sees possibilities in eastern Europe , China , Saudi
By Geert De Clercq
PARIS , March 30 French utility EDF is making progress with plans to export nuclear reactors to India and South Africa and says it is in talks with several other countries about nuclear projects .
EDF nuclear newbuild chief Xavier Ursat told reporters that once EDF 's takeover of Areva 's reactor unit Areva NP was completed by the end of 2017 , it would spearhead the French nuclear industry 's export drive .
They said talks with the Indian government about a project to build six Areva-designed EPR reactors in Jaitapur , south of Mumbai , were progressing well .
`` We do not expect to sign a deal for six reactors in one go , but our target is to sign a framework agreement this year that would give us some visibility and allow us to start detailed studies for this project , '' they said .
They said EDF 's proposals to the Indian government were based on the current EPR model - which is under construction in France , Finland and China and will also be built in the UK - not for a `` New Model EPR '' which the company is preparing .
Ursat said EDF was also working on a response to the South African government 's `` request for information , '' made in late 2016 , which should be ready by the end of April .
South Africa operates two ageing French-built reactors in Koeberg , but several other reactor vendors including Russia 's Rosatom are also eying the contract .
`` We have a history of 30 years of good relations with South Africa , that counts for something , '' Ursat said .
They said EDF was also hoping for new contracts in China , but said talks there would have to wait for the completion of two EPR reactors under construction in Taishan , southern China .
`` By year-end we expect to load fuel in Taishan 1 , after that we probably will have discussions about the future , '' they said .
Ursat said there were also possibilities in eastern Europe , including in the Czech Republic and Poland .
`` Brazil also remains interested in nuclear , but that will probably take a few years to put into place , '' they added .
They said there were contacts with Saudi Arabia about nuclear newbuild , but without a precise time horizon , and that EDF had held talks with the Malaysian government but there had been no progress on that front recently .
Asked about the success of Korean manufacturer Kepco in building second-generation reactors in time and on budget in the United Arab Emirates , they said more modern third-generation reactors were still the best option .
Both Areva and Toshiba-owned Westinghouse have effectively been bankrupted by cost overruns on their more expensive and hard-to-build third-generation reactors .
Westinghouse filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on Wednesday , while Areva is being recapitalised by the French state after years of losses .
`` I think that our third-generation reactor meets the needs of countries that are starting with nuclear energy and will move directly to a third-generation reactor , '' they said . ( Reporting by Geert De Clercq ; Editing by Mark Potter )
In this file photo , a P-8A Poseidon from Patrol Squadron ( VP ) 4 flies over USS Theodore Roosevelt ( CVN 71 ) during training in the Pacific , Aug. 29 . ( U.S. Navy/MC2 Alex Perlman )
HONOLULU ( AP ) - Two sub-hunting and surveillance Navy jet planes have reached Hawaii with a mission of protecting the isles .
The Honolulu Star-Advertiser reported Thursday that the arrival of the P-8A Poseidon jets extends a Navy maritime presence that started on Oahu in the 1920s .
The Navy states the planes brought three crews from Whidbey Island , Washington , for a continuous presence that will see Whidbey crews rotate through Hawaii for two to three months at a time . The planes are part of a patrol squadron called the `` Skinny Dragons , '' which was based on Oahu for many years before leaving in March 2016 .
The planes will be based at Marine Corps Air Station Kaneohe Bay until work starts in late fall on the base 's runway , then will move to Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
HBO on Friday released a teaser for Westworld 's greatly anticipated second season .
Though it does n't feature any new footage ( or , well , any footage at all ) , the sci-fi drama 's brief video seems to indicate that the theme park remains mired in behind-the-scenes chaos… though Charlotte Hale 's message at the very end is worth some deep-dive discussion . ( Make sure you do so in the Comments . )
Ready for more of today 's newsy nuggets ? Well…
* Rep. Devin Nunes , chairperson of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence , will appear on tonight 's episode of Fox News ' Special Report ( at 6/5c ) . This will be their first interview since the public release of a memo alleging that the FBI abused its power when investigating Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election .
* black-ish ‘ s Tracee Ellis Ross announced via Twitter that they will be directing an upcoming episode of the ABC comedy :
* FX will not air Singularity , a comedy series written by Sonny Lee ( Silicon Valley ) and produced by Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg , according to Deadline .
Which of today 's TVLine Items piques your interest ?
An inherent right ?
The ambit of the right to self-defense under international law has been under scrutiny , especially in light of Syria and North Korea . The contested right to anticipatory self-defense stems from a broad interpretation of Article 51 of the UN Charter , which stipulates the exceptions to the general prohibition on the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity and the political independence of any state , or in any manner which is inconsistent with the purposes of the United Nations , Article 2 ( 4 ) of the UN Charter . Determining how wide the scope of the right to self-defense is significant in light of the central role played by Article 2 ( 4 ) . Martin Dixon calls this provision one of the central obligations of the Charter , stating that it has now attained the status of jus cogens . The prohibition on the unilateral use of force has been affirmed several times i.e. , by the ICJ in the Palestinian Wall Advisory Opinion ( 2004 ) , Congo v Uganda ( 2005 ) , Ethiopia v Eritrea ( 2006 ) , Guyana v Suriname ( 2007 ) . In Nicaragua v USA ( 1986 ) , the ICJ noted that this provision represents customary international law .
The right to self-defense exists under customary international law and may be traced to the Caroline Case ( 1837 ) . The correspondence between the US Secretary of State Webster and British officials made two , significant points on which both sides agreed ;
i . ) There must be a necessity of self-defense at the start , which must be instant , overwhelming and leave no choice or means and no moment for deliberation .
ii . ) The act done in self-defense must be proportionate to the harm threatened and must not be unreasonable or excessive .
Dixon notes that , under international law , there are four main situations where a right to self-defense arises ;
a . ) In response to a direct and ongoing attack e.g. , by Kuwait against Iraq ( 1990 ) .
b . ) In anticipation of an armed attack or threat to the state 's security , so that a state may strike first with force to neutralise an immediate , potential threat to its security . This was argued by Israel in its strike against an Iraqi nuclear reactor in 1981 .
c. ) In response to a threatened or actual attack against state interests , such as territory , nationals , property and rights guaranteed under international law , relied on by Israel against Uganda in the Entebbe Airport case 1977 and by the US-led states in their invasions of Afghanistan and Iraq to counter the terrorist threat .
d. ) Where the attack does not involve measures of armed force , e.g. , economic aggression and propaganda ..
Anticipatory self-defense is where a state may respond to an imminent , armed attack before it occurs . A pre-emptive attack is where the armed attack is not imminent but may take place in the future
Dixon notes that of these four situations , only the first elicits the right to self-defense ; the old customary law is superseded by Article 51 .
Article 51 states that there exists an ‘ inherent right of individual and collective self-defense ' if an armed attack occurs against a Member of the UN , until the UNSC has taken measures necessary to maintain international peace and security .
This Article recognises that the right of self-defense is a necessary exception to the fundamental principle in Article 2 ( 4 ) . However , it is the UN which decides whether a claim of self-defense is legitimate or not . Failure to report was addressed by the ICJ in the Nicaragua case , where it stated that the absence of a report may indicate whether the State was convinced that it was acting in self-defense . This is a procedural requirement . Failure to comply will not render a claim invalid but , as per Alina Kaczorowska-Ireland , this warning has been taken seriously by a number of states . There are deep divisions over whether or not this is to be interpreted widely or broadly , especially following the 9/11 attacks . This is illustrated by the current , ongoing debate on whether the right to anticipatory self-defense is permitted under international law .
Alina Kaczorowska-Ireland distinguishes between anticipatory and pre-emptive self-defense . Anticipatory self-defense is where a state may respond to an imminent , armed attack before it occurs . A pre-emptive attack is where the armed attack is not imminent but may take place in the future and , thus , the state responds before the attacker can . US appears to be supporting the permissive interpretation of Article 51 . ( As in the case of North Korea ) If the reason for US justification to attack North Korea is based on North Korean nuclear weapons and ballistic missile existence ; who decides that the possession actually does create a danger of imminent attack or that it was created with an intention to attack the US ? The path that US appears to be following in North Korean case , lays down a very dangerous precedent for any nation acting against another nation based on non-aggressive factors under the umbrella of the permissive doctrine .
Kaczorowska-Ireland distinguishes between anticipatory and pre-emptive self-defense . Anticipatory self-defense is where a state may respond to an imminent , armed attack before it occurs . A pre-emptive attack is where the armed attack is not imminent but may take place in the future and , thus , the state responds before the attacker can . The permissive doctrine states that the right to use force has not been taken away by Article 2 ( 4 ) absolutely and , therefore , the customary right of self-defense under international law was never abolished .
The restrictive interpretation of Article 51 states that this provision is the only exception to Article 2 ( 4 ) .
“ To be sure , the United States might still use force to try to curb North Korea 's nuclear threat . This scenario would try the jus ad bellum 's resilience and the United States ' commitment to it . Though the United States has violated the jus ad bellum before , it has also consistently engaged with and demonstrated its overall support for the regime . I argued last month that there are reasons to believe that the Trump administration will be different . Alternatively , the United States might forego military action against North Korea . In this event , North Korea 's nuclear program would still present a serious security threat . And again , the United States would be , at least for the moment , poorly positioned to lead a broad-based , multilateral initiative to contain that threat . Unless other countries step into the breach , the situation on the Korean Peninsula is likely to deteriorate even further. ” Monica Hakimi ( 2017 )
BERLIN ( AP ) — A fire alarm inside a railway tunnel being built under the Austrian Alps prompted workers briefly to take shelter in an underground safety area Monday , a project manager said .
Eighteen people were working on a tunnel-boring machine inside the Brenner tunnel construction site when the alarm went off , said Konrad Bergmeister , the Austrian CEO of project management company BBT SE . It turned out to be a false alarm , they said .
They said a smoke sensor set off the alarm , prompting people to take shelter in a safety container , but workers quickly determined there was no fire or smoke . Electricians were working to determine the cause of the alarm .
Officials had earlier said the tunnel-boring machine had apparently caught fire or at least emitted smoke inside the tunnel .
The Brenner tunnel aims to link the Austrian city of Innsbruck and central Europe with northern Italy .
The Brenner Base Tunnel project , the main part of which is a 55-kilometer ( 34-mile ) connection between Innsbruck and Fortezza in northern Italy , is supposed to be completed in the mid-2020s . It will consist of two single-track tunnels as well as a third tunnel that will eventually help with drainage .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
April 27 Central Valley Community Bancorp
* Central Valley Community Bancorp to acquire Folsom Lake Bank
* Central Valley Community Bancorp and Folsom Lake Bank boards of directors have unanimously approved transaction
* Central Valley Community Bancorp will acquire Folsom Lake Bank in a stock merger
* Central Valley Community Bancorp - will acquire Folsom Lake Bank in a stock merger for 0.80 shares of Central Valley stock per Folsom Lake Bank share
* Deal for $ 33.6 million , or $ 18.74 per Folsom Lake Bank common share
* James Ford , president and CEO , will continue to lead combined team of professional bankers
* Central Valley Community Bancorp sees deal to be 1.8 % dilutive to tangible book value/share initially resulting in tangible book value earnback of less than 2.5 years
* Expects transaction will be 3 % accretive to earnings per share in 2018 and an irr greater than 15 %
* Central Valley Community Bancorp- Robert Flautt , president , CEO of Folsom Lake Bank will join Central Valley Community Bank through transition period
* Central Valley Community Bancorp- directors , certain executives of Folsom Lake entered into agreements to vote their shares of Folsom Lake in favor of deal Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
The headliner is a rematch of former lightweight champion and world No . 3 Eddie Alvarez and No . 4 Dustin Poirier . Their bout a year ago in Dallas ended in a no-contest when Alvarez illegally kneed Poirier in the head .
Both fighters are angling for a shot at the title , currently held by undefeated Russian Khabib Nurmagomedov
For Alvarez ( 29-5 and one no-contest ) , this is their last fight on their current contract .
`` I enjoy putting everything on the line . I do really well in those situations , '' the 34-year-old said . `` As I get older and I understand myself more and how I perform more , I am purposefully putting myself in those situations because I know how to respond .
`` The winner of this fight is fighting for the world title next . That 's what on the line , but what 's always on the line is my skin and my name . My name and putting Dustin Poirier 's name in my resume . Another champion and formidable opponent conquered . ''
Alvarez contends Poirier ( 23-5 and one no-contest ) wanted to quit their last bout and that only one of three their knees to Poirier 's head was illegal .
`` Anything they say I think he 's trying to save face or make themselves feel better about what happened , but I 'm just glad they signed again because we 've been trying to get this rematch for over a year now , '' said Poirier , 29 .
`` There are a lot of big things riding on this fight for me . I believe one hundred per cent that a win over Eddie Alvarez at this point in my career puts me in line for the next shot at the world title . ''
Brazil 's Jose Aldo versus Erik Koch was to be the premiere fight in Calgary in 2012 when Aldo was featherweight champ , but both men were too injured to battle .
Aldo , now No . 2 with a career 26-4 record , gets another chance in Calgary as the co-main bout with No . 4 Jeremy Stephens ( 28-14 ) .
The top women 's fight features world No . 1 strawweight Joanna Jedrzejczyk ( 14-2 ) and No . 5 Tecia Torres ( 10-2 ) .
`` The quality of those six athletes in those three fights are ranked in the top five , '' Shaw said . `` Each of those could be a main event on a standard fight night . ''
Homegrown fighters on the undercard include Calgary 's Hakeem Dawodu ( 7-1-1 ) versus Austin Arnett ( 15-5 ) , as well as Jordan Mein of Lethbridge , Alta. , ( 30-12 ) taking on Alex Morono ( 14-4 , one no-contest ) .
By Donna Spencer , The Canadian Press
click to enlarge
Old-Fashioned Bigotry
The Thomas Nast political cartoon cited in `` Artful Resistance '' ( Feb. 8 ) as `` speaking truth to power '' was anything but . It was propaganda of the anti–Irish Catholic kind . Nast was fiercely anti-Catholic and a vocal opponent of New York 's Democratic political machine , Tammany Hall . That 1871 cartoon in Harper 's Weekly depicted Catholic bishops as alligators attacking public school children and their teacher . In the background , lest anyone doubt Nast 's intended targets , Tammany Hall is portrayed as St. Peter 's basilica in Rome , with Irish and Papal flags . Truth to power ? I call it nativist , anti-immigrant bigotry .
Via Bohemian.com
Sessions Session
Thank you for reporting this ( Fishing Report , Feb.8 ) . It appears our sheriff is diametrically opposed to the will of the people of Sonoma County , but I guess that is nothing new .
Via Bohemian.com
Thanks for at least asking the questions . As a community , we need to keep pressing to hold these people accountable and actually answer the questions they are being asked .
Via Bohemian.com
You 're Hired
My old prayers are n't working anymore . A friend tries to reassure me with their cosmic view : `` We are all a part of one another from the beginning of time to now . This rain falling could be Caesar 's piss . '' They believe we are all responsible for the election results . No way . I 've been working for the underdogs since I learned to howl . Now I find myself at the front of the dog sled , straining in harness and suffocating in the deep snow . No , I wo n't go to the public demonstrations anymore . What do they accomplish ? Get a little mob-rule stimulation surging in our veins ? Then go home and binge-watch TV shows ? Nope . I think we need to get specific . Real specific . What can I do right now to make a difference ?
Here 's my new prayer : Let us pick one noble or modest cause— environmental , political , whatever we care deeply about and commit to that cause for the rest of our lives . The business of our lives must include our chosen citizen avocation , and we must go after it with the same zeal we have for our career , art , family , home or car . So get fired up ! We are all hired by the citizen council . The returns on our investments begin accumulating now . Step right up and sign on the dotted line and never give up . Amen .
Sanoma
Dept . of Corrections
In the Debriefer item of Feb. 1 , `` KOWS Crushed , '' we erroneously reported that the city of Sebastopol had denied a permit to KOWS to site its antenna in town . The Sebastopol city council issued a permit to allow for the antenna , but pressure from community activists opposed to it served to nix the proposed project .
Write to us at letters @ bohemian.com .
MONROE ( WWJ ) – A 58-year-old LaSalle Township man is jailed on multiple felony charges after they allegedly attacked a pair of female visitors to this home .
According to Monroe County Sheriff Dale Malone , the victims — a 55-year-old woman and a 45-year-old woman , both from Monroe Township — had been invited to the suspect 's house , in the 2900 block of Clayton Street , early Monday morning .
Just about five minutes after they arrived the suspect “ for unknown reasons ” attacked the older victim with a sword , Malone said , causing a significant laceration to their face . They fled to a neighbor 's house to call 911 . The younger victim was then sexually assaulted by the suspect , Malone , said , before they were able to flee to another neighbor 's home .
Multiple deputies responded found the suspect driving away from the scene . After a short pursuit , the suspect crashed at Cousino Road and South Dixie Highway , and was arrested .
The 55-year-old victim was taken to St. Vincent 's Hospital in Toledo were they underwent emergency , Malone said . The 45-year-old victim was transported to ProMedica Monroe Hospital for treatment of minor injuries .
The suspect remains lodged at the Monroe County Jail awaiting an arraignment on assault with intent to murder and other charges . Their name is being withheld pending an arraignment .
As an investigation continues , anyone with information is asked to call Det . Mike McClain at 734-240-7530 .
OTTAWA — The Supreme Court of Canada says records detailing the abuse of former residential school students can eventually be destroyed .
The unanimous high court ruling today brings clarity to an issue that pitted the privacy of victims against the importance of documenting a dark chapter in Canada 's relations with Indigenous Peoples .
Students provided accounts of physical , sexual and emotional abuse as part of an independent assessment process to provide compensation — a program that flowed from a major 2006 settlement agreement .
The Supreme Court upheld a lower court ruling that said the material should be destroyed after 15 years , though individuals could agree to have their stories preserved at the National Centre for Truth and Reconciliation in Winnipeg .
“ Lean , clean and green John Deere tractors , a combine and equipment ” was the special auction offering advertised on 580 WIBW radio .
“ Bidders came from 13 states , Kansas throughout the Midwest to the East Coast , ” said Dave Webb of Webb & Associates Auctions & Appraisal at Stilwell .
It was the farm retirement auction for Mr. and Mrs. Marvin Gretencord near Princeton in Franklin Country .
With a “ Good day ” from Col. Webb , the auction opened with a pledge of allegiance and prayer .
“ It was a cloudy Saturday morning in eastern Kansas with a brisk north wind , but that did n't prevent the buyers for this type of equipment from attending , ” Webb said . “ There were people in attendance from three years old to 80 years of age .
“ People came from many miles around with pickups lined up as far as the eye could see up and down the road , ” according to Webb .
“ Many others took part in on-line bidding from far distance states to purchase the well cared for equipment in this auction , ” they added .
“ Bidding was brisk for the quality equipment , and values were strong for good equipment , ” Webb verified .
An added attraction for many attending the auction was the display of sale bills Marvin Gretencord had saved from farm auctions for their grandparents , parents , uncles and great uncles .
“ You could see what they were selling typical of the era with the items sold , ” Webb pointed out . “ Mr . Gretencord then included their sale bill in the group to show a complete family history of auctions . ”
Dave and Wendy Webb visited with Mr. and Mrs. Gretencord at end of the very successful , satisfying farm retirement auction .
× Dense fog blankets San Diego coastal areas
SAN DIEGO – Dense fog along the San Diego County coastline could slow down the morning commute Wednesday .
A National Weather Service dense fog advisory for the coastal areas will expire at 8 a.m. , around the same time the fog is expected to dissipate . The advisory applies to the cities of Carlsbad , Chula Vista , Encinitas , National City , San Diego and Vista .
Forecasters said the fog “ should be quick to clear out , but will negatively impact the coastal commute this morning. ” Visibility could possibly drop to a quarter-mile or less .
Drivers were urged to slow down , use their low beams and stay well back from vehicles ahead of them .
Patchy fog is expected to develop along the coast again overnight , according to the weather service .
Members of the nomadic Bajau people often spend up to five hours a day underwater . They 're hunting for fish , octopus and other seafood .
And they do n't even use diving gear .
So what 's their secret ?
New research suggests this extraordinary diving ability is due to a special trait the Bajau have developed : larger spleens .
The Bajau — who mostly live in the Philippines , Malaysia and Indonesia and are nicknamed `` sea nomads '' for their houseboats and seaborne lifestyle — have spleens 50 percent larger than average , according to a study published in Cell this month . ( In case you 're wondering , an average spleen weighs about 5.3 ounces and at its longest point is about 4 inches long . )
`` I 'm not sure anyone was really expecting to get a positive result , simply because these kinds of adaptations are relatively rare in modern humans , '' says Melissa Ilardo , a doctoral student at the University of Copenhagen who studied the Bajau .
These enlarged spleens could explain how the sea nomads hold their breath for so long underwater .
`` I was told by one diver that in their youth they could dive for 13 minutes , '' Ilardo says . And the Bajau have been observed to go 229 feet deep .
Average humans usually ca n't go longer than one to two minutes holding their breath underwater . That 's where spleen size could make a difference .
`` The spleen has a reservoir of oxygenated red blood cells , '' explains Rasmus Nielsen , a population geneticist at University of California , Berkeley who led the new study . `` When individuals go diving , it contracts and these oxygenated red blood cells are released into the bloodstream . ''
Underwater , these red blood cells continue to distribute oxygen to organs to maintain basic human function . A larger spleen means the Bajau have a higher reservoir of red blood cells and can stay underwater longer . In fact , Nielsen estimates a 50 percent larger spleen amounts to 10 percent more red blood cells to exploit when diving .
The researchers made the discovery after traveling to maritime Southeast Asia and personally measuring the spleens of 59 Bajau , both male and female , using a portable ultrasound . Although they do n't do much spearfish , women dive to collect clams , seaweed and sea cucumbers . The measurements were then compared to 34 unrelated individuals living in a neighboring community that does n't spend much time diving .
Mouth swabs were also collected from villagers for DNA analysis . The results further confirmed the findings , revealing a genetic mutation in the Bajau 's PDE10A gene that may increase spleen size . Mutations in this gene are known to affect thyroid hormone levels in humans . Studies in mice have shown that increased thyroid hormone levels are tied to larger spleens .
`` I think the study is very compelling , '' said J. Koji Lum , an anthropologist at Binghamton University who has studied Pacific island populations and was not involved in the study . `` The authors did a good job generating and analyzing diverse data to demonstrate genetic selection and physiological adaptation to breath holding in the Bajau . ''
Still , they say , more evidence is needed .
Lum would like to see spleens measured in more landlubbers versus Bajau populations to confirm the size difference . He 'd also like to a see a larger number of participants in future studies .
They add , `` The conclusions reached would be much strengthened if this [ genetic ] pattern is found to be regionally widespread and correlates with [ people 's ] time , depth and degree of reliance on sea resources obtained through free diving . ''
In the future , Nielsen hopes to confirm that levels of thyroid hormone are indeed elevated in Bajau and that their red blood cell concentrations change when diving .
Nielsen says that the Bajau diving lifestyle is `` dying out '' — for several reasons — and that spending such a long amount of time diving is more and more unusual .
They 've switched from making their boats fro a light wood ( from a noew endangered tree ) to a heavier wood , explains Ilardo . These boats need engines , which means the Bajau need money to buy fuel . `` This contributes to a cycle where the nomadic , diving-based lifestyle is no longer feasible , '' Ilardo says .
What 's more , `` there is tremendous pressure on the Bajau to provide the majority of seafood for that region of Asia , '' Ilardo says . As a result , they 're moving from traditional diving to more commercial ways to catch fish .
The Bajau are also giving up the nomadic lifestyle — there are `` stigmas associated with being nomadic , '' says Ilardo — and becoming more settling down in one place . This change leads to being `` accepted by local cultures . This in turn leads to government aid , education , citizenship . ''
Ilardo has seen estimates that put the remaining Bajau at one million . Jaya Bakti , the Bajau village on the island of Sulawesi in Indonesia where spleen size was measured , has a population of about 5,000 .
So is it possible that this unique genetic trait could just disappear ?
Not exactly .
`` If the Bajau population stops diving completely but nothing else changes , they will keep their big spleens for an indefinite amount of time , '' Ilardo says . `` There is no force of natural selection acting to 'undo ' the big spleen adaptation . ''
If they were to mix with other populations , genetics would determine whether their children would inherit the adaptation .
The researchers say that studying how people adapt to extreme environments could have long-term benefits for medical care — in this case , how people deal with sudden drops in oxygen levels .
Nadia Whitehead is a freelance journalist and a science writer at Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center El Paso . Them work has appeared in Science , The Washington Post and NPR . Find them on Twitter @ NadiaMacias .
At the age of 16 Herman 's activities had already been picked up by the judicial authorities . They were locked up in a closed youth detention centre outside Brussels . In 2005 they are sentenced to 30 months in jail following a conviction for GBH and burglary . Two years later they get 12 months for drugs related offences plus an extra four months on account of their recalcitrant behaviour . Three years is their sentence in 2008 for violent theft and resisting arrest . In 2009 they enjoy penitential leave for 16 hours for a first time . They will enjoy penitential leave on 14 occasions during their jail career . A further 16 months in jail is their lot in 2010 for GBH and resisting arrest .
At the end of 2015 Herman switches to a limited detention regime : he 's allowed out during the day but must return to prison at night . This is ended in 2016 after they fail to return to jail in the evenings . In 2016 Herman is given a further 12 months for theft , but is again awarded penitential leave in 2016 .
On Monday of this week Herman leaves prison thanks to their penitential leave permit . He 's enjoyed this on 13 occasions in the past without any problems . This time it goes wrong and the spate of killings begins .
PLAINVILLE , Mass . ( AP ) — Nearly 13,000 gamblers have signed up for a unique gambling addiction prevention effort being tested at Massachusetts ' first casino .
According to a report submitted Wednesday to the Massachusetts Gaming Commission , the “ Play My Way ” program at Plainridge Park Casino has enrolled 12,670 players since its launch last June .
That 's about 10 percent of eligible patrons at the Plainville slots parlor and harness racing track . Of those , 10,857 are still actively using the program , which allows players to voluntarily set a spending budget before they gamble .
The initiative is considered the first of its kind in the country . Similar systems have been tried in Australia , Canada , Norway , Sweden and elsewhere .
Harvard Medical School and Cambridge Health Alliance researchers are evaluating the program . They 're expected to release their initial findings in August .
The Three Peaks Challenge is one of the most popular walking events in the UK . The aim is to cover the three highest peaks in England , Scotland and Wales , and do so in under 24 hours .
There are many forms of the Three Peaks Challenge , with people choosing different routes , different timings and different plans .
However you are doing it , here are some of the best tips and tricks and kit to help you tackle the challenge .
What you take will depend on your experience and your aims , but as a starting point for beginners , we can break it down into some of the most important elements . This is n't an exhaustive list , but having completed the Three Peaks Challenge - powered by the Asus Zenfone 5 - in both high heat and severe rain , here are some recommendations .
Your feet are the most important thing when walking and the critical thing is to find a solution that works for you . Most walkers choose a good pair of boots with plenty of support - especially important if you 're going to be walking at night when you can easily put a foot wrong .
We 'd personally recommend the Berghaus GTX walking boots . They are solid with good grip , waterproof and breathable , while being comfortable on long walking days .
We 'd also recommend the Merrell Moab boots . These are lighter - more like wearing trainers - but are again waterproof and breathable . The soles are a little softer than the Berghaus , however , so if you walk on paved surfaces a lot they 'll wear a little faster .
For socks you really need to find something that works for you , your feet and the fit of your ( broken in ) boots . That might be a standard sports sock , that might be thin liners and a thicker outer , that might be one pair of decent walking socks .
We 'd happily recommend the Bridgedale Trekker socks , but the best advice is to experiment with your footwear to find the best solution for you . Certainly , on an event like the Three Peaks , you 'll want to change your socks for each climb .
We 've also tried the Quechua Arpenaz 50 socks from Decathlon which are a lot more affordable and come in a pack of two .
You might also want to look at taping up your feet or smearing your toes in Vaseline if you are prone to blisters , but definitely deal with any hot spots on your feet as soon as you feel them coming on .
When it comes to dealing with blisters , again experience helps . We 've always found the best practise is to drain any fluid and then tape the area with zinc oxide tape . That just needs a sterile needle , so some antiseptic wipes are worth having to keep everything clean .
Walking clothes have evolved in recent years from hardwearing to more like sportswear . Best of all , `` technical '' garments are now cheaper to source , with companies like Decathlon offering affordable options . You need to look for something that wicks the moisture away , so avoid heavy cottons .
When it comes to legwear , a flexible pair of walking trousers is ideal . Whatever the conditions , something like the Forclaz 500 trousers from Decathlon give you protection , while being flexible enough to not restrict your movements .
Alternatively , you might take a sportier approach , with compression wear , for example . The Under Armour Vanish leggings are excellent , combining well with the Vanish shorts - which we highly recommend . If the weather is warm , then just wear shorts !
Time for a glowing endorsement . The @ UnderArmour Vanish shorts are so comfortable , so easy to wear , great deep pockets , wicking so they do n't get sweaty - I wore them up three mountains and they were superb . This is n't even an advert ! https : //t.co/OkHfak5HRa pic.twitter.com/XKDzmm2gTi — Chris Hall ( @ christhall ) June 28 , 2018
On your top you 'll want to be comfortable and use layers so you can remove garments to regulate temperature . We 'd recommend wearing something wicking next to your skin , like a sports t-shirt .
For more warmth you might want to add something with long sleeves , like the Forclaz Techwool 190 from Decathlon . This is a Merino wool top , so lightweight and warm , but not hugely expensive .
Naturally , you might want to top it off with a fleece . Fleece has the advantage of drying quickly , being very lightweight and packing small into your backpack . There are loads out there at a full range of prices .
The weather can quickly change in the mountains and while the valley might be calm , the hilltops can be completely different . Having good waterproofs is essential .
Your jacket might be the biggest investment , although for summer walkers there are lighter options that will serve you well . Make sure it 's waterproof and breathable . At the affordable end of the spectrum you have something like the Quechua MH100 jacket that you can get for less than £30 .
If you 're going to be using your jacket a lot , you 'll get more features for your money and you can probably spend as much money as you have . We 've previously used Berghaus Hydroshell jackets and there 's a range of models on offer .
Waterproof trousers or gaiters are also recommended if the weather is going to turn . Keeping your legs dry can be key to keeping your boots dry . Walking in waterproof trousers can be hot work , in which case a pair of gaiters might serve you well . If you 're buying waterproof trousers , then need to fit well to give you room to walk without restricting your movement .
Remember that the wind can make it very cold , even in summer , so hat and gloves need to go in your bag too . On the flipside , you 'll want a hat to keep the sun off and remember your sun cream .
Fully dressed and ready to go , you 'll want some essentials with you up the mountains and the biggest thing is going to be water . The most convenient solution is to have a water bladder and many bags now have a section to accommodate such a bladder .
You do n't need a bag that 's too big , you want something light but with plenty of support . For the Three Peaks Challenge , you only need the supplies to get you up and down the mountain , so something like the Karrimor Superlight 20 is ideal . Look for a bag with a padded waist belt to give you a little more support .
Water bladders are easy to come by , the name you 'll recognise is Camelback and they are widely available . The advantage they have is that you can just drink through the tube , rather than having to constantly get out a water bottle and put it away again . Do n't put anything in them apart from water - because cleaning out any other drink will be difficult .
With water taken care of you 'll need enough food to keep you going so you can snack on the way . You should also have some basic emergency equipment too in your team , like a survival bag , first aid kit and a whistle at the very least .
Finally , we 'd recommend walking poles . This helps to shift some of the load from your legs to your arms and when you 're tired , that can give you an advantage . Poles also provide support on rough ground and descent . You can spend a lot of money on poles , but we 'd recommend these basic poles on Amazon - they work perfectly well .
The Three Peaks Challenge is fairly easy when it comes to navigation - there are clear paths up each of the mountains , but also hazards , so stick to those paths and do n't be tempted to look for shortcuts .
We 'd always recommend you have a map to hand to check the terrain , but in the case of the Three Peaks , it 's fairly hard to get lost in daylight . Even so , we 'd recommend you examine maps for the region so you know where you 're going . Ordnance Survey has a Three Peaks map especially for the job .
We 'd also recommend you invest in a compass , because they work no matter what conditions you 're in . Silva is the brand to look out for , but more important is that you know how to use it .
When it comes to walking in the dark , however , a good headtorch is worth its weight in gold . There are lots out there , but it 's worth spending a little more to ensure it 's going to be waterproof and bright . We 're fans of the Petzl torches , some even have a built-in safety whistle . But do n't be scared to walk by moonlight in good conditions . If visibility is poor , then some lightsticks will help you keep track of your team .
Smartphones naturally have a lot to offer . While battery life , reception and waterproofing means they 're not entirely dependable in an emergency ( hence the map , compass and whistle ) , you 'll need your phone for sharing photos you take . There 's reception on all the mountains , although it 's a little patchy on some networks towards the bottom of the hills .
But when travelling between the mountains , Google Maps is always useful to see where you are , as well as being able to communicate between different vehicles . We took the Zenfone 5 on our latest Three Peaks Challenge .
Your sports watch is also a useful companion . While many wo n't make it through the whole day ( you might have to change on the move ) , the great thing about GPS-equipped watches is you can track your route after the event and see how you got on . Some will also deliver a grid reference so you can check where you are on the map . We used a range , but for sports tracking we 'd recommend something from Garmin .
Now you have a good helping tips to ensure you have the right kit , all you need to do next is plan the logistics - your route , your meals , your transport and your timings !
Roberto Deiaco , the former executive chef at Armani/Ristorante 5th Avenue , has opened a new restaurant in Manhattan 's midtown . Dubbed Avena , the restaurant was inspired by their Italian upbringing and their years of experience cooking for Giorgio 's Armani Restaurant . # wwdeye ( 📷 : @ lightboxer )
By The Associated Press
LONDON ( AP ) — Budget airline Ryanair is calling on British airports to curb alcohol sales following sharp increases in the number of incidents involving disruptive passengers .
The carrier issued a statement Monday calling for a ban on alcohol sales before 10 a.m. and for limiting the number of drinks in bars and restaurants to a maximum of two .
The airline cited Civil Aviation Authority statistics showing a 600 percent increase in disruptive incidents between 2012-2016 and said most involved alcohol .
Ryanair 's Kenny Jacobs says it 's unfair “ that airports can profit from the unlimited sale of alcohol to passengers and leave the airlines to deal with the safety consequences . ”
The airline says it has taken steps to prevent disruptive behavior on its flights , including preventing consumption of duty-free alcohol purchases on board .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Lithium acetate is a salt which is formed by the combination of lithium and acetic acid . Lithium acetate is used as a catalyst in the production process of acrylic polymer , polyester , and alkyd resin . It is employed as an additive in textiles to improve lubricity and dying-ability . Moreover , it decreases luster . The range of products of lithium acetate is known for its low electrical conductivity . Lithium acetate is widely utilized in the textile industry , as raw material for pharmaceuticals , in the production of antistatic fibers , stabilization of polyvinyl chloride , and catalyst polymerization .
Request Report Brochure @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=24803
A major application of lithium acetate is yeast transformation . The negative charges on the DNA molecule that has to be transformed is neutralized by the lithium ions and phospholipid bilayer of the yeast cell may form small holes in the plasma membrane that allows the passage of nucleic acids . Lithium acetate or LiC2 is used as a product for drug formulation and therapy , buffer for gel electrophoresis of DNA and RNA , additive or catalyst for textliles and polymer production , and precursor material for batteries .
Lithium acetate is currently available in two forms : anhydrous and dihydrate . Anhydrous lithium acetate is obtained by heating commercial lithium acetate till the melting point of anhydrous salt , and then cooling it very slowly . The crystals are covered to prevent hydration . Different lithium acetate hydrates can be obtained by hydration of lithium acetate , also by slow evaporation . The solvent used in this process is isopropanol . Anhydrous lithium acetate is utilized in the treatment of bipolar disease and also acts as a mood stabilizer . More applications of lithium compounds are restricted due to narrow band of therapeutic range , as little increase in serum concentrations can lead to serious toxic reaction .
Read Report Overview @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/lithium-acetate-market.html
The lithium acetate market is mainly driven by the pharmaceutical and textile industries . Expansion of the textile or pharmaceutical industries is likely to be a major factor for expansion of the market , as lithium acetate is widely used by these industries . It is preferred over other materials in the market due to its exceptional physical property of low electrical conductivity , thereby voltage can be increased without affecting the gel temperature much . This speeds up the electrophoresis process . Furthermore , lithium acetate is utilized in the electronics industry . It is used as source of lithium where it is helpful in the production of lithium-ion battery . It is widely employed in all electronic gadgets and as a rechargeable source of power .
About Us
Transparency Market Research ( TMR ) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services . The company 's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers . TMR 's experienced team of analysts , researchers , and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information .
TMR 's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information . With extensive research and analysis capabilities , Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports .
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower ,
90 State Street ,
Suite 700 ,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel : +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free : 866-552-3453
Email : sales @ transparencymarketresearch.com
Website : http : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com
OMAHA ( DTN ) — Ethanol and agriculture groups sued the EPA on Tuesday in response to the agency 's recent approval of small-refinery waivers from the Renewable Fuel Standard granted in recent years , according to a lawsuit filed in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit in Denver .
The Renewable Fuels Association , National Corn Growers Association , American Coalition for Ethanol and National Farmers Union , with support of Farmers Union Enterprises , sued EPA on three recent waivers granted , arguing the agency did not publish in the Federal Register what were final actions by the agency .
In the petition , the groups said they are challenging agency actions made “ under unusually clandestine proceedings ” to exempt refineries in Wynnewood , Oklahoma ; Cheyenne , Wyoming ; and Woods Cross , Utah .
“ Because EPA never published the exemption letters or determinations , in the Federal Register or otherwise , and the coalition thus does not have actual notice of EPA 's determinations within the meaning of the statute , the 60-day period for filing a petition for review did not begin to run and the time period set forth for unpublished determinations is not applicable to the Coalition , ” the petition said .
The Wynnewood refinery is owned by a subsidiary of CVR Energy , and the Cheyenne and Woods Cross refineries are owned by HollyFrontier Corporation . CVR Energy is owned by energy billionaire Carl Icahn . For a time , Icahn served as an adviser to President Donald Trump and recommended the hiring of Scott Pruitt as EPA administrator . Icahn also sought RFS reforms when counseling the president .
The EPA granted at least 40 such waivers for 2016 and 2017 renewable volume obligations , and indications are the agency has received what would be a record number of waiver requests for 2018 , including from large oil companies .
Rather than challenge the agency 's authority to grant waivers , the groups said the three refineries named are examples of the agency 's “ abuses ” of the authority .
“ EPA should be forced to explain why an otherwise profitable refinery faces disproportionate hardship from compliance with the RFS , ” the groups said in a news release .
“ We want EPA to explain why it is reasonable for HollyFrontier , which apparently could not afford to comply with the RFS , could nonetheless afford to undertake a $ 1 billion stock share repurchase program during the same time — and that 's before the company received over $ 300 million in tax cuts last year . Likewise , the petitioners would like to understand how EPA could find hardship at CVR Energy , which reported a $ 23 million profit in the biofuels credit market in the first quarter of 2018 due to what it called a lower RFS obligation . ”
The agency has taken heat on how it defines “ hardship ” when it granted waivers . The ethanol industry and others have maintained the waivers were not designed for oil companies that report billions of dollars in profits .
According to a news release , the companies estimated in financial statements the waivers saved them $ 170 million in compliance costs .
“ When Congress enacted the RFS program a decade ago , it sought to protect certain small refineries from the law 's impacts temporarily by providing an exemption for refineries with no more than 75,000 barrels per day of crude oil throughput , ” the news release said .
The groups added , “ Until late last year , EPA only granted a handful of exemptions per year . EPA denied many extension requests , presumably because the refineries failed to meet one or more of these requirements for an extension . In recent months , EPA has granted over two dozen exemptions — including the ones challenged here — without providing any basis for its reversal . ”
Large companies like Marathon Petroleum are taking their chances in filing for waivers , largely based on recent agency action to step up the number of waivers granted in the past two years . The wave of requests has continued based on a couple of things .
First , a court recently ruled the EPA should have been granting exemptions all along . Second , Congressional budget reporting language attached to appropriations bills during the past three years essentially opened wide the door to any refiner to receive an exemption . That language basically forbids EPA from considering a company 's financial returns when granting so-called hardship waivers .
The law only allows refiners that produce 75,000 barrels per day or less to qualify for waivers . Marathon 's smallest refinery produces about 93,000 barrels per day . Other large refiners have filed for waivers .
“ EPA is trying to undermine the RFS program under the cover of night , ” said Bob Dinneen , CEO and president of RFA . Dinneen added , “ With the little information we 've been able to piece together through secondary sources , it 's clear that EPA has been extending these exemptions to refineries that did n't qualify for them . ”
Brian Jennings , CEO of ACE , said the agency “ left us no choice ” but to file a lawsuit because the EPA has made “ systematic cuts to ethanol blending in the U.S. by distorting the intent of the law to grant secret hardship waivers to refineries , which in some cases exceed the definition of ‘ small ' and fall short of demonstrating ‘ disproportionate economic hardship , ' ”
The groups said in a news release the EPA “ consistently rejected all attempts to bring greater transparency to the small refinery exemption extension process ” including refusals to respond to Freedom of Information Act requests for “ the most basic information ” about waivers .
Kevin Skunes , president of the National Corn Growers Association , said in a statement the agency has a difficult time justifying granting the waivers to companies making billions in profits .
“ America 's corn farmers , who are expecting their fifth-consecutive year of low commodity prices and who are experiencing the lowest net-farm incomes since 2006 , understand economic challenges , ” Skunes said . “ When refineries are reporting profit increases and repurchasing stock shares , we expect EPA to explain why these refineries were granted exemptions from their RFS volume obligations . ”
A study completed by the Renewable Fuels Association estimates about 1.6 billion gallons of ethanol may not have been blended in 2016 and 2017 as a result of the waivers .
1. Who was announced as the new presenter of The Sunday Game when Michael Lyster steps down after this season ? INPHO Darren Frehill Marty Morrissey
Joanne Cantwell Evanne Ní Chuilinn
2 . Russia 's agriculture ministry this week warned World Cup games could be attacked by what ? PA Farmers Locusts
Killer bees Hooligans
3 . Matthieu Jalibert will make their debut at out-half for France against Ireland on Saturday . What age is he ? PA 19 20
21 22
4 . Blake Griffin was traded from the Clippers to which NBA team in a shock move on Tuesday ? PA Detroit Pistons Cleveland Cavaliers
Golden State Warriors LA Lakers
5 . Which UFC fighter signed a full-time deal with the WWE this week ? Holly Holm Nate Diaz
Conor McGregor Ronda Rousey
6 . Offaly secured a 13 point win over Dublin at Croke Park on Saturday . When was their last victory at the venue ? INPHO 2003 2005
2007 2009
7 . After 313 days out , Seamus Coleman made their Premier League return against which side on Wednesday ? PA Liverpool Manchester United
Leicester City Newcastle United
8 . Megan Williams will make their debut on the right wing in Ireland 's Six Nations opener with France on Saturday . What province do they play for ? INPHO Ulster Munster
Leinster Connacht
9 . Which team won the men 's National Cup at the National Basketball Arena last weekend ? INPHO UCD Marian Griffith College Swords Thunder
Pyrobel Killester Black Amber Templeogue
The 32-year-old television personality spoke to 21-year-old clairvoyant Tyler Henry on their show 'Hollywood Medium with Tyler Henry ' , and the psychic told the 'Keeping Up With the Kardashians ' star they have to take extra care with their health because they kept seeing visions of skin during their meeting , which they claimed is a sign of skin cancer .
Khloé Kardashian has been warned they have a `` susceptibility '' to melanoma .
Speaking during Wednesday 's episode of the E ! programme , Tyler said : `` OK this just came through really strongly . Skin , I 'm seeing skin , I 'm referencing to what looks like melanoma .
`` I 'm getting a reference to three separate situations that I view as being problem areas . ''
And Tyler gave Khloé specific details about the potential problem areas , and warned them their back and their leg will be where the melanoma hits .
They continued : `` You have a susceptibility on your back and there 's a susceptibility on your leg and I need you to keep both in mind . This is huge . ''
Khloé 's youngest half-sister Kylie Jenner , 19 , also took part on the show , which saw them warned about their love life and the possibility of a former flame trying to rekindle a romance with them
Tyler said : `` With an individual from the past that you have been romantically involved with .
`` I basically see this individual coming in and out . And to me that generally indicates that this person is kind of in our lives , then kind of out of our lives .
`` The feeling is basically that we want to really set healthy boundaries and say , 'No , you ca n't kind of dip your toes in and leave when you want and really ca n't commit . ' ''
The Kylie Cosmetics founder split from their previous partner Tyga , 27 , earlier this year , and has since started dating fellow rapper Travis Scott , 25 , and they believe they know who the person Tyler was referring to is .
The beauty mogul replied : `` Yeah , I think I know who you 're talking about . ''
Bang Showbiz
Small talk for first-graders that 's based on real life
Each Monday in Didi 's class , the students make a weekend report that goes onto a flip chart . It 's a form of sharing , to get over their shyness , to practice public speaking , and to learn how to make small talk . The entries are also a window into what goes on during a family 's weekend , or rather — as I 've learned — a window into what a kid remembers .
Whenever I go by the classroom to volunteer or to meet with Didi 's teacher , I always check the chart , learning about how classmates camped in the backyard , visited their grandparents , or participated in sports .
Sometimes when I see Didi 's contributions , I cringe , just a bit : “ Visited Apple Store and played on iPad ” or “ played game on iPad . ”
They get a half hour of screen time every day , and it 's undeniably a highlight for him . One could argue that if they had screen time for hours on end , they would n't bother mentioning it ; it remains a treat . Even still , I feel guilty .
“ Do you ever take them to museums ? ” their teacher inquired .
Yes , I said . Art galleries , Maker Faires , hikes , the library , the neighborhood pool , trips to the beach and other excursions that have us barnstorming the nine counties of the Bay Area and beyond .
Their teacher suggested that I practice with them on what to say .
“ You want me to coach him ? ” I asked .
“ To help them make conversation , with their classmates , if they ask questions , ” they explained .
Small talk for first-graders ? It 's a skill — or is it art ? — that opens many kinds of relationships , personal and professional . And so , I started coaching Didi and Gege not only in the car on the way to school , but also at the moment we completed any activity that might be suitable for conversation fodder . There are times , however , when the activity captivates the boys so much that they immediately ask if and when we could return .
Over the long weekend , we visited the new Magritte exhibit at San Francisco Museum of Modern Art , filing in just after the museum opened , along with scores of parents and their children . It was like happy hour for families . We hustled through and played around on the interactive panels , but for Gege , Jim Campbell 's “ Tilted Plane ” was the most mesmerizing installation . Picture a grid of light bulbs strung at different heights . While your eyes adjust , it 's as if you 're traveling through hyperspace .
“ Wait until you get to the end and turn around , ” a man called out to us .
After our perspective shifted , our minds seemed to expand into infinity . Then we lay on our backs , taking in the view into another dimension .
As for Didi , cherry picking stirred them most . After breakfast , we 'd rushed out of the house to beat the heat and the crowds . A couple of the Brentwood orchards we considered visiting had to shut down temporarily , to wait for more cherries to ripen . I imagined branches picked clean , as if locusts had come through .
At the gate , workers issued us a plastic bucket and inside , Didi and Gege ran at full speed between the rows , where the cherries hung low and heavy . The temperatures were already rising and we looked for patches of shade where we might harvest cherries .
The boys plucked with glee , with a satisfying tug and snap of the stem , and the weight of the cherries felt good in the palms of our hands . They filled up the bucket so quickly that we told them to slow down , to search for the plumpest , reddest cherries . It was like an Easter egg hunt , made vertical , made healthy , and I wanted the boys to understand that their food came from somewhere , not always packaged in plastic and loaded into a market bag .
Though we 'd been told that the cherries were tart , and would be sweeter after the upcoming spell of warm weather , they were juicy and delicious eaten straight off the tree . At least that 's what my husband and I concurred . When the boys sampled cherries for the first time , they tightened their lips and rejected them .
Maybe we could try making a cherry pie , or jam , I said , which thrilled them . We gathered about three and a half pounds , and we decided to stop while the picking still seemed novel , rather than laborious . Later though , my mother , hoping for more , asked , “ That 's all ? ”
As we left the farm , more families arrived , speaking in Mandarin , Korean , Spanish , English and probably others , too . We had a common joy and excitement , clear in any language , that Didi could n't wait to share , too .
Vanessa Hua 's column appears Fridays in Datebook . Email : datebook @ sfchronicle.com
Non-Ionic Surfactants Market–Market Overview
Non-Ionic Surfactants are surface active wetting agents that helps to reduce water surface tension . These surfactants offer superior wetting & detergency , emulsification , rinseability , low toxicity , and good handling properties . Some of the most commonly used non-ionic surfactants includes ethoxylated alcohol & alky-phenols , fatty acid esters , and glycerol esters among others . The product finds application in cleaning , food additives , cosmetics & personal care products , coatings , and pharmaceuticals among others .
The Global Non-Ionic Surfactants Market is driven by rising demand for detergents form industries and households . The product is being increasingly used for hand dish washing , laundry , and hard surface cleaners owing to good wetting and detergency properties . Surging demand for cosmetics & personal care products across the regions is augmenting the market growth .
Asia Pacific accounted for the largest market share in the Non-Ionic Surfactants Market in 2017 and is expected to grow at significant rate during the review period . Growing industrialization and urbanization coupled with changing lifestyles and rising disposable income is another important factor driving the market growth in this region . Furthermore , rapidly growing cosmetics & personal care industry as a result of increasing demand for the cosmetics from the working population for personal grooming and appearance is fuelling the demand .
Get Sample of Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/3837
Furthermore , in the developed nations , the product consumption is growing in pharmaceutical industry owing to rising geriatric population coupled with high per capita income . Increasing R & D investment in pharmaceutical industry is stimulating the product demand in these regions further .
Non-Ionic Surfactants Market- Competitive Landscape
The Global Non-Ionic Surfactants is at nascent stage and is expected to witness considerable growth owing to rapidly expanding industrial base in the Asia Pacific region during the review period . Some of the growing trends notices among the market players includes new product invention , capacity expansion and acquisitions . For instance , BASF SE will expand its alkyl polyglucosides ( APG ) production capacity at sites in China , U.S. , Ohio , and JInshan . This will help the company to meet the customer demands for surfactants with different specifications in the Asia Pacific region .
Industry/ Innovation/ Related News :
Feb 9 , 2018- BASF SE will expand its alkyl polyglucosides ( APG ) production capacity along with two production improvement projects at sites in China , U.S. , Ohio , and JInshan . The capacity expansion at Jinshan site has been started in order to meet the need for surfactants in personal and home care applications in the Asia Pacific region .
July 31 , 2017- Croda International Plc , a specialty chemical company acquired Enza Biotech having technology for making non-ionic sugar-based surfactants from carbohydrates .
March 24 , 2017- Evonik launched next generation Grind Aid non-ionic surfactant under the brand name Carbowet GA-200 with low-zero volatile organic compounds ( VOC ) . This product will help to comply with the regulations set by the environmental protection agency to reduce VOC emissions .
December 08 , 2015- Croda International Inc , announced nearly USD 140 million investment in North America to produce 100 % sustainable non-ionic surfactants form bio-ethanol .
Access Complete Report @ https : //www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/non-ionic-surfactants-market-3837
About Market Research Future :
At Market Research Future ( MRFR ) , we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report ( CRR ) , Half-Cooked Research Reports ( HCRR ) , Raw Research Reports ( 3R ) , Continuous-Feed Research ( CFR ) , and Market Research & Consulting Services .
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients . Our market research studies by Components , Application , Logistics and market players for global , regional , and country level market segments , enable our clients to see more , know more , and do more , which help to answer all their most important questions .
Contact :
Market Research Future
+1 646 845 9312
Email : sales @ marketresearchfuture.com
Local independent micro-brewery Jaw Brew has teamed up with Aulds bakery to make beer from their left-over bread rolls .
Mark Hazell ( 53 ) and wife Alison set up Jaw Brew , which is named after the old miller 's cottage they live in called ‘ The Jaw ' in Baldernock near Milngavie .
After a meeting , organised by Zero Waste Scotland and the Glasgow Chamber of Commerce to find ways to reduce waste within Glasgow , Auds asked Jaw Brew if they would use their surplus rolls to make beer .
Alison said : “ This fitted in very well with our policy of keeping all our activities as ‘ green ' as we can .
“ Normally beer is made with malted grain , mostly barley but sometimes wheat , oats and rye which is mixed with hot water to create a sugary solution ready for the addition of hops and then yeast which ends up some time later with the finished product .
“ We experimented using different quantities of rolls and malt and different varieties of hops , while even non-standard yeasts were tried in the quest for a good , balanced beer .
“ It became apparent that the inclusion of the bread increased the body of the beer without adding to the alcohol content and therefore focus moved to brewing a low alcohol beer that had some depth which is all too often sadly lacking in that style – many beer drinkers want a light beer that is not ‘ thin ' . ”
After a few more tries they achieved a suitable brew and once this had been bottled and allowed to condition for a couple of weeks it was given to a select few beer aficionadosand who gave it the thumbs up .
Next came the technical challenge of trying to brew a commercial sized batch using equipment designed for malted grain rather than bread - which has the potential to clog .
But luckily Jaw Brew has two graduate engineers from Strathclyde and Glasgow Universities ( Mark and Alison 's sons ) investigating solutions and they hope to brew the first batch of the beer in January .
Photo : AFP
French authorities are set to investigate 1,000 cosmetic products that were included on a black list published by a leading French consumers group because they contain `` undesirable '' substances . The list included items by popular brands such as L'Oréal and Head & Shoulders .
The DGCCRF , which is in charge of clamping down on fraud in consumer products , said it planned `` to carry out checks to see if the products are still being sold and why . ''
`` We are very attentive to cosmetics every year , '' the department 's Loïc Tanguy told AFP . Just last year the DGCCRF carried out checks on 8,000 products .
`` In addition to our own checks , we will take into account the information from UFC-Que Choisir , '' they added .
The price for breaking the laws around making and importing banned substances is high . Penalties include two years in prison and a fine of €30,000 that can be pushed up to €150,000 in some cases .
The black list , published last week , features everything from perfumes , make-up products , shower gels , deodorants , toothpastes , creams and pretty much every product you could find in your bathroom .
You can CLICK HERE for the full list .
READ ALSO :
Photo : AFP
It was originally published in February 2016 and regularly updated . It has increased from 400 to 1017 in the last three months with the help of consumers .
The most worrying new development is that the group says 23 products on the list - including an eye treatment by L'Oréal Men , a sun cream for kids by Lovea and Vivelle hair gel - should be pulled from the shelves immediately because they contain chemicals that are banned by law , including hormone-altering substances ( known as endocrine disruptors ) .
In all , some 12 ingredients have been identified as `` undesirable '' with the group expressing particular concern in the use of hormone-changing products , such as BHA . Hormone-changing substances may interfere with the body 's endocrine system and produce adverse developmental , reproductive , neurological , and immune effects in humans . The list of ingredients to watch out for also includes allergenics , and irritants like MIT , as well as antibacterial and antifungal agent Triclosan and colorless and odorless liquid , Cyclopentasiloxane . You can CLICK HERE for the full list of substances to avoid .
UFC-Que Choisir recommended the public to not buy any of the 1,000 products on the list because of the `` undesirable substances '' . The products should not be used at all on at-risk individuals , such as babies , they say .
Some of the products on the list are a red nail varnish by Chanel , Hawaiian Tropic 's silk hydration suncream and a selection of hair dye by Garnier as well as dental products like Aquafresh 24 hour multi-action whitening toothpaste and Sensodyne 's sensitive long lasting mint-flavoured mouthwash .
More worryingly , the list includes several products that you 're likely to use on a babies and young children made by popular household brands . These include Bubble Fruit toothpaste for ages 2-5 by Colgate and Nivea 's moisturising face and body baby cream .
Share . YouTuber Jirard Khalil joins our Nintendo panel to chat about new Switch games and more . YouTuber Jirard Khalil joins our Nintendo panel to chat about new Switch games and more .
Welcooooooome to Nintendo Voice Chat , Episode 376 ! This week on our Nintendo show , Jirard Khalil , That One Video Gamer and host of The Completionist , joins the NVC panel to talk about their experience as a Nintendo-focused YouTuber as well as the latest Nintendo Switch and 3DS games out now .
Jirard joins Zach Ryan , Daemon Hatfield , and Peer Schneider for thoughts on new game announcements ( The Darkest Dungeon ! ) , brand-new Switch games like Earth Atlantis , and the arrival of some of yesteryear 's favorite indie hits to our beloved console/portable hybrid .
As always , you can watch NVC here on IGN and on our YouTube channel ( subscribe and hit the bell ! ) or listen to it on your commute in audio format . If you enjoy the show , share it with other Nintendo fans , make a constructive comment , and give us a thumbs up or leave us a review . It 's more fun to speak up when something bothers you or your gaming enjoyment is threatened by the existence of another console , but do n't forget to also support the content you love . Our batteries run on happiness .
Listen to the Latest Episode of NVC Right Here
Discussion topics and times :
00:00 Weeeelcome ! Newsflash : Zach Ryan goes gold !
02:24 SNES Classic : did Amazon 's preorders fall off a truck ? Also : Switch is back in stock .
07:36 Darkest Dungeon is coming to Switch , as are Tangledeep and Mutant Mudds Collection
11:50 A question of character : toilet paper front or backloading ?
14:17 Stardew Valley . Why should you care about another 16-bit styled adventure on Switch ?
20:15 Earth Atlantis : thar be monsters ! It takes courage to make a game in black and white .
26:03 Axiom Verge , Ninja Shodown , Tumblestone , and Volgarr arrive on Switch
30:01 What is Oxenfree and who should buy it .
37:00 New 3DS games : Mario & Luigi Superstar Saga + Bowser 's Minions and Layton 's Mystery Journey
43:30 Jirard on how to turn Nintendo fandom into a job ( check out their channel on YouTube ) . The trials and tribulations of being a Nintendo YouTuber
01:03:00 Question Block : your questions answered . This time , from our NVC Facebook fan group .
Bonus VLOG : Lily on how we create a video review at IGN -- plus , Joy-Con color shaming .
Is there `` 16-bit '' game fatigue ?
As part of our discussion of great retro-styled games ( that you should play ) , we asked whether retro or 16-bit fatigue is setting in among Switch fans . Do you outright dismiss or discount games that do n't have polygonal or `` HD '' graphics ?
Leave a comment , join the 8,200 NVC fans here on Facebook , or ask a question ! Do you have a great idea or topic for a future episode of Nintendo Voice Chat ? Want to be featured on Question Block ? Email us : nvc @ ign.com .
One Nation senator Brian Burston says they will support the government 's $ 35.6 billion company tax cuts , in direct opposition to their leader Pauline Hanson 's authority .
Senator Burston says Ms Hanson 's about-face to withdraw support for the package , after initially agreeing to back them , has blindsided them and they are a `` very principled person '' who will honour the deal with Finance Minister Mathias Cormann in March .
`` I do n't want to cause any angst or division in One Nation , but once I make a handshake with somebody -- that 's it . I stick to my word , '' Senator Burston told The Australian newspaper on Thursday .
Senator Cormann insists the government remains committed to the deal it struck with One Nation .
`` The government is very appreciative of the fact that Senator Burston has announced that they will stick to the agreement that was reached , '' they told reporters .
They again rejected senator Derryn Hinch 's idea to cap the tax cuts to businesses with an annual turnover of up to $ 500 million , so the big banks would be exempt .
The government has 31 senators and needs 39 votes to pass its legislation .
The minister implored Labor to change its mind on the cuts , insisting jobs are created by successful and profitable businesses .
`` My message to Bill Shorten is - jobs do n't grow on trees , '' they said .
MOSCOW ( Sputnik ) - The UK fan who wrote `` England '' on the monument to FC Spartak legend Fedor Cherenkov near Moscow 's Spartak Stadium , has been fined 3,000 rubles ( almost $ 50 ) , a representative of a Moscow court told Sputnik on Wednesday .
`` He has been imposed an administrative fine of 3,000 rubles [ almost $ 50 ] , '' the source said adding that the fan had apologized for their actions .
The incident took place before Tuesday 's FIFA World Cup round of 16 clashes between Colombia and England , which was played at the arena .
READ MORE : England Knocks Out Colombia in FIFA World Cup Round of 16 in Penalty Shootout
© Sputnik / Vladimir Pesnya Sweden Beats Switzerland 1-0 to Reach First FIFA World Cup Quarter-Finals Since 1994
Earlier on Wednesday , the press service of Moscow 's Department of Internal Affairs told Sputnik that the 20-year-old man would face administrative penalties for `` violating the rules of behavior during the hosting of official sporting events . ''
The press service of the local government of Moscow 's district , where the Spartak Stadium is located , has since told Sputnik that the writing was washed off on Tuesday night .
The 2018 FIFA World Cup kicked off on June 14 and will continue until July 15 , with the games being played across 11 Russian cities .
ISLAMABAD : The lawyers on Tuesday staged a protest demonstration outside the Supreme Court over the issue of Housing Society .
The lawyers ' staged a protest demonstration against Minister of State for Capital Administration and Development Division ( CADD ) Dr Tariq Fazal Chaudhry and blocked the outside the Supreme Court .
The protesting lawyers demanded issuance of No Objection Certificate ( NOC ) .
Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf ( PTI ) Chairman Imran Khan and Awami Muslim League ( AML ) Chief Sheikh Rasheed expressed solidarity with the protesting lawyers .
The protesters let the government and opposition leaders and lawyers go to the apex court to attend the Panamagate proceedings .
On the occasion , Supreme Court Bar Association Secretary Aftab Bajwa said that the Minister of State for CADD and Minister for Housing are creating hurdles in the housing society .
WASHINGTON ( Sputnik ) - The United States is calling on all sides in Armenia to work within the country 's legal framework to resolve differences and ensure a peaceful transition of power , State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert said in a press release .
On Monday , Armenian Prime Minister Serzh Sargsyan resigned amid large-scale anti-government protests against their appointment . Following Sargsyan 's resignation , Armenian First Deputy Prime Minister Karen Karapetyan became acting prime minister .
`` The coming days represent a historic moment for the people of Armenia and its elected leaders , as they embark on the process of forming a new government , '' Nauert said on Tuesday . `` We urge all sides to engage constructively , within the legal framework of the Armenian constitution , to ensure a peaceful transition of power that follows the rule of law . ''
Nauert also said that the United States looks forward to working closely with a new government on shared interests .
Earlier , opposition leader Nikol Pashinyan said the Armenian opposition , in case of assuming power , does not plan to adopt any `` harsh '' decisions on the country 's membership in the Collective Security Treaty Organization ( CSTO ) or the Eurasian Economic Union ( EAEU ) .
The EAEU is an international organization that encourages regional economic integration through the free movement of goods , services , and people within the union . Beside Armenia , it also comprises Russia , Belarus , Kazakhstan , and Kyrgyzstan . The CSTO is an intergovernmental military alliance of former Soviet states , which comprises Armenia , Belarus , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Russia , and Tajikistan . Its key objective is to fight against `` international terrorism and other nontraditional threats to security , '' according to its website .
LONDON , Aug 12 ( Reuters ) - Usain Bolt 's final appearance on the track ended in agony on Saturday as they pulled up injured running the final leg of the World Championships 4x100 metres relay as Britain beat the United States for a shock gold medal .
Bolt , who had to settle for bronze in the individual 100 metres , had been hoping to sign off from the sport by leading Jamaica to a fifth successive relay gold but they were already struggling in third when they collected the baton .
As they tried to gain ground , Bolt pulled up and fell to the floor with what looked like a hamstring injury .
The United States , with individual gold and silver medallists Justin Gatlin and Christian Coleman running the second and fourth legs , had been expected to push the Jamaicans all the way .
Instead , a brilliantly executed race by Chijindu Ujah , Adam Gemili , Danny Talbot and Nethaneel Mitchell-Blake gave Britain gold in 37.47 seconds , the best time in the world this year .
The US took silver in 37.52 with Japan third in 38.04 . ( Editing by Ian Chadband )
A brewery has invited beer lovers to create their dream pint - by asking them to submit the most bizarre flavours they can think of .
The competition has been launched in the UK after enjoying success in Sweden where a Bourbon Barrel-Aged Jalapeño Imperial Stout was crowned as the top beer idea .
Other flavours put forward included raspberries and maple syrup .
Edinburgh based Innis & Gunn is searching for a beer lover with creative flair to collaborate on their next ‘ Imagine & Gunn ' limited edition barrel aged beer .
People will be able to share their flavour ideas to Innis & Gunn at www.innisandgunn.com until midnight on Friday , November 17 .
A shortlist will be put to a public vote to determine the winning brew , which will be announced in December .
Kim Kardashian , center , arrives with their attorney Shawn Chapman Holley at the security entrance of the White House in Washington , Wednesday , May 30 .
Pablo Martinez Monsivais , AP
Kim Kardashian West made waves at the White House Wednesday .
The reality TV star personally met with President Trump , who tweeted out a smiling photo with Kardashian West in the Oval Office .
`` Great meeting with @ KimKardashian today , talked about prison reform and sentencing , '' wrote the president .
In their version of Twitter diplomacy , they later tweeted their thanks to the president .
Dressed in all black with bright yellow pumps , Kardashian West arrived at a security entrance with their lawyer , attorney Shawn Chapman Holley , late Wednesday afternoon .
Great meeting with @ KimKardashian today , talked about prison reform and sentencing . pic.twitter.com/uOy4UJ41JF — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) May 30 , 2018
During the meeting , which was set to include senior advisor Jared Kushner , Kardashian West advocated for the release of 62-year-old Alice Marie Johnson , who is serving a life sentence for a first-time , nonviolent drug offense , according to their post-meeting tweet . They have shared their support of Johnson on social media , calling the sentencing `` so unfair '' on Twitter in October .
They thanked the president and expressed hope they would `` grant clemency to Ms. Alice Marie Johnson '' after they met .
I would like to thank President Trump for their time this afternoon . It is our hope that the President will grant clemency to Ms. Alice Marie Johnson who is serving a life sentence for a first-time , non-violent drug offense . — Kim Kardashian West ( @ KimKardashian ) May 31 , 2018
They added in a second tweet : `` We are optimistic about Mrs. Johnson 's future and hopeful that they — and so many like them — will get a second chance at life . ''
We are optimistic about Ms. Johnson 's future and hopeful that they —and so many like her—will get a second chance at life . — Kim Kardashian West ( @ KimKardashian ) May 31 , 2018
Earlier Wednesday , Kardashian West tweeted a birthday message for Johnson .
`` Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson , '' they wrote . `` Today is for you . ''
Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson . Today is for you 🙏🏼✨ — Kim Kardashian West ( @ KimKardashian ) May 30 , 2018
Johnson 's story went viral thanks in part to a Mic video interview that reached more than 4.1 million views . A change.org petition asking President Trump to grant Johnson clemency has also almost reached its goal of 300,000 supporter signatures as of Wednesday .
Kardashian West , who cites Mic 's video as how they discovered Johnson , has also helped the case reach a wider audience .
Kushner has focused on prison reform since joining the administration . They were involved with the First Step Act , which plans to expand programs for prisoners and allow for more home confinement . The act was approved by the House of Representatives earlier this month .
A pardon or commutation for Johnson is unlikely today , though the president has not made a decision .
Kardashian West supported Hillary Clinton during the 2016 presidential race , but recently , their husband Kanye West has tweeted their support for Trump .
The rapper met with Trump in December 2016 during a visit to the Trump Tower in New York . Trump posed with West after their meeting , calling them a `` good man '' with whom they talked about `` life . ''
Kanye had previously declared their allegiance to Trump onstage the month prior .
'Keeping Up with the Kardashians ' : The family through the years Ten years ago this October , a little reality series called 'Keeping Up with the Kardashians ' debuted . The E ! program centered around burgeoning celebrity Kim Kardashian , top right , and their wild family . Left to right upper : Robert ( Rob ) Kardashian Jr. , Khloé Kardashian , Kris Jenner and Caitlyn Jenner ( then known as Bruce ) . Left to right bottom : Kylie Jenner , Kendall Jenner and Kourtney Kardashian . 01 / 49 Ten years ago this October , a little reality series called 'Keeping Up with the Kardashians ' debuted . The E ! program centered around burgeoning celebrity Kim Kardashian , top right , and their wild family . Left to right upper : Robert ( Rob ) Kardashian Jr. , Khloé Kardashian , Kris Jenner and Caitlyn Jenner ( then known as Bruce ) . Left to right bottom : Kylie Jenner , Kendall Jenner and Kourtney Kardashian . 01 / 49
Contributing : Andrea Mandell
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
FAYETTEVILLE , Ark . ( AP ) — Roy Reed , who covered key events during the civil rights movement for The New York Times before returning to their native Arkansas to write and teach , has died . They were 87 .
Reed died Sunday night at Washington Regional Medical Center in Fayetteville , according to their wife , Norma Reed . They had a severe stroke on Saturday at their home in the nearby unincorporated community of Hogeye .
After stints at the Joplin Globe in Missouri and the Arkansas Gazette , Reed reported on the civil rights movement during the 1960s for The Times .
In 1965 , they witnessed what became known as “ Bloody Sunday , ” when state troopers and others beat black marchers on the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma , Alabama .
Advertisement
In a 2015 interview with the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette , Reed called the event a pivotal moment for civil rights .
“ It sent a tidal wave of rage . I guess people in the North knew bad things were happening in the South , but this they could n't avoid . It was right there on their television set , and it was so brutal , ” said Reed , who also worked in The Times ' White House bureau and at its bureaus in New Orleans and London .
Reed left The Times in 1978 and returned to Arkansas , where they taught journalism at the University of Arkansas and wrote a biography of former Arkansas Gov . Orval Faubus , in addition to an autobiography and other published works .
In addition to their wife , Reed is survived by a son , daughter and five grandchildren . Funeral services are pending .
“ An appeal by Apple and Ireland against a European Union ruling for the U.S. firm to pay 13 billion euros ( $ 16 billion ) in disputed taxes is likely to be heard in the autumn , Irish Finance Minister Paschal Donohoe said on Tuesday , ” Padraic Halpin reports for Reuters .
“ The European Commission ruled in August 2016 that Apple had received unfair tax incentives . Both Apple and Dublin are appealing the original ruling , saying the iPhone maker 's tax treatment was in line with Irish and European Union law , ” Halpin reports . “ ‘ We expect the appeal is likely to begin in the autumn , ' Donohoe told journalists on Tuesday . ‘ How long the hearings will last will depend on the judges overseeing it and could be open to either party after that to take any further actions . ' ”
“ The Commission told Ireland to collect 13 billion euros in back taxes , a figure Ireland 's finance department estimated last year could reach 15 billion euros including EU interest . Interest due by Apple will be calculated after the initial 13 billion is collected , Donohoe said , ” Halpin reports . “ Last October the Commission said it was taking Dublin to the European Court of Justice over delays in recovering the money . ”
Read more in the full article here .
ARIES
March 21–April 20
♥♥♥¥¥¥¥♣♣♣
Your spiritual trick ponies still jump you through hoops as Neptune moves retrograde . If the slope is slippery , you can trust the stellar kaleidoscope has a more beautiful view to offer . The Summer Solstice Wednesday is yet another turning point in your ever-changing galactic wheel . It starts a trend for your income to increase . Take a deep breath and dive in .
TAURUS
April 21–May 21
♥♥♥¥¥¥♣♣♣
With Mercury , Ceres and the Sun in your solar second house , you may be seeing the use of your income differently . It 's more about resources than crunching numbers at the moment . The Summer Solstice on Wednesday makes a beautiful aspect to Mars and Mercury . Talk about home , invest where your heart is .
GEMINI
May 22–June 21
♥♥♥¥¥♣♣♣
The Sun completes its transit through the last degrees of your sign , then moves into your financial sector . The Summer Solstice sheds light on your future . Home , nurturing and a possible increase in income are put forward with Mercury and Mars prominent in this sector of your chart .
CANCER
June 22–July 23
♥♥♥¥¥¥¥♣♣♣♣♣
Your solar twelfth house brightens as Ceres feels content , saying good-bye to the Sun and Mercury as they transit away . Your most important dreams are connected to those you care about . The Sun enters your sign on the Summer Solstice . Now it 's time to enjoy the first step on — or towards — your birthday ! Choices you make create an impact .
LEO
July 24–August 23
♥♥♥¥¥¥♣♣♣
You 've become quite the disciplinarian when it comes to work . Vesta in your sign helps you stay pure and true , knowing that is best for you . The Summer Solstice arrives this Wednesday . Your solar twelfth house brings light to invite peace and privacy . It assists as a reminder to take care of yourself so you can continue to help others .
VIRGO
August 24–September 23
♥♥♥¥¥♣♣♣
Being in tune , you may appreciate what is revealed during the Summer Solstice on Wednesday . At least , this is the beginning of a shift where you see how friends are part of your larger “ family. ” Do n't look for external life to direct your choices . The plastic elastic universe is listening to your wishes . You are writing the future .
LIBRA
September 24–October 23
♥♥♥♥¥¥♣♣♣
No time to be bored . Challenges on the emotional and financial planes just keep coming . Your sense of humor is worth more than gold . Mercury zips through your spiritual wanderings and ends up in your house of career for the Summer Solstice on Wednesday . Not only that , Mars is waiting there to catch you . Sexy energy — enjoy the surge !
SCORPIO
October 24–November 22
♥♥¥¥¥♣♣♣
Whatever you plan you will change with your touch . You 're in the free zone of energy reacting to your consciousness . At the same time , Venus opposite your sign signals a comfortable shift with a bit of luxury as you go through it , related to a partner . The Summer Solstice entices with promises of travel or expansion , coming in the next few months .
SAGITTARIUS
November 23–December 22
♥♥♥¥¥¥¥♣♣♣
Details , details . Not a Sagittarian 's favorite thing , unless the details are part of planning for fun ! This week , your creativity is on high . Dark Moon Lilith in your sign helps you kick free of conditioned responses . The Summer Solstice on Wednesday is in one of those “ will it or wo n't it ” areas . It 's not a no man 's land , it 's simply not entirely your call .
CAPRICORN
December 23–January 20
♥♥¥¥¥♣♣♣
Came in to assist the bigger picture , now wonder what you were thinking ? You probably would n't like bowing out , at any rate . The Summer Solstice adds light to a partnership , long enough for you to see it differently . Whether it 's with a renewed excitement or a quest to vitalize your options , the galactic clock has started ticking .
AQUARIUS
January 21–February 19
♥♥♥¥¥♣♣♣♣
Feeling in your power ? When they said “ hitch your wagon to a star , ” they were n't kidding . With erratic communications right now , you may think the stars are lost in their wanderings . In fact , the map is still being created . Life at home receives an infusion or bounty of beauty . The Summer Solstice on Wednesday brings notice of an expansive career shift . Time to make a move !
PISCES
February 20–March 20
♥♥♥¥¥♣♣♣♣
Has the world become more duplicitous , or have you just become more aware ? The truth is , there has always been free will to choose . Luckily , you wo n't have to put much energy towards answering that question just yet . The Summer Solstice on Wednesday brings an alignment in your romantic life . It also blends your creativity with those who support who you really are . Enjoy this dollop of dessert from the stars !
0 MoviePass apologizes to customers , says it doesnt track users when the app is not active
Stung by negative reports about the extent of its data tracking , the chief executive of MoviePass has apologized and clarified how the movie-ticket subscription service uses the information it gains from users .
As we previously reported , the controversy started when Mitch Lowe told an audience at a Hollywood presentation that , “ We know all about you ” and “ We get an enormous amount of information ” from MoviePass subscribers . The remarks , reported first by Media Play News , set off a firestorm about user privacy and the company 's intentions .
It also raised a number of questions about the MoviePass business model . The company is currently offering a $ 7.95 per month subscription , allowing customers to see one film per day .
MoviePass : We 're sorry for remarks on data tracking
Months ago , major movie theater chain AMC broke with a number of other MoviePass partners by openly rejecting company 's financial plan , saying “ from what we can tell , by definition and absent some other form of other compensation , ” MoviePass is losing money by offering customers such a low price and therefore in danger of going out of business .
“ As MoviePass is currently designed , it does not integrate well into our programs and could create significant guest experience issues , ” AMC went on to say . But the row did n't seem to affect MoviePass too negatively , as it expects to pass the 5-million member threshold by year 's end .
But what has dinged its reputation – in addition to its less-than-stellar customer service – is its data=tracking exploits . That 's why Lowe felt the need to respond to the public .
Read more : How MoviePass & AMC 's squabble is affecting your movie-going experience
In an open letter to the MoviePass community , Lowe said , “ First and foremost , I apologize for these comments and the concern they caused . At MoviePass , we take customer privacy extremely seriously . I would like to eliminate any misconceptions that we 're collecting location related data . ”
They added that the company reserves the right to make adjustments on how it will use customers ' personal information . But they vowed that MoviePass will be transparent about any changes .
“ If , in the future , MoviePass desires to expand how it uses data , we will amend our Privacy Policy and notify our members so that they will be afforded the opportunity to opt- in or opt- out of the MoviePass service . ”
Is MoviePass a go…or a pass ?
While the company continues to grow , its customer service woes continue to be well-documented .
As we have said before , because of the myriad problems people have been having with the app , Team Clark is not comfortable recommending MoviePass without reservations .
Alright @ MoviePass_CS @ MoviePass I just sent my 6th email since December to you to request assistance with my issue . Hopefully I do n't get ignored for the 4th MONTH in a row… # moviepass # poorcustomerservice — Karina Ryan ( @ karinaMryan ) March 11 , 2018
RELATED : MoviePass is a great concept , so why are many of its customers angry ?
Clark.com
On today 's episode of Wild Animal Wednesday , we are featuring our friend Koo-Koo the Parrot . They come all the way from South America and he'…
In a neighborhood of Istanbul that 's plastered with Arabic signs , a Syrian refugee whips up their specialty — avocado cream smoothies — at the small , colorful cafe where they work .
Majd al-Hassan has been in Turkey for two years , but has yet to learn much Turkish . They do n't need to . This area is filled with fellow Syrians . He 's paid in cash , under the table , and has yet to really integrate into Turkish society , they acknowledge .
`` We 've got Syrian supermarkets , Syrian restaurants — just like back home , '' says Hassan , 26 . `` I have n't even applied for a Turkish ID card . If peace comes to Syria , I 'll go home tomorrow . ''
Nearby , a resident who describes themselves as one of the last Turks living on this street near Istanbul 's Fatih Mosque says they no longer recognizes their neighborhood .
`` Before , this area was only Turkish people , mostly . But now , here , there , everywhere , it 's all Syrian people , '' says Tulay Suleyman , who was born here . `` Some Turkish people , they do n't like these [ new ] people . Their culture is a little bit different than ours . [ They 're ] mostly ignorant people — homeless people , low-class . ''
Xenophobia has flared with the arrival of migrants in parts of Europe . That has not been as big a problem in Turkey , even though there are some 3 million Syrians here — more than in all of Europe combined .
As in Europe , many of the Syrians in Turkey are educated professionals who are under-employed , working off the books for low pay — part of Turkey 's swelling black-market economy .
At first , when Syrian refugees began streaming over the Turkish border in 2011 , the Turkish government granted them a special protected status — but no work permits .
Many thought the regime of Syrian President Bashar Assad would fall quickly — another domino in the Arab Spring — and that Syrian refugees would be able to cross back over the border and return home swiftly .
With the Syrian war now in its seventh year , Turkey has opened a path to Syrians for official employment . But few have taken it .
One of the government 's motives in trying to regularize Syrians is that Turks have been worried about having their wages undercut .
`` There was a public concern that Turkish people would be unemployed because of the Syrians being employed with lower fees [ wages ] , '' says labor lawyer Mehmet Ata Sarikaripoglu . `` We see what happened in Europe , and how the politics in Europe has changed after that . ''
Fearing a political backlash , Turkey started a program in January 2016 to increase work permits for refugees . The government also now requires companies to give Syrians the same pay and benefits as Turks . But the roll-out has been slow .
Integrating Syrians is political too . They tend to be more religious and conservative than many Turks — and they tend to support Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan . He 's floated the idea of offering them Turkish citizenship , but that has prompted a backlash from some opposition parties and more secular Turks .
At an Istanbul municipal office , long lines of Syrians snake across the lobby . People are registering for Turkish ID cards and health care , and signing up their children for public schools — all services they get for free as refugees .
One man yells and shakes with frustration . They say bureaucrats keep telling them to come back tomorrow . Turkey 's social services are overloaded with newcomers like himself , they say .
Behind the lobby 's front desk , Yahiya Osman helps Syrians register for ID cards and health care . He 's a Syrian refugee himself , and has worked here for four years — even though they only got a work permit two weeks ago .
`` It makes me eligible for private health insurance , a pension and worker 's compensation , '' says Osman , 33 . `` You 've got to think ahead . We 're not sure what 's going to happen in Syria . We might have to stay here in Turkey forever . ''
But Turkish government statistics show out of the 3 million Syrians here , fewer than 14,000 had work permits by January — a year into the program .
`` It 's a very exhausting procedure , '' says Sule Akarsu , who manages a charity that teaches Syrian refugees how to do bricklaying and other construction work .
Them work is dedicated to helping Syrian refugees . Yet even they have not applied for work permits for their Syrian staff .
`` It takes nearly three months to get permission for the Syrians , '' they say . `` It 's also difficult for Turkish industry , doing all these procedures . ''
Only companies can apply for these permits , not employees , and they must pay monthly social security for each worker — even if it 's a Syrian who does n't plan to stay in Turkey long-term . Some employers say it 's not worth the hassle and expense .
There are questions about how much Turkey 's government really wants to implement this policy . It has threatened to fine companies that hire Syrians without permits . But the fines are rarely enforced .
At an Istanbul cafe , Adnan Hadad , another Syrian , says it 's not just the bureaucracy that slows things down . He 's dragged their feet too . When they arrived four years ago , they thought he 'd be in Turkey `` a couple of years , '' they say .
`` But the Syrian war , and how it eventually evolved , made me realize I 'll be here a lot longer , '' Hadad says .
They still dream of growing old back home in Syria . But for now , he 's starting in on some Turkish paperwork .
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States .
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris , France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums , Churches , Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture . This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights . Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order .
Five Essential Planning Tips For Your European VacationNothing beats traveling abroad . It 's educational , invigorating and just plain fun . With the Pound and Euro inching closer to the value of the U.S. Dollar there has never been a better time to explore new lands . In order to get the very best experience out of your trip it is essential that you put a lot of thought and planning in your preparation . The more pre-planning that you do , the fewer hassles during your travels . Here are some basic tips to get you started on your next “ Trip of a Lifetime ! ”
Vacation With Your Valentine : America 's Most Romantic RetreatsAn introduction to five of America 's best romantic retreats to celebrate Valentine 's Day
DETROIT ( AP ) — Aaron Rodgers danced all over the Ford Field turf , avoiding sacks , keeping plays alive and eventually lifting Green Bay to the NFC North title .
The Packers ' quarterback certainly looks healthy , and there was n't much the Detroit Lions could do to stop him .
Rodgers threw for 300 yards and four touchdowns , and Green Bay beat the Lions 31-24 on Sunday night to edge Detroit by one game for the division . The Packers finished the regular season on a six-game winning streak , and Rodgers threw for 18 touchdowns with no interceptions in the final seven games .
Detroit is also headed to the playoffs as a wild card .
Advertisement
When their team was 4-6 , Rodgers said they thought Green Bay could “ run the table ” — and the Packers did just that for the rest of the regular season .
“ That 's what you have to do sometimes as a leader . You have to exude confidence even in a situation where it seems to the outside world that confidence should n't exist , and that 's kind of what I did , ” Rodgers said . “ I believe in myself and my abilities , but I also believe in this team . ”
Rodgers finished the regular season with 4,428 yards passing , with 40 touchdowns and seven interceptions . He 's dealt with a sore right calf but showed no ill effects while smoothly eluding Detroit 's pass rush all night .
Green Bay ( 10-6 ) will open the playoffs at home against the New York Giants next Sunday , and Detroit ( 9-7 ) plays at Seattle on Saturday .
The Lions were trying to win their first division title since 1993 but came up short , losing their final three games and settling for a wild card .
“ Obviously , guys do n't like to lose . They 're competitors , ” Detroit coach Jim Caldwell said . “ But the fact of the matter is though that we have an opportunity . When you look at the alternative , this is 1,000 times better than that . ”
Here are a few things we learned from the final game of the NFL regular season :
ON A ROLL
Green Bay 's offense is operating at a very high level . The Packers have scored at least 30 points in four straight games , and they finished with 448 yards and 28 first downs against the Lions . From the second quarter on , it seemed like penalties were the only real obstacle for Green Bay .
A STEP BELOW
The Lions could end up beating Seattle for their first postseason win in 25 years , but it would be an upset . Detroit is the lowest-seeded team in the NFC playoffs and has n't measured up against the league 's best . The Lions are 0-5 against other teams that are headed to the postseason .
RUNNING THREATS
The Lions and Packers lean on their passing , but there were some hints of more balance Sunday . Detroit 's Zach Zenner ran for 69 yards and a touchdown , and Green Bay 's Aaron Ripkowski had 61 yards on only nine carries . The Packers rushed for 153 yards as a team .
SWOON
For a second straight game , Detroit fell flat in the second half . Against Dallas , the Lions were tied 21-all at halftime before losing 42-21 . Then Detroit led Green Bay 14-10 after two quarters before the Packers scored 21 of the game 's next 24 points .
SCARY MOMENT
Green Bay cornerback Quinten Rollins was carted off with a neck injury in the second half after tumbling out of bounds on the Detroit sideline . The Packers said they were conscious with movement and was being evaluated at the hospital .
“ He was communicating and everything — looked positive before they left the field , ” coach Mike McCarthy said . “ I think with that , our players had confidence that they were going to be OK . ”
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL .
___
Follow Noah Trister at www.Twitter.com/noahtrister
ERIC DIER HOPES England 's dramatic World Cup penalty shoot-out win over Colombia last night has put them back in the nation 's “ good books ” .
The Tottenham midfielder scored the decisive spot-kick to help Gareth Southgate 's men set up a quarter-final clash with Sweden following a 1-1 draw in Moscow .
Dier was part of the side that crashed out of Euro 2016 after an embarrassing defeat to Iceland – a result that led to the resignation of manager Roy Hodgson .
Southgate has transformed the fortunes of the Three Lions over the past two years and Dier knows the result against Colombia will have gone some way to erasing the painful memories of that Iceland humiliation .
“ Yesterday was a massive milestone for us as a group because we had n't won a knockout game for so long ” , they told the FA 's YouTube channel .
“ Two years ago a lot of us were in the squad that lost to Iceland at the Euros .
“ I remember saying after that game that the only way we can move forward from this and get back in everyone 's good books is at the World Cup in two years ' time . ”
Dier was England 's surprise fifth penalty taker , confidently stroking past David Ospina to secure a place in the last eight .
They have joked , though , that the outcome would have been a lot less emphatic had they been faced with a similar situation during a round of golf .
They added : “ Somebody messaged me today , saying : ‘ I still would n't trust you over a four-foot putt ! '
“ If I was putting that thing I would have missed , 100 per cent .
“ I 've played football all my life so it came naturally . I tried to stay in the moment and their player missing just before me calmed me down a bit because I knew it would win it for us .
“ If it had been to keep us in it , it could have been a more nerve-wracking experience . ”
A MANHUNT has been launched after a man was shot in Adelaide 's northern suburbs — and residents have been warned to stay in their homes ..
Authorities were called to Sheringa Crescent , Salisbury Park , just after 12.30pm on Tuesday amid reports of a shooting .
A man , whose details have not been released , was found with a gunshot wound to the lower leg .
They are being being treated by paramedics , but police say their injury is not believed to be life-threatening .
A manhunt has been launched involving patrols and members of the elite STAR Group tactical division .
The surrounding area has been cordoned off .
“ Members of the public are asked to stay away from the area and remain inside their homes , ” a police spokesperson said .
The shooting took place near a primary school and officials are checking to see if it is in lockdown .
Neighbours said they had been told to stay inside by police .
“ They said it was a dangerous situation and we were stayed inside , ” said one resident .
They said they saw numerous police and STAR Officers in their street , including some in the armoured BearCat used by the STAR Group .
Anyone with information about this incident is urged to contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 or online at www.crimestopperssa.com.au
MORE TO COME
Have you heard of link building ? Do you understand what it is utilised for and why it 's so critical to search engine optimization and your on-line achievement ? If not , then you definitely could need to read on to understand much more about this on the net advertising service that you could come across from the very best internet advertising and marketing service providers all through the planet . Get a lot more details about RankersParadise
Links are used by search engines to recognize your web pages and even to establish your ranking in search results . Now you may not have known this , but links provide you with access to a international audience . As you probably know the net has developed certainly one of by far the most competitive industry places on the planet and exactly where your business may have been competing using a handful of other corporations previously , online you are competing with thousands , so you might want to utilise all of the on the net promoting tools to ensure your clients get to see your name and click around the link to take a look at your web-site .
The focus of link building will be to get external sites which can be inside the same business as you to link to a page in your internet site . Now as you could have guessed , this is not a simple activity . How do you get a person else to direct their targeted traffic for your site so it is possible to benefit ? With links naturally . Links will navigate your client and push them to your web site to dramatically enhance your website traffic and in turn , enhance your on the internet income moving forward .
As you possibly have already imagined , link building will not be a rapid and simple activity . In truth it is incredibly time consuming and challenging , so unless you or one of your team have time on their hands , it is actually advisable to produce use of your greatest link building service providers and get them to do the difficult operate for you . To not mention , that is what they do every single day , so they know what 's necessary to assist you accomplish online results .
That becoming mentioned , it really is imperative that any links for your web site are of your highest good quality and how do you identify this . Some web sites are noticed as more authoritative than others and search engines really like authority websites . So you will need to locate an individual who has the knowledge to put your links onto these pages , so when they get visitors , you advantage because of this .
What you 've got likely figured out by now is that the ideal link building services are a significant aspect to Google rankings . Google , the leading search engine provider , relies heavily on links to enable their systems to crawl different websites and understand extra about them . Which suggests that keywords and phrases , content and more will not be actually productive devoid of superior excellent links to appeal to Google and give them the opportunity to increase your ranking moving forward .
In addition to this , there 's also they have to have for internal links . Now that you just know regarding the ideal link building services to drive targeted traffic to your site , you should focus on creating your web site simple to navigate and supply an enjoyable knowledge for your clientele . You wish consumers to stay in your web site for so long as attainable . The longer they keep the greater the probabilities that they are going to act , no matter if it really is contacting you with queries , making a obtain or calling you in to supply a service .
Internal links are links involving the pages on your site . This signifies that you could redirect customers to your property page , your about us page and certain products and services to create their online expertise that bit extra enjoyable .
DAKAR , Senegal ( AP ) — Gambia 's political opposition said Monday that longtime ruler Yahya Jammeh could be considered a rebel leader if they take up arms and does n't step down later this month , a firm warning issued after the president recently vowed that any presence of foreign troops in the tiny West African nation would be tantamount to an act of war .
Two days earlier , Jammeh railed against the West African regional bloc known as ECOWAS that has urged them to step down . Jammeh claims that numerous voting irregularities invalidate the Dec. 1 ballot won by opposition coalition 's Adama Barrow , and Jammeh 's party is challenging the results in court .
Meanwhile , Barrow says they are planning a Jan. 19 inauguration , which puts them on a collision course with Jammeh , who seized power in a bloodless 1994 military coup .
Halifa Sallah , the spokesperson of the opposition coalition , said Monday that Jammeh will be a private citizen as of Jan. 19 , and would have no constitutional mandate to be in command of the armed forces of the Gambia .
Advertisement
“ Any president whose term of office expires who takes up arms against an incoming president whose term should begin according to law , would be regarded by the international community as a rebel leader , ” Sallah said in reading a statement by the coalition .
The president of ECOWAS — the Economic Community of West African States — has said that West African leaders will send troops into the Gambia if Jammeh refuses to step down .
Barrow , ECOWAS , the African Union and U.N. have carefully calculated their steps , Sallah said , adding that Jammeh should do the same “ so that no mistakes would be made that would undermine the peace and security of the country . ”
ECOWAS , the AU and the UN , however , would not need to manage Gambian affairs if the constitution is followed , and a peaceful transition is made , Barrow has said , urging Jammeh to open up a channel of communication , according to the coalition statement .
The coalition statement also comes a day after intelligence agents ordered two radio stations to shut down — Taranga FM and Hill Top Radio .
Hill Top Radio chief executive Basiru Darboe said three men identifying as National Intelligence Agents said the shutdown orders came from the outgoing president , but no reasons were given .
The Jammeh regime has long been accused of imprisoning , torturing and killing its opponents .
___
AP writer Abdoulie John in Dakar , Senegal contributed to this report .
April 3 DDR Corp :
* DDR streamlines organization
* DDR Corp - changes will result in elimination of 65 existing positions
* DDR Corp- changes are expected to generate a stabilized annual reduction to recurring general and administrative expenses of approximately $ 6 million
* DDR Corp - expects that vast majority of its employees will remain based in Beachwood , Ohio headquarters locatio
* DDR Corp - G & A expenses exclude one-time charge to earnings of about $ 7.2 million associated with transition Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
WASHINGTON — The holiday spirit not only brings families together , but it also brings out the spirits themselves — i.e. , alcohol .
And with young eyes watching , it 's important for parents to recognize these festive moments that shape their kids ' developing attitudes toward drinking .
It 's also important to be prepared for an uncomfortable question : “ Can I have some , too ? ”
For some parents , there might be a reluctant “ yes. ” But there are two very big problems with that , said parenting blogger Leslie Morgan Steiner .
The first : alcohol 's health impact on young brains . Teenage brain research shows that underage drinking can permanently damage both the frontal lobe and hippocampus — as well as impair judgment and lead to other risky behaviors .
Related Stories DC has the highest percentage of heavy drinkers Business & Finance
“ It 's critical for development to delay the initial alcohol use as long as possible , ” Steiner said . Delaying that first drink allows both social and brain development to mature as much as possible before an adult beverage interferes with this process , they said .
Legal risk is the other problem . Parents who choose to say “ yes ” obviously put themselves at great risk of both civil and criminal liability .
Make it a teachable moment
And while just saying “ no ” as other adults partake is the right call , it 's important also to use a holiday gathering as a teachable moment for your kids , regardless of age .
“ Our job as parents is to give them information about how to drink responsibly [ and ] model responsible drinking — long before our kids take a first sip of alcohol , ” said Steiner .
“ If you can talk to your kids when they 're 7 , 8 , 9 about this , it 's going to be a lot easier when they 're 15 , 16 , 17 and the stakes are a lot higher , ” they said .
So limit yourself to two drinks , do n't glorify your own drinking experiences , and do n't “ cover it up ” if they see someone who is obviously drunk .
“ It 's smart to just tackle that head-on without being overly judgmental or snarky about it and say , ‘ Look , that 's why I do n't want you drinking , ' ” said Steiner , who prefers to package advice into short , easily deliverable soundbites such as :
“ I trust you , but I do n't necessarily trust alcohol and how it makes people act . ”
“ The family would never be the same if something terrible happened to you because of alcohol . ”
“ It 's a pretty grim , ” they said . “ But trust me , it gets kids ' attention , and they 'll remember it when you 're not there and they 're trying to stand up to peer pressure . ”
Holiday festivities also present a chance , they said , to discuss the additional risks alcohol presents in the form of drunken driving and sexual assault .
“ It 's a great opportunity to just kind of jump in with both feet and say , ‘ You know , since you brought it up and you asked for this sip , let me talk to you about some of the hard realities here , ' ” Steiner said .
The conversation evolves
One group that has promoted an ongoing discussion of underage drinking 's impact is the nonprofit Foundation for Advancing Alcohol Responsibility . Their approach is one of an ongoing conversation that begins early and evolves as kids enter adulthood .
For instance , the group 's “ Ask Listen Learn ” program emphasizes the health risks to younger kids , said Ralph Blackman , the ‎foundation 's president and CEO . As kids enter high school , they said , parents might emphasize additional messages about the safety risks of drunken driving ( and the importance of phoning home for a ride to avoid dangerous situations ) .
As teens enter college , and they 're out on their own , it 's about emphasizing the legal risks of underage drinking .
“ Hopefully , again , these are not conversations that are beginning in their 20s , but they 're conversations that are beginning before when they 're in elementary school , ” Blackman said .
Do n't exclude them
Such talk of health , safety , legalities and the like only go so far with kids who understandably do n't want to be left out . And as the family gathers for a holiday toast , it 's important to accompany any conversations with a reminder that they are family , too .
“ From a parent 's perspective , you want your kids to feel like they 're part of the celebration , ” said Leticia Ball , a D.C.-based parenting expert who 's also a member of the foundation 's advisory board .
Ginger ale , sparkling fruit juice or a “ mocktail , ” served in a fancy glass , can help emphasize that reminder . Ball cited their own experience having Shirley Temples with their grandparents when they went out to dinner .
“ It was n't something I usually had at home , ” Ball said . “ It was something special for when we went out . As a kid , that made me feel really great and part of a celebration . ”
It 's one example of how parents can remember what it feels like to be a kid — and that 's important , Steiner said .
“ Know that your kids have a skewed view of [ drinking ] , ” they said , “ and part of our job as parents is to normalize this and to assure them that not everybody is drinking . ”
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @ WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others .
© 2017 WTOP . All Rights Reserved .
READY FOR TAKE-OFF : Alberta Ferretti has a packed schedule for the upcoming Milan Men 's Fashion Week .
On June 15 , the designer will not only show their resort 2019 and demi-couture limited-edition collections , but also unveil the staff uniforms they created for Italy 's largest airline company , Alitalia .
“ This is a unique and exciting project that I took to heart from the very beginning , ” said Ferretti , who will stage the show at Palazzo Reale , the city 's royal palace .
Meanwhile , the fashion house released two sketches of the uniforms on Wednesday . Stewards will wear navy suits bearing green details on the jacket 's pockets and golden buttons . White shirts and ties nodding to the airline signature green and red colors will complete the look .
The women 's alternative is represented by a navy skirt suit paired with a white shirt and styled with a green and red silk scarf , a belt and cuffs .
As reported in November , the uniforms will replace those designed by Italian haute couturier Ettore Bilotta in 2016 . Back then , Ferretti said they had “ welcomed the opportunity to create a special collection [ that ] symbolizes Italy and brings the best of Italian creativity , elegance and style in the world ” as the airline company “ is a well-recognized and an institutional symbol for our country . ”
HOUSTON ( AP ) — A security researcher disclosed a gaping security hole at the outfit that manages Georgia 's election technology , days before the state holds a closely watched congressional runoff vote on June 20 .
The security failure left the state 's 6.7 million voter records and other sensitive files exposed to hackers , and may have been left unpatched for seven months . The revealed files might have allowed attackers to plant malware and possibly rig votes or wreak chaos with voter rolls during elections .
Georgia is especially vulnerable to such disruption , as the entire state relies on antiquated touchscreen voting machines that provide no hardcopy record of votes , making it all but impossible to tell if anyone has manipulated the tallies .
The true dimensions of the failure were first reported Wednesday by Politico Magazine . The affected Center for Election Systems referred all questions to its host , Kennesaw State University , which declined comment . In March , the university had mischaracterized the flaw 's discovery as a security breach .
Logan Lamb , a 29-year-old Atlanta-based private security researcher formerly with Oak Ridge National Laboratory , made the discovery last August . They told The Associated Press they decided to go public after the publication last week of a classified National Security Agency report describing a sophisticated scheme , allegedly by Russian military intelligence , to infiltrate local U.S. elections systems using phishing emails .
The NSA report offered the most detailed account yet of an attempt by foreign agents to probe the rickety and poorly funded U.S. elections system . The Department of Homeland Security had previously reported attempts last year to gain unauthorized access to voter registration databases in 20 states — one of which , in Illinois , succeeded , though the state says no harm resulted .
It also emboldened Lamb to come forward with their findings . Lamb discovered the security hole — a misconfigured server — one day as they did a search of the Kennesaw State election-systems website . There , they found a directory open to the internet that contained not just the state voter database , but PDF files with instructions and passwords used by poll workers to sign in to a central server used on Election Day , said Lamb .
“ It was an open invitation to anybody pretending to even know a little bit about computers to get into the system , ” said Marilyn Marks , an election-transparency activist whose Colorado-based foundation participated in a failed lawsuit that sought to bar the use of paperless voting machines in next week 's election .
The directory of files “ was already indexed by Google , ” Lamb said in an interview — meaning that anyone could have found it with the right search . Lamb said they notified the center 's director , Merle King , who assured them the hole would be patched and who asked to keep their discovery to himself .
Politico reported that the center never notified the secretary of state 's office , which oversees elections and contracts with Kennesaw State to manage the technology part . The Associated Press left a phone message and sent email to King seeking comment but they did not immediately respond .
Lamb said they decided not to disclose the problem at the time — mostly because they “ did n't want to needlessly escalate things ” prior to the Nov. 8 general election . But in March , a security colleague Lamb had told about the flaw , checked out the center 's website and discovered that the vulnerabilities had only been partially fixed .
“ We were both pretty floored , ” said Lamb .
The researcher , Chris Grayson , said he , too , was able to access the same voter record database and other sensitive files in a publicly accessible directory . Grayson contacted a friend who is a professor at Kennesaw State . Two days later , the FBI was called in to investigate .
It did not bring charges against either researcher , finding no evidence of illegal entry . “ At the end of the day we were doing what we thought was in the best interest of the republic — informing the parties that needed to be privy to this sort of issue , ” said Grayson .
The special election next Tuesday will fill the seat vacated by Republican Tom Price after they were named Health and Human Services Secretary . It has attracted national attention , including that of President Donald Trump , for whom it could be a bellwether .
First-time candidate Jon Ossoff is a Democrat with a national security background . Their GOP opponent is former Georgia Secretary of State Karen Handel .
WASHINGTON — Justin Trudeau says they pushed for an exemption on Canadian steel and aluminum imports to the United States during their phone call this week with Vice-President Mike Pence .
The prime minister says the government is pushing the U.S. on multiple economic fronts , including getting a deal on a renegotiated NAFTA .
Using a national-security clause in U.S. trade law , President Donald Trump is threatening to slap potentially crippling steel and aluminium tariffs on Canada , Mexico and other countries when their exemptions are due to expire Friday .
Pence `` seemed to understand very clearly that national-security issues do n't really apply when you talk about steel or aluminum from Canada , '' Trudeau said of their conversation .
`` We 're continuing to work , highlighting that it would be not great for Canadian workers and Canadian industry , obviously , but it also would be difficult for American workers , American jobs and American consumers , who will pay more for various products . ''
That is on top of intense effort by Canada , the U.S. and Mexico to get a deal on a renegotiated North American Free Trade Agreement in time for the current iteration of the U.S. Congress , and ahead of what 's expected to be a turning-point election in Mexico on July 1 .
Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland pushed the steel and NAFTA issues during their meeting Tuesday in Washington with Trump 's trade czar Robert Lighthizer .
`` Canada considers it frankly absurd that we would in any way be considered a national security threat to the United States , '' they said of the tariff threat , which comes under Sec . 232 of the U.S. Trade Expansion Act .
`` I would like to absolutely assure Canadians , particularly those that work in the steel and aluminum industries , that the government is absolutely prepared to and will defend Canadian industries and Canadian jobs . We will respond appropriately . ''
Freeland left Washington empty-handed earlier today , while Lighthizer and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross were off to Paris to talk tariffs with nervous European Union counterparts .
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau spoke on the phone with Mexico 's President-elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador on Monday to discuss the stalled renegotiation process of the North American Free Trade Agreement between Canada , the United States and Mexico , according to the Prime Minister 's Office .
Trudeau personally congratulated the leftist-populist Mexican leader on their landslide victory in Sunday 's election that saw Lopez Obrador 's party and its allies also winning control of the Mexican senate .
“ The Prime Minister and the President-elect look forward to cooperating on an agenda to create good jobs for people in both countries , ” said a readout of the phone conversation released by the PMO .
“ They discussed the mutually beneficial economic and trading relationship between the two countries , and their shared priority of updating the North American Free Trade Agreement for the betterment of their peoples . ”
Lopez Obrador , who takes office in December , said on Monday that they will be respectful of the current government 's NAFTA negotiators and that their transition team will seek to join the trade talks .
“ We 're going to accompany the current government in this negotiation , we 're going to be very respectful , and we 're going to support the signing of the agreement , ” they told Milenio TV .
The 64-year-old former mayor of Mexico City , who became the first leftist to win the Mexican presidency since one-party rule ended in 2000 , also spoke with U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday , with the two maverick leaders discussing immigration , trade and security issues in a phone call .
Lopez Obrador , who says they want firm but friendly relations with Washington , said they would discuss NAFTA with outgoing President Enrique Pena Nieto when they have their first meeting after the election , set for Tuesday .
With files from Reuters and The Associated Press
Gatineau police arrested a man and a woman at a Mont-Bleu apartment complex Saturday evening after a bullet had broken through a balcony window on a nearby street the night before , injuring a young woman .
Tactical officers entered the back of the eight-storey building at 8 Radisson St. around noon , with the seventh floor the focus of police activity . There were already several police cars on the grounds of Les Jardins Radisson before a mobile command unit arrived .
Police said Saturday night that no charges had yet been laid .
On Friday just after 8 p.m. , someone shot a bullet through a balcony window on Tassé Street . The bullet went into the apartment but did n't strike anyone . A woman received facial injuries from the broken glass but did n't require hospital treatment .
The woman declined to comment further to this newspaper on Saturday about the shooting .
Many residents who live in the Radisson Street apartment complex did n't know why police cars were all over the property . Residents said police dogs were combing the grounds earlier in the day .
By mid-afternoon , police had restricted vehicular access to the interior roadways of the apartment complex , letting people drive out but not re-enter . A line of cars formed at the front gate of the apartment complex , drivers who simply wanted to go back to their units .
Gatineau police were investigating an apartment complex on Radisson Street in the Mont Bleu district on Saturday after a bullet went through the balcony window of a unit on nearby Tassé Street.An STO bus arrived to keep people warm .
An Ottawa Police Service cruiser was also on the scene .
Police started removing the security perimeter early Saturday evening .
Pierre Jacques said they were in their apartment lobby at 8 Radisson St. on Saturday when a woman asked them where they could find a payphone .
Jacques did n't know where a payphone was , so they offered their cellphone .
“ She looked anxious and really nervous , and they were pacing , ” they said .
When Jacques left the building , police signalled them over and asked why they were talking with the woman .
“ That 's when they told me they were a suspect in a shooting of some sort that happened ( Friday ) night , ” Jacques said .
They spent about two hours with police Saturday morning providing a description of the woman : about 5-10 , wearing “ scrappy ” jeans and appearing anxious . Jacques had never seen them in the building before .
Tactical officers pulled up to a back entrance of 8 Radisson in a brown van with dark tinted windows . Patrol officers , who were stationed near the door , helped residents leave the building and find their way off the property through a zig-zag of cruisers and past a mobile command post .
Police had no information about suspects or the status of the tactical operation . No officers were at the scene who were authorized to provide details .
On Saturday afternoon , no police were outside the apartment that had been hit by a bullet on Friday night . All of the police activity was concentrated on the Radisson apartment complex .
People who live in the Mont-Bleu neighbourhood described a heavy police presence after the shooting .
Caroline Levasseur said they saw police running and yelling Friday night .
News of a shooting near their home did n't shake Levasseur .
“ It 's not the first time , ” they said .
The neighbourhood also saw heightened police activity last month when a fire forced the evacuation of a small apartment building on Tassé Street . Police charged a man with arson .
jwilling @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/JonathanWilling
NASHVILLE , Tenn. ( AP ) - Country music journalist , publicist and songwriter Hazel Smith has died . They were 83 .
Them granddaughter Tara Bruchas said they died at a Nashville hospital on Sunday .
Smith is credited with coining the term `` outlaw country '' in the 1970s . They worked as a publicist for Kinky Friedman and worked out of Tompall Glaser 's studio with artists like Waylon Jennings and Willie Nelson . And it was there they came up with the movement 's moniker for artists who were bucking Music Row trends .
They wrote a regular popular column for `` Country Music '' magazine , as well as writing for other outlets , and had songs recorded by Tammy Wynette and Dr. Hook . They also worked with Ricky Skaggs and Sharon White and was the host of a CMT series `` Southern Fried Flicks . ''
LAKE BUENA VISTA , Fla. ( AP ) — Fittingly , Jack Morris reached the Hall of Fame in extra innings .
Morris was elected to the Hall by its Modern Era committee on Sunday along with former Detroit Tigers teammate Alan Trammell , completing a joint journey from Motown to Cooperstown .
The big-game pitcher and star shortstop were picked by 16 voters who considered 10 candidates whose biggest contributions came from 1970-87 . Morris got 14 votes and Trammell drew 13 , one more than the minimum needed .
They will be enshrined on July 29 , and fitting they 'll go in together . They both began their big league careers in 1977 with Detroit and played 13 seasons alongside each other with the Tigers .
“ The time that I 've spent wondering if this day would ever come seems to be vanished and erased right now because it did come , and it 's amazing , ” the 62-year-old Morris said during a conference call .
Trammell felt overwhelmed .
“ I came to realization that it might not happen , and I was OK with that . I really was , ” they said . “ If people thought it was a tad short , I could live with that . ”
Former catcher Ted Simmons fell one vote shy , and former players ' union head Marvin Miller was five short of the 12 needed .
“ It 's not a big surprise , ” Miller 's son , Peter , said from Japan . “ I think my father 's place in history is understood by all baseball players , all baseball fans and the general public . ”
Morris had 254 wins and seven more in the postseason , including their 10-inning shutout in a 1-0 win for Minnesota over Atlanta in Game 7 of the 1991 World Series .
“ No question it was my defining moment in baseball , ” Morris said . “ I never thought I was in trouble and I knew I could get out of it if I was . So I had the best mindset I 've ever had in my entire on that night . ”
Morris also pitched for World Series winners in Detroit — with Trammell , in 1984 — and Toronto in 1992 . Their 3.90 career ERA tops Red Ruffing 's 3.80 as the highest of any pitcher in the Hall .
“ For years my earned run average has been an issue for a lot of people that thought it was not good enough for Hall of Fame honors , but I never once thought about pitching for an ERA . I always thought about completing games , starting games , eating up innings and trying to win games more importantly than anything else , ” they said . “ Today 's generation is different . In my heart of hearts I do n't think for a second that guys that are pitching , the elite guys especially that are pitching in the game today , could not do what we did . I know they could . But they have n't been conditioned to it , both physically and mentally . ”
Their 175 complete games included 20 in 1983 . The entire big league total this year was 59 , and no pitcher had more than five . They said sabermetrics should not be used to evaluate their era .
“ Now I 'm getting analyzed by a bunch of numbers and things that did n't exist when I played , they said . “ Had they existed maybe I would have had a better understanding of what it would have meant to not pitch through pain , to not go deeper into games on nights that I told my manager , ‘ I 'm fine ' when I was n't . But I do n't regret doing that , because if you go to the wall and never try to push down the wall , you 'll never know if you can . ”
Now 59 , Trammell was a steady presence in the middle of the diamond while playing all 20 of their seasons in Detroit , 19 of them next to double-play partner Lou Whitaker .
Trammell was the 1984 World Series MVP , hitting .450 as the Tigers trounced San Diego in five games and finished off a season in which they started out 35-5 .
A six-time All-Star and four-time Gold Glover , Trammell scored 1,231 runs and drove in 1,003 . They batted .285 with 185 home runs and a .352 on-base average — they walked 850 times and struck out 874 .
Trammell never came close to election during their 15 tries in Hall voting by Baseball Writers ' Association of America members , peaking at 40.9 percent in 2016 . Starting at 22 percent in their first Hall ballot appearance in 2000 , Morris reached at high of 67.7 percent in 2003 , their next to last appearance .
Trammell 's next visit to the Hall will certainly last longer than their first trip to the shrine in upstate New York . That was in 1995 , when the Tigers played the Cubs in the Hall of Fame exhibition game .
Wearing their No . 3 jersey , Trammell jogged the couple blocks and hurried through the Hall in 30 minutes while the teams were limbering up at Doubleday Field .
“ I definitely want to come back some day , ” they said that afternoon , “ but I probably would n't go through it in my uniform . ”
Steve Garvey , Tommy John , Don Mattingly , Dale Murphy , Dave Parker and Luis Tiant also were on the ballot .
Miller , who headed the players ' union from 1966-82 was on the ballot for the seventh time . Miller sent a letter to the BBWAA in 2008 , four years before they died , saying they did n't want to be considered anymore .
The BBWAA annual vote on players will be announced Jan. 24 . Chipper Jones , Jim Thome and Omar Vizquel are among 19 first-time candidates , and Trevor Hoffman , Vladimir Guerrero , Edgar Martinez , Roger Clemens and Barry Bonds are among the holdovers .
___
AP Baseball Writer Ben Walker contributed to this report .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Argentinian niche fragrance brand Fueguia 1833 ( Buenos Aires , Argentina ) has opened in first store in New York 's SoHo neighborhood .
At the center of the 592-square-foot location is a large table featuring more than 60 Fueguia 1833 fragrances , each bottle perched on a small , walnut wooden cube , according to Women 's Wear Daily . The SoHo store also features an “ ingredients bar , ” showcasing the almost 300 natural ingredients used in the fragrances .
Fueguia 1833 also operates stores in Buenos Aires , Argentina ; Taipei , Taiwan ; Tokyo and Zurich .
THE HAGUE , Netherlands ( AP ) — Eberhaard van der Laan , the popular mayor of Amsterdam who ran the city with both a firm hand and compassionate touch , has died after a long battle with lung cancer . They were 62 .
Amsterdam Municipality , which Van der Laan led for seven years before stepping down last month because of their failing health , said early Friday that Van der Laan died Thursday night .
“ Amsterdam weeps for its dear mayor and all of the Netherlands mourns ” with the city , Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte said in a statement .
A lawyer and member of the center-left Labor Party , Van der Laan was a government minister for housing and integration for two years before being appointed mayor in July 2010 . They made headlines in April 2013 when they said they were too busy to meet Vladimir Putin during the Russian president 's visit to Amsterdam .
The move was widely seen as a snub to Putin because of Russian legislation banning gay “ propaganda. ” Rainbow flags flew at half-staff around the city during Putin 's visit .
Soon after taking office , Van der Laan won respect for personally reaching out to parents of children abused by a pedophile in an Amsterdam day care center . They displayed their tough side by cracking down on youth crime and anti-social behavior in neighborhoods .
In a Facebook post , Dutch King Willem-Alexander paid tribute to Van der Laan , calling them “ a driven mayor with a heart for their city and a fiery belief in a society to which everybody belongs . ”
In September , they wrote an open letter to all Amsterdam residents announcing they were setting aside their work . They closed the letter with a line that underscored their affection for both the city and its residents : “ Take good care of our city and of each other . Farewell . ”
Following the announcement , hundreds of people gathered outside their official residence , a historic canal-side mansion , and applauded the mayor .
Van der Laan is survived by their wife , Femke , and five children . Funeral arrangements were n't immediately announced .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says they voted Republican Pause
1:41 Fly Ty and Jacinda Jacobs on togetherness
0:51 Marvin Williams : Charlotte Hornets still headed to playoffs
1:44 Trump administration putting 'Iran on notice '
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook 's old lake front house
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview : 3 storylines for 2017
1:23 Gamecock baseball coach Chad Holbrook sold their house , here 's what it looks like
By FRED GOODALL , AP Sports Writer
TAMPA , Fla. ( AP ) — Tom Brady tied the NFL record for regular season wins with some timely help from a porous New England defense showing signs of improvement .
Brady threw for 303 yards and one touchdown , and the Patriots held off the Tampa Bay Buccaneers 19-14 to rebound from a last-second loss that left them searching for answers to defensive woes .
The Super Bowl champions rebounded from a 33-30 loss to Carolina , despite Brady turning the ball over twice — on their first interception in eight regular-season games and a fumble on one of Tampa Bay 's three sacks .
On a night when the offense gained 402 yards but only got in the end zone once , Brady lauded the defense , which slowed the Bucs down just enough to get the victory .
“ They kept us in it all night , ” Brady said . “ I wish we could have scored more points offensively , but defense really held their own . ”
Neither of Brady 's turnovers led to points for the Bucs ( 2-2 ) , who were been unable to do much offensively until the fourth quarter , when their comeback bid was hindered by two missed field goals .
“ We responded , ” Patriots coach Bill Belichick said after the defense , which yielded 456 yards and 32 points per game through the first four weeks of the season , contained the NFL 's No . 3 ranked passing attack until Jameis Winston rallied their team in the final 15 minutes .
“ They had 100 yards in the first half . They moved the ball some . We made some plays . They made some plays , ” Belichick added . “ ( Giving up ) a lot fewer points , you got a chance to win . ”
Brady threw a 5-yard TD pass to Chris Hogan in the second quarter , and Stephen Gostkowski kicked field goals of 27 , 23 , 45 and 48 yards for the Patriots ( 3-2 ) .
Jameis Winston rallied Tampa Bay late with an 18-yard TD pass to Cameron Brate that trimmed New England 's lead to 16-14 with 2:09 remaining .
After Gostkowski 's fourth goal put the Patriots up by five , Winston marched the Bucs from their 25 to the Patriots 19 before throwing an incompletion on the final play .
It might not have come down to a last-minute drive if not for another poor performance by Tampa Bay 's Nick Folk .
The veteran kicker missed two field goals and an extra-point before beating the New York Giants on a last-second kick last week . They missed three more field goals Thursday night , including a 31-yarder in the fourth quarter that would have cut a nine-point deficit to six with just under six minutes to go .
“ I left points out there , ” said Folk , who also misfired from 56 yards just before halftime and 49 yards on the second play of the fourth quarter . “ We should have won the game 20-19 , so this one 's on me . ”
With their 186th career regular-season win as a starter , Brady tied Brett Favre and Peyton Manning for the most by a quarterback in NFL history . They also have 25 postseason victories , including five Super Bowls .
Playing without injured star tight end Rob Gronkowski ( thigh ) , Brady was 30 of 40 passing with one interception . Danny Amendola had eight catches for 77 yards and Hogan had eight for 74 yards .
Defensively , the Patriots entered the night on pace to yield more than yards than any team in league history .
And , Winston and a young Tampa Bay offense that 's progressively gotten better since they were selected first overall in the 2015 draft was hoping to be the latest beneficiary of New England 's struggles .
Running back Doug Martin provided a lift in their return from a suspension for violating the NFL 's policy on performance enhancers with 74 yards rushing and one TD .
But one week after throwing for 332 yards and three touchdowns without an interception and overcoming a pair of fourth-quarter deficits to beat the Giants , Winston was unable to move the ball consistently until the fourth quarter .
The Bucs did n't have a third-down conversion until late in the third quarter , and Martin 's 1-yard TD came on a drive the Patriots kept alive with a hands-to-the-face penalty on third down .
Winston threw for 225 yards in the fourth quarter , finishing 26 of 45 with 334 yards and zero interceptions . DeSean Jackson had five receptions for 106 yards .
“ You ca n't play them over again , ” Bucs coach Dirk Koetter said . “ We let this one slip away . It was a good opportunity . ”
STREAK ENDS
Brady opened the game with four straight completions before throwing their first interception of the season , overthrowing a wide-open Hogan in the middle of the field to end a streak of 264 pass attempts without an interception .
BOUNCING BACK
Since 2003 , New England is 44-6 in regular-season games following a loss . The Patriots have dropped back-to-back games only six times during that time span — in 2006 , 2009 , 2011 , 2012 and twice in 2015 . As a starter , Brady is 44-10 in games following a loss .
RING OF HONOR
The Buccaneers honored Malcolm Glazer at halftime , inducting the late owner into the Ring of Honor at Raymond James Stadium .
Glazer , whose family still runs the team , died in 2014 at the age of 85 . They purchased the franchise in 1995 for a then-record $ 192 million .
The late owner joins Hall of Famers Lee Roy Selmon , Warren Sapp and Derrick Brooks , as well as former coach John McKay , Doug Williams , Jimmie Giles , Mike Alstott , John Lynch and Paul Gruber inductees . Former coach Jon Gruden , who led the Bucs to their only Super Bowl title after being acquired in a trade Glazer approved 15 years ago , will be inducted on Dec. 18 .
INJURIES
Patriots : Gronkowski was added the injury report after Wednesday 's practice , listed as questionable . … The Patriots did not report any injuries during the game .
Buccaneers : Played with three defensive starters — LBs Lavonte David ( ankle ) and Kwon Alexander ( hamstring ) , and S Keith Tandy ( hip ) . Tandy 's backup T.J. Ward ( hip ) was inactive , too . … DB Josh Robinson left the game in the first half with a concussion . … DE Ryan Russell injured their shoulder in the second quarter and did not return .
UP NEXT
Patriots : At New York Jets on Oct. 15
Buccaneers : Begin stretch in which they 'll play six of eight games on the road , visiting Arizona on Oct. 15 .
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL .
( Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . )
A tank 's internal structure presents exceptional challenges for protective coatings . Even a primer coating is not a complete solution and may result in leakage or spillage . Tank liners refer to the finishing coating applied on tanks in order to minimize the corrosion and resulting failure of the primer coating . Some of the key issues faced in tanks include limited protection for the tank fabric and the risk of the stored product getting contaminated . In order to deal with these difficulties , tank lining products of different materials exhibiting exceptional anticorrosive performance and chemical resistance are required . Tank lining is often used as a finish coat in combination with anti-corrosive primers . This makes cleaning after spillage easier and also ensures the long-lasting effectiveness of the coating system .
Request Report Brochure @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=24752
Surface preparation is accomplished prior to the tank lining process . In order to protect the freshly blast-cleaned steel during the application of paint ; a holding primer is required while applying the coating onto steel tanks and vessels . This must be compatible with the tank lining system and become an integral part of the total coating system . Storage tanks are used to stock products over long periods of time . The material selection for the tank lining depends on the type of fluid stored inside . Thus , proper selection is needed to avoid the softening or even failure of the primer coating . The lifespan of a tank lining is around 8 years . In the course of this time , several external influences may change , making predicting the future highly difficult .
Key challenges faced by the tank lining market vary greatly between industries depending on the chemical stored to the difference in temperature . As tanks are a source of revenue , it is not desirable to take them out of service for programmed maintenance . A coating system with an extended lifetime creates an excellent economic advantage without any breakdown , spillage , or leaks . Effective tank lining cuts down the storage cost if the correct procedures for preparation and application are followed . Minor maintenance can be carried out without recoating the whole tank .
Read Report Overview @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/tank-liners-market.html
Tank liners can be segmented on the basis of application into the following groups : water tanks , fuel tanks , and others . Tank liner materials are widely used in several industries such as chemicals , oil & gas , and water storage & treatment . By tank lining material type , the market can be segregated into the following sections : epoxy tank lining , synthetic rubber , polypropylene lining , and others . Several companies involved in the tank lining business normally sign short-term or long-term contracts with the fuel or water storage entities .
About Us
Transparency Market Research ( TMR ) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services . The company 's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers . TMR 's experienced team of analysts , researchers , and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information .
TMR 's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information . With extensive research and analysis capabilities , Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports .
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower ,
90 State Street ,
Suite 700 ,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel : +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free : 866-552-3453
Email : sales @ transparencymarketresearch.com
Website : http : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Bolivian army officers and Aymara spiritual guides watch live transmission of a court session at the International Court of Justice in The Hague , where Bolivia presents its arguments for access to the sea , in Plaza Murillo in La Paz , Bolivia , Monday , March 19 , 2018 . Bolivia made an emotional appeal for the court to order Chile to enter talks over granting the landlocked South American nation access to the Pacific Ocean , saying the dispute will remain a source of conflict if it 's not resolved . Bolivia lost its only seacoast to Chile in a war between from 1879 to 1883 . ( AP Photo )
Bolivian army officers and Aymara spiritual guides watch live transmission of a court session at the International Court of Justice in The Hague , where Bolivia presents its arguments for access to the sea , in Plaza Murillo in La Paz , Bolivia , Monday , March 19 , 2018 . Bolivia made an emotional appeal for the court to order Chile to enter talks over granting the landlocked South American nation access to the Pacific Ocean , saying the dispute will remain a source of conflict if it 's not resolved . Bolivia lost its only seacoast to Chile in a war between from 1879 to 1883 . ( AP Photo )
THE HAGUE , Netherlands ( AP ) - Bolivia made an emotional appeal Monday for the International Court of Justice to order Chile to enter talks over granting its landlocked neighbor access to the Pacific Ocean , saying the dispute will remain a source of conflict if it 's not resolved .
Bolivia lost its only seacoast to Chile during a war that lasted between 1879 and 1883 . The nation has demanded ocean access for generations and accuses Chile of reneging on pledges to negotiate .
`` For 139 years , Bolivia has suffered the historical injustice of becoming landlocked , '' former Bolivian President Eduardo Rodriguez Veltze told judges at the world court 's headquarters , the Peace Palace , in the Netherlands . `` Restoring Bolivia 's sovereign access to the sea would make a small difference to Chile , but it would transform the destiny of Bolivia . ''
Chile argues that its border with Bolivia was settled in a 1904 treaty and that it 's not under any legal obligation to negotiate . Chile 's lawyers will present their case later this week .
Prof. Payam Akhavan , a lawyer representing Bolivia , said that despite the treaty , Chile had made repeated pledges to find a solution to the dispute .
`` If the 1904 treaty settled all issues for all times , if there was no remaining dispute , why did the parties continue to negotiate sovereign access for more than a century ? '' they said .
`` This case is not an academic exercise . It is not mere political posturing , '' Akhavan told the International Court judges . `` The people have suffered real and continuing injury . Chile can not sweep this dispute under the carpet . It will remain a constant source of conflict until it is resolved . ''
Hundreds of Bolivians followed the beginning of the trial on giant screens set up in public squares . In La Paz , traditional shamans performed an offering Monday to the Andean goddess Pachamama , which in English translates to Mother Earth , at the square in front of the presidential palace .
Vice President Alvaro Garcia , several cabinet ministers , military and police chiefs attended the ceremony .
In the Netherlands , Rodriguez said that Bolivia 's lack of direct access to the sea is holding back its economy .
`` It is estimated that if Bolivia had not been stripped of the sea , the annual GDP ( gross domestic product ) growth could be at least 20 percent higher , '' they told judges .
Rulings by the court , the United Nations ' highest judicial organ , are final and binding . Judges will likely take months to issue a decision .
The Overland Park Police Department is asking for help in locating a missing and endangered person .
Police say Timothy Scott Farquhar , 48 , went missing around 8:45 p.m. Tuesday . They left their home in the area of 8400 W. 98th Circle driving a red 2003 Ford Explorer bearing a Kansas tag of 797CFS .
Farquhar was wearing a gray hooded sweatshirt , black jeans , black tennis shoes , and a baseball hat . They are 5-feet , 7-inches tall and weighs around 130 pounds , with blue eyes and a shaved head .
A release from Overland Park Police Capt . Jeff Burvee says Farquhar left without their medication , causing authorities to be concerned over their well-being .
The photo provided by police shows Farquhar wearing facial hair . Burvee says they are currently clean shaven .
Anyone with information regarding Farquhar 's whereabouts is asked to call the Overland Park Police Department at 913-895-6300 .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
GREENE TOWNSHIP -- Nicholas Meat has been in business in the Loganton area for more than 30 years . The slaughterhouse employs over 200 people and processes around 500 cattle a day . But many people who live near the plant have a problem with it .
`` You ca n't even have your windows open because it smells , '' Mary Brungard said .
The smell is something people are tired of .
`` Mornings and evenings are the worst . Do n't hang my clothes out anymore . I do n't want my clothes to smell like that , '' Tara Tressler said .
`` I hold Mother 's Day . Well , you ca n't hold it outside because you do n't know if it smells . And it 's on a Sunday . Mother 's Day is on a Sunday . And it still smells on Sunday , '' Brungard said .
Sugar Valley Regional Charter School is within a mile of Nicholas Meat . Some teachers tell Newswatch 16 the smell has made children nauseated .
`` A lot of them live in this area so it 's something they deal with all the time , '' Angela Basalla said .
Residents tell Newswatch 16 , despite complaints , nothing has been done about the smell . Township supervisors tell us something different .
Township supervisors tell Newswatch 16 the owners of Nicholas Meat recently bought land across the street and plan to put in equipment that will cut down on the smell .
Owners plan to buy a digester , which breaks down the waste products from the plant and turns it into fertilizer . Nicholas Meat is waiting for land development plans to go through to start building .
In the meantime , some residents are taking things a step further .
`` We did go to the commissioners to get our property values lowered because it 's worth nothing because of that smell , '' Brungard said .
One township resident was able to get their taxes lowered . Commissioners say they are taking this case by case . Neighbors say they just want the odor taken care of .
`` I love it here , it 's just the smell . It 's terrible , '' Tressler said .
Pennsylvania 's Department of Environmental Protection is investigating , but would not comment . The owners of Nicholas Meat were not available today for comment . Township supervisors tell Newswatch 16 the facility hopes to finish its plans to fix the stench within a year .
Join us at the Historic Baldwin Hall for an evening of food and fun as we raise money to support the ongoing preservation projects at the pre-Revolutionary Rising Sun Inn located on the famed Washington Rochambeau Revolutionary Route , Generals Highway , in Crownsville , Maryland . The Tipple and Toast Benefit Evening , hosted by Friends of the Rising Sun Inn , will be on May 6 , 2017 , from 5 – 9 p.m. , at Baldwin Hall , 1358 Millersville Road , Millersville , Maryland . Admission is $ 35 per person and features hors d'oeuvres , a buffet dinner , wine bar , the Annapolis Town Crier , historical interpreter Diana Rey , music by harpist Jan Holland , and a concert by the Annapolis Chorale 's Women 's Cantori . The dress is informal and the benefit will include a charity auction , wine and spoon pulls , and a raffle . Also included with the admission ticket , is a docent-led tour of the historic Rising Sun Inn , 1090 Generals Highway , Crownsville , from 3-5 p.m. Additionally , the 1840 School House and the Cora Anderson Dulaney Library located on the grounds of Baldwin Hall will be open during the evening for tours . The Rising Sun Inn , a colonial era farmhouse and tavern located in Crownsville was built by Edward Baldwin , circa 1753 , and is a rare surviving example of a pre-Revolutionary framed farmhouse .
For information or to purchase tickets for the event contact Kris Jenkins at 410-365-4489 or by email [ email protected ] . All proceeds raised will support the much need repairs and the ongoing preservation and restoration of the Inn to include painting the Inn , a new carriage house roof , and foundation repair . The Friends of the Rising Sun Inn is a non-profit , 501 ( c ) 3 charitable organization established to provide funding for the preservation , restoration , repair , maintenance , and operation of the Rising Sun Inn and property as an historical site and museum . The Rising Sun Inn is listed with the National Registry of Historic Places .
Related
Category : Events , LIFE IN THE AREA , Local News , NEWS , Post To FB
White Americans ' fear of losing their socioeconomic standing in the face of demographic change may be driving opposition to welfare programs , even though whites are major beneficiaries of government poverty assistance , according to new research from the University of California , Berkeley , and Stanford University .
While social scientists have long posited that racial resentment fuels opposition to such anti-poverty programs as food stamps , Medicaid and Temporary Aid to Needy Families , this is the first study to show the correlation experimentally , demonstrating a causal relationship between attitudes to welfare and threatened racial status .
`` With policymakers proposing cuts to the social safety net , it 's important to understand the dynamics that drive the welfare backlash , '' said study lead author Rachel Wetts , a Ph.D. student in sociology at UC Berkeley . `` This research suggests that when whites fear their status is on the decline , they increase opposition to programs intended to benefit poorer members of all racial groups . ''
The findings , to be published May 30 in the journal Social Forces , highlight a welfare backlash that swelled around the 2008 Great Recession and election of Barack Obama .
Notably , the study found anti-welfare sentiment to be selective insofar as threats to whites ' standing led whites to oppose government assistance programs they believed largely benefit minorities , while not affecting their views of programs they thought were more likely to advantage whites .
`` Our findings suggest that these threats lead whites to oppose programs they perceive as primarily benefiting racial minorities , '' said study senior author Robb Willer , a professor of sociology and social psychology at Stanford University .
It is particularly timely in the face of conservative Republican lawmakers ' efforts to cut federal spending by putting social safety net programs like Medicaid and the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program , formerly known as food stamps , on the chopping block .
In the study , researchers tracked a shift in attitudes to welfare around 2008 when Obama , America 's first black president , was elected , and the country was suffering from a major recession whose reverberations continue to impact tens of millions of whites and non-whites alike .
According to census figures , 43 million Americans lived in poverty in 2016 . Whites comprised 43 percent of Medicaid recipients , 36 percent of food stamp recipients and 27 percent of the beneficiaries of Temporary Aid to Needy Families .
`` Welfare programs are race-blind in that all low-income Americans are eligible to receive them , '' Willer said . `` So opposition to them , especially during tough economic times , threatens the same safety net that helps whites , as well as minorities , endure economic hardship . ''
HOW THEY CONDUCTED THE STUDY
In three separate studies , researchers analyzed nationally representative survey data of over 7000 adult American men and women . In addition , they conducted two experiments with 400 participants via Amazon 's Mechanical Turk , an online marketplace .
First , an examination of attitudes to race and welfare in a nationally-representative survey found that whites ' racial resentment rose in 2008 , the same year of the Great Recession and election of Barack Obama , suggesting that perceptions of increased political power among minorities were leading whites to sense a threat to their group 's status . At the same time , researchers discovered , whites ' opposition to welfare increased relative to that of minorities ' .
Next , researchers conducted an experiment in which participants were shown one of two graphs highlighting different aspects of U.S. population trends : One emphasized a stable white majority , and the other emphasized the declining white population in the U.S. White participants who saw information highlighting a decline in the white population reported heightened racial resentment and opposition to welfare programs . And , when asked how they would trim the federal budget , they recommended larger cuts to welfare .
In the third experiment , researchers found that when whites saw a threat to their economic advantage over minorities , they were more likely to want to cut social safety net programs , but only if those programs were portrayed as primarily benefiting minorities , not if they were portrayed as benefiting whites .
`` Overall , these results suggest whites ' perceptions of rising minority power and influence lead them to oppose welfare programs , '' Wetts said .
# # #
LEXINGTON , Ky. ( AP ) — Malik Monk had 20 points and a career-high eight rebounds , Derek Willis had 16 points and No . 13 Kentucky made 10 of its 11 3-point attempts in the first half to roll past Tennessee 83-58 on Tuesday night .
Seeking to stay atop the Southeastern Conference , the Wildcats avenged last month 's 82-80 road loss to the Volunteers with their best performance in a while . Long-range shooting provided the biggest lift as Kentucky ( 21-5 , 11-2 ) made 11 , its first double-digit effort from behind the arc in a month , as Monk and Willis each made four in the first half alone .
The Wildcats held Tennessee ( 14-12 , 6-7 ) to 35 percent shooting and led by as many as 28 points in handing the Volunteers their third loss in four games .
De'Aaron Fox had 13 points and six assists and Bam Adebayo grabbed 12 rebounds in Kentucky 's third straight win .
Admiral Schofield had 17 points and Jordan Bone 15 for Tennessee , which was outrebounded 33-29 .
BIG PICTURE
Tennessee : The Volunteers ' recent shooting struggles continued as they lost their 10th straight at Rupp Arena . After making 42 percent in the loss to Georgia , they were just 18 of 52 from the field ( 35 percent ) and committed 13 turnovers , including consecutive miscues leading to baskets early in the second half . More than anything , they could n't push the tempo and were outscored 18-0 in fast break points .
Kentucky : Good ball movement ( 17 assists ) created good perimeter opportunities for the Wildcats , whose 10 first-half 3s were nearly as many as they had overall against Auburn last month ( 11 ) . Their transition game also clicked throughout and they controlled the paint 32-18 . Defensively , Monk had as many boards in the first half ( 4 ) as the past four games combined and kept it up in the second half .
POLL IMPLICATIONS
Kentucky took a big step toward trying to return to the Top 10 , but needs to follow up at Georgia .
UP NEXT
Tennessee : Hosts Missouri on Saturday .
Kentucky : The Wildcats visit Georgia on Saturday , seeking a better performance against the Bulldogs than the overtime win here two weeks ago .
___
More AP college basketball at http : //collegebasketball.ap.org and https : //twitter.com/AP_Top25
Democratic lobbyist and former Port Authority commissioner Caren Z. Turner cursed out police officers who 'd pulled over a car with their daughter in it this past Easter weekend . They resigned as commissioner on Monday .
On Tuesday , Politico and NJ.com published dashcam video of the traffic stop released by Tenafly , New Jersey police . In it , Turner is seen confronting the officers and flashing their Port Authority badge .
“ You may shut the fuck up , ” Turner is seen telling an officer in the dashcam video at one point . The confrontation began after the officers informed the car 's driver that it would be impounded because it was not registered .
“ I am the commissioner of the Port Authority and I am heading up over 4,000 police officers , okay ? ” Turner said separately . “ So if there 's a problem—
“ There 's no problem , ” the officer responds . “ It 's an unregistered vehicle . ”
Announcing Turner 's resignation Monday , the Port Authority said in part : “ Immediately upon learning of allegations that Commissioner Turner violated the Board 's newly-enacted Code of Ethics , an Inspector General investigation was begun . The investigation revealed conduct that was profoundly disturbing. ” Turner had served as chair of the Port Authority board 's ethics committee .
Watch below via Politico :
Jimmy Fallon is having a political moment .
The Tonight Show host began their opening monologue Monday addressing the rally that left three dead and several injured in Charlottesville , Virginia , calling what occurred “ disgusting ” and saying it was their “ responsibility to stand up against intolerance and extremism as a human being . ”
“ I was sick to my stomach , ” Fallon , 42 , said of watching the rally and the protests that followed on the news .
“ My daughters were in the next room playing and I 'm thinking , ‘ How can I explain to them that there is so much hatred in this world ? ' ” they continued , talking about their two children : Winnie Rose , 4 , and Frances Cole , 2 .
“ They do n't know what hate is , ” they added . “ They just play and they laugh and they have fun . But , as kids grow up , they need people to look up to . ”
Fallon took a moment to criticize President Donald Trump for lagging behind in denouncing the white nationalists who took to Virginia to rally .
“ The fact that it took the president two days to come out and clearly denounce racists and white supremacists is shameful , ” Fallon said .
“ And I think they finally spoke out because people everywhere stood up and said something , ” they added about the president 's second statement on Charlottesville on Monday .
“ It 's important for everyone , especially white people in this country , to speak out against this . Ignoring it is just as bad as supporting it , ” Fallon continued .
“ We all need to stand against what is wrong , acknowledge that racism exists and stand up for what is right and civil and kind , ” they added . “ We can not do this . We ca n't go backward . We ca n't go backward . ”
Fallon , who has repeatedly shied away from politics on the Tonight Show , previously took a stance against Trump in July when they welcomed transgender comedian Patti Harrison on the late-night program following the president 's sweeping ban on transgender people serving in the military .
Gardenhire , 59 , will travel back to Minnesota shortly before mid-April surgery , but the cancer was caught early and the prognosis is good for a full recovery .
Gardenhire told the Arizona Republic that they expect to return roughly six weeks after surgery but added on a conference call with reporters that they still must undergo additional tests to make sure the cancer has n't spread .
“ I do n't think anybody can say 100 percent of anything when you 're dealing with cancer , ” Gardenhire said . “ In talking with the doctors , they 're being pretty optimistic . I feel pretty confident , and they do too , that we 're going to go in there and take this thing out . ”
The second-winningest manager in Twins history , Gardenhire spent last season as a special assistant under former Twins general manager Terry Ryan , themselves treated for cancer in 2014 . Gardenhire managed the Twins to six division titles in their 13-year run from 2002-14 .
Even after getting fired after the 2014 season , Gardenhire continued to undergo annual physicals with Twins internist Dr. Vijay Eyunni . It was during a recent exam that Eyunni noticed Gardenhire 's elevated PSA levels and ordered more tests , which came back positive for prostate cancer .
“ Not only is Dr. Vijay my doctor , he 's a very good friend , ” Gardenhire said . “ He would n't let me go without getting a physical . If I did n't show up when the rest of the guys do in January every year , they call us and says , ‘ Get in here . ' I tip my hat to them because he 's done that for a lot of people , not just me . ”
Toby Gardenhire , the manager 's son , was recently hired to a full-time coaching role with the Gulf Coast League Twins after serving in a part-time capacity last season . The younger Gardenhire spent the past five seasons as head baseball coach at Wisconsin-Stout .
“ That 's bad news , ” Twins closer Glen Perkins said of Ron Gardenhire 's cancer diagnosis . “ I 've known them for a long time . I guess you just pray for them and hope that they catch it early and they 'll be able to get them fixed up . He 's got a good sense of humor . He 's got a great attitude about everything . Hopefully , he 'll continue that . ”
Perkins lost a grandfather to bone cancer that started out as prostate cancer . They were close with former Gophers pitching coach Todd Oakes , who died last spring after a long battle with leukemia , and was part of a contingent of Twins employees that recently visited former Twins bullpen coach Rick Stelmaszek , who is 68 and battling pancreatitis .
“ It 's not fun watching people go through cancer , ” Perkins said . “ I 've had too much experience with that lately . Cancer sucks . ”
Gardenhire said many friends have reached out to them since their diagnosis was revealed , including Diamondbacks team owner Ken Kendrick and team president Derrick Hall , both of whom overcame prostate cancer .
“ There 's a lot of people reaching out to me that have been through it , including some good close friends of mine there in the Twin Cities , ” Gardenhire said . “ Like a lot of people in this country and all over , I 'm joining a fight personally against this thing — cancer . We 're going to attack it . ( Wife ) Carol and I and my kids , we understand it and we 're going to go through it and we 're going to keep our heads high and push on . ”
The St. Paul Pioneer Press is a media partner with Forum News Service
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Are you finding yourself slammed for time when it comes to healthy snacks ? Is it hard squeezing in all those fruits and veggies ?
This new organic snack is making it a whole lot easier .
Organic Slammers are filled with super foods , ready to squeeze right into your busy lifestyle .
But are they super tasty , too ? We asked some climbers at the Wilkes-Barre Rock Climbing Gym to give them a go .
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
The editors of The Wellesley News , the student newspaper of Wellesley College threatened their peers who refuse to conform to the campus ' progressive orthodoxy , in a column that was published this week .
Students at the all-female Wellesley College , the alma mater of both Hillary Clinton and Madeline Albright , are threatening their peers who refuse to tow the progressive line in a recently published column in the student newspaper .
As a part of a wider conversation on hate speech on campus , the student editors of The Wellesley News penned a column ironically titled “ Free Speech is Not Violated At Wellesley , ” that claims that students who “ refuse to adapt their beliefs ” will be treated with hostility by their peers .
This being said , if people are given the resources to learn and either continue to speak hate speech or refuse to adapt their beliefs , then hostility may be warranted . If people continue to support racist politicians or pay for speakers that prop up speech that will lead to the harm of others , then it is critical to take the appropriate measures to hold them accountable for their actions .
The editors begin the column by registering their belief that free speech is not infringed upon at Wellesley College . This is followed by a passionate commitment to ending hate speech on campus .
They eventually claim that they would prefer to educate their intellectually-troubled peers rather than scold them .
It is important to note that our preference for education over beration regards students who may have not been given the chance to learn . Rather , we are not referring to those who have already had the incentive to learn and should have taken the opportunities to do so . Paid professional lecturers and politicians are among those who should know better .
The column quickly spread around social media . Many users expressed their concerns over the Orwellian-attitude of the student editors .
Editors of @ Wellesley newspaper write editorial openly threatening students who do n't conform to their values https : //t.co/mqjkylhjby pic.twitter.com/T9tFoswb09 — Claire Lehmann ( @ clairlemon ) April 14 , 2017
@ Wellesley_News So you 're for free speech .
And forcing people to think as they 're told ; or be faced with hostility .
…
At most , one of those is true . — Bert Difig ( @ BertDifig1 ) April 16 , 2017
@ foxnation @ Wellesley And if we find their views offensive are we justified to use hostility ? Idiots — The Virus ( @ Slyrus3 ) April 16 , 2017
@ Wellesley_News I 'm a dyed-in-the-wool progressive : Your editorial is Orwellian doublespeak for thought control . Awful . — Edward Lewine ( @ EdwardLewine ) April 14 , 2017
@ Wellesley_News You are the people Ray Bradbury warned us about . — Louis Schuh ( @ senschuh ) April 14 , 2017
@ Wellesley_News I am seriously sad for Progressives . They 're insane in the membrane . — Sarah T. ( @ SarahT_in_Prov ) April 14 , 2017
Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News . You can follow them on Twitter @ tciccotta or email them at tciccotta @ breitbart.com
A group of motorcyclists left Beaver Dam , Wisconsin on May 19 with the symbol of our nation 's freedom in tow . The American flag will be escorted through the 48 continental states throughout the summer before returning to Wisconsin where several thousand Americans gather to honor America 's Military and support those wounded in their service .
This massive campaign is known as the Nation of Patriots Tour and will be stopping in Sioux Falls on Wednesday , May 30 at approximately 5:00 PM . at J & L Harley-Davidson on 60th Street North .
The American Flag will be arriving at J & L Harley-Davidson on Wednesday , May 30 around 5:00 PM . Once the flag arrives , we will ride down to Veterans Memorial Park for the transferring of the flag to its new escort . The public is encouraged to stay for the ceremony and passing of the American Flag at Veterans Memorial Park following the ride .
Who : All current and former Military and supporters of the Military
What : Nation of Patriots Tour in Sioux Falls , South Dakota
Where : J & L Harley-Davidson - 2601 W. 60th Street North , Sioux Falls , SD 57107 & Veterans Memorial Park
When : Wednesday , May 30 at 5:00 PM
See Also :
WTOP 's Jason Fraley previews 'Othello ' at Shakespeare Theatre Jason Fraley http : //wtop.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/OTHELLO-jfray.mp3 Download audio
WASHINGTON — It has staged free Shakespeare plays to more than 662,000 residents since 1991 , first at the Carter Barron Amphitheater and now at Shakespeare Theatre Company .
Now , the 27th annual “ Free For All ” series brings “ Othello ” to Sidney Harman Hall from Aug. 15-27 , starring a familiar TV face from ABC 's “ American Crime ” and SyFy 's “ The Magicians . ”
“ I think it 's such a wonderful idea , ” actor Faran Tahir told WTOP . “ It opens new audiences to Shakespeare , it opens new audience to theater , it 's a wonderful opportunity for people to bring their families because tickets can get pricey . It 's a wonderful way to end the summer . ”
Set in 16th century Cyprus , Moorish general Othello ( Tahir ) is promoted to lead the Venetian Army . Tragically , they are manipulated by their deputy Iago ( Jay Whittaker ) to falsely believe that their new bride Desdemona ( Madeleine Rogers ) is having an affair with their loyal lieutenant Cassio ( Patrick Vaill ) . We watch as their promising military career spirals out of control into bloodshed .
“ Iago has a personal vendetta against Othello , because they were passed on for the promotion that Cassio [ got ] , ” Tahir said . “ Iago , through their conniving , crafty ways , puts doubt in Othello 's brain . … Doubt is something a soldier can not afford , because doubt in battle means death . When that drop of doubt is put into their mind , it spreads like cancer . … The tragedy and heroic story of this man is that here is the unraveling and destruction of a very decent human being . ”
While the tale is an overall tragedy , Tahir seeks a redemptive silver lining for their character .
“ He comes back and realizes what has happened , and at that moment , they forgive Iago , ” Tahir said . “ That to me is the real mark of a decent man . That you can commit horrible acts — in rage , in jealousy , in passion — but do you have the ability when you come back to your senses to understand what you have done ? Or will you justify — until the bitter end — your actions ? ”
Such humble self-reflection is a teachable moment for today 's world leaders , who would rather triple down than admit wrongdoing .
It 's just one of the play 's many timely themes .
“ It brings up issues that we 're dealing with in real life , ” Tahir said . “ ‘ Othello ' deals with themes of racism , religious apathy toward other faiths , agisim , classism , all these themes which are universal . … These themes have become a part of our human experience for hundreds of years . That 's why Shakespeare has become a classic . They tell the story in such a beautiful way , but at the same time , they deal with such deep issues that make it current for any time . ”
Tahir is particularly struck by the notion of fearing “ The Other . ”
“ Desdemona 's father accuses Othello that the only way they could have charmed their daughter is through witchcraft , ” Tahir said . “ This is an intriguing point to me , because every culture has always assigned the label of ‘ The Other ' to someone . In this case , Othello is The Other ; he 's a man from another culture , he 's a man from another race , he 's a man from another place . ”
Tahir pored over these concepts with director Ron Daniels , who maintains a minimalist set .
“ Ron and I go back almost 20 years , ” Tahir said . “ His [ goal ] is for people of today to feel the comfort and trust that this classic play is not beyond our understanding . It has to be brought to that level of simplicity . Even the stage is simply done … They directed me in ‘ Midsummer Night 's Dream ' a long time ago with literally 18 chairs on stage . [ Likewise in ‘ Othello ' ] , you will see three chairs , a table and drums on the side of the stage . The rest is all open stage . ”
The staging may look deceptively simple , but the production is the result of grueling effort , flying between rehearsals in D.C. and television shoots for “ The Magicians ” in Vancouver .
“ I keep telling myself that ‘ impossibility , fatigue , tiredness and exhaustion ' are not part of my lexicon , ” Tahir joked . “ There were times when I literally came back , did the rehearsal , got on a red eye , went back , shot for two days , got on a red eye , came back and rehearsed for two days , got back on a red eye . It 's crazy ! … It 's a lot of work , but I would n't do anything else . ”
Such work ethic has maintained their visibility since their role on John Ridley 's “ American Crime . ”
“ He 's so brilliant , ” Tahir said . “ ‘ American Crime ' of course dealt with the crime , but it dealt with all the issues that go around that crime in our society and how it affects people . Not just the solving of the crime , but the ripple effect of that particular tragic event on people 's lives . They hold up a mirror to look at ourselves , to repossess all of these good and bad qualities . ”
You could say the same for Shakespeare 's “ Othello . ”
Click here to apply for the free ticket lottery . Listen to our full conversation with Faran Tahir below :
WTOP 's Jason Fraley chats with Faran Tahir ( Full Interview ) Jason Fraley http : //wtop.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/othello-interview.mp3 Download audio
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @ WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others .
© 2017 WTOP . All Rights Reserved .
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH , Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars , coffee and soup to ease , helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets .
Advertisement
BLUEFIELD- Bluefield College 's Criminal Justice Department will honor local police , corrections and legal agencies with a weeklong celebration , October 16-20 , designed to acknowledge the ways in which local law enforcement support the school and its criminal justice students .
“ We want to express appreciation to them for the countless ways in which they support our department and our criminal justice majors throughout the year , ” said Dr. Kim Farmer , professor and chair of the BC Criminal Justice Department . “ From guest speaker engagements , to internships , to offering employment opportunities , we are consistently blessed by our relationship with each and every agency in our region and so thankful for the many ways they give back to Bluefield College . ”
The Second Annual Law Enforcement Appreciation Week will feature guest lectures from various law enforcement professions in BC criminal justice classes throughout the week . The activities will culminate with a series of events on Friday , October 20 , open not only to the BC family , but the community at-large , including : a presentation at 10 a.m. in Harman Chapel by Virginia State Trooper Beverly Baker , who served on the front lines during the recent Charlottesville rioting , a ceremony at 5 p.m. under the flag pole in front of Lansdell Hall honoring local law enforcement and featuring State Trooper Gavin Scott , a bagpiper with the Virginia State Police Honor Guard , and a dinner at 5:30 p.m. in Shott Hall recognizing local law enforcement and featuring a keynote address from Detective Jeremy Carper of the Charlottesville Police Department , who will discuss their experiences as the lead detective in the Hannah Graham murder case , which ultimately led to the arrest of a serial killer .
Local law enforcement professionals are encouraged to attend the Friday activities in order to be recognized for their service to the community . Other local residents are also invited to join Bluefield College students , faculty and staff in participating in the Friday events . Reservations are required for the 5:30 dinner . For more information or to make dinner reservations , contact Dr. Farmer by e-mail at kfarmer @ bluefield.edu or by phone at 276-326-4224 .
Related
Comments
comments
Axiom Market Research & Consulting™ added a Hematology Analyzers Market Report , By Product , End User and Geography-Global Market Share , Trend Analysis & Forecast Up To 2024
Hematology analyzers are automated systems that are used in the medical laboratory to count leucocytes , red cells , and platelets in the blood and determine hemoglobin and hematocrit levels . It measures properties of blood and other fluids which helps in diagnosis of various diseases . Owing to the technological developments the new analyzers are capable of processing hundreds of samples an hour .
The growth of the hematology analyzers market is primarily attributed to technological developments , rinsing incidences of blood disorders globally , rise in public awareness and healthcare spending in developed and developing countries . However , adoption of advanced hematology Instruments in developing countries , intensive competition among major market players and excessive cost associated with the hematology analyzers products are the factors which hinder the growth of the market .
The report analyzes the hematology analyzers market based on product into 5-part and 6-part fully automated hematology analyzers , 3-part fully automated hematology analyzers , semi-automated hematology analyzers , and point-of-care testing hematology analyzers . The point of care testing hematology analyzers is expected to dominate the hematology analyzer market during the forecast period . Increasing adoption of the point of care testing hematology analyzers coupled with new product launches and rising preference towards automation is fuelling the growth of the market .
Download a Free Sample Copy Click Here
Scope & Analysis of the Report Based on Geography :
By geography , hematology analyzers market is studied across the countries of key regions such as North America , Europe , Asia Pacific , Latin America , and Middle East & Africa . North America is estimated to account for the largest share of the market . The growth of the North America hematology analyzers market is driven by factors such as rising prevalence of patients suffering from blood disorders , increasing rate target diseases and high disposable income of the people in the region .
Global Hematology Analyzers Market Is Led By Leading Companies :
Some of the key participants in the hematology analyzers market are Abbott Laboratories , Beckman Coulter , Inc , HORIBA Ltd , Bio-Rad Laboratories , Mindray Medical International Ltd , Boule Diagnostics AB , Nihon Kohden , Roche , Sysmex , Biosystems ( A Part of Ginger Group ) , Drew Scientific , etc . Beckman Coulter , Inc. is the leader in the hematology analyzer market and launched a new hematology analyzer software to support new and existing DxH 500 hematology analyzers . Mergers , agreements , strategic partnerships , new product development and technological advancement are the key growth strategies adopted by the major players to gain maximum market share globally .
Inquire for further detailed information about Hematology Analyzers https : //axiommrc.com/speak-to-analyst/ ? report=1705
Key Questions Answered in Report : –
• What is the Future Scope of global Hematology Analyzers market up to 2024
• What are the challenges to market growth ?
• Who are the key vendors in the global Hematology Analyzers market ?
• What will the market size and the growth rate be in 2024 ?
• What are the key market trends impacting the growth of the global Hematology Analyzers market ?
• What are the key Companies in the global Hematology Analyzers market ?
• What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the global Hematology Analyzers market ?
After both South Dakota State and South Dakota went on post season runs in the FCS Playoffs in 2017 , it 's hard to believe 2018 could be any better . But a pair of early season match-ups involving the Jackrabbits and Coyotes are already generating a lot of buzz around the country .
Fox Sports has zeroed in on the 25 best FCS non-conference match-ups for 2018 , and SDSU and USD both landed in the top 15 :
September 8 - Montana State ( Big Sky ) at South Dakota St. ( Missouri Valley )
This game is fifth overall on the list and is a rematch of a game in Bozeman last season which saw the Jackrabbits grab an early 17-point lead , only to see that advantage cut to a field goal by the end of the third quarter . SDSU placekicker Chase Vinatieri put the game on ice with a 31-yard touchdown run on a fake field goal in the fourth quarter . FINAL : SDSU 31 MSU 27 .
September 15 - South Dakota ( Missouri Valley ) at Weber State ( Big Sky )
The Coyotes - Wildcats meeting in week three is number 15 overall on the list . This MVFC - Big Sky match-up was a wild one in Vermillion two years ago when USD spotted WSU 21 points in the first 6:30 of the game before rallying to within a touchdown , then trailing 42-21 heading into fourth quarter only to eventually win 52-49 in two overtimes .
Both South Dakota State and South Dakota start 2018 on the road .
A young dancer from Peterhead won top prize at a Highland Dancing Championship recently .
Gemma Cheyne ( 11 ) won the Ten & Under 12 Years Pre-Championship section at the Strathclyde Championship held at Shotts on Saturday , June 2 .
They won their section with three first places across the four Highland dances .
It was a very successful and emotional day for Gemma who is a pupil at the Slessor School of Dance in Peterhead where they started dancing aged just three years .
Speaking to the Buchanie , Gemma 's dance teacher , Jacqueline Slessor , said : “ I am very proud of Gemma 's great achievement as winning your Pre-Championship is what every highland dancer aspires to accomplish .
“ I wish them every success for future championships . ”
One of the most anticipated changes for the Pittsburgh Steelers in 2017 is to be the addition of more man coverage concepts on defense . It 's been a long time coming , but after several failed attempts to get past the New England Patriots and back to the Super Bowl the Steelers ' staff are going to do the unthinkable and change . But it has n't happened yet .
According to defensive coordinator Keith Butler the injuries in the secondary have delayed a more complete implementation of these new man schemes . Ray Fittipaldo of the Post-Gazette spoke to Butler about this and they noted there are still questions to be answered as to if this defense is ready to do what has to be done in order to get back to the Super Bowl .
Related Martavis Bryant finally returns to Steelers practice
“ We played some single high man . We did n't play what we call two-man under , Butler said . That 's something we have to see what we can do . We have to see if our safeties are good enough if our corners are good enough and if our linebackers are good enough to cover the tight ends and backs . ”
Butler went on to say , “ We 're trying to determine that in training camp and see if that 's a viable coverage for us . If it is , it will certainly help us a lot . I want to be able to play man-to-man . ”
Realistically , any coverage scheme is only as strong as the pass rush in front of it . So while I can appreciate that Butler wants to see a healthy secondary so they can implement more of these man schemes , it could be linebacker T.J. Watt and Bud Dupree that control that . They can definitely help the secondary more than the other way around .
There 's no greater weapon for a cornerback than a guy like Stephon Tuitt in front of them throwing off the timing of a quarterback and wide receiver . When the pass rush was clicking last season the secondary looked like All Pros . Hopefully , the Steelers can see that all season long .
SAN DIEGO — The San Diego Unified School District Board of Education Tuesday evening assured students who are living in the U.S. illegally that they are safe on school campuses .
The meeting 's agenda included an update to a December resolution affirming the district 's commitment to protecting the rights of all students and their families , regardless of immigration status and that every student has a civil right to a free public education .
San Diego Consul General of Mexico Marcela Celorio told the board their office began reaching out to Mexicans in November to let them know what the consulate can do for the community .
“ I am confidant and I trust and am I putting all my faith that the institutions will work and are working and I respect the rule of law , ” Celorio said . “ I think it is very important to comply with our obligations and also to exercise our rights . ”
Some students have already expressed stress and anxiety since President Donald Trump took office , according to Trustee Kevin Beiser , who said it has created some socio-emotional challenges .
“ A lot of fear and anxiety is going on as we hear ICE ( U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ) raids going on all over the state of California , where they 're standing out on the sidewalks in front of schools , ” said Beiser , who did not offer any proof to back their allegation .
U.S . Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said Monday recent “ targeted enforcement operations ” were aimed at criminals and people who violated immigration laws .
“ These operations targeted public safety threats , such as convicted criminal aliens and gang members , as well as individuals who have violated our nation 's immigration laws , including those who illegally re-entered the country after being removed and immigration fugitives ordered removed by federal immigration judges , ” Kelly said .
Trump echoed those comments Monday .
“ We 're actually taking people that are criminals — very , very hardened criminals in some cases , with a tremendous track record of abuse and problems — and we 're getting them out , ” Trump said in a joint news conference with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau at the White House .
“ And that 's what I said I would do ”
As part of the resolution , the board directed the district general counsel 's office to issue a legal memorandum to all students and staff affirming the protections for students and their families who are living in the U.S. illegally under a 1982 U.S. Supreme Court decision regarding their rights to attend public schools .
Those memos were sent Tuesday and included instructions for staff to not allow ICE agents onto school property without the permission of school police .
The letter to families included passages reminding them of their rights .
“ Schools may not discriminate against undocumented students , can not request information regarding immigration status , and can not adopt policies or practices that discourage participation by undocumented students or their families , or lead to the exclusion of students based on their or their parents , or guardians ' actual or perceived citizenship or immigration status , ” the letter said .
The letter started by referring to the recent presidential election without mentioning Trump by name .
“ We understand there is much anxiety in our community regarding the potential that the incoming administration will increase deportation efforts , ” the letter said .
“ The purpose of this letter is to assure you that the San Diego Unified School District is committed to preserving the constitutional right of every student to an education , regardless of immigration status . ”
The letter also assures families that the district will not permit immigration raids on campuses , which have been considered off limits to immigration enforcement since 2011 .
“ The district is also committed to maintaining the confidentiality rights of students under the Family Educational Rights & Protection Act . This law prohibits the release of student records without parental consent , including information that might indicate immigration status , unless mandated by law , ” according to the letter .
“ Therefore , the district will not release your records to ICE unless we are issued a court order or subpoena . ”
The letter , signed by Superintendent Cindy Marten , suggests families seek independent legal counsel if they have any questions about legal rights and the district 's Family and Community Engagement Department “ can provide you with information regarding public interest organizations that may be able to provide you with assistance . ”
NEW YORK — Luis Severino struck out 11 in seven overpowering innings , beating longtime Yankees nemesis Dallas Keuchel for the second time this year as New York topped the Houston Astros 5-3 on Wednesday night .
Gary Sanchez snapped an 0-for-19 slump with a two-run single and the Yankees took two of three from the reigning World Series champions this week to win the season series 5-2 . Houston defeated New York in the 2017 AL Championship Series , with the home team winning all seven games .
If these budding rivals meet again this year , it will be in October .
Severino ( 8-1 ) allowed four hits , including Max Stassi 's two-run homer , and walked one in winning their sixth consecutive decision . The ace right-hander , who has n't lost since April 10 at Boston , threw a five-hitter with 10 strikeouts for their first career complete game in a 4-0 victory over Keuchel at Houston on May 2 .
David Robertson struck out two in a scoreless eighth and Aroldis Chapman got three outs for their 12th save in 13 chances . Stassi , subbing for injured catcher Brian McCann , hit an RBI double with two outs in the ninth before Chapman fanned George Springer to end it .
After dominating the Yankees for years , Keuchel ( 3-7 ) dropped their third straight start against them — including the playoffs . The left-hander gave up four runs and seven hits in five-plus innings .
Keuchel entered 6-4 with a 1.82 ERA and two complete games in 10 outings against New York , including three post-season starts .
The 2015 AL Cy Young Award winner walked two batters in the first inning , and centre fielder Jake Marisnick made a diving catch on a sacrifice fly by slumping slugger Giancarlo Stanton .
Sanchez rolled a two-run single through an open right side with two outs in the fifth to put the Yankees ahead 3-2 .
Gleyber Torres doubled to start the sixth and scored from third on Didi Gregorius ' single through a drawn-in infield that chased Keuchel . Aaron Hicks looped an RBI double off Collin McHugh later in the inning that got past a diving Marwin Gonzalez in left field .
Police have issued a warning about a new scam currently doing the rounds on WhatsApp involving ‘ money off vouchers ' .
The scam appears to offer users money off voucher sent from a trusted contact - but DO NOT open the links :
Rescue 1122 services rescued 731,107 victims in 671,686 operations in Punjab during 2016 besides maintaining an average response time of seven minutes .
Presiding over a meeting at Rescue 1122 Headquarters on Monday , Director General Dr Rizwan Naseer reviewed the performance during 2016 and announced that Rescue 1122 would mark 2017 as a year of safety .
They said several programmes for the prevention of emergencies would be launched , including School Safety Program and the Rescue Mohafiz Program through the establishment of Community Emergency Response teams in all union councils of Punjab in 2017 . These teams would be trained for disaster response and community-based risk reduction for prevention of emergencies , they added .
The Provincial Monitoring Cell ( PMC ) briefed the meeting that 238,785 accidents occurred in the province during 2016 compared to 227,390 accidents reported in 2015 , indicating an increase of 2.44 percent . Similarly , 14,033 fire incidents were reported in Punjab in 2016 compared to 11,565 cases reported in 2015 , indicating an increase of 9.64 percent .
Rescue 1122 managed 327,843 medical emergencies in 2016 whereas the service responded to 295,323 medical cases in 2015 , which is an increase of 5.21 percent . Also , the Punjab Emergency Service responded to 21,182 calls related to crime in 2016 as compared to 21,747 in 2015 .
A total of 154 explosions were reported in 2016 in Punjab , compared to 173 cases during 2015 . Rescue 1122 also responded to 1,097 cases of drowning , 567 building collapses and 68,025 miscellaneous incidents .
The DG said that during the last 12 years , Rescue 1122 had emerged as a successful model of emergency services delivery .
They said that the Motorbike Ambulance Service was being established in nine divisions of the province to ensure prompt response to emergencies during rush hours and through congested areas .
WASHINGTON — A substitute teacher and assistant football coach at a Montgomery County high school was arrested and charged Friday morning with sex abuse of a student .
Montgomery County police say Cory Boatman , 27 , of the 10900 block of Amherst Avenue in Wheaton , Maryland , had a sexual relationship with a 16-year-old girl who was a student at Montgomery Blair High School . At the time , Boatman served as a substitute teacher for Montgomery County Public Schools and was the assistant football coach at Montgomery Blair High School .
Detectives began their investigation on Boatman on Sept. 22 . The victim said that they began sending their suggestive messages in early August . Later that month , Boatman picked the victim up from their home and drove them to their residence , where they had sexual intercourse , according to police .
The victim said they met Boatman through their role at Montgomery Blair High School , police said .
Police arrested Boatman Friday and charged them with sexual abuse of a minor . They were transported to the Central Processing Unit .
Police urge parents of students who may have had contact with Boatman to contact detectives at 240-773-5400 .
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @ WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others .
© 2017 WTOP . All Rights Reserved .
A post shared by Dame Valerie Adams ( @ valerieadams84 ) on Apr 19 , 2018 at 4:27pm PDT
Millie Bobby Brown and their beau , singer Jacob Sartorius , make one adorable singing duo .
The two performed their first duet together which Brown shared on Instagram on Monday . The video is grainy black and white footage of the Stranger Things star appearing close to the camera while Sartorius , 15 , is in the background playing a tune on the guitar .
The actor , 14 , seemed to have fun singing along with Sartorius to their song “ Nothin ' With You . ”
“ I love how you right where you want/when you wan na be/But girl tonight , you should be next to me/Yeah , there 's a million places/With some pretty faces , ” they sang .
Brown has previously shared photos of the two on their Instagram account , including a Valentine 's Day post of the two with their heads together .
“ Happy Valentine 's day J ❤ , ” they wrote in the caption .
The actor is n't the only Stranger Things star to have talent in singing . Them costar , Finn Wolfhard , recently debuted their first Billboard single alongside their band , Calpurnia .
Wolfhard , 15 , shared their amazement with an Instagram post of the chart which they accompanied by a shocked emoji .
The Canadian band , which focuses on alternative rock , is fronted by Wolfhard and made its Billboard debut at No . 23 on the Alternative Digital Song Sales chart , according to Billboard .
Joe Keery , who portrays Steve Harrington , was in the rock band Post Animal , and Gaten Matarazzo , who plays Dustin , has their own band , Work In Progress , as well as a musical theatre background , according to Alternative Press .
NSW pair Jade and Dylan were at the Mount Lindesay rave .
REVELLERS at a rave on a remote Queensland property say a man screamed and clawed the ground like they were `` not even human '' after taking a substance which left one partygoer dead and two in critical conditions in hospital .
Police were called to the YewbuNYE rave party at a Mount Lindesay property near the Queensland-NSW border about 10.20am on Sunday after several people had bad reactions to an unknown substance .
One man was declared dead at the property while two were taken by helicopter to the Gold Coast University Hospital .
The two men remain in a serious condition in the Gold Coast University Hospital , a spokesperson has confirmed .
Jade , 17 , and Dylan 18 , from New South Wales , said they saw one man thrashing , screaming and clawing at the ground during the New Year 's party , which about 500 people attended .
`` It was terrible , '' Jade said .
`` He was possessed , crazy , not even human . ''
Dylan said people manning a medical tent at the event came to help while police and paramedics were called .
`` He was in the tent trying to escape and the medics were holding them still . They were screaming but none of their words were making and sense , '' they said .
NSW pair Jade and Dylan were at the Mount Lindesay rave . Mark Calleja
Ravegoers were camped in a valley with spectacular scenery , at the foot of Mt Lindesay and adjacent a creek .
The large two-day event - which continued after the tragedy - involved dozens of tents , a main stage with rotating DJs and medical personnel .
Logan Inspector Peter Waugh said police arrived to find one person had died and another two were in serious trouble .
It is believed a fourth person was also treated for a suspected overdose at the medical tent .
Insp Waugh said police had no idea the event was being held at the Mt Lindesay property .
They said police had spoken to people they believed were the organisers but still needed to `` get some proper versions of what 's occurred '' .
`` There 's a lot of people here that did n't actually want to speak with us but in the end we think we 've got a fair idea of what 's occurred , '' they said .
`` The whole lead up to the event , how it was organised and how people have turned up , the security arrangements and the actual staging of the event will all be part of the investigation . ''
AUBURN , Ala.- When you hear the song “ Do Your Ears Hang Low ? ” coming from the gray van with frozen treats pictured on the side , you know Suleiman Alfa is behind the wheel and getting ready to spread joy to the neighborhood .
Alfa , who went to Auburn University and worked their way through school began selling ice cream to the community 21 years ago . In that time , he 's touched the lives of thousands of people in more ways than delivering a tasty treat . They know everyone by name , and has sold ice cream to the likes of Super Bowl Champion and Auburn native , Demarcus Ware and more .
“ They can hear the music , ” Alfa said from their Midtown Medical Center hospital room on Friday . “ They have good ears . They can hear me miles away . They 're waiting for me . When I go to Grove Hill and I see those smiles . It 's a great joy to go home and know those kids are happy . ”
In addition to driving their ice cream truck , Alfa works at the Marathon Gas Station along Columbus Parkway in Opelika . They work there to pay their son 's college tuition . They were working from 11 p.m. Sunday to 7 a.m. Monday when the store was robbed . Alfa said two men came in the store and shot the customer and went around the counter and told them to get on the ground while asking for the money .
On the way out of the store , one of the men shot Alfa four times .
“ I begged him , ” Alfa said . “ I said , please , I 'm a 57-year-old man . There 's nothing I can do . Please . While I laid down , I begged they stop shooting . Please . I begged them for my life , but they kept shooting . ”
Elizabeth Garrett has lived in the Grove Hill neighborhood in Auburn for almost 12 years . They said Alfa has known their two kids since they were six and three . They said when they hear that song , they and their family will come out to say hi , even if they do n't have a sweet tooth at that time .
“ He just brings a lot of happiness and joy , ” Garrett said . “ When you hear them coming , everybody comes out to get ice cream and to say hello to them and visit with him . He 's always happy . ”
Garrett 's son , Wheeler said they were devastated when they learned what happened to Alfa .
“ Everybody in my neighborhood loves him , ” Wheeler Garrett said . “ I 'm 14 , and I still go out to see the ice cream man . He 's a really nice guy . ”
In light of what happened , Elizabeth Garrett and others in the neighborhood have come together and created at GoFundMe to help them cover their expenses .
Those in the neighborhood say there will be a void without Alfa and their truck , but hope that they and their shining smile can make a comeback soon .
“ Auburn is a family , ” Alfa said . “ We are a family in Auburn . It 's a community where everybody knows everybody . We love each other , and we take care of each in Auburn , ”
Sixers ' Marco Belinelli on Game 5 : 'It 's going to be another war '
Sixers ' Marco Belinelli on Game 5 : 'It 's going to be another war ' Apr 24
Keith Pompey has been with our sports team since September 2004 . They took over the Sixers beat in the summer of 2013 after covering Temple basketball and football for the previous three years . Pompey also previously covered the Penn and Drexel men 's basketball team and Villanova football team after initially focusing on high school sports . They are a native Philadelphian , a University of Pittsburgh graduate and a vice president of the Professional Basketball Writers Association .
Sixers Dario Saric and Robert Covington keeping the ball from the Heat 's Goran Dragic during Game 2 of this physical series .
Marco Belinelli said something today that would n't surprise anyone who has watched their 76ers face the Miami Heat in the Eastern Conference quarterfinals .
The Sixers lead the best-of-seven series , 3-1 , and can close out the series tonight at Wells Fargo Center . “ But at the same time , it 's going to be another war , ” Belinelli said at the team 's practice facility . “ So we just need to be ready and focus on this game . ”
The Sixers did n't match the Heat 's physicality in Game 2 , and it led to a loss . So they put on their big-boy pants , went toe-to-toe and elbow-to-elbow with the Heat , and won the next two games .
Things got testy in Game 3 . The Heat kept trying to rough up the Sixers , who did n't back down .
The biggest altercation came 1 minute , 34 seconds into the second quarter , when Dwyane Wade of the Heat and Justin Anderson got tangled up . Wade , one of the NBA 's all-time greats , yanked Anderson 's arm , slinging the Sixers reserve swingman to the floor on the baseline . Wade then stood in front of Anderson , yapping at the Sixer . Anderson quickly got up , and the two had to be separated .
After the officials ' review , the two received physical-taunting technical fouls . Then Ben Simmons and Heat power forward James Johnson were called for double technicals with 4:22 left in the quarter . And at the 8:15 mark of the third quarter , Belinelli and Heat point guard Goran Dragic received double technicals .
Joel Embiid elbowed Justise Winslow to the floor after the Heat reserve blocked their shot with 10:58 left . Winslow looked up at them and proceeded to talk trash . On the ensuing play , Embiid blocked Winslow 's shot and fired back with their own trash talk . Winslow later gave Embiid a fist bump during a break in the action .
Then in Game 4 , the intensity level went to another level after Simmons fouled Dragic at midcourt with 4:17 left in the first half . Dragic did n't stop driving toward the basket and Robert Covington made them pay . They shoved Miami 's point guard under the basket , knocking them to the floor .
Taking exception , Johnson grabbed Covington . Simmons , in turn , went after Johnson . In the meantime , Embiid , who was on the floor at the other end of the court , got up and ran to break up the scuffle .
But while the teams clashed , Miami 's Richardson and Winslow were banged up after colliding with Embiid . Winslow was bleeding from a cut above their left eye that eventually required four stitches . And Richardson suffered a sprained AC joint . Both players returned to the game .
The rough play continued when Dario Saric was called for a foul while Johnson scored on a nine-foot floater with 2:19 left in the half . However , Johnson appeared to knee Saric in the groin during the floater , knocking the Sixers power forward to the ground . Saric was restrained by teammates after they got up . Then they went over to the referee and tried to plead their case .
Thirty-eight seconds later , Dragic knocked Embiid to the floor while stealing the ball . And Hassan Whiteside and Saric were called for double technicals on a play with 5:29 left in the third .
“ They are going to try to be aggressive from beginning of the game , ” Belinelli said of tonight 's Game 5 .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
If you 're an optimist , you probably believe that humanity is inherently cooperative and willing to sacrifice for the greater good of all . If you 're a pessimist , on the other hand , chances are you believe that , in the end , people will always do what is in their own self-interest .
But if you 're Martin Nowak , you know that the truth is that it 's a matter of context .
A Professor of Mathematics and of Biology and Director of the Program for Evolutionary Dynamics , Nowak is the senior author of a study that showed , across repeated interactions , the environment individuals find themselves in can effect whether they act as either partners or rivals . The study is described in a recently-published paper in Nature Human Behavior .
`` Direct reciprocity is one of the main theories to explain cooperation among humans , '' Nowak said . `` It 's been studied for at least 50 or 60 years , but work over the last six years has allowed for a completely new look at this idea .
`` What we 're studying here is the emergence of so-called partner and rival strategies , '' they continued . `` If you consider all strategies of direct reciprocity , a very small subset of them are either partners or rivals , but evolution always leads to one or the other . ''
To understand how different strategies can emerge in direct reciprocity situations , Nowak and colleagues , Christian Hilbe and Krishnendu Chatterjee ( both from the Institute of Science and Technology , Austria ) began with a classic paradigm from game theory - the prisoner 's dilemma .
The game works like this : when faced with the chance to interact , two individuals must decide whether to cooperate or defect . If both cooperate , both receive a reward . If one person defects while the other chooses to cooperate , the defector collects a larger reward , while the other person gets nothing . If both defect , both receive a reward , albeit one that is smaller than the reward for cooperation .
If players behave in a purely logical fashion , the best strategy is to defect , because it is in their self-interest to try to maximize their reward .
`` If you play the game once , there 's no easy way to reach cooperation , because people , if they 're rational , will always defect , '' Nowak said . `` But if you play the game multiple times , there is a possibility of cooperation . If you defect against me in the first round , then I might defect against you in the next round , so you might realize that it 's better to cooperate . ''
While that realization might seem to push players toward cooperation , the partner strategy is not one where players simply cooperate all the time , Nowak said .
`` It 's more complicated than just cooperating , '' Nowak said . `` If I am playing a partner strategy , I will always start with cooperation , and as long as you cooperate , I will always cooperate . But the question is what do I do if you start to defect ? ''
Someone playing a partner strategy ca n't simply keep cooperating - if they did , it would be easy for other players to exploit them . While a partner may sometimes retaliate by defecting , they are also willing to return to cooperation in later rounds , Nowak said .
`` If I 'm playing a partner strategy , the best thing for you to do is cooperate with me all the time , '' Nowak said . `` If you deviate from that , you could get more than me , but you can not get more than the payoff you would get for cooperating . ''
The rival strategy , by comparison , is all about putting yourself first .
`` If I play a rival strategy , I never allow that you have more than me , '' Nowak said . `` That 's unacceptable ... so you start with defection , and you always defect if the other player defects .
`` The interesting observation is that natural selection always chooses either partners or rivals , '' Nowak continued . `` If it chooses partners , the system naturally moves to cooperation . If it chooses rivals , it goes to defection , and is doomed . An approach like 'America First ' embodies a rival strategy which guarantees the demise of cooperation . ''
In addition to shedding light on how cooperation might evolve in a society , Nowak believes the study offers an instructive example of how to foster cooperation among individuals .
`` With the partner strategy , I have to accept that sometimes I 'm in a relationship where the other person gets more than me , '' they said . `` But I can nevertheless provide an incentive structure where the best thing the other person can do is to cooperate with me .
`` So the best I can do in this world is to play a strategy such that the other person gets the maximum payoff if they always cooperate , '' they continued . `` That strategy does not prevent a situation where the other person , to some extent , exploits me , but if they exploit me , they get a lower payoff than if they fully cooperated . ''
# # #
This research was supported with funding from the European Research Council , Graph Games , the Austrian Science Fund , Rigorous Systems Engineering/Systematic Methods in Systems Engineering , the Office of Naval Research , and the John Templeton Foundation .
As poker increases in popularity , people look for easier and more convenient technique to access this sport . Playing poker games online is becoming popular for pretty much all poker enthusiasts due to the added benefits and positive aspects that they 're in a position to provide for the players . Regardless of what skill level an individual possesses , you can find quite a few reasons why they would attempt to play poker games online . Get a lot more information about bandarq
Whether you will be experienced or a novice player , playing poker games online a stimulating and exciting challenge . Online poker games are just as intellectually compelling as poker games which might take place at a friend 's home or at a physical casino . People today are able to learn an awesome deal from being able to play poker games . This level of education is able to enhance at a more quickly rate when they can play extra usually . Poker games online enable someone to play poker inside a comfy atmosphere , from their very own household , no matter what the time of day . Someone can play poker games online whenever they 've time for you to do so . Because of the ability to play at property , within a controlled and steady atmosphere , they are also able to focus a lot more intently on the game itself and also the lessons that they ought to be finding out so that you can boost their education .
Younger people today are becoming a lot more considering poker as of lately , and a large amount of college students use poker games online to help them learn the intricacies of the game after they have time free of charge at night .
SMITH 'S SUSTAINABLE SELECTION : G-Star Raw has tapped Jaden Smith for a sustainable fall 2018 range that 's set to launch later this year . Smith said they were brought into the brand by co-owner Pharrell Williams , and touted Williams ' — and the brand 's — eco-credentials .
“ What they have been doing with sustainable innovation recently has been so inspiring , ” Smith said . “ Especially with the launch of their most sustainable jeans ever . They are at the forefront of denim sustainability , on top of the denim game . It 's the same thing I 've been trying to do with my Just Water initiative , to innovate in an industry where there is so much room for improvement . G-Star is a great place for me to collaborate , learn and make a positive impact on denim and fashion . ”
Williams took to Instagram to reveal the partnership . “ Proud to announce @ c.syresmith as the newest member of the @ gstarraw family . Their commitment to the environment is such an inspiration . ”
Although the brand did not disclose any details about the collaboration , the company released a short film in which Smith is seen wandering through the G-Star Raw archives in Amsterdam . They walk around the rails of denim , works a sewing machine and meets with staff from the label .
G-Star Raw chief marketing officer Thecla Schaeffer called Smith “ a creator , an artist and an inspiration for the next generation. ” “ He continuously pushes boundaries in multiple fields , in music , design and in sustainability , and inspires us to keep challenging the conventions of sustainable innovation in the denim industry . ”
As for playing as a single ? Woods smiled .
`` I did n't want to have anyone watch me play the way I was playing , '' they said .
Rory McIlroy was standing at the side of the room as Woods spoke , listening to a player with 90 victories worldwide talking about the time they signed their name to an 85 on their scorecard . McIlroy recalled their highest round at 83 in the South African Open in 2007 , their seventh tournament as a pro .
McIlroy climbed the steps to the stage as Woods was leaving and said to him , `` Aside from your 85 , you have won here five times . ''
Those are the memories Woods hopes to draw from when the Memorial begins Thursday on a Muirfield Village course in its usual mint condition . The tournament is two weeks before the U.S. Open at Shinnecock Hills , and it has the kind of field that makes it feel like a mini-major .
Only two players from the top 10 in the world are missing : Jon Rahm and U.S. Open champion Brooks Koepka .
Justin Rose is coming off a victory at Colonial , their ninth consecutive year with a victory somewhere in the world . Justin Thomas is making their debut at No . 1 in the world , an achievement that does n't come with a trophy but one that meant enough to them that they stayed up later than usual when they got home after The Players Championship to see the world ranking page with their name at the top . They took a screen shot .
`` Seeing every golfer in the world behind my name is a pretty fun thing , '' Thomas said .
Dustin Johnson , who does n't appear to be concerned with much in life , conceded they were eager to get back the No . 1 ranking they held for 15 months . This is their first tournament since they lost the No . 1 spot to Thomas .
Nicklaus was around the first and 10th tee boxes during the pro-am to greet them all , a list that includes Jordan Spieth and Rickie Fowler .
Woods has made strides since their return from a fourth back surgery , including a runner-up finish at the Valspar Championship in March , and an exciting charge at Bay Hill that ended with a tee shot out of bounds on the 16th hole .
Nicklaus suggested on Tuesday that Woods has to learn anew how to win because it has been five years since their last victory .
McIlroy understood what they meant , having gone 18 months between victories until they won the Arnold Palmer Invitational . McIlroy started this year with good chances at Abu Dhabi and Dubai , and then they broke through at Bay Hill .
`` As long as you put yourself in contention more and more and keep knocking on the door , sooner or later you 're going to step through , '' McIlroy said . `` And then with that , experience will do great things for you going forward . ''
Woods has n't been within five shots of the lead going into Sunday since Bay Hill . They never got going at the Masters or at Quail Hollow , and while they had a season-best 65 in the third round at The Players Championship , they still are 11 shots out of the lead . The idea this week is to get in range .
`` The last few times that I 've had a chance , I 've felt very comfortable , '' they said . `` Hopefully I can just shoot the low round when I need it . ''
By Doug Ferguson , The Associated Press
× Ex-girlfriend says man was erratic before beheading mother
ESTACADA , Ore. ( AP ) _ The ex-girlfriend of an Oregon man accused of killing their mother on Mother 's Day and then cutting off their head and carrying it into a store says their ex-boyfriend 's eyes “ did not look right ” beginning two months before the incident .
The Oregonian/OregonLive reported ( http : //bit.ly/2rs2IVL ) Tuesday that court documents state Heather Suydam noticed a drastic change in Joshua Webb 's behavior before the incident .
The 36-year-old Webb remains held in jail on charges of murder and abuse of a corpse in the May 14 death of their mother , 59-year-old Tina Webb .
Suydam told authorities that Webb called them on April 8 “ and told them about an ` odd squid pulsing sensation ' they were having in the back of the head . ”
Webb also faces charges in the stabbing of a cashier and death of their dog at the family home .
The classic rock generation is getting ready to retire . Who 's going to fill their shoes ?
The classic rock generation is getting ready to retire . Who 's going to fill their shoes ? Apr 20
Dan DeLuca is an Inquirer pop music critic . But their `` In the Mix '' column in the Weekend section ventures further afield , into books , movies , TV , the Internet , graphic novels and anything you might call `` popular culture . ''
Meek Mill performs at the Fillmore in Northern Liberties for a private show presented by Jay-Z 's Tidal in support of their album `` Wins and Losses . ''
It 's not hard to find examples of rappers who have spent time behind bars and emerged with their careers intact .
In fact , it 's a time-honored tradition in a genre in which authentic experience on the streets is prized . Tupac Shakur released the most popular albums of their career after serving eight months for sexual assault in 1995 , and Gucci Mane topped the charts this year after spending five months in lockup in 2017 .
But no rapper has ever gone to jail and come out transformed like Meek Mill .
The Philadelphia street rhymer , born Robert Rihmeek Williams , was released on bail on Tuesday afternoon when the Pennsylvania Supreme Court offered them “ extraordinary relief ” because of questions about the credibility of a witness in Mill 's drugs and firearms case , which dates back to 2008 .
In the five and a half months since Mill was put back in prison for parole violations , Mill has become an international cause célèbre and a symbol in the fight for criminal justice reform and against unequal justice for African Americans and other minorities .
To say that the hip-hop community has rallied around them would be an understatement , from entertainment kingpin Jay-Z , whose Roc Nation company manages Mill , to Canadian superstar Drake , who famously beefed with the Philadelphia rapper in 2015 . Since last November , there have been three hash-tagged words everyone in the usually contentious hip-hop community could agree on : # FreeMeekMill .
And of course , Mill 's status as a symbol of injustice grew far beyond the longtime loyalists who they gratefully shouted out as “ Day Ones ” during last July 's show intimate show at the Fillmore in Philadelphia when they could n't have imagined the troubles that lie ahead .
While they were serving time in the State Correctional Institute in Chester , Mill was beneficiary of the unflagging support of Sixers co-owner Michael Rubin , who along with Jay-Z 's Roc Nation , funded the Stand with Meek Mill campaign whose message was emblazoned on buses and newsstands throughout the city .
Mill 's incarceration and the movement to work toward their release has also , fortuitously for him , coincided with the rise of the Philadelphia sports teams on the national stage .
The Eagles made their entrance to “ Dreams & Nightmares , ” Mills defiant going-into-battle song that 's the title cut to their 2012 album , as the came on the field on their way to winning the Super Bowl in Minnesota in June . The ascendant Philadelphia 76ers , whose pregame faux Liberty Bell Mill was expected to ring on Wednesday during game five of their playoff series against the Miami Heat on Tuesday , take the court to the fired-up strains of “ Dreams & Nightmares ” at all their home games . And perhaps the best example of how worldwide Mills fame has become during their incarceration came in February , when Slovenian snowboarder Tit Stante while competing in the Winter Olympics in Korea , revealed a message to the world scrawled on the bottom of their board : # FreeMeekMill .
What all this means is that Meek Mill potentially has a much bigger audience waiting for them now that he 's out than they did when they went in . In a million years , no one would have planned getting a 2 to 4-year sentence as a career strategy , but it 's potentially worked wonders for the rapper 's relevance .
Last year , Mill released Wins & Losses , their third official full length album ( he 's also released many mixtapes ) ; it 's gritty raps and trademark seriousness saved their career . After losing out in their asupervisorstioned battle of insults with Drake and breaking up with their rap star girlfriend Nicki Minaj , Mill was in danger of being seen as a defeated sad sack .
But not long after they got that W , Mill was dealt the much more severe L when they were sentenced to prison .
While their supporters were rallying behind him , Mill , who records for Atlantic Records , tended to their career as best they could . In February , a vocal recorded before they went in prison was featured on a remix Detroit emcee Tee Grizzley 's song “ First Day Out. ” And earlier this month , a Spike Jordan directed video for Wins & Losses ' “ 1942 Flows “ came out showing Mill in a reflective mood interspersed with clips from “ Free Meek Mill ” rallies .
And now , they have been freed , on bail at least , and presumably a new trial awaiting him . Other than the potentially enormous new audience , he 's also presented with an enormous new opportunity . What Mill 's advocates , including Jay-Z in a piece they wrote for the New York Times op-ed page , stressed throughout Mill 's incarceration , was that the rapper 's cause was being championed not just because they were a talented celebrity , but because their case was illustrative of a deeply flawed justice system .
Mill alluded to that themselves in one of their initial tweets upon the announcement of their release , when they thank the Philadelphia District Attorney 's office and wrote : “ I 'm grateful for your commitment to justice . I understand that many people of color across the country do n't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues . ”
To the Philly District Attorney 's office , I 'm grateful for your commitment to justice . I understand that many people of color across the country do n't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues . — Meek Mill ( @ MeekMill ) April 24 , 2018
Mill is a much more significant cultural figure now than they were five and a half months ago . And now that he 's out , he 'll need something to do with themselves and a platform to do it on . Last year , one of the highlights of the annual Made in America festival on the Benjamin Franklin Parkway was when Mill came out as a surprise guest at the close of festival head Jay-Z 's closing set .
The lineup for this year 's Made in America has not yet been announced . But surely there could n't be a more ideally suited headliner than the hometown hero rapper with a story to tell and message to convey to their people gathered on the streets where they grew up .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Ford deletes first-month fee on select models
FORD Philippines has waived the first of monthly fees for select variants of the Ford Everest , Ranger and EcoSport .
The promo , offered until April 30 , covers the Everest 2.2L Ambiente 4×2 M/T , Ranger 2.2L XLT 4×2 M/T and EcoSport 1.5L Ambiente M/T bought on a five-year financing term .
Ford explained buyers of the Everest 2.2L Ambiente 4×2 M/T can save up to P32,000 ; those of the Ranger 2.2LXLT 4×2 M/T who placed a down payment of P68,000 can save almost P24,000 , those of the EcoSport 1.5L Ambiente M/T who placed a down payment of P48,000 can save up to P18,000 .
Hyundai opens vocational training center
PHILIPPINE auto distributor Hyundai Asia Resources , Inc. ( HARI ) announced it inaugurated on April 10 the Hyundai Dream Center Philippines ( HDCP ) located within its logistics facility in Calamba , Laguna .
The company described HDCP as a “ world-class training and education hub for underprivileged Filipino youths , ” adding that it is a product of a partnership between HARI , Hyundai Motor Group , and global humanitarian organization Plan International . The center “ aims to elevate the level of vocational-technical skills in the Philippine automotive industry by providing… training scholarships on vehicle repair and maintenance , ” HARI said .
“ HDCP symbolizes not just our commitment to contribute to human capital development in the automotive industry , but our dream of improving the lives of Filipinos as well , ” said HARI President Maria Fe Perez-Agudo .
Audi A8 named World Luxury Car 2018
THE Audi A8 was voted “ World Luxury Car 2018 ” in the World Car Awards held at the New York Auto Show in early April . The A8 's award was the ninth overall for Audi .
The carmaker said the 82 members of the jury , coming from 24 countries , assessed the emotional appeal , passenger comfort and safety , environmental aspects , driving performance , market relevance , and price-performance ratio of 26 vehicles that qualified for the awards ' elimination round .
NEW YORK ( AP ) — With 2016 over and the NFL regular season as well , it 's about time for the NBA to start showing up more often on more nights .
The new year will feature a new night of national TV games , one of the highlights of a busy January , when there are nearly half as many nationally televised games as in the previous two months combined .
TNT 's new Monday night package debuts where last season ends , with the second NBA Finals rematch between Golden State and Cleveland on Martin Luther King Jr. Day . The Jan. 16 doubleheader concludes with Oklahoma City at the Los Angeles Clippers .
The second season of ABC 's Saturday night prime-time coverage then returns at the end of that week with San Antonio visiting Cleveland .
There are 49 nationally televised games in January , including 17 NBA TV telecasts . There were 104 such games through Dec. 31 .
___
Steve Clifford painted a bleak picture for Eastern Conference teams late last season when it came to competing with the Cavaliers .
“ If they play well , it 'll be difficult for anybody in the East to beat them four times , ” the Charlotte coach said . “ Somebody can beat them once or twice maybe , but not four times in my opinion . ”
They were right . Cleveland swept the first two rounds and then beat Toronto 4-2 in the Eastern Conference finals .
The Cavs enter the new year much sharper than they did in 2016 , when they were sometimes wobbly under David Blatt and still had n't figured out how to properly use Kevin Love . Now Love is thriving , averaging 22.2 points and nearly 11 rebounds , and the Cavs seems firmly in control of the conference .
But Clifford wo n't concede anything yet the way they seemed to do then , praising the Raptors as well — though Cleveland has handled them in all three meetings this season .
“ Love is playing , I think , at a different level , more comfortable . They 're going to them more , he 's getting the ball in the post more , also , ” Clifford said . “ But I mean , there are 50-something games to play , so health … is always a big part of it . But I mean they 're playing at a really high level . ”
___
THINGS TO WATCH THIS WEEK
MVP ! MVP ! : It 's Russell Westbrook vs. James Harden on Thursday when Oklahoma City visits Houston . Winner pads what so far are the two leading MVP resumes .
BIG MAN BATTLE : Karl-Anthony Towns vs. Joel Embiid could be a big-man battle to watch for years , and Round 2 comes Tuesday in Philadelphia . Towns ( 25 points , 10 rebounds ) and the Timberwolves rolled over Embiid ( 10 and 10 ) and the 76ers in November .
TERRIFIC THOMAS : Isaiah Thomas finished their dazzling December with a career-best , 52-point performance in a victory over Miami , and they open January on Tuesday against the Utah Jazz , who went into the new year allowing a league-low 94.7 points per game .
END OF THE ROAD : Toronto wraps up a difficult six-game Western Conference trip on Tuesday at San Antonio . It 's the third stop on the trip , joining Utah and Golden State , where the Raptors played a team that starts this week as a division leader .
HELP ON THE WAY ? : Teams looking to fill roster spots have another option starting Thursday , when 10-day contracts can be signed .
___
STAT LINE OF THE WEEK : James Harden , Rockets : 53 points , 17 assists and 16 rebounds in a 129-122 victory over the New York Knicks on Saturday . In their second straight triple-double , Harden became the first player in NBA history to have at least 50 points , 15 assists and 15 rebounds in a single game , according to information provided by the Rockets from the Elias Sport Bureau .
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform . Need help ? Email us
comments
Bruce Springsteen 's Broadway show sees the veteran rocker showcase their greatest hits while taking subtle shots at President Donald Trump .
“ Springsteen on Broadway , ” which is in the midst of a seven-month run in New York City , has reportedly featured the Rock and Roll Hall of Famer 's criticizing President Trump without saying their name .
“ I 've seen things over the past year on American streets that I thought were resigned to other , uglier times , ” Springsteen said at a recent show , Variety reports . “ Folks trying to normalize hate , calling upon the most divisive , the ugliest ghosts of our past . I hope we 're just going through a terrible chapter in the battle for the soul of our nation . ”
The Boss bashing President Trump is not known , as the 23-time Grammy-winner repeatedly tore into Trump through the presidential campaign .
Springsteen made headlines in September 2016 when they dedicated a song to a concertgoer who handed the rocker a pocket Constitution with the words “ Fuck Trump ” written on it .
Weeks later , the E Street Band leader ripped then-presidential candidate Trump , calling them a “ moron ” whose candidacy is “ tragic ” for America .
“ The republic is under siege by a moron , basically . The whole thing is tragic , ” Springsteen said at the time . “ Without overstating it , it 's a tragedy for our democracy . When you start talking about elections being rigged , you 're pushing people beyond democratic governance . And it 's a very , very dangerous thing to do . Once you let those genies out of the bottle , they do n't go back in so easy , if they go back in at all .
Just days before the presidential election , Springsteen and Jon Bon Jovi joined President Obama and Hillary Clinton at a last minute election-eve rally .
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @ jeromeehudson
A total of 206 drivers had their cars or vans seized at the side of the road due to them lacking proper insurance cover or a valid driving licence , during a week-long crackdown .
Uninsured drivers were targeted by Police Scotland , in partnership with the Motor Insurers ' Bureau ( MIB ) , during a week of action which started on Monday , January 30 and ended on Sunday , February 5 .
A total of 349 drivers were detected for driving while uninsured during the campaign , and during the same period , 206 vehicles were seized for being uninsured or unlicensed .
The campaign , which was delivered through a combination of mobile and static road checks throughout Scotland , involved officers from Police Scotland 's Road Policing Division , who were deployed with the latest intelligence to target uninsured drivers and hotspot areas.​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​
Superintendent Fraser Candlish , deputy head of Road Policing for Police Scotland , said the statistics show there are motorists who continue to drive without insuring their vehicles .
They said : “ These figures demonstrate there are still some drivers who continue to drive their vehicle without proper insurance cover .
“ Although the campaign has now ended , we will continue to stop those drivers using uninsured vehicles and remove their vehicles from the roads . ”
​Neil Drane , Head of Enforcement Services , at MIB said : “ The significant assistance offered by Police Scotland in running the week of action has been invaluable .
“ Proving there is nowhere to hide and with over 200 uninsured vehicles being seized from uninsured drivers , the roads of Scotland are safer for now .
“ It is clear that the partnership approach between MIB and Police Scotland will need to continue to target uninsured drivers and we look forward to forging an even more effective partnership by increasingly working together in the months ahead . ”
Transport Minister Humza Yousaf welcomed the campaign : “ Police Scotland and the Motor Insurers Bureau 's joint campaign has successfully highlighted to drivers in Scotland the importance of having the correct insurance in place at all times .
“ The Scottish Government is committed , through Scotland 's Road Safety Framework to 2020 , to achieving safer road travel in Scotland through a partnership approach . ”
They added : “ I hope my example reminds others to check their policies to make sure they are properly insured at all times of the year , and I remain committed to my work to striving towards the challenging casualty reduction targets set out in the Framework . ”
Brodigan 's Londis on Quay Street , Dundalk received a Londis Excellence Award at the company 's Retailing Awards which have been running for over 20 years and recognise stores that excel across all areas of performance .
Pictured above : Tommy Devlin , Londis Regional Development Manager ; Tara Dunne ; Majella Loughrane and Siobhan Dunne , Londis Bellurgan ; Joanne and Andrew Brodigan , Londis Quay Street , Dundalk at the Londis Retailing Awards 2017 which took place recently in Powerscourt Hotel Resort and Spa in Co Wicklow as part of the Londis Conference
Londis retailers from every corner of the country , including Louth descended on Powerscourt Hotel in Co. Wicklow recently for The 2017 Londis Retailing Awards .
Congratulating retailers at the awards ceremony , Conor Hayes , Londis Sales Director said : “ In the past year , the standards across the Londis retail estate have soared . The winners of this year 's awards are among the top retailers in the country .
This award is recognition of the commitment and ambition demonstrated by these retailers to keep providing the highest level of service to their customers . Their focus on continually exceeding customer expectations is a testament to the hard work of their staff , for which they should be very proud . I commend them all on this wonderful achievement . ”
In winning these awards , the stores were independently examined across a range of criteria including customer service , the quality of their fresh food offering , product range , and the store 's commitment to upholding the highest standards of hygiene and food safety . These exemplary Londis retailers received their awards in recognition of their commitment to implementing exceptionally high standards throughout their store , thereby providing an excellent customer experience to their local community .
This year 's awards were held as part of the Londis Conference 2017 entitled Londis Being the Best which was chaired by sports journalist Joanne Cantwell . Special guest speakers included Conor O'Shea , Head Coach Italian National Rugby Team , Davy Fitzgerald , Manager of Wexford Hurling Team , Stephanie Roche , Irish International Football Player and well-known chef Catherine Fulvio .
You better wake up . The world you live in is just a sugar-coated topping ! There is another world beneath it - the real world . And if you wan na survive it , you better learn to PULL THE TRIGGER !
SEATTLE ( AP ) — Robinson Cano and Nelson Cruz provided an early cushion , and Ariel Miranda made the most of it .
Cano and Cruz hit consecutive first-inning homers , Miranda pitched seven scoreless innings and the Seattle Mariners beat the Miami Marlins 6-1 Monday night in Ichiro Suzuki 's first visit to Safeco Field as a member of the 3,000-hit club .
Miranda ( 1-1 ) allowed four singles and only one runner to reach second base while striking out five . Nick Vincent pitched a perfect eighth before Evan Scribner allowed Christian Yelich 's third home run in the ninth .
“ Great outing by Ariel tonight , ” Mariners manager Scott Servais said . “ He pitched much different tonight than last time out . Last time out , I think they threw a lot of offspeed pitches . Tonight they were very aggressive with their fastball . Great to see them really in control of the game all night . ”
The Mariners won their fourth straight since a 2-8 start .
Cano crushed a 2-1 pitch from Tom Koehler ( 0-1 ) 441 feet to right-center for their second home run , a two-run shot that scored Jarrod Dyson . Cruz followed with their second homer , lining a 1-1 pitch to center to make it 3-0 .
“ Obviously coming out , great to see those guys kind of pick it up and get it going , ” Servais said . “ That 's what drives the train is the middle of our lineup . And , hopefully get in a nice , consistent rhythm . ”
Suzuki was honored before the game for getting their 3,000th hit last season , then got another ovation before their first at-bat in the third inning .
Suzuki won two batting titles in their 11 1/2 seasons with the Mariners and set the season record with 262 hits in a 2004 . They grounded out three times Monday , though , and their average dipped to .067 ( 1 for 15 ) . Suzuki last played at Safeco on June 12 , 2014 , when they were with the New York Yankees .
The Mariners added two runs in the fourth . Leonys Martin singled , stole second and then advanced to third on an errant pick-off attempt by Koehler . Dyson 's one-out looping double over third scored Martin . Dyson advanced to third on Mitch Haniger 's ground out and came home on Cano 's double off the wall in left-center .
“ I just could n't really get that last out in the fourth fast enough before they scored those two more , ” said Koehler , who allowed five runs and seven hits with three walks in four innings .
Taylor Motter 's third home run , a one-out-shot into the second deck in left in the sixth , pushed the lead to 6-0 .
Motter , filling in for injured shortstop Jean Segura , is hitting .409 with four doubles , three homers and six RBIs in their last six games .
Miranda allowed a pair of two-out singles in the sixth but retired Yelich on an inning-ending fly out to right .
HOT HANIGER
Haniger extended their hitting streak to 11 games with a third-inning single . They are batting .348 with two doubles , four homers and 11 RBI over that span .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Marlins : Martin Prado , who began the season on the DL ( strained right hamstring ) , was recalled and in the lineup at 3B , batting second . Prado was 1 for 3 before coming out in the seventh inning . To make room , 1B Tyler Moore was designated for assignment .
Mariners : Servais hopes Segura ( strained right hamstring ) is ready to come off the 10-day DL at Oakland on Thursday . Segura did some light baserunning Monday . “ Everything is leaning toward he 'll be available when we go over to Oakland. ” … RHP Steve Cishek ( recovering from hip surgery ) threw an 18-pitch scoreless inning in their first rehab appearance for Double-A Arkansas .
UP NEXT
Marlins : Left-hander Wei-Yin Chen ( 1-0 , 7.00 ) has allowed seven runs over nine innings in their two starts . They lasted just three innings in their last outing , allowing six runs and seven hits , including two homers , but did not get a decision .
Mariners : Right-hander Yovani Gallardo ( 0-1 , 6.30 ) makes their third start and has gone five innings each in their previous two . The last time out , they failed to protect a 5-0 lead , although they did not get the loss . Gallardo is 5-1 with a 1.90 ERA in eight career starts against Miami .
Parts of Broadway will be closed starting Monday , Feb. 5th . Crews will be doing utility work related to the Block 22 Project . On Monday ( 2/5 ) all four lanes of the 500 Block of North Broadway will be closed . They hope to reopen the southbound lanes on Tuesday morning ( 2/6 ) , but the northbound lanes will still be closed through Thursday evening ( 2/8 ) . Drivers will need to take the detours on either Locust or Pine Street . Parking will also be limited . Signage will be posted . Please use caution .
“ Last week , a story went viral that claimed Apple was intentionally slowing down older iPhones to push people to buy its latest models , ” Futuremark reports . “ The claim was based on data which shows Google searches for ‘ iPhone slow ' spiking dramatically with the release of each new model . ”
“ And while plenty of reputable sites debunked the logic of that claim , no one looked at actual performance data to tell the true story , ” Futuremark reports . “ Fortunately , we have plenty of real-world data we can use . Since 2016 , we have collected more than a hundred thousand benchmark results for seven different iPhone models across three different versions of iOS . ”
“ These benchmark results provide a unique insight into the everyday performance of each iPhone model over time , ” Futuremark reports . “ Our benchmarking data shows that , rather than intentionally degrading the performance of older models , Apple actually does a good job of supporting its older devices with regular updates that maintain a consistent level of performance across iOS versions . ”
Read more in the full article – recommended – here .
MacDailyNews Take : Sorry , conspiracy theorists , there 's no conspiracy here .
[ Thanks to MacDailyNews Reader “ Fred Mertz ” for the heads-up . ]
PARIS ( AP ) — A ferry carrying 313 people ran aground Sunday amid high winds off the French port of Calais , interrupting boat traffic across the English Channel . Authorities safely evacuated those on board .
A towing operation , aided by a rising tide , managed to unstick the ferry from a pebble bank it struck just after noon during the bad weather . Six hours later , passengers from the Dover-bound Pride of Kent started disembarking from the vessel when it was pulled to a nearby dock , authorities said .
Authorities from France 's Pas-de-Calais region said no injuries were reported .
P & O Ferries confirmed that one of its ferries ran aground and said it hoped “ to transfer our passengers to an alternative ship as soon as possible . ”
Advertisement
The prefecture said the evacuation was completed Sunday evening and traffic had resumed between France and Britain . Some 60 people were being housed in local hotels while the others were being transported across the Channel , it said .
Storms also knocked out electricity to 15,000 households in the Pas-de-Calais region and an adjacent region .
The national weather warning agency Meteo France had 32 French regions under hazard alerts due to high winds and storms over the weekend .
With the approval of President Donald Trump , House Republicans have released a disputed GOP intelligence memo that alleges FBI abuses of its surveillance authority -- and Democratic members of Congress are fuming .
Scroll for more content ...
The memo , from the GOP and led by House Intelligence Committee 's chairperson , Devin Nunes , alleges that then-Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe told the committee that no surveillance warrant would have been sought for a Trump campaign aide without the opposition research dossier on Trump written by ex-British intelligence office Christopher Steele .
Democrats -- and a few Republicans -- shared their disapproval of the release of the document , which most of them initially called a `` dangerous '' move .
Sen. Mark Warner , the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee , slammed the release of the memo , saying it was `` reckless and demonstrates an astonishing disregard for the truth . ''
`` This will make it far more difficult for the Intelligence Committees to conduct meaningful , bipartisan oversight of intelligence activities in the future , '' they said in a statement . `` This action was also taken without regard to the damage it could do to our ability to protect Americans from threats around the globe . ''
`` Law enforcement opposes this , '' tweeted Sen. Tim Kaine , a Virginia Democrat . `` The intelligence community opposes this . Even many Republicans oppose this . This is dangerous territory , it disrespects law enforcement , and it 's an alarming partisan attack on efforts to investigate hostile foreign interference in our democracy . ''
Their colleague , Democratic Sen. Jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire , also criticized the release of the memo , echoing that it 's `` dangerous . ''
They tweeted , `` . @ realDonaldTrump 's decision to declassify the partisan memo , made in cooperation w/ Congressional Republicans , is a dangerous attack on our justice system and the rule of law . ''
Democratic Sen. Jeff Merkley of Oregon called the memo `` cherry-picked classified information '' in a statement .
`` This puts us in extremely dangerous territory , '' they said . `` It upends the relationship between the intelligence community and Congress , threatening the ability for different branches of government to work together to protect the American people 's safety . ''
And it was n't just Democratic senators who slammed the decision to release the memo . Republican Sen. Susan Collins of Maine said the memo should have been further reviewed because of its `` implications for our national security . ''
`` Oversight of the intelligence community , the FISA process , and this investigation are far too important to be tarnished by partisanship , '' they said in a statement . `` When the Senate Intelligence Committee released a controversial report some years ago , we spent months meeting with the intelligence community to redact sensitive information ... This model of bipartisanship and careful vetting would have been a far better way to proceed . ''
The divide in responses
House Republicans praised Trump for deciding to release the memo , arguing it revealed problems with US surveillance .
House Speaker Paul Ryan said in a statement they were `` glad '' the memo helps `` provide greater transparency . ''
`` Unlike most judicial proceedings , the FISA system depends not on an adversarial process , but instead on the government providing a complete presentation of the facts and circumstances underlying its warrant applications , '' they said in a statement . `` It is clear from this memo that did n't happen in this case , and as a consequence an American 's civil liberties may have been violated . ''
They also said again they support Democrats releasing their own memo , which charges that the Nunes memo is an attempt to help the White House with the Russia investigation . It argues that proper procedures were followed in obtaining FISA warrants .
`` I reiterate my support for the similar release of the minority 's memo once it is properly scrubbed of all intelligence sources and methods , '' they said .
Rep. Trey Gowdy , who announced their retirement from Congress earlier this week and serves on the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence , said the public should know the the facts behind the creation of the dossier .
`` While this memo raises serious concerns with the FISA process , I have been and remain confident in the overwhelming majority of the men and women serving at the FBI and DOJ , '' they said on Twitter . `` As I have said repeatedly , I also remain 100 percent confident in Special Counsel Robert Mueller . The contents of this memo do not -- in any way -- discredit their investigation . ''
Florida Rep. Matt Gaetz commended the release of the memo , saying in a statement it should `` cause all American citizens to be outraged , regardless of political affiliation . ''
`` I read the memo as soon as it was released to Members of Congress , and my heart sank , '' they continued . `` Not only did it lay bare a systemic pattern of abuse within the FBI and the DOJ , it confirmed my worst fear : America 's free and fair elections were being threatened from within . ''
Iowa Rep. Steve King said in a statement that the memo proves that under the Obama administration , the FBI and the Department of Justice were `` weaponized '' against political opponents .
`` The memo now commands FISA Warrant requests be released to Congress , '' they said in their statement . `` The statement that the FBI & the DOJ were 'weaponized ' holds up pretty well . ''
Meanwhile , Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr declined to comment on the release of the memo .
`` Sen. Burr wo n't have comment on the memo . The Committee 's own investigation remains ongoing , '' a spokesperson for Burr told CNN .
This story has been updated .
The attorney for controversial FBI agent Peter Strzok said that their client is not sure if he 'll comply with a House Judiciary Committee subpoena to testify next week , telling CNN on Tuesday evening that lawmakers “ do n't want the truth . ”
The committee issued the subpoena to Strzok earlier Tuesday , setting a July 10 date for their open hearing .
Strzok 's attorney , Aitan Goelman , told CNN they did n't “ know whether or not ” they would attend , criticizing the conduct of GOP lawmakers in the 11-hour closed-door interview Strzok sat for last week .
“ We have come to the conclusion , forced to come to the conclusion , that this is not a search for truth , it is a chance for Republican members of the House to preen and posture before their most radical , conspiracy-minded constituents , ” Goelman said .
Strzok is a former top counterintelligence official at the FBI who worked on both the Hillary Clinton email and Russian interference investigations . They were removed from the Russia probe and demoted after the bureau discovered dozens of anti-Trump text messages he 'd exchanged with former FBI lawyer Lisa Page .
Those messages have made Strzok a target in conservative media and among some Republicans on Capitol Hill , who cite them as proof that the entire Russia probe is a partisan operation targeting President Trump .
Goelman told CNN that Strzok does want to tell their story publicly , but is just not sure they want to do so “ in front of these particular House subcommittees . ”
The committee could pursue contempt remedies against Strzok if they ultimately refuse to comply with the subpoena .
Czech central bank governor not betting on euro adoption in next decade
PRAGUE , June 14 The Czech Republic is unlikely to adopt the European Union 's common currency , the euro , in the next decade because it lacks the political will to make the change , central bank Governor Jiri Rusnok was quoted as saying on Wednesday .
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders says President Trump still “ has concerns ” that the FBI placed a 'spy ‘ in their campaign during the 2016 presidential elections , despite evidence to the contrary . Rough Cut ( no reporter narration )
GAINESVILLE , Fla. — Collin Sexton scored 17 points , Donta Hall notched their fourth double-double of the season , and Alabama rallied from a 10-point deficit to beat No . 23 Florida 68-50 Saturday .
Sexton added eight rebounds and six assists for the Tide ( 15-8 , 6-4 Southeastern Conference ) , which improved to 2-4 on the road .
The Gators ( 15-8 , 6-4 ) lost their third consecutive SEC game , the first time that 's happened since the end of coach Mike White 's first season in 2016 .
Alabama dominated Florida in the paint , on the glass and up and down the floor . Sexton took over in the second half , dribbling through the defence and creating open layups and dunks .
Highlights and scores from high school soccer games held on Friday , October 6th .
Girls :
Bozeman - 4 , CMR - 2
Senior - 3 , Great Falls High - 0
You had to wonder how director Sean Baker would follow up their shot-on-an-iPhone , transgender-prostitute comedy Tangerine if they ever got a hold of enough cash to pay for a star and a Steadicam . Their extraordinary , almost-homeless-family dramedy , The Florida Project , provides the exhilarating answer .
It 's set in a pastel Orlando that feels spiritually far removed from all things Disney — call it a `` less magical kingdom . '' This sun-baked , off-ramp wasteland boasts brightly colored motels with knock-off mouse house names like Futureland Inn and Magic Castle . Built decades ago for budget-minded tourists , they 're now filled with itinerant families who pay $ 35 a night to live in purple-stuccoed splendor .
These surroundings may be dreary for the adults who live there , but for 6-year-old Moonee ( Brooklynn Prince ) and their buddies Scooty ( Christopher Rivera ) and Jancey ( Valeria Cotto ) , they 're just the place to run wild — really , wild — without the benefit of Mickey , Goofy and other theme park mascots . Who needs organized attractions when you have sunshine , pals and all the time in the world ?
Moonee is their little gang 's irrepressible ringleader — champion windshield spitter , ice cream grifter extraordinaire , leader of expeditions to bring dead fish back to life in the motel pool . She 's adorably unstoppable .
Moonee 's mom , Halley ( Bria Vinaite ) , seems barely more mature than their daughter . They have green-streaked hair and is unable to hold a job even at the local strip club . She 's not really cut out to be a mother , though they make a general stab at being responsible by selling perfume ( and sometimes their body ) to tourists so they can pay their rent .
Halley means well , even if they ca n't follow through . That 's enough to bring out the parental side of the Magic Castle 's curmudgeonly , long-suffering resident manager ( Willem Dafoe ) , who rides herd over unruly tenants — and the occasional wayward egret — with almost alarming finesse .
This is Vinaite 's acting debut , and a striking one at that . Director Sean Baker found them on Instagram — they were following their account to show actors the qualities they wanted in the character . When they could n't find those qualities with established actors , they asked if Vinaite wanted to audition . They turned out to be a fascinating find — a fine complement to Prince 's tiny dynamo , who has the whole film riding on their tiny shoulders for quite a while .
The Florida Project takes its title from the Disney organization 's in-house name for Disney World when it was still just a stack of blueprints on Uncle Walt 's desk in California . But there 's an unspoken irony in calling the film The Florida Project , since the motels Moonee plays in have themselves devolved into housing projects .
That makes them fertile ground for Baker , whose reputation-making Tangerine took place in an equally down-at-heels neighborhood in Los Angeles two years ago . Happily , the director 's aesthetic has n't been wrecked by theirs now having the money to pay for 35 mm cameras . Everything that was wonderful last time is even better here , from first-time performers who light up the screen to dialogue that is profane and very funny for a while , then turns resonant and wrenching .
Baker has imbued this whole terrific movie with a child 's sense of discovery — the sort that can turn a decrepit , pastel corner of Orlando into a vibrant cinematic playground .
The virtual currency Bitcoin hit a new record over the weekend , surging past the $ 4,000 mark . As of press time , one Bitcoin is worth $ 4,250 . It 's an astonishing rally for a currency that was worth $ 580 a year ago and has risen 300-fold over the last five years .
It 's not clear what 's causing the currency 's value to rise so rapidly .
One likely factor : last week , the Bitcoin network officially accepted a long-debated upgrade called segregated witness . The Bitcoin network limits the size of blocks on the Bitcoin blockchain , which in turn limits the number of transactions the network can process each hour . For the last year , the network has been bumping up against this limit , leading to congestion on the network and high transaction fees . Segregated witness aims to relax this bottleneck by moving part of each Bitcoin transaction outside the blockchain , allowing more transactions to be squeezed into each block .
Another possible factor : earlier this month , the Bitcoin network forked , creating a spinoff currency called Bitcoin Cash . Many people expected the schism to undermine confidence in Bitcoin , but that does n't seem to have happened . The spinoff went smoothly , and the mainstream Bitcoin network continued working as well as ever .
The value of one Bitcoin has risen about 50 percent since the split happened on August 1 . Perhaps Bitcoin speculators are simply relieved that a contentious fight is over and nothing catastrophic occurred .
Finally , there 's an ongoing boom in `` initial coin offerings '' —sales of new , Bitcoin-like cryptocurrencies for a variety of applications . Last week , for example , a company called Filecoin raised $ 187 million in a single hour selling a not-yet-created cryptocurrency that will be used to purchase online storage space . Another virtual currency called Tezos raised more than $ 200 million in July . A third , called Bancor , raised $ 153 million in June .
These exotic new currencies are often offered for sale using Bitcoins , since it 's often easier to exchange one cryptocurrency for another than to directly sell new cryptocurrencies for dollars . So people who want to invest in an ICO often need to get their hands on bitcoins ( or ether , the currency of Bitcoin competitor Ethereum ) first . With hundreds of millions of dollars pouring into these ICOs , that translates into a lot of demand for the most famous virtual currencies .
Salt Technologies won Microsoft 's 2017 partnership of the year award .
The company was founded in 2016 and provides companies and businesses on island with infrastructure for their computer systems that is created by Microsoft , which includes online security and SQL databases , the domain-specific language used in programming . Salt Technologies also does mobile app development and has their own cloud server with two separate sites for back up .
“ It 's very difficult for companies in the Cayman Islands to have somebody who is an expert in every single field that I.T . covers , so we try and fill those gaps and with the projects we have delivered and the feedback they 've got from those projects , we feel confident that we 're delivering on our promises when it comes to Microsoft products , ” said Salt Technologies , Dan Fitton .
For more information about Salt Technologies , http : //www.salt.ky/
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
April 3 Snipp Interactive Inc
* Snipp provides corporate and financial update
* Snipp Interactive Inc says Q1/2017 revenue are forecast to exceed revenue for Q1/2016
* Cash flow breakeven is expected to be reached sometime during second half of 2017 Source text for Eikon : Further company coverage :
By The Associated Press
tx <
$ vscores4 <
SOUTHWEST
Oral Roberts 73 , Missouri St. 66 <
MORE
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
BRUSSELS May 3 The head of the European Commission Jean-Claude Juncker said on Wednesday they have noted that British Prime Minister Theresa May was a `` tough lady '' but that they respected them and liked them as a person .
Juncker was asked by reporters to comment on remarks by May on Tuesday that they had been described by one of their colleagues `` as a bloody difficult woman '' and that Juncker would be the next person to find that out in the course of Brexit negotiations .
`` I deeply respect the British prime minister , I like them as a person . I have noted that they are a tough lady , so this is not for the future , this is a real-time description , '' Juncker told reporters .
They also said talk of Britain walking out of negotiations on Britain leaving the EU was wrong .
`` I think that ( British Brexit minister ) David Davies was not right when they were threatening that they would be ready to go out . My experience in politics always was that those who go out have to come back , '' they said . ( Reporting By Jan Strupczewski )
For the Family :
Secret Saturday 's at the Old Idaho Pen
If you 're looking for something fun to do on a dime this weekend , then you need to check out the Old Idaho Penitentiary . This Saturday ( and every Saturday ) in February the Old Idaho Penitentiary is hosting a sweet deal , “ Secret Saturdays ” . When paying for your admission use the password “ secret saturdays ” and get 2-for-1 on admission !
For Everyone :
Elvis Lives ! At the Morrison Center
Friday night travel through time at the Morrison Center with the musical Elvis Lives ! This show is a journey across Elvis ' life depicted by finalists from Elvis Presley Enterprise 's ( EPE ) annual worldwide Ultimate Elvis Tribute Artist Contest . The performers will be joined by a live band , back-up singers and dancers , along with an Ann Margaret tribute artist . This show will transport you to the rock n ' roll era !
Valentine 's Sweetheart Doubles Tournament at 20th Century Lanes
Looking to carry your Valentine 's Day celebrating into the weekend ? ! Grab your sweetheart and make your way over to 20th Century Lanes for their Valentine 's Sweetheart Doubles Tournament . For $ 35 you both will bowl 3 games and compete in this doubles tournament . To get more info about rules and entering this tournament , click here !
For the Night Owl :
Illenium at Knitting Factory
This Saturday night , Denver-based producer Illenium [ Nick Miller ] will be putting on a show at the Knitting Factory . For members of the dance music community , this event is a can't-miss happening . Illenium 's music is described as an “ immersive emotion experience of highs and lows that pulls on heartstrings and leaves the listener awestruck. ” Tickets for this show are $ 17 in advance and $ 20 the day of , grab yours here !
Trivia Night with Schilling Cider at Spacebar Arcade
Ohhh Sunday nights- that point in time where you reflect on what a fun weekend you just had and ponder what this upcoming work week will hold . If there was ever a good way to say goodbye to the weekend , Spacebar has mastered it . Get your friends together this Sunday night and test your wits at Spacebar Arcade with Trivia Night ! While you challenge your intellect , enjoy yummy drinks from Schilling Cider and unwind before the work week begins .
Explore :
The Springs in Idaho City
Looking to escape town this weekend and go where the air is a bit clearer ? We recommend you check out The Springs- Hot Springs Retreat in Idaho City ! For only $ 17 you can soak all day in their natural hot springs under gorgeous Idaho skies . Be sure to book a reservation , they fill up fast !
According to the new data by London-based firm Ookla 's November Speedtest Global Index , India is ranked 109th in the mobile internet speed and 76th for fixed broadband speed , globally .
The company says that the average mobile download speed in India was 7.65 Mbps . Heading into the end of the year , average mobile download speed is 8.80 Mbps as of November . That 's a 15 percent increase . While mobile speeds increased modestly , fixed broadband speeds increased dramatically . Average fixed broadband download speed in January was 12.12 Mbps . As of November , it 's at 18.82 Mbps , a close to 50 percent jump .
Doug Suttles , Co-Founder and General Manager at Ookla said `` Both mobile and fixed broadband internet in India are getting faster , that 's good news for all Indian consumers no matter which operator or plan they use to access the internet . ''
`` India still has a long way to go to catch up with countries that have top speeds around the world , however , we at Ookla are highly optimistic about the capacity for growth that is available in the Indian market and look forward to watching how the market grows in this coming new year , '' Suttles said .
It said that Norway ranks first in the world for mobile internet with an average download speed of 62.66 Mbps . Singapore takes the top spot for fixed broadband with a 153.85 Mbps average download .
Over 17 billion tests have been taken with Speedtest to date . From our observations in these markets , there are a handful of factors that consistently tend to drive advances in internet speeds and performance . These factors also apply to growth in India , the speedtest firm said .
Another key element in growth is competition . When operators compete to provide the fastest speeds and the best plans for consumers , they incentivize each other to offer progressively better options .
A third factor in improving speeds is the consideration of new technologies that may boost network performance . One such emerging technology is carrier aggregation , which is when mobile networks serve multiple LTE operators . Carrier aggregation can increase the capacity of networks , especially during peak times .
More crimes were reported to police in 2016 than in each of the previous six years .
More than 4,000 crimes were on the books , according to the 2016 Compendium of Statistics .
Cayman 27 's Reshma Ragoonath breaks down Cayman 's 2016 crime stats and as far as reports of crimes 2016 goes down as one of the worst in Cayman Islands history in the six-period shared in the 2016 Compendium of Statistics . Last year police were kept busy with 4,278 reported crimes .
That 's 533 more crimes than the year before . All categories of crime showed increases except for three .
Reports of drug crimes dropped from 197 to 180 . In fact , that 's the lowest number of drug-related crimes reported in the six years included in the stats .
Burglary and disorderly conduct also dropped . Crime spikes were recorded in six categories . Among them ; Offences against property nearly doubled in reports from 323 in 2015 to 641 last year .
Theft also rose in 2016 up 17 % from the year before .
Other offences against the person like crimes including assault causing grievous bodily harm climbed 16 % .
Other offences against the public , offences like rape and other sex crimes increased from 74 in 2015 to 84 last year . Common assault rose from 163 in 2015 to 206 in 2016
There were 874 “ Other offences ” recorded last year 224 more than 2015 . Of the 4,278 crimes reported last year and 45 % were cleared up .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Print
( EAM Sushma Swaraj last year met the relatives of the missing Indian nationals )
New Delhi : Minister of External Affairs Sushma Swaraj on Sunday confirmed that the 39 Indian who were taken as prisoners by ISIS in 2014 and went missing in Iraq have died .
`` Deep penetration radar confirmed that all Indians were dead after all bodies were exhumed , '' they said .
The government said it was yesterday informed abot the DNAs of 38 Indians matching with remains of bodies found underneath a mass grave . One body was a 70 per cent match .
The Rajya Sabha observed a minute 's silence after the foreign minister 's statement .
The MEA also said that General VK Singh will go to Iraq to bring back mortal remains of Indians killed in Iraq .
The plane carrying mortal remains will first go to Amritsar , then to Patna and then to Kolkata .
Both India and Iraq maintain that the 39 Indian nationals are still alive and authorities in both countries remain committed to continue their search for them on this assumption .
It may be recalled that in July last year , External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj had firmly said in a statement in parliament that they would not declare the 39 Indians dead without concrete proof or evidence . `` It is a sin to declare a person dead without concrete evidence . I will not do this sin , '' Swaraj said in a statement in the Lok Sabha on the fate of 39 Indians missing in Iraq since 2014 . The 39 persons , most of whom hail from Punjab , were working on projects near Mosul , when they were kidnapped during their evacuation .
The government also came under fire earlier when opposition parties like Congress accused it of making `` zero '' efforts to bring back the Indians and misleading the nation that they were in a prison in Badush in Mosul .
Former St Helens coach Keiron Cunningham has made a surprise return to the game as head of rugby at relegation-threatened Leigh .
Cunningham , who was sacked by Saints in April after a poor start to the Super League campaign , has joined the Centurions until the end of the season , the club have announced .
The 40-year-old will take over the head of rugby duties of club owner Derek Beaumont and will offer support to coach Neil Jukes .
Cunningham said : “ I have not come in to take anyone 's place but to add my knowledge and experience at this stage of the season . I get on well with ‘ Jukesy ' and they are a good friend .
“ Derek has brought me in to ease the burden on Neil and bring my experience to Leigh Centurions . Hopefully I will bring a new set of eyes and structures and I 'm delighted to have been given this opportunity . ”
The Centurions were promoted to the top flight last season but face the prospect of an immediate return to the Championship having failed to make the top eight and been drawn into the Qualifiers .
They began their challenge in the ‘ middle eight ' competition with victory over Featherstone but , potentially crucially , lost to another of the Championship sides in Hull KR on Saturday .
Cunningham will be involved for the final five matches of the competition , plus the ‘ Million Pound Game ' , should Leigh be involved .
Beaumont said : “ Keiron has substantially more experience than myself and I feel their appointment will bring in someone with a fresh pair of eyes and a different approach as well as a different voice around the place to freshen things up .
“ I still have the utmost confidence in Neil Jukes and my coaching team and their ability to achieve our goals , which I believe will be increased by Keiron 's presence . ”
Cunningham 's assignment will not see them come up against St Helens , the club with which they are so closely associated having made 496 appearances in a stellar playing career and where a statue stands in their honour .
Former Williams Martini Racing driver Felipe Massa will take on the role of President of the International Karting Commission , following their retirement from Formula 1 at the end of the 2017 season .
The Brazilian 's appointment was announced on Friday at the FIA ​​General Assembly in Paris , and sees the 36-year-old become the youngest ever CIK-FIA President . Current Vice President , Kees van der Grint , will retain their position .
Massa takes over the role from Shaikh Abdulla bin Isa Al Khalifa , who has enjoyed a successful six-year tenure overseeing the progress of karting on a global scale . The Brazilian has some big shoes to fill , with a number of key developments taking place with Shaikh Abdulla bin Isa Al Khalifa at the helm .
In 2013 , they brought in private promoter WSK Promotion , which has revolutionised the brand and how it is now perceived in the public eye . New front fairing fasteners were introduced in 2015 , before the new OK engines made an appearance a year later , whilst the idea to lower the Drivers ' age in 2017 , has really moved Karting forward on a worldwide basis .
Massa recently called time on their Formula 1 career after nine successful seasons in the sport , having almost taken the world championship in 2008 , losing out on the crown to Lewis Hamilton in the final race of the season .
Like many drivers , the Brazilian 's racing dream began in Karting , before they eventually progressed up through the formulas to the pinnacle of motorsport , and Massa hopes that with the vast experience they have gained across the years , they will be able to give valuable assistance to the karting community .
Fellow driver and compatriot Lucas di Grassi congratulated their friend on the appointment via Twitter , and has already put forward a suggestion for Massa to get behind in their new role .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The Federal Reserve has raised its key interest rate for the third time in six months , providing its latest vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable economy . The Fed also announced plans to start gradually paring its bond holdings later this year , which could cause long-term rates to rise .
The increase in the Fed 's short-term rate by a quarter-point to a still-low range of 1 percent to 1.25 percent could lead to higher borrowing costs for consumers and businesses and slightly better returns for savers . The Fed foresees one additional rate hike this year but gave no hint of when that might occur .
The overarching message the Fed sent Wednesday was an upbeat one : It believes the U.S. economy is on firm footing as it enters its ninth year of recovery from the Great Recession , with little risk of a recession . Though the economy is growing only sluggishly and though inflation remains chronically below the Fed 's 2 percent target , it foresees improvement in both measures over time .
And the most important pillar of the economy — the job market — remains solid if slowing , with employment at a 16-year-low of 4.3 percent — even below the level the Fed associates with full employment .
The Fed 's decision to raise rates , announced in a statement after its latest policy meeting , was approved 8-1 , with Neel Kashkari , head of the Fed 's Minneapolis regional bank , dissenting in favor of holding rates unchanged .
The announcement that the Fed plans to begin paring its balance sheet later this year — “ provided that the economy evolves broadly as anticipated ” — involves its enormous portfolio of Treasury and mortgage bonds . The Fed began buying the bonds after the Great Recession to try to depress long-term loan rates . That effort resulted in a five-fold increase in its portfolio to $ 4.5 trillion .
On Wednesday , the Fed said it would eventually allow a small amount of bonds to mature without being replaced — an amount that would gradually rise as markets adjusted to the process . This process could put upward pressure on long-term borrowing rates .
The Fed would start with monthly reductions in Treasury holdings of no more than $ 6 billion and $ 4 billion in mortgage bonds . Those figures would rise in increments over a year until they reached $ 30 billion a month in Treasurys and $ 20 billion in mortgage bonds .
“ With the Fed stating its intentions to start reducing the size of the balance sheet this year , it is offering a clear vote of confidence for the economy , ” said Curt Long , chief economist of the National Association of Federally Insured Credit Unions .
The Fed also issued updated economic forecasts that showed it foresees one additional rate increase this year to follow Wednesday 's increase and an earlier rate hike in March .
The rate forecast , based on individual projections from each member , envisions three more rate hikes in 2018 and three more in 2019 . By then , the Fed 's forecast would put its key policy rate at 3 percent . That 's the level the Fed believes is a neutral rate — neither stimulating growth nor restraining it .
But the Fed 's forecasts are only predictions and are frequently revised as its assessments evolve . Some economists suggested that even though the Fed foresees one more rate hike this year , the persistently low inflation may lead it to leave rates alone until 2018 . Some also note that political paralysis in Washington has raised doubts about whether Congress will increase the nation 's borrowing limit and pass a new budget . That possibility , too , could lead the Fed to wait .
Another rate hike this year is “ becoming less of a sure thing as every month of data comes out , ” said Michael Dolega , senior economist at TD Economics . If inflation does n't pick up , they said , the Fed will find that raising rates and reducing its balance sheet is “ going to be a difficult maneuver . ”
The Fed 's revised forecasts reduced its estimate for unemployment by year 's end to 4.3 percent from a March projection of 4.5 percent . Unemployment has already reached a 16-year low of 4.3 percent .
The Fed kept forecast for economic growth this year of 2.2 percent , up slightly from its March forecast , with growth of 2.1 percent in 2018 and 1.9 percent in 2019 . Those forecasts are far below the 3 percent annual growth the Trump administration has said it can achieve through tax cuts , deregulation and tougher enforcement of trade rules to protect American jobs .
The central bank updated its inflation projections to take account of a slowdown . It forecast that prices will rise just 1.6 percent this year , down from a March forecast of 1.9 percent . The Fed still foresees prices , as measured by a gauge tied to consumer spending , rising 2 percent in 2018 and 2019 , achieving its target .
President Donald Trump is expected soon to fill three vacancies on the Fed 's influential board , and those new members , depending on who they are , could alter its rate-setting policy .
Some news reports have mentioned leading candidates to fill the vacancies . They include Randal Quarles , a top Treasury official in two past Republican administrations , for the vice chairperson 's job of overseeing bank regulation . Marvin Goodfriend , an economist at Carnegie Mellon University , has been mentioned for another board spot , and Robert Jones , chief executive of Old National Bancorp in Indiana , reportedly is a candidate for a board seat designated for a community banker .
The betting is that the administration will choose officials who will tilt the Fed toward a more “ hawkish ” stance . Hawks tend to worry that rates kept too low for too long could escalate inflation or fuel asset bubbles . By contrast , “ doves ” favor the direction taken under Chair Janet Yellen , favoring relatively low rates to maximize employment .
Yellen , the first woman to lead the Fed , is serving a term that will end in February . So far , Trump has sent conflicting signals about whether they plan to nominate them for a second term .
___
AP Economics Writer Paul Wiseman contributed to this report .
× Eagles Fans ‘ Winging It ' as Super Bowl Nears
WILKES-BARRE — With the Super Bowl just days away , people are preparing all their favorite foods for the big game .
With the Eagles in the Super Bowl , wing places are expecting big crowds .
At the Chicken Coop on Wilkes-Barre Boulevard in Wilkes-Barre , getting ready for the Super Bowl means serving a lot of wings .
With the Eagles playing , manager Brandon Stuchkus says they already have orders ahead of the big game .
“ We notice an influx during the playoffs when teams from Pennsylvania that people actually care about are in the Super Bowl , should be fun , ” Stuchkus said .
At the Coop , they 're preparing more than 1,000 pounds of wings for the Super Bowl .
The most important aspect of wing prep is the sauce .
“ We go through about 15 gallons of sauce for most popular sauces and this weekend we could go through 60 so that 's four times that amount we usually go through . ”
At Schiel 's Family Market in Wilkes-Barre checkout lines were busy as people were getting everything on the Super Bowl shopping lists .
Nikki Elias is excited that the Eagles are finally back the Super Bowl and wanted to have delicious selections for family and friends .
“ Wings , hoagies , and definitely a dip feast — every dip , salsa , cheese , spinach dip , all that stuff , ” Elias said .
It 's food and football for friends and family .
Today 's guest is Rebecca Cowen-Hirsch , senior vice president , Government Strategy & Policy , US Government Business Unit , Inmarsat . Most listeners know that Inmarsat is a leading provider of satellite services to the commercial world and the federal government as well .
Satellites are included in this “ tech ” discussion because they are increasingly being included in many aspects of the federal world – they are responsible for many aspects of telecommunications , secure communication , and geospatial interests .
If you think the world of cloud computing is changing , listen to the interview with Rebecca Cowen-Hirsch . Today , there are “ constellations ” of thousands of satellites being deployed . India just launched a rocket with dozens of satellites . Today , some satellites can fit in your hand !
Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk have captured the attention of newspaper headline writers with their forays into consumer satellite technology . This interview will keep you up with new development for your agency .
SAUGEEN SHORES -
The Saugeen Shores Lifesaving Club ( SSLC ) and The Lifesaving Society welcomed approximately 300 athletes from 12 clubs to the Lifesaving Sport Ontario Junior , Ontario Masters and Ontario Senior championships Aug , 12-15 in Port Elgin and Southampton . The SSLS placed first overall in the Waterfront Juniors provincials Aug.12-13 with a total of 1,405 points , bettering its second place finish last year .
With a team of 60 volunteers the four-day competition at Port Elgin Main Beach and Chantry View Beach in Southampton ran smoothly according to Saugeen Shores Aquatics Supervisor and Meet Manager Shanna Reid who noted Port Elgin last hosted the Provincial Waterfronts in 1974 .
Reid said that lifesaving is one of the only sports based on the humanitarian principle of saving lives and the main reason they wanted to bring the Provincials to Saugeen Shores was to highlight the need for water safety training including teaching a healthy respect for water and how to rescue someone .
Based on age categories and sex , 102 Juniors and 18 Masters competitors showcased their skills at the Junior lifeguard games in Southampton with beach runs , beach sprints and beach flag competitions , which resembles a game of musical chairs . Competitors lay face down and must jump up and sprint to grab one of the coloured sticks in the sand . One stick is removed each heat and the competitor without a stick drops out . The event is designed to test running , scanning and decision-making skills . The water events Aug. 13 at PEMB included paddleboard rescues , surf ski races and swim races .
The hardest event was the Iron Guard that included a timed run , swim and paddle - with the distances extended for older age groups .
NAIROBI , Kenya ( AP ) - Kenya 's president says their government will spare no effort to recover all of the millions of dollars lost to a corruption scandal as diplomats representing 18 Western countries including the United States urge strong action against graft .
President Uhuru Kenyatta says `` there will be no mercy for the thieves . ''
Kenyatta spoke a day after 24 officials were charged with corruption-related offenses in a probe linked to the alleged diversion of nearly $ 80 million .
The president , who won a second term last year , has been criticized for not acting against corrupt officials despite numerous vows to crack down .
In a statement , the diplomats urge strong political leadership and zero tolerance of corruption .
Kenya is ranked 143th out of 180 states by Transparency International
April 3 GlaxoSmithKline Plc
* Files for debt shelf of up to $ 10 billion - SEC Filing
* GlaxoSmithKline - The debt securities will be issued by co or through one of its finance subsidiaries Source text : [ bit.ly/2oCKaNv ] Further company coverage :
CHARLESTON , WV ( WOAY ) – Governor Jim Justice and First Lady Cathy Justice today announced plans for the 2018 Easter Carnival on Saturday , March 31 , 2018 , from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the North Plaza of the State Capitol Complex .
“ Cathy and I are looking forward to continuing this annual Easter tradition , and we hope West Virginians from across the state will plan to join us to kick off the spring season in the Mountain State , ” Governor Justice said . “ We have planned a day full of fun and family-friendly activities . ”
“ Jim and I invite West Virginians of all ages to join us for this fun-filled celebration of the season , ” First Lady Justice said . “ The State Capitol is the perfect place for families to gather and enjoy the holiday in a unique and fun way . We look forward to continuing this wonderful tradition , and we hope that this year 's Easter Carnival will be the biggest one yet . ”
The North Plaza of the State Capitol Complex will be transformed into an Easter Carnival complete with games , prizes , crafts , food and an appearance by the Easter Bunny . The event is free of charge and open to the public . Door prizes for children 12 years old and under will be awarded at noon .
Immediately following the Easter Carnival , the West Virginia Division of Culture and History will host the annual A. James Manchin Memorial Marble Tournament . For more information about the tournament , contact Chris Reed , cultural program specialist for the Division , at ( 304 ) 558-0220 , ext . 185 .
Comments
From cleaning South Africa 's waterways to identifying clever solutions for farming – South African drone technology is advancing and it 's sparking international interest .
Editorial : Dr. Ronny Jackson lacks the resume to run the Veterans Affairs agency
Photo : Nicholas Kamm / AFP / Getty Images The nomination of Rear Admiral Ronny Jackson drew criticism .
Whether the rumored personal flaws are true or not , Ronny Jackson should n't be President Trump 's pick to run the Veterans Affairs Department . The agency , one of Washington 's biggest , demands a health care manager , not a personal favorite of the president .
Jackson 's selection was a quirky surprise from a president famous for impulsive actions . Trump is now even hinting that Jackson might drop out . The nominee is the official White House physician , a Navy rear admiral and Iraq veteran . In January , they surfaced into public view by giving a glowing report of Trump 's physical condition , suggesting they could live to 200 if they changed their diet . The president liked what they saw .
But Jackson 's background and a cheery appraisal do n't qualify them to run an institution that dispenses health care to millions of veterans , employs 360,000 and runs scores of hospitals , clinics and cemeteries on a $ 186 billion budget . It 's a job-killer task with every member of Congress aware that any disruption swamps their phones and emails .
Jackson 's skimpy resume was already drawing bipartisan resistance from lawmakers who need to approve their nomination . That reluctance is growing with a Senate panel now delaying a hearing on their confirmation . The ranking members of the Veterans Affairs Committee are postponing a public review until they dig deeper into the nominee 's background , a clearing warning sign to the White House about the pick .
The rumors touch a range of troubling topics that include drinking , over prescription of drugs and a hostile work environment . More broadly , though , it 's a question over vetting the candidate 's background . That 's a necessary step that clearly has n't happened .
With most Trump nominees , there 's a near instant divide between Republican supporters and Democratic critics , a familiar lineup that 's taking place right now around Mike Pompeo , the president 's choice as secretary of state . But that standoff is n't happening with Jackson so far . The Senate Veterans Affairs Committee is halting further consideration “ in light of new information , '' according to the top senators from both parties on the panel .
The task of running an enormous institution needs to go to a seasoned hand , a person who can manage of sprawling and essential institution . Adding to the complexity is Trump 's push to expand private care outside of the government-run agency . Jackson 's views are n't known .
Privatization is one part of the mix , but a far larger question is why Jackson 's weak credentials and skimpy vetting have allowed them to get this far . Their nomination should be withdrawn .
This commentary is from The Chronicle 's editorial board . We invite you to express your views in a letter to the editor . Please submit your letter via our online form : SFChronicle.com/letters .
© The West Australian and Seven West Media ( WA ) . All rights reserved .
The West Australian
OTTAWA - Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has extended the term of Saskatchewan Lt.-Gov . Vaughn Schofield until the end of December .
Schofield was sworn in to what is usually a five-year term in March 2012 .
They had a successful business career before they were appointed by former prime minister Stephen Harper .
In the 1980s , they were chair of the board of a 200,000-member crime prevention program and travelled North America establishing Crime Watch groups .
MANCHESTER , England ( AP ) — Ten-man Manchester City bounced back from a bruising defeat to title rival Liverpool by beating Burnley 2-1 in the English Premier League on Monday , easing the pressure on manager Pep Guardiola .
City captain Fernandinho was shown a straight red card in the 32nd minute for a two-footed lunge on Johann Gudmundsson at the Etihad Stadium – their third dismissal in their last six games .
Despite the setback , City 's French defender Gael Clichy broke the deadlock with a well-placed shot into the far corner in the 58th minute .
Sergio Aguero then came off the bench to score City 's second , firing in off the post from the tightest of angles four minutes later .
Advertisement
Burnley made a fight of it when an attempted clearance by City goalkeeper Claudio Bravo was eventually smashed over the line by Ben Mee in the 70th , but City held on for an important win after Saturday 's 1-0 defeat at Anfield .
City moved up to third place , two points behind Liverpool and seven behind leader Chelsea , which plays Tottenham on Wednesday . Fourth-place Arsenal , which faces Bournemouth on Tuesday , is two points behind Guardiola 's side .
City again found the going heavy despite starting well . Kelechi Iheanacho , hoping to justify their surprise selection ahead of Aguero , had an early opportunity but failed to get the ball round Tom Heaton . The Burnley keeper quickly scrambled to deny Raheem Sterling in a fine double save .
The hosts had to reorganize after Fernandinho 's red card , but failed to make much headway until Guardiola introduced Aguero and David Silva for the start of the second half .
The breakthrough came just before the hour when Michael Keane headed out a Bacary Sagna cross straight to Clichy . The Frenchman took a couple of touches on the edge of the area before striking a low shot that went behind the legs of Silva and beat Heaton at the far post .
Within moments , City had swept most of its earlier anxiety aside by doubling the lead .
Sterling shrugged off the defense to go through on goal , and although they stumbled while trying to go round Heaton , Aguero pounced from a narrow angle to finish with great precision . Keane was on the line and might have got their body in the way , but the ball was past them in a flash .
Burnley made life difficult for City in the closing stages by pulling a goal back in a goalmouth scramble .
Bravo invited the danger as they flapped at a corner and allowed Sam Vokes to get in a header . Nicolas Otamendi cleared off the line but Mee followed up with a shot that bounced over the line off the bar . Andre Gray then bundled over Bravo to force the ball in for a second time as play initially continued but , amid some confusion , the referee indicated that Mee 's effort had registered .
Aguero almost made it 3-1 after a quick break from Kevin De Bruyne but Matt Lowton blocked their shot , while Bravo palmed over a late effort from Keane at the other end as Burnley kept up the pressure in a vain search for an equalizer .
Winter Paralympics puts on incredible closing ceremony The West Australian
Australia finished the games with one gold and three bronze medals .
Again this morning
the invitation to be soft ,
to notice how when we wake ,
the cage of thorns that sprang up
yesterday is not now here .
It takes only just one thought of blame
or righteousness , and the thorns
return in all their ferocity
and brandish their barbs ,
and flaunt their hooks ,
but there is this moment
when we can simply notice
how soft we are , how vulnerable ,
and choose to stay that way ,
and a moment later , choose again ,
oh , the morning , it smells like freedom .
Aegon to divest Irish business to Athene
Dutch insurance company Aegon has agreed to divest its Irish business to Ager Bermuda , the parent company of the European operations of Athene , for about €180m .
Aegon Ireland , the Irish subsidiary of Aegon to be divested , offers wealth management and retirement planning products in the UK and Germany to more than 25,000 customers .
Its assets have been recorded to be worth about £4.7bn as of 30 June 2017 .
For Aegon , the transaction will streamline its portfolio of businesses further while growing its financial flexibility .
Earlier in the month , Aegon had agreed to divest its Dutch insurance brokerage subsidiary Unirobe Meeùs Groep ( UMG ) to Aon for €295m .
Aegon CEO Alex Wynaendts said : `` Aegon continuously reviews its portfolio of businesses in order to ensure that they fit the wider strategy of the group , and we have come to the conclusion to divest our business in Ireland . ”
“ We believe this change in ownership is in the best interest of all stakeholders concerned , and I would like to thank everyone at Aegon Ireland for their contribution to the company . ”
For Ager Bermuda , which is claimed to be the second largest reinsurance market in the world , the acquisition will be another major step towards becoming the premier run-off consolidator and life reinsurance partner in Europe .
Ager executive vice president Deepak Rajan said : “ We see significant opportunities with Aegon Ireland . This acquisition gives us a strong platform to accumulate Irish annuities , to create a reinsurance hub in Europe , and to provide services to all AGER group companies including our existing German operations .
“ A presence in Ireland has been part of our strategy from the beginning and Aegon Ireland is a perfect fit for our growth plans . ”
The parties expect the transaction to be completed by the first quarter of 2018 based on receipt of regulatory approvals .
Image : Aegon 's global headquarters in The Hague , the Netherlands . Photo : courtesy of Aegon .
Godrej Properties launches Godrej Golf Link Villas in Greater Noida Apartments , a pre hits the bolster running duty in Sector 106 Gurgaon . It has designed world-class 2BHK , 3BHK , and 4BHK right furnished units adjoining Dwarka Expressway . Godrej Properties is a well-recognized developer which is experienced for its high-rise residential projects and trust .
Godrej Golf Link Villas Flats is endowment luxurious facilities and amenities to cope more palatial and trivial society to the residents . The function features difficult to believe residential flats in en masse manner of sizes . Here , for the most part of your needs will be satisfied on the what it for the most part virtually of your needs and you will merit complete peace here . It is the excellent back forty for you and your family . Here , the pricing will be starting at Rs . 1.40 Cr . for 3BHK units . The business is located during Dwarka Expressway which is doubtless easy to access . Godrej Golf Link Residential Flats is an ultra-luxurious residential society by Godrej Properties and it will feature penthouses with modern specifications in Dwarka Expressway , Sector 106 Gurgaon .
The master bill of Godrej Reflections proposes discipline blend of point you need by all of modern features in all the well-designed apartments of Godrej Golf Link Greater Noida Detail in advanced lifestyle in aside inch of its landmark . Trust is a well known of the hobby factors in trustworthy estate mom-and-pop store for plot seekers . When world-class action projects are implemented in the market erstwhile , Godrej Properties has gained full trust of the residents . This beautiful launch undertaking has been blown up by world-class architects to shake world-class residences by all of best-in-class heart materials and lavish blueprint .
In this business , such of the exceptional features is having impulsive lake in the proximity . You can vow the serene and enjoyable view by all evening coffee . It is positioned completely the snug as a bug in a rug surrounding by the whole of city 's skyline . It has world-class apartments to give all one got you the acknowledgment of stunner home .
In this mega concrete jungle , there are a complete of everything who are inappropriate there eye to eye for action home . Being a gaping and at the cutting edge city of India , part of all around town builders are endowment thousands of projects based on hard data in rare areas around by commonly told of at variance specifications . After doing a lot of recognize , Godrej Properties has beat the living daylights out of forward by the whole of a world-class function voiced as Godrej Golf Link Villas Greater Noida Flats . It is a world-class property to what dwelling you bouncecel really win the true the way one sees it of your fix and a protection which cut uphold grant fastidious satisfaction to your mind .
We , SRK Residency PVT . LTD. are the authorized channel partner of Godrej Properties Call & Visit us for the best Deal for our Valuable Clients for Completing of getting your dream home . We are the fastest growing company in providing home solutions . We completely understand your home requirements . Better and valuing your time , we are keen to provide you door steps solutions for all your needs . SRK was formed with the only purpose of offering best-in-class real estate solutions to our valued buyers .
Kindly visit www.srkresidency.com
To get the complete Location and price detail of dream house in this project , Kindly
Contact us @ +91-9810047296 , +91-9810009987 , ( UK ) 442035145468 , ( USA ) +16466264218
We http : //www.srkresidency.com deals in Apartments for completing your Dream Homes .
For best offer , Kindly Visit the website for getting apartments
http : //godrejs-elements.com | http : //godrejmeridien-gurgaon.com | http : //godrejbellaryroad.srkresidency.com | www.srkresidency.com/godrej-golf-links-luxury-villas-in-greater-noida | http : //www.srkresidency.com/godrej-origins-vikhroli-trees-godrej/
Godrej Elements Hinjawadi in Pune |
Godrej Meridien in Gurgaon |
Godrej Bellery Road in bangalore |
Godrej Golf Link Villas in Greater Noida | Godrej Origins Vikhroli in Mumbai
Booking Starts for best affordable home Now . Call us at +919810047296
Turkish soldiers , positioned in the city center of Afrin , northwestern Syria , Monday , March 19 , 2018 , a day after they took the control of the area . Turkey 's President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said Monday following victory in Syria 's Afrin region , their country will expand its military operations into other Kurdish-held areas in Syria as well as in Iraq 's Sinjar region . ( Hasan KÄ±rmÄ±zitaÅŸ/DHA-Depo Photos via AP )
Turkish soldiers , positioned in the city center of Afrin , northwestern Syria , Monday , March 19 , 2018 , a day after they took the control of the area . Turkey 's President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said Monday following victory in Syria 's Afrin region , their country will expand its military operations into other Kurdish-held areas in Syria as well as in Iraq 's Sinjar region . ( Hasan KÄ±rmÄ±zitaÅŸ/DHA-Depo Photos via AP )
BEIRUT ( AP ) - Turkey 's seizure of the town of Afrin in northern Syria is a significant military achievement for Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan that gives them control over a large chunk of Syrian territory but also entrenches their troops as an occupying force in a crowded terrain packed with adversaries .
Ignoring criticism by the United States and Europe of their eight-week military offensive , Turkish forces and allied Syrian militiamen swept into Afrin on Sunday , marching victoriously into the town 's center and shooting in the air in celebration .
And it does n't stop there , Erdoğan says .
Emboldened , they vowed on Monday to expand military operations into other Kurdish-held areas in Syria and even into neighboring Iraq - a move that would potentially put their troops in direct confrontation with U.S. troops stationed nearby .
The main Kurdish militia , acknowledging defeat in Afrin , has vowed to turn to guerrilla warfare to confront Turkish troops .
Here 's a look at Turkey 's seizure of Afrin , and what lies ahead :
___
WHAT DOES Erdoğan REALLY WANT ?
At this point , that question is anyone 's guess . Turkey has long backed rebels fighting to oust President Bashar Assad from power , opening its borders to foreign fighters to join the war in Syria .
But the war has greatly empowered Erdoğan 's No . 1 enemy , the Kurds , whose rag-tag fighters Turkey considers to be `` terrorists '' and an extension of its own Kurdish insurgency . In the chaos of war , the Kurdish fighters have partnered with the United States to fight the Islamic State group and carved out a huge autonomous region along the border with Turkey , amounting to a quarter of Syria 's entire territory .
That has led Ankara to recalibrate its focus toward halting Kurdish expansionism .
Erdoğan , who first launched military operations in Syria in 2016 , has repeatedly said Turkey will not allow a `` terror corridor '' along its border and has vowed to push eastward in Syria after Afrin , to prevent the Kurdish militia from linking up territories it controls in eastern and western Syria . Turkey is home to some 3 million Syrian refugees , and Turkey has also said Afrin could be a place where those refugees would return to .
Afrin , a separate Kurkish-run canton cut off from the rest of Kurdish-held territory by a Turkish-held enclave , was an easy target .
But by pushing eastward as they are threatening to do , Erdoğan risks overplaying their hand and getting bogged down in a fight bigger than Turkey can handle .
___
WHAT DOES IT MEAN FOR THE KURDS ?
It 's a huge setback . Until a few months ago , Syria 's long-marginalized Kurds were described as the biggest winners in Syria 's civil war . They bragged of being the main ground force that ousted the Islamic State group out of its strongholds in Syria , including Raqqa , the extremist group 's de facto capital .
But the Kurds ' dream of self-rule is looking increasingly fragile . They have been historically used and cast aside , and may once again become the losers in the big powers ' play over influence in Syria .
The Turkish offensive on Afrin , which began Jan. 20 , has put the U.S. in a tough spot , juggling between the interests of the Kurds , its only ally in war-torn Syria , and its relations with Turkey , a key NATO ally . It did not move a finger to help the Kurds fight for Afrin .
The Kurds vowed to defend the enclave until the end , describing it as an existential fight to preserve their territory . They relocated hundreds of fighters from front lines with the Islamic State group to bolster the defense of Afrin .
In the end , they were no match for Turkey 's NATO army 's overwhelming firepower .
The Kurds lost more than 800 fighters in the 58 days of fighting for Afrin . An estimated 500 civilians were killed , and tens of thousands of Afrin residents streamed out of the town before the Turkish troops entered .
The Kurdish fighters also withdrew , ostensibly , to spare the remaining civilians .
___
WHAT HAPPENS NEXT ?
A lot hinges on whether Erdoğan goes ahead with their threat to expand military operations eastward , toward the town of Manbij and other areas east of the Euphrates River controlled by U.S.-backed Syrian Kurdish forces , and where U.S. bases are also housed .
While the U.S. was able to distance itself from the fighting in Afrin , it ca n't sit by silently if Turkey expands the fight to Manbij . Kurdish guerrilla-type attacks against Turkey and its Syrian allies could also jeopardize the U.S.-led mission to stabilize areas that have been captured from IS .
President Bashar Assad 's response is also an open question . Their forces are now preoccupied with recapturing eastern Ghouta , near Damascus , and other areas deemed more essential . But they have condemned Turkish `` occupation '' of parts of northern Syria and vowed to eventually recapture the region .
Another major question is whether the takeover would lead to ethnic cleansing of the Kurdish majority there . Images that emerged Sunday following Afrin 's takeover bode ill for the future of the ethnically-mixed region . Afrin residents reported widespread looting and pillaging soon after Turkish troops and allied Syrian fighters marched into the town center Sunday .
Turkey , along with its Syrian allies , already controls large chunks of territory east of Afrin . But its presence there was more accepted than in Afrin because it chased IS militants from those areas .
Some 200,000 people fled Afrin over the past few days , and whether they will be permitted to return remains an open question .
ATC holds an Ordinary and Extraordinary General meeting on April 18 , 2017 ( KSE ) Date : 16 Apr 2017 Advanced Technology Company holds an Ordinary and Extraordinary General meeting on April 18 , 2017 . Shareholders shall discuss recommendation to distribute 15 Fils cash dividends per share and amend Articles of Incorporation and Company Statute of the company .
CARLTON must disarm Sydney spearhead Lance Franklin if it is to mastermind a huge upset on the road on Friday night . WEEKEND BETTING GUIDE
But it does look a challenge of monumental proportions and if the Blues are able to win , it would be the fourth biggest upset since TAB started betting on AFL in 1995 .
Check out all the TAB odds in our weekly preview of the big clashes in the AFL , best from the racetracks , the NBA Finals and where the money is going in the countdown to Origin I at the MCG next week .
Camera Icon Ethan Brown pilots Iconoclasm to victory at Flemington . Picture : AAP
NICK QUINN 'S BEST BETS
HORSE RACING
JAMAICAN RAIN ( $ 1.95 )
( Moonee Valley Race 5 , No . 4 )
Could not have been brilliant winning last start and they again look the winner . Scratched from a winnable race at Sandown last Saturday in preference of this event and is worth sticking with .
ICONOCLASM ( $ 2.25 )
( Moonee Valley , Race 8 , No . 1 )
Sometimes the more a horse wins the better the price and that seem to be the case with Iconoclasm . They have won five of their past six starts and is worth sticking with as they race their way through the grades .
AFL
GOLD COAST +22.5 ( $ 1.80 )
Gold Coast comes into this game fresh after having the bye last week and return to Metricon Stadium . Gold Coast has won this fixture the previous two times . Geelong was belted by 34 points two weeks ago against Essendon before falling in against Carlton last week at home .
ESSENDON +20.5 ( $ 1.85 )
Essendon is back in town with two very impressive wins the past fortnight and should be good enough to cover the line against Richmond where they are given a 20.5 point start .
Richmond has lost to every top eight side from 2017 that they have played this season while the Bombers have won every time they have played a team that made finals last year .
THE PUNT SPECIAL
Melbourne to be the highest scoring team of the round at $ 8 . Market is located under Today 's Specials at tab.com.au and the TAB app
Camera Icon Sydney 's Lance Franklin has a superb record against the Blues . Picture : Getty Images
AFL
SYDNEY ( $ 1.03 ) V CARLTON ( $ 13 )
SCG , FRIDAY 7.50PM
STOPPING Lance Franklin will be Carlton 's first task in its bid for a huge upset victory over Sydney on Friday night .
The superstar full-forward , who is $ 6 with TAB to win the Goodes-O'Loughlin Medal for best player on the ground , notched 10 goals when these teams last met and has a healthy average of five goals against the Blues during their time at the Swans .
Franklin is equal favourite with Josh Kennedy while Luke Parker is $ 7 . Patrick Cripps is the first Blue in the market at $ 11 .
Nine of Franklin 's 10 goals last year were kicked on Liam Jones , with the former Bulldogs forward-turned-defender likely to get first crack at Buddy again .
Evergreen defender Kade Simpson has been a star performer against the Swans , averaging 27 possessions and eight marks in their past seven matches .
If the Blues are able to win , it would be the fourth biggest upset since TAB started betting on AFL in 1995 .
The $ 13 for a Carlton victory is also the fourth longest odds the Blues have been .
Dylan Atkinson
LEADING LONGSHOTS
Biggest ever upsets ( since 1995 )
$ 16 — R18 , 2014 — STK won by 58 v FRE
$ 15 — R22 , 2012 — GC won by 12 v Carls
$ 14 — R5 , 2011 — GC won by 3 v PA
Carlton 's longest ever odds
$ 18 — R23 , 2015 — L57 v HAW
$ 17 — R17 , 2015 — L138 v HAW
$ 17 — R9 , 2015 — L60 v SYD
$ 13 — R11 , 2018
WHO 'S THE BOSS
Goodes-O'Loughlin Medal winner
$ 5.50 Lance Franklin
$ 6 Josh Kennedy
$ 7 Luke Parker
$ 11 Patrick Cripps
$ 11 Isaac Heeney
$ 15 Dan Hannebery
$ 17+ Others Quoted
HAWTHORN ( $ 1.90 ) V PORT ADELAIDE ( $ 1.90 )
UNIVERSITY OF TASMANIA STADIUM , SATURDAY 2.10PM
HAWTHORN has lost just two of 31 matches when they have been favourite in Launceston since the middle of 2010 .
Overall , the Hawks have won 44 of 57 games at the ground since they played there for the first time in 2001 .
Coincidentally , Port Adelaide was the first team to defeat the Hawks at the venue in Shaun Burgoyne 's third game of their career .
The Power has an impressive record at Launceston , winning five of their eight matches there and Ken Hinkley 's side has also won four of the last six matches against the Hawks .
Both teams are $ 1.90 with TAB to win this match in a crucial game for the finals aspirations of both teams .
Running machine Isaac Smith will be a key player to watch in this game .
Not only is the wingman in career-best form this season , but they have also played some of their best football against Port Adelaide , averaging 23 disposals and a goal against them .
ESSENDON ( $ 3.25 ) V RICHMOND ( $ 1.35 )
MCG , SATURDAY 7.25PM
THE most predictable and least predictable sides for tipsters this season will meet on Saturday night in the Dreamtime at the G fixture .
Richmond is the only team this year that has not been involved in an upset , while six of Essendon 's matches have been won by the underdog , the most in the competition .
The Tigers have the wood over John Worsfold 's side , having won the last six games against them , stretching back to 2014 .
Dustin Martin has claimed the three Brownlow Medal votes in the past three matches , averaging 37 disposals , nine clearances and a goal .
The reigning Brownlow medallist is $ 6 with TAB to win the Yiooken Award for best on ground on Saturday night , an accolade they received in 2016 and 2017 .
With Jack Riewoldt under an injury cloud after their concussion last week and Michael Hurley likely to return to the Bombers side , Cale Hooker could line up back in the forward line .
YIOOKEN AWARD
$ 6 Dustin Martin
$ 8 Trent Cotchin
$ 11 Dyson Heppell
$ 11 Zach Merrett
$ 11 Josh Caddy
$ 13 David Zaharakis
$ 15 Alex Rance
$ 15 Jack Riewoldt
$ 21+ Others Quoted
NBA
GOLDEN STATE WARRIORS ( $ 1.10 ) V CLEVELAND ( $ 7 )
OAKLAND , SATURDAY 11AM
IT 'S on again .
For the fourth consecutive season Golden State will meet Cleveland in the NBA Finals .
Both Warriors and Cavaliers survived epic Game 7 wins over rivals Houston Rockets and Boston Celtics to book their spot in the big dance .
Kevin Durant and Steph Curry powered the Warriors past the Rockets to keep the dream alive for back-to-back NBA championships .
The Warriors ( $ 1.10 ) will host the Cavs ( $ 6 ) in Game 1 tomorrow ( AEST ) — and be strongly favoured to win their third championship ( $ 1.12 ) in the past four years despite the presence of LeBron James .
James stared down elimination with a record performance in Game 6 of Eastern Conference Finals before the Celtics capitulated in Game 7 .
James is making their seventh consecutive trip to the NBA Finals , having reigned supreme in 2012-13 with Miami Heat and the 2016 Cavaliers .
But the Warriors have been equally dominant , having outscored Houston 122-63 in the second half of the final two games of the series .
HARNESS RACING
VICTORIAN TROTTERS OAKS
TABCORP PARK , MELTON , SATURDAY 8.30PM
CHAMPION trainer-driver Kerryn Manning , the world 's most successful horsewoman , is gunning for a fourth Victorian Trotters Oaks .
Manning previously won the Group 1 feature in 2001 , 2004 and 2008 .
Aleppo Jewel is the $ 3.30 favourite for Manning , ahead of ultra-consistent filly Pretty Majestic ( $ 4 ) , Moonlight Dream ( $ 6 ) and Morgan Mylee ( $ 6 ) .
Manning has driven the three-year-old trotter Aleppo Jewel to victory in the past two starts , including a 30m Ballarat blitz two back in a slick time of 2:01.3 .
Pretty Majestic , a firm second favourite , finished third in the Group 2 NSW Trotters Oaks at Menangle two starts back .
Moonlight Dream , for Team Gath , was a close-up second last start at Maryborough , while NSW Trotters Oaks-winner Moonshine Linda ( $ 8.50 ) looks the pick of the value runners .
Fred Spiteri-trained trotter Fling About ( $ 12 ) is first-up after a long break , having not been to the races since winning three in a row late last year .
Camera Icon Origin debutants Tom Trbojevic and Angus Crichton during a team training session . Picture : AAP
STATE OF ORIGIN
NSW ( $ 1.55 ) V QUEENSLAND ( $ 2.50 )
MCG , WEDNESDAY 8.15PM
QUEENSLAND ( $ 2.50 ) has embraced the underdog tag ahead of the NRL State of Origin series-opener on Wednesday night at the MCG .
All eyes will be on the ‘ Baby Blues ' ( $ 1.55 ) after NSW coach Brad Fittler unveiled an exciting 17-man squad , including a record 11 rookies , loaded with speed and talent to burn .
Jack De Belin , Tom Trbojevic , Josh Addo-Carr , James Roberts , Latrell Mitchell , Nathan Cleary , Reagan Campbell-Gillard , Damien Cook , Tyrone Peachey , Paul Vaughan and Angus Crichton will all debut for the Blues .
The Maroons , the winners of 12 of the past 13 Origin series , will field two rookies , Felise Kaufusi and Jai Arrow , amid a generational change of their own .
Queensland has endured a turbulent campaign thus far , with Cameron Smith , effective immediately , and Billy Slater , at the end of the series , exiting the representative arena .
Slater will be the 10th player in Maroons history to play 30 Origin games .
Camera Icon Jamie Maclaren will be out to stake a claim on World Cup selection . Picture : News Corp Australia
FOOTBALL
SOCCEROOS ( $ 2.90 ) V CZECH REPUBLIC ( $ 2.45 )
AUSTRIA , FRIDAY 9PM
THE Socceroos ( $ 2.90 ) will ramp up World Cup preparations against the Czech Republic ( $ 2.25 ) in Austria on Friday night ( AEST ) .
The international friendly is an opportunity for in-form striker Jamie Maclaren to stake a claim on World Cup selection after receiving a shock call-up for injured Socceroo Tom Juric ( knee ) .
McLaren was originally left out when Socceroos coach Bert van Marwijk named an extended 26-man squad earlier this month .
The Socceroos have until June 4 to finalise the 23-man squad for Russia .
While McLaren is yet to score in five games for Australia , the livewire has been in fine late-season form for Scottish club Hibernian — bagging eight goals in 15 appearances .
Van Marwijk has left no stone unturned in Turkey , working the Socceroos incredibly hard over the past 10 days .
Socceroos captain Mile Jedinak only joined the national team last Tuesday after club side Aston Villa 's loss to Fulham in the Championship playoff .
Camera Icon Billy Slater passes the ball during the Queensland State of Origin team training . Picture : AAP
YOU BETCHA
ORIGIN I — BILLY SLATER
MAN OF THE MATCH
The bigger the stage the better Billy goes and there is no bigger stage in Australia than the MCG . Slater will be the glue for a new Queensland spine hungry to begin the post-Smith-Cronk-Thurston era with a bang .
Odds : $ 13
NBA FINALS
Hard to go past Golden State going the distance , but if Game 1 turns into an old-fashioned beat- down of Cleveland then Steph Curry and Kevin Durant ( below ) should be right in the thick of the action . Bank on Curry-Durant to score 25+ points each .
Odds : $ 2.40
* * * * * *
Think ! About your choices . Call Gambler 's Help Gambling Help or the ACT Gambling Counselling and Support Service on 1800 858 858 www.gamblinghelp.nsw.gov.au or www.gamblinghelponline.org.au Do n't chase your losses . Walk away . Gamble responsibly .
* * * * * *
Watch every match of every round of the 2018 Toyota AFL Premiership Season . SIGN UP NOW >
BRIDGEPORT , W.Va. ( AP ) - A group pushing for completion of a rail trail connecting Pittsburgh to Parkersburg , West Virginia , says the project has the potential to boost tourism by attracting hikers and bikers and the money they spend in local communities .
The Washington , D.C.-based Rails-to-Trails Conservancy released a feasibility study Tuesday . It shows filling gaps in Harrison , Marion and Wood counties in West Virginia would complete the 238-mile trail , referred by proponents as `` P2P . ''
The study was presented to lawmakers , planners and trail advocates in Bridgeport . The conservancy says the goal is to obtain commitments and support , and the study identifies funding sources , partnership opportunities and other steps needed to complete the work .
The conservancy says negotiations by trail groups and municipalities over the past 18 months will fill eight miles in the 22-mile gap .
___
Online :
www.railstotrails.org
U 21 A Football Championship North Final
Mountbellew/Moylough 0-13 Claregalway 1-9
U21 B Football Championship – North Semi-Final
Headford 2-11 Kilconly 1-6
All Other Games Were Called Off
FILE - In this Jan. 29 , 2018 , file photo , Missouri Gov . Eric Greitens speaks in Palmyra , Mo . Greitens is expected to ask a judge to move up their criminal trial to April 3 , more than a month earlier than scheduled . Attorneys for the Republican governor at a hearing Monday , March , 19 , 2018 also asked for a bench trial . The circuit attorney 's office opposes both notions . ( AP Photo/Jeff Roberson , File )
FILE - In this Jan. 29 , 2018 , file photo , Missouri Gov . Eric Greitens speaks in Palmyra , Mo . Greitens is expected to ask a judge to move up their criminal trial to April 3 , more than a month earlier than scheduled . Attorneys for the Republican governor at a hearing Monday , March , 19 , 2018 also asked for a bench trial . The circuit attorney 's office opposes both notions . ( AP Photo/Jeff Roberson , File )
ST. LOUIS ( AP ) - Missouri Gov . Eric Greitens is expected to ask a judge to move up their criminal trial to start in two weeks , more than a month earlier than scheduled .
Attorneys for the Republican governor at a St. Louis Circuit Court hearing Monday also said they anticipate asking for a bench trial .
Greitens was indicted in February on felony fourth-degree invasion of privacy for allegedly taking an unauthorized partially-nude photo of a woman with whom they were having an affair in 2015 , before they were elected . Greitens has admitted to the affair but denied criminal wrongdoing , accusing Democratic Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner of a politically motivated investigation .
A jury trial is currently slated to start May 14 . Defense attorneys said they anticipate asking that the case be moved up to April 3 .
`` This needs to be heard , '' Edward L. Dowd Jr. , one of Greitens ' attorneys , said after the hearing . `` The governor is innocent and is entitled to have their case heard and get it over with . ''
Dowd cited the high amount of publicity the case has received in the request for a bench trial . The circuit attorney 's office opposes both moves , spokesperson Susan Ryan said .
`` We believe the citizens of St. Louis , where the crime occurred , should have the opportunity to hear the evidence and make a decision on this case , '' Ryan said .
The circuit attorney 's office had opposed even the May 14 date as too early , saying at previous court hearings that more time was needed to prepare . Prosecutors initially requested a trial date in November .
Defense attorneys said they will file a second motion to dismiss the case , accusing prosecutors of misleading the grand jury over instructions of law . Attorney John Garvey did not elaborate . The first such motion has not been ruled on .
Chief Trial Assistant Robert Dierker called the claim `` patently without merit . ''
Greitens ' lawyers also filed a motion Sunday asking the court to disqualify Harvard professor Ronald Sullivan Jr. from the prosecution team . Sullivan was brought in earlier this month as a special assistant prosecutor .
The motion claims that the hiring of Sullivan violates a state law that forbids private attorneys from assisting elected prosecutors . It also notes that Sullivan represents parties other than the state of Missouri as a defense attorney in violation of state statutes .
Ryan said the circuit attorney 's office has frequently hired special prosecutors over the years . They said Sullivan is a defense attorney for a client in a federal case in Connecticut , but state law allows them to work as a prosecutor as long as they are n't simultaneously acting as a defense attorney in Missouri .
___
This story has been corrected to show that the first motion to dismiss has not been ruled on . It has n't failed .
BANGOR , Maine ( AP ) — Duson Majstorovic and Isaiah White each scored 20 points and provided the force as Maine celebrated Star Wars Day with a 104-51 trouncing of Division III University of Maine at Machias on Sunday afternoon .
The win was the Black Bears ' fourth victory over an in-state rival , including an exhibition win over Division III Husson University . Maine 's three wins in 11 games all have come against in-state competition , posting wins over Saint Joseph 's College of Maine and the University of Maine , Presque Isle .
The Black Bears shot 34 of 69 from the field ( 49.3 percent ) , including 12 of 34 from behind the 3-point arc .
Danny Evans and Aaron Calixte each added 13 points for Maine , which takes a week off before facing Saint Joseph 's Sunday in Philadelphia .
Darius Clark and Travonne Thompson led Maine-Machias with 16 and 14 points , respectively . The Clippers converted just 1 of 13 shots from behind the arc .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
The mayor of Surrey says they will ask the federal government for $ 10 million in funding for anti-gang programs in British Columbia 's fastest-growing city , where people are dealing with “ emotional upheaval ” after recent acts of gun violence .
Linda Hepner said Tuesday the money would be spent over five years after a task force aimed at preventing gang violence issued a report with six recommendations , including an expanded gang exit and outreach program that has been led by a combined police and border services unit for about 18 months in the province .
“ We first piloted it and it 's the only one in the country that I know of , ” Hepner said .
“ In less than two years , it 's actually worked with more than 100 people that are in gangs . They 've actually now got a chance to be part of a gang free future but that is in jeopardy because we need funding for that . ”
Hepner said “ dozens ” of people have left gangs because of the program , which the province has committed to funding until the end of the year .
Surrey residents have held anti-violence rallies calling for action , including more RCMP officers , after two teenage boys were recently found shot to death on a rural road and a father and hockey coach was gunned down outside a home .
The task force , which Hepner led after launching it last October , also recommended more police enforcement and the launch of an initiative that would allow nightclubs and other businesses to ban alleged gangsters .
The expansion of early intervention programs to deter children from entering the gang lifestyle was among the recommendations , and Hepner said some kids lured into gangs are as young as 10 and come from a range of backgrounds .
“ The profile is so different in British Columbia than anywhere else in North America , ” they said . “ They could be affluent , they could be poor , they could be middle income . They run the gamut here . ”
Hepner said youths are joining gangs for difference reasons .
“ Generally , those that are more affluent are out for glory and glamour , ” they said . “ The ones that are in more vulnerable economic circumstances have often been subject to trauma . Lots of them are subject to seeing domestic abuse , some of them not feeling that they fit in culturally and do n't feel part of the community . ”
Other recommendations include the development of strategies to help at-risk children and their families , as well as stronger neighbourhood-based and culturally appropriate programs .
The mayor is also calling for more funding from the provincial government .
The Public Safety Ministry announced $ 1.12 million in funding Tuesday to expand an anti-bullying program based in schools called Expect Respect and a Safe Education , or ERASE , in communities across the province where gang-affiliated behaviours have been identified . It said the strategy is designed to prevent , identify and stop harmful behaviours , whether they occur in school or online .
The task force in Surrey included citizens , people from the business community , police and a local member of Parliament . It said RCMP statistics suggest gang members involved in conflicts between 2014 and 2016 were age 23 on average and had committed their first criminal offence at the average age of 16 .
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
CHICAGO ( AP ) — Whit Merrifield hit a three-run homer and drove in a career-high five runs , and the Kansas City Royals pounded the Chicago White Sox 14-6 on Sunday .
Drew Butera had four of Kansas City 's 16 hits , helping the Royals climb back over .500 at 59-58 . Jorge Bonifacio hit their 15th homer , and Lorenzo Cain had two hits and two RBIs .
Jason Vargas ( 14-6 ) worked six innings to match their career high for wins set in 2012 with Seattle . The left-hander allowed three runs and six hits , struck out seven and walked two .
Tim Anderson hit a two-run homer for AL-worst Chicago , and Avisail Garcia added a two-run double .
First lady Melania Trump , left , and Brigitte Macron , wife of French President Emmanuel Macron , tour the Cezanne exhibit at the National Gallery of Art , Tuesday April 24 , 2018 , in Washington . At right is Frank Kelly , with the museum . ( AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin )
First lady Melania Trump , left , and Brigitte Macron , wife of French President Emmanuel Macron , tour the Cezanne exhibit at the National Gallery of Art , Tuesday April 24 , 2018 , in Washington . At right is Frank Kelly , with the museum . ( AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin )
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - Melania Trump and Brigitte Macron ditched the White House Tuesday for a visit with the works of Paul Cezanne .
The first ladies of the United States and France headed across town to the National Gallery of Art 's exhibit of about 60 portraits by the French post-impressionist painter . They paused near by a portrait of Cézanne 's father reading a newspaper in a chair . Mary Morton , the museum 's curator of French paintings , explained that the painter had a difficult relationship with their father , who was a banker and wanted the artist to become a lawyer . The painting is from the Mellon family collection .
The two first ladies , both in stilettos and Mrs. Trump in a wide-brimmed white hat , then strolled through the building 's Rotunda past a statue of Mercury .
At least in front of the cameras , Mrs. Macron did much of the chatting with the curators . Cezanne is one of France 's most celebrated artists . They are known for capturing a moment in time in their works and is regarded as a major influence on other painters , such as Pablo Picasso .
`` Merci , '' Mrs. Macron said , as they and Mrs. Trump rounded a fountain in an interior courtyard . Asked later whether they were enjoying their time in Washington , they nodded and said in English , `` Thank you . ''
It was the second day of French President Emmanuel and Brigitte Macron 's visit to Washington . Later Tuesday , the Trumps are hosting the couple at the administration 's first state dinner .
TORONTO - They called them `` The Don , '' and with good reason .
A larger-than-life character with a sharp wit who thrived in the spotlight , Don Matthews took wicked pleasure in keeping people around them on edge with their abrasive , no-nonsense style .
Former B.C . Lions head coach Don Matthews is driven onto the field to be inducted into the CFL football team 's Wall of Fame during halftime of the team 's game against the Edmonton Eskimos in Vancouver , B.C. , on Saturday July 20 , 2013 . The Hall of Famer , who died Wednesday at the age of 77 , was one of the most prolific coaches in CFL history with 231 wins and 10 Grey Cups on their resume . THE CANADIAN PRESS/Darryl Dyck
The Hall of Famer , who died Wednesday at the age of 77 , was one of the most prolific coaches in CFL history with 231 wins and 10 Grey Cups on their resume .
But they were also a controversial figure who had a high-risk , high-reward philosophy .
Players traditionally loved suiting up for them because of their reputation for creating a winning atmosphere and protecting their athletes . During the regular season , Matthews ' teams rarely hit during practice and they routinely allowed their players to participate in creating the weekly game plan .
Yet they maintained their distance . While known for being a `` player 's coach , '' they could also be ruthless when it came to making tough personnel decisions and they are n't afraid to bench a veteran or cut them outright if they are n't producing .
`` It 's that balance and to do that you must be brilliant , '' said running back/slotback Mike ( Pinball ) Clemons , who won two Grey Cups over three seasons playing for Matthews in Toronto . `` Some people try to be a player 's coach but they let it go too far and the players run the roost .
`` He was a player 's coach but they were also the boss and everybody knew that . ''
Matthews was also brutally honest , a trait reporter covering their teams knew well as they would call them out publicly for asking what they deemed to be an inappropriate question .
But even the press corps respected him , voting Matthews the CFL 's coach of the year five times .
The Toronto Argonauts said they died Wednesday morning in Beaverton , Ore . They had announced in 2012 they were battling cancer .
In a statement , the CFL called Matthews `` one of a kind . ''
`` Upon hearing of the passing of Don Matthews , the Canadian Football League family is both deeply saddened by this loss and grateful for their many contributions to our league , '' the statement said .
Charismatic and brash with a sandpaper personality , Matthews was also a CFL winner from the beginning .
The native of Amesbury , Mass. , who eventually became a Canadian citizen , began their CFL coaching career as an assistant with the Edmonton Eskimos in 1977 before being promoted to defensive co-ordinator the following season . They helped the club win five straight Grey Cup titles from 1978 to '82 before being named the B.C . Lions head coach in 1983 .
Matthews spent 22 seasons as a CFL head coach with B.C. , Baltimore , Saskatchewan , Edmonton , Toronto and Montreal , reaching the Grey Cup nine times and winning a record five championships as a head coach . They were inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame in 2011 .
`` He was , quite frankly , the best leader I 've ever been around , '' Clemons said . `` He taught me so much and the majority of those lessons you did n't realize were lessons until after the experience when you realized you walked away with more than you gave , more than you were promised and much more than you were entitled to .
`` He was magical in their approach , they were infectious . But uniquely , they had a way of bringing out the best in people , they put you in the best position to be successful . ''
And that included Clemons , who said Matthews allowed them to be a full-time running back for the first time in their career in 1996 . That season , Clemons had more receiving yards ( 1,268 ) than rushing ( 286 ) , which was a break from the football norm .
`` He changed their philosophy , they changed the game to accommodate my skill set in a time where that really did n't happen , '' Clemons said .
Matthews ' influence on Clemons continued when they served as Argos head coach from 2000 to 2007 .
`` I think I was true enough to who I was , I did n't try to be them because you could n't , '' Clemons said . `` There was only one Don Matthews .
`` While I did n't try to be him , much of who they are become who I was because of their influence . ''
More often , the public 's view of Matthews was as a free-spirited straight shooter who was never lacking in self confidence . They were passionate about riding big motorcycles and launched a CD and video of the rallying chant `` What Time is It ? '' based on a speech they gave during the Montreal Alouettes ' 2002 Grey Cup victory parade .
But there were physical signs late in their career that time had caught up with Matthews . Their face had become rounder and often appeared more flush . They were known to use a golf cart to get around during Alouettes practice , rather than walk .
Prior to the 2004 East Division final versus Toronto , Matthews downplayed their reputation , saying `` I have a passion for milk and cookies . I have a way more boring life than some of you might think . ''
But Matthews was anything but boring .
They were a master at moulding players to suit their systems . Routinely their defences were ranked at or near the top of most CFL categories , yet their players were well down in the individual statistical races .
Matthews was never afraid to put it on the line in a big game and in 2003 , they rode an attacking , blitzing Alouettes defence into the 2003 Grey Cup despite having rookies D.J . Johnson and Brandon Williams at cornerback .
They stubbornly refused to change their philosophy in the CFL title game that year , choosing to blitz freely throughout and put Johnson and Williams in man coverage against more experienced receivers . The move backfired as Edmonton quarterback Ricky Ray continually victimized Johnson and Williams in leading the Eskimos to a 34-22 victory .
Though they rarely showed it publicly , Matthews also had a softer side .
When they were Argos head coach , they attended a book launch for Clemons . Matthews was holding Clemons ' baby daughter Raven during the news conference when they began to squirm . To calm the little girl , Matthews removed one of their shoes and gently rubbed the bottom of their foot , settling them down immediately .
`` That 's really what I think was unique about him , they were a man of all seasons , '' Clemons said . `` Most of the time people do n't do it and you discourage leaders to do that mostly because they ca n't .
`` The key thing here was they could and they did . They had this wonderful personal touch and they changed lives . ''
'Tingin ko ito pa lang ata 'yung magandang laro ko simula noong natrade ako sa NLEX , ' Cyrus Baguio says
Published 10:33 PM , February 03 , 2018
MANILA , Philippines – Cyrus Baguio could n't have picked a better time to play their best game in an NLEX uniform , turning in an all-around performance reminiscent of their heydays to help the Road Warriors arrest a 4-game skid .
Baguio registered 13 points , 6 rebounds , 4 steals , and 3 assists in NLEX 's 81-78 come-from-behind win over Barangay Ginebra Saturday , February 3 , and had the biggest plus-minus among the Road Warriors with +14 in 25 minutes of action .
Quiet in the first 3 periods with NLEX down 55-59 , the former University of Santo Tomas stalwart found their offensive niche in the 4th quarter , scoring the team 's first 11 points to keep the Road Warriors within arm 's reach before Larry Fonacier and JR Quinahan provided the finishing touches .
`` Tingin ko ito pa lang ata 'yung magandang laro ko simula noong na-trade ako sa NLEX , '' said Baguio , who was shipped to the Road Warriors August last year from the Phoenix Fuel Masters . ( I think this is the best game since I was traded to NLEX . )
Baguio averaged just 5.3 points in NLEX 's first 6 outings , which saw the Road Warriors drop 4 straight games after winning their first two . In those 6 games , Baguio did not reach double figures .
Although their scoring was one of the key reasons for the win , the 37-year-old deflected the credit to the team 's overall defense after NLEX forced Ginebra to 24 turnovers to score 31 points .
But Baguio was not just about scoring as they also had a hand on the less glamorous end of the floor , swiping more than one-third of NLEX ' 11 steals .
`` Maganda lang talaga 'yung depensa namin kanina , para sakin mas gusto ko 'yung mga ganitong laro 'yung dikit para lalong mag-grow ‘ yung team kasi baka sakaling magamit namin sa future games namin , '' said Baguio . `` Pinakaimportante 'yung depensa namin , na-stop namin sila . ”
( We played great defense . I like this kind of tight games for us to grow as a team and we can use the lessons we learned here for our future games . The most important of all is our defense . We stopped them . )
With their one-month slump behind them , Baguio hopes the winning does not end against the Gin Kings as they became relevant in the playoff race again , tying Ginebra and Phoenix at 6th place with identical 3-4 cards .
`` Malaking tulong 'yung panalo namin ngayon . At least nawala na 'yung malas . The more na natatalo ka , nada-down 'yung morale ng mga players e , nawawalan ng kumpyansa . '' ( This win is a big boost for us , at least , we got rid of the curse that comes with the losing streak . The more that you lose , the more that players lose their confidence . )
`` Meron pa kaming apat na game so kailangan lang ituloy namin at dagdagdan 'yung ginawa namin kanina , ” Baguio concluded . ( We still have 4 games left so we have to continue playing like this and add more to what we did when we won earlier . )
NLEX will face the reeling Meralco Bolts next on February 9 at the Cuneta Astrodome . – Rappler.com
HARRISBURG , Pa. ( AP ) - Democratic Gov . Tom Wolf 's administration said Monday that it will make $ 35 million available to encourage telecommunications companies to extend high-speed internet service to areas of Pennsylvania that lack it .
Wolf 's administration said it hopes to expand broadband internet to every part of Pennsylvania by the end of 2022 .
The incentives are designed to be available ahead of a $ 2 billion Federal Communications Commission auction that subsidizes the build-out of broadband internet to unserved areas so that it helps private companies to bid more competitively in the FCC 's auction by lowering the amount of federal funds needed for projects , the administration said .
Residents in sparsely populated areas say it is next to impossible to stream TV shows , telecommute , do videoconference or consistently access their cloud-based email . The FCC estimates that about 800,000 Pennsylvania residents lack access to high-speed internet access . About two-thirds are in rural areas while one-third is in urban areas .
However , 20 percent of rural Pennsylvanians do not have speedy internet connections , compared to 3 percent in urban areas , an example of the so-called digital divide between technological haves and have-nots .
Pennsylvania recently lost its bid to keep $ 140 million in federal subsidies for rural broadband after Verizon declined it two years ago .
The Wolf administration said the state Department of Transportation will use the Pennsylvania Infrastructure Bank to offer the incentives in exchange for dedicated or enhanced network services from private providers . That will help PennDOT improve network services along key roadways , the administration said .
Swansea City must add an element of feistiness to their game if they are to kick-start their bid to avoid relegation from the Premier League at Watford on Saturday , winger Wayne Routledge has said .
A five match winless run , including four losses , has seen Swansea , owners of the league 's worst defensive record having conceded 67 goals so far , slip to 18th in the table , two points adrift safety with six games remaining .
`` Everyone is saying Watford is like a final but it 's almost more than a final now . We all know what position we are in , and it 's time now to show a bit of steel , '' Routledge told the club 's website .
`` We know that at this stage of the season , we have to deliver ... Realistically , we have got games that could go either way and what we have to do is make sure they go our way . ''
Swansea won five of manager Paul Clement 's first eight league games in charge but have gone off the boil in recent weeks and Routledge reckons the Welsh club will need to go on a similar run to avoid relegation .
`` When the boss came in we went on amazing run . That was pretty spectacular . We probably need to do something like that again now to guarantee safety , '' they added .
`` It 's about putting it together on match day , starting at Watford this weekend . ''
( Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru )
ALBUQUERQUE , N.M. ( AP ) - Authorities are awaiting autopsy results to determine what caused the death of a transgender woman who was in the custody of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement .
Federal authorities say the 33-year-old woman from Honduras died early Friday at an Albuquerque hospital , where they were admitted after showing symptoms of pneumonia , dehydration and complications associated with HIV .
The woman was identified by activists as Roxana Hernandez . They say they were part of a caravan of Central American migrants that traveled to the U.S. border through Mexico .
Federal authorities listed their name as Jeffry Hernandez and said they were first detained May 13 in San Diego . They were later transferred to El Paso , Texas , and then to a detention center in western New Mexico where they were housed in the transgender unit .
State and local health officials have confirmed the West Nile virus is present in four separate mosquito samples and three human cases as well .
Blaine , Hill , Custer and Prairie counties tested mosquitoes in their area and the results are marked as positive for the virus . Meanwhile , in McCone , Bighorn and Toole counties , humans tested positive . In those cases all adults suffered from mild symptoms and were not hospitalized .
“ So what we are hoping people will do is take this as a warning that the mosquitoes that are capable of transmitting West Nile are hatching in Montana . They have been out for maybe a few weeks . The best thing you can do is avoid mosquito bites ” said Jim Murphy .
To avoid mosquito bites , they recommend limiting outdoor exposure during dusk and dawn . if you do have to go outside , cover up with long-sleeved shirts and pants , wear at least 25 percent deet insect repellant , and children should wear 10 percent deet insect repellant .
Also try and reduce the amount of standing water around your home , like clogged drains or gutters , dog bowls , and buckets .
One program in Great Falls is offering the chance not only for kids to get active and creative outdoors this summer but also a healthy , and consistent meal when needed .
This summer , the Great Falls Public School district is teaming up with the park and recreation department and Get Fit Great Falls * to help feed children all summer long .
Every weekday until August 11 , this program will go to different parks around the Electric City not only will they feed your child for free , there are also different activities that they can participate in .
From face panting , to sidewalk drawing at no cost to you ! one organizer says the reason behind this initiative is simple . no kid should go hungry .
Gibson Park , 9:45-10:30 a.m. ( free food follows )
Verde Park , 10:45-11:30 a.m .
Rhodes Park , 12:15-1 p.m. ( free food at noon )
Lions Park , 1:15- 2p.m . ( free lunch at 12:40 )
Pinski Park , 2:15-3 p.m .
ESPANOLA , Ont . — Provincial police say they 've recovered the body of a missing swimmer at Chutes Provincial Park .
Police say a 28-year-old man was reported missing on Sunday night after failing to resurface while swimming in the park about 30 kilometres west of Espanola , Ont .
The victim has been identified as Talwinder Singh of Lasalle , Que .
An autopsy to determine the cause of death is scheduled for Friday .
Contracting company Tempo Australia has replaced Max Bergomi as chief executive with former Bis Industries boss Ian Lynass .
Chairman Carmelo Bontempo said Mr Bergomi was stepping down after two years leading Tempo during a challenging time in the WA market .
Mr Lynass joined Tempo in January in a strategy and corporate development role . They led mining logistics provider Bis for five years until 2015 .
Mr Bontempo said Mr Bergomi , who had joined Tempo from Clough would assist their successor 's transition over coming months .
“ ( Mr Lynass ) brings global experience to our management team and a track record of building high-performing companies , ” they said .
Mr Bontempo also announced that significant shareholder and board member Guido Belgiorno-Nettis would become deputy chairperson .
My Lynass left Bis at a difficult time for the private equity-owned company . It had lost a contract at Fortescue Metals Group 's iron ore mines worth hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue and was struggling with debt .
It was recapitalised late last year under a new ownership structure .
At Tempo they will get fixed pay of $ 250,000 a year plus $ 350,000 in performance rights in the first two years . They will also be allocated 500,000 performance rights , vesting after three years .
Tempo 's share were unchanged at 18.5¢ at 11.50am .
At the Google I/O 2015 , the arrival of the cab hailing service Uber on Android Wear was announced . It was also said to include impressive features those are tailored to suit the wearable platform .
Now , almost after two years , this is turning into reality . We say this as one of the recent reports suggest that Uber is now accessible even from the wrist . The Android Wear 2.0-powered devices will include the support for the cab hailing service .
The worrying part is Uber is exclusive only to the latest iteration of Android Wear . The users of wearables based on the older versions of the platform will not be able to enjoy this feature . Moreover , Uber will be a standalone app that can work without a companion app or a tethered mobile phone .
Also Read : After Google Maps , you can book an Uber ride from the Paytm app
Uber 's smartwatch version has an array of functionalities . Some of these include checking prices and time estimates , the ability to request rides , browse the bookmarked destinations , check the location of the driver before and during the ride , and more .
You can download and install the Uber smartwatch app from the Play Store available on the Android Wear 2.0 wearable . Keep in mind that you get to enjoy using Uber on your smartwatch only if you have an Android Wear 2.0-based device .
Source
When it comes to comedy , Late Night host Seth Meyers is clear about what drew them in : `` I got into it because it looked like the most fun job in the world , and it has not led me astray , '' they said at Fresh Air 's 30th anniversary show , taped in front of a live audience in Philadelphia earlier in June .
Indeed , Meyers ' resume is packed with fun . Before taking over the reins at Late Night , they spent 13 years at Saturday Night Live , first as a performer , then as head writer and the co-host , alongside Amy Poehler , of the show 's `` Weekend Update '' segment .
But both writing and working in front of a live audience each week on SNL was not without its drawbacks . Meyers recalls ruminating over shows that did n't quite hit the mark : `` If you had a bad SNL , it stayed with you all week , '' they said .
Now , as host of their own nightly show , Meyers actively works against the instinct to second guess himself . `` We made this decision after [ Late Night ] every night not to do a post-op ... [ and ] instead [ to ] sleep on it , '' they said . `` And if it 's still bothering you in the morning , let 's talk then . The reality is , you are then just focused on the next show . ... It 's nice to be in this place where you can be very forward focused . ''
Interview Highlights
On late night comedy in the Trump era
People say , Oh you are doing the job of journalists . We ca n't do our job without journalists . Journalists can do their job without late night comedians ; they 'd be just fine without us . But we , of course , use their work every day to build our pieces . ...
I think we 're all lucky as a society that journalists are trying to hold this standard and hold this line of what it means to be a journalist , and the integrity that it means to be a journalist . Whereas comedians are built for the Donald Trump era , because we comedians notoriously have very low levels of integrity .
On making fun of Donald Trump at the 2011 White House Correspondents ' Dinner
I saw them three days after , and we were at an event in New York . ... The reason that I found them to be such a fair target that night [ of the dinner ] was the birther issue — that was what they were loudly championing at the time , which I still , to this day , find to be one of their more disgraceful things he 's ever done . So I was n't just bullying for the sake of bullying . I thought they are , and continue to think he 's a bully .
Lorne Michaels , [ creator and executor producer of SNL ] , one of the things he 'd always say to you is : Do n't tell a joke about somebody where , if you saw them , you would feel you had to leave the room . Be decent enough , if it 's fair enough and you believe in it , you should n't have to leave the room .
And so I saw them and I walked over and I said , `` Hey , I just wanted to thank you for being a good sport the other night . '' Even though they had n't been and they had already criticized me . I wanted to give them the chance to have some revisionist history with me . And they did not , and they said : `` You were very rude . It was too far , the president was funny . You were too rude . '' And I said , `` Well , it 's good seeing you . ''
But then we ran into each other at the SNL 40th , which I would say [ was ] maybe only about four months before they announced [ his candidacy ] . ... It was very crowded , and that studio is very small and I realized — I was with my wife — and I realized we are going to cross in an aisle getting to our seats . ... They and I actually had a very lovely bygones be bygones interaction then , and I think we would be in a perfectly fine place had they not decided to run and win president .
On getting their start in comedy
My father to this day is the funniest person I know . And they were the funniest person anybody who knew them knew . And when they started laughing at me , when I could make them laugh , I had the sense of , Oh I might be good at this .
And also , my parents , at a very inappropriate age , introduced us to things like SNL and Monty Python , and it was stuff I just loved and was delighted by . And I went off to college and I had n't really done much comedy stuff , but I went to Northwestern University ... and they had a really good improv troupe and I saw it [ during ] `` new-student week '' my first-year student year , and I had a real sense of ... I think I can get onstage with other really funny people and come up with things off the top of my head .
On being hired at SNL as a performer in 2001
I was hired as a performer and then they course corrected . [ Becoming a staff writer ] took about five years , and those were my hardest five years on the show . I thought when you showed up at SNL , that meant you were as good as everybody at SNL . Like how could Lorne be wrong ?
And you walk down the hallway ... there 's everybody 's first headshot . And your first few weeks there , you just see all the people that are super famous and you realize that 's your next chapter : Oh Eddie Murphy , Mike Myers , Will Ferrell , I 'm on that path . And then , about three months in , you start looking at the people who were there only a year , and you 're like , Oh no , maybe I 'm gon na be that person . I was really afraid I would be fired .
On getting the phone call from SNL that they might not renew their contract
Two years in , and this happens , you basically get a call where they 're like , `` We 're supposed to pick up your contract this day [ but ] we 're gon na wait another month . '' [ They 're ] basically saying , We 're gon na see what else is out there before we make a decision . I did get that call , and that is an awful way to spend a month in the summer . ...
It was really bad , and the other thing that was really bad , and this is something that was my own shame and something that I did not find attractive in myself : The people that came after me were some of the great performers I think of this generation . Fred Armisen came , Will Forte , and then Bill Hader and Jason Sudeikis , and Andy Samberg . And these were people that I was in competition with , and they were my friends . And I felt great jealousy towards them and their successes — which was an awful thing to feel . And so I was kind of saved by the fact that Lorne offered me this position on the writing staff , and then I felt at home . It was the first time that I felt like I was adding value as opposed to keeping space warm .
On how hosting Late Night has changed their lives
It is strange , because I do walk into the same building , it is on the same floor as Saturday Night Live , so there are parts of my life that are very similar ; I did not have to move to a different place or a new elevator bank . But there is this lovely consistency to a job that is the same hours every day and the same schedule everyday .
And also at SNL , they call the guests `` hosts '' for a reason , because they completely take over the DNA of [ the show ] that week . Whereas your own show , you are the host , because the guests ultimately do n't change the show that much . ... It 's nice to be in a place that is more consistent . That is the part I enjoy the most .
On the best parts of working in comedy
It was a chance to work with people who are really funny , which has been the greatest gift of this life . ... I loved sports and was terrible at sports , and I never once in my life did anything on any field of play that gave me that adrenaline rush of success . But I do feel that when you write something or when you tell a joke that works really well ; it 's the greatest feeling on Earth . I am chasing it because it makes me feel good , I 'm not trying to cloak anything that feels bad .
Radio producers Lauren Krenzel , Therese Madden and Ann Marie Baldonado and Web producers Bridget Bentz , Heidi Saman and Beth Novey contributed to this story .
A Research Study Titled , “ Cardiac Assist Devices Market By End User ( Hospitals , Ambulatory And Surgical Centers ) Product Type ( Ventricular Assist Device ( Vad ) And Intra-Aortic Balloon Pump ) & Modality ( Transcutaneous And Implantable ) – Global Industry Analysis And Forecast To 2023 ” , Published By Crystal Market Research
Market Highlights
The Cardiac Assist Devices Market is expected to show considerable growth over the forecast period . Cardiac Assist Devices ( CAD ) is sort of mechanical pumps that work alongside the heart to enhance its pumping proficiency and keep up the ideal blood stream all through the body . Cardiovascular Help Gadgets can be portioned in three kinds ventricular help gadgets , intra-aortic inflatable pumps ( IABPs ) and aggregate artificial heart . Cardiac Assist Devices ( CAD ) is a mechanical pump which takes blood from a lower council of the heart and pumps it to the body and imperative organs . Ventricular gadgets are of two kinds right ventricular help gadget ( RVAD ) , left ventricular help gadget ( LVAD ) and if both the ventricular assist devices are utilized they are known as biventricular help gadget ( BIVAD ) . Intra-aortic inflatable pump is a kind of computer aided design gadget which increments myocardial oxygen perfusion and heart yield in the meantime . Total artificial heart is a gadget which replaces the lower assemblies of heart and recuperates coming up short heart by playing out all elements of an ordinary heart .
Request a Sample of this Report @ https : //www.crystalmarketresearch.com/report-sample/HC061052
Regional Outlook and Trend Analysis
North America is expected to show considerable growth over the forecast period . Europe is the second biggest market following North America with second biggest most astounding predominance for heart sicknesses and increment in populace surpassing 60 – 65 years age group . Asia Pacific and Rest of the World are the areas including China , India , Brazil , Russia and South Africa has altogether huge number of underserved patients enduring with cardiovascular maladies consequently spoke to as future appealing markets for CAD .
Competitive Insights
The leading players in the market are Berlin Herat GmbH , ABIOMED , Inc. , MAQUET GmbH & Co. KG , Thoratec Corporation , Teleflex Incorporated , HeartWare International , Inc. and others . The major players in the market are profiled in detail in view of qualities , for example , company portfolio , business strategies , financial overview , recent developments , and share of the overall industry .
Cardiac Assist Devices Market – By Region :
Middle East and Africa ( Saudi Arabia , UAE , Egypt , Nigeria and South Africa )
North America ( U.S , Canada , Mexico )
Europe ( Germany , France , UK , Italy , Spain , Rest of Europe )
Asia-Pacific ( Japan , China , Australia , India , South Korea , Rest of Asia-Pacific )
Rest of the World ( Brazil , South Africa , Saudi Arabia , Turkey , United Arab Emirates , Others )
Table of Content :
Table of Contents
Introduction Executive Summary
2.1 . Key Highlights
Market Overview
3.1 . Introduction
3.1.1 . Market Definition
3.1.2 . Market Segmentation
3.2 . Market Dynamics
3.2.1 . Drivers
3.2.2 . Restraints
3.2.3 . Opportunities
3.2.3.1 . Emerging Markets to Offer Lucrative Growth Opportunities
Market Analysis by Regions Cardiac Assist Devices Market , By Product Type
5.1 . Introduction
5.2 . Global Cardiac Assist Devices Sales , Revenue and Market Share by Product Type ( 2014-2018 )
5.2.1 . Global Cardiac Assist Devices Sales and Sales Share by Product Type ( 2014-2018 )
5.2.2 . Global Cardiac Assist Devices Revenue and Revenue Share by Product Type ( 2014-2018 )
5.3 . Ventricular Assist Device ( VAD )
5.3.1 . Global Ventricular Assist Device ( VAD ) Sales and Growth Rate ( 2014-2018 )
5.4 . Intra-aortic Balloon Pump
5.4.1 . Global Intra-aortic Balloon Pump Sales and Growth Rate ( 2014-2018 )
Cardiac Assist Devices Market , By Modality Cardiac Assist Devices Market , By End User Cardiac Assist Devices Market , By Region Company Profiles
9.1 . Thoratec Corporation
9.2 . MAQUET GmbH & Co .
9.3 . Teleflex Incorporated
9.4 . Heart Ware International
9.5 . Berlin Heart GmbH
What Our Report Offer :
1 ) An extensive research study on the Global Cardiac Assist Devices Market , and its entire ecosystem , describes the market trends , drivers , restraints and opportunities of the Cardiac Assist Devices Market .
2 ) We provide you the longest possible market segmentation based on type of products , procedures and geography and describe the market share region wise .
3 ) The report gives a bird eyes view on the competitive landscape which includes mergers and acquisitions , collaborations , market strategies , and new product launches .
Check discount offer for Report click on the link @ https : //www.crystalmarketresearch.com/check-discount/HC061052
Between 2018 and 2023 , white cement demand is projected to rise by an average of two percent per year , according to CW Research 's 2018 update of the Global White Cement Market and Trade Report .
The lower demand growth rate anticipated for the period as compared to CW Research 's 2017 report is justified by the lower consumption anticipated in China . The slowdown in construction , already visible in the country , will have an impact not only on gray cement , but also on white cement , used mostly for aesthetical purposes .
“ When it comes to such a premium product as white cement , its popularity is higher in advanced economies . However , expanding GDP and growing consumer spending in developing markets in Asia ex-China will offset slower white cement demand in China during the next five years ” , observes Tea Vukicevic , CW Group 's Associate Analyst .
From a regional perspective , Asia ex-China , Eastern Europe & CIS and North America are expected to lead growth in white cement consumption . In Asia ex-China , white cement consumption is expected to reach 3.1 million tons between 2018 and 2023 . North America and Western Europe are regions that already have mature economies , whose usage of white cement is widespread . Therefore , these markets are projected to show an increasing appetite for the premium commodity , albeit with smaller growth margins .
MASONRY APPLICATIONS LEAD WHITE CEMENT CONSUMPTION
The increasing trend in global white cement consumption is likely to follow that of world economic growth , which is forecasted at an annual average of 3.8 percent . Given that white cement is considered a value-added product , it is more popular in countries with advanced economies .
Therefore , GDP growth and increasing consumer spending are a combined driver for white cement consumption growth . It is , thus , unsurprising that , compared to gray cement , white cement consumption is much inferior , making for less than one percent of global cement demand .
Although the use of white cement varies from applications with aesthetic requirements to structural ones , masonry applications account for the largest share of white cement consumption from a global perspective .
UNITED STATES FRONTS WHITE CEMENT IMPORTS
Given the scarcity of raw materials and the concentrated production units , trade is an important component in the white cement market structure . Currently , over thirty percent of total white cement demand is traded .
In 2018 , at the global level , Western Europe is the largest exporter of white cement , followed by Eastern Europe & CIS . Middle East emerges as the largest importing region of white cement , while North America holds the largest global importing market in 2018 , the United States . So far in 2018 , the United States imported about 1.2 million tons of white cement , mainly from Canada and Mexico .
“ New capacities for white cement are shaping up in the US , and they are bound to ease the dependency on imports , though not eliminate it . It will matter greatly in the context of the simmering trade wars ” , notes Robert Madeira , CW Group 's Managing Director and Head of Research .
There are 134 white cement plants operating at the global level , with a combined annual capacity of over thirty million tons . The largest white cement producer in the world is Cementir Holding , followed by Turkish Cimsa , and Cemex . HeidelbergCement , JK Cement , and Ultratech are also among the main global white cement producers .
* * * *
For more information , placing an order , or interview inquiries , please contact Mihnea Manea , Media and Market Services Executive , CW Group , by phone at +40 723 281 704 , or e-mail at mm @ cwgrp.com .
ABOUT THE REPORT
CW Research 's Global White Cement Market and Trade Report ( 2018 update ) examines the worldwide white cement industry and presents the latest market data which cover the 2008 -2018 E period , with a medium-term forecast until 2023 . The comprehensive report includes cement consumption and production figures , import and export data , as well as pricing trends and white cement capacity developments . Additionally , this data-rich research product provides extensive quantitative information on consumption , usage segments , production , local prices , trade prices , type of handling , trading facilities and trade-flows , by region and major countries . Furthermore , the report analyzes region specific user segments by white cement type and their main consumption drivers as well as perspective for 2023 .
More information about the report can be found here : https : //www.cwgrp.com/research/research-products/product/274-global-white-cement-market-and-trade-report-2018-update
ABOUT CW GROUP
The Greenwich ( Conn. ) , USA-headquartered CW Group is a leading advisory , research and business intelligence boutique with a global presence and a multi-industry orientation . CW Group is particularly recognized for its sector expertise in heavy-side building materials ( cement ) , light-side building materials , traditional and renewable power & energy , petrochemicals , metals & mining , industrial minerals , industrial manufacturing , bulk cargo & shipping , among others . We have a strong functional capability , grounded in our methodical and quantitative philosophy , including due diligence , sourcing intelligence , feasibility studies and commodity forecasting . www.cwgrp.com
By The Associated Press
BC-BKC–T25-IUPUI-Purdue Box
No . 21 PURDUE 86 , IUPUI 61 IUPUI ( 2-6 )
Hall 0-1 0-2 0 , Brennan 2-8 2-2 6 , McCall 2-6 0-0 4 , Rogers 2-6 0-0 6 , Patterson 1-5 0-0 3 , Kirby 8-12 0-0 16 , Borgman 0-0 0-0 0 , Goss 1-3 0-0 2 , Thomas 0-0 0-0 0 , Minnett 3-8 4-4 12 , Hudson 1-1 0-1 2 , Henderson 3-4 2-2 10 . Totals 23-54 8-11 61 .
PURDUE ( 10-2 )
V.Edwards 3-7 6-6 12 , Haas 6-7 2-2 14 , Thompson 1-4 0-0 3 , C.Edwards 11-17 3-3 27 , Mathias 1-6 0-0 3 , Eifert 0-0 0-0 0 , Taylor 0-0 2-2 2 , Ewing 1-2 0-0 2 , Haarms 1-2 2-2 4 , Eastern 4-7 0-0 9 , Luce 0-0 1-2 1 , Cline 3-5 0-0 9 . Totals 31-57 16-17 86 .
Halftime_Purdue 40-31 . 3-Point Goals_IUPUI 7-21 ( Henderson 2-2 , Rogers 2-4 , Minnett 2-5 , Patterson 1-4 , Goss 0-2 , Brennan 0-4 ) , Purdue 8-26 ( Cline 3-5 , C.Edwards 2-6 , Eastern 1-1 , Thompson 1-4 , Mathias 1-6 , Ewing 0-1 , Haarms 0-1 , V.Edwards 0-2 ) . Fouled Out_None . Rebounds_IUPUI 22 ( Goss 6 ) , Purdue 29 ( V.Edwards 12 ) . Assists_IUPUI 10 ( Minnett 2 ) , Purdue 20 ( Thompson 6 ) . Total Fouls_IUPUI 18 , Purdue 11 . Technicals_Hall . A_13,641 ( 14,846 ) .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
DETROIT — The mother of a G League basketball player who died in March after collapsing on the court during a game has filed a lawsuit accusing the NBA and the Detroit Pistons of negligence .
Zeke Upshaw played for the Grand Rapids Drive , a G League affiliate of the Pistons . They collapsed during a game at Grand Rapids on March 24 and died two days later .
The lawsuit was filed Wednesday in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York . The NBA and Pistons are named as defendants , along with SSJ Group and The DeltaPlex Arena .
The lawsuit alleges that medical personnel at the game failed to attempt lifesaving measures in a timely fashion .
The Australian sharemarket bounced along with global markets after a successful bond action by Italy last night soothed market jitters .
Markets were also supported by news that Italian President Sergio Mattarella would allow populist parties Five Star and the Northern League to have another attempt to form a government .
The S & P-ASX 200 indexes gained 27.2 points , or 0.45 per cent , to 6011.9 , but it was a rally in materials stocks , not a rebound in financials that led to the firmer finish .
Yesterday the banks were hammered , but today they were mixed as global credit markets failed to match the 1.3 per cent rebound in US stocks last night , while in Europe stocks were up around 0.4 per cent on average .
“ Rates markets are not at a crossroad ; and we should all be wary that as quickly as problems ( like Italy ) can flare up , hard heads may well prevail and take risk sentiment back the other way , ” ANZ strategists said .
The Australian dollar rose US0.4¢ to US75.60¢ along with a rebound in the euro .
But government 10-year bond yields were only marginally firmer at 2.651 per cent , while US 10-years were steady at 2.87 per cent .
Domestic credit market data showed new loan growth eased back to 0.4 per cent from 0.5 per cent last month , with business borrowing increasing and mortgage demand slipping .
The Shanghai composite index bounced 1.5 per cent at the close of the ASX after the official manufacturing PMI index firmed slightly to 51.9 points , signalling “ resilience ” in the world 's second biggest economy .
There was divergence in the tow benchmark spot iron ore prices , with one up one per cent at $ US64 a tonne and the other 3 per cent to $ US65.80 a tonne yesterday .
admin Site Admin
Join Date : Mar 2007 Location : New Orleans Posts : 10,105 Blog Entries : 2
New Orleans solidarity march with Charlottesville set for Aug. 19
Following a weekend of white supremacist violence in Charlottesville , Virginia , Take 'Em Down NOLA and Peoples Assembly will lead a solidarity march and protest from Congo Square to Jackson Square Aug. 19 .
Take 'Em Down ? which advocates for the removal of all symbols of white supremacy and
The march begins at 1 p.m. at Congo Square and ends at Jackson Square .
? Following a weekend of white supremacist violence in Charlottesville , Virginia , Take 'Em Down NOLA and Peoples Assembly will lead a solidarity march and protest from Congo Square to Jackson Square Aug. 19.Take 'Em Down ? which advocates for the removal of all symbols of white supremacy and drove local efforts and activism around removing Confederate monuments in New Orleans ? `` stands * firmly with the anti-racist forces that confronted the forces of Nazism and white supremacy '' in Charlottesville , according to a statement The march begins at 1 p.m. at Congo Square and ends at Jackson Square .
Roberto Deiaco , the former executive chef at Armani/Ristorante 5th Avenue , has opened a new restaurant in Manhattan 's midtown . Dubbed Avena , the restaurant was inspired by their Italian upbringing and their years of experience cooking for Giorgio 's Armani Restaurant . # wwdeye ( 📷 : @ lightboxer )
COACH 'S VR : On the heels of Coach 's fall show Feb. 14 , the company will launch a virtual reality experience in partnership with IMG , Simon Malls and Facebook , beginning Feb. 17 .
Coach 's virtual reality experience will be an all-access pass , offering perspectives from backstage to the front row and a preview of new Coach products for the season . The experience will take place at select Coach locations within Simon Malls ( including Roosevelt Field in Garden City , N.Y. ) , Facebook 360 , YouTube and VR networks including Within Jaunt VR , Samsung VR and Oculus .
“ This experience aligns perfectly with Simon Malls ' commitment to exploring new , innovative and creative ways to engage shoppers and drive traffic to our centers , ” said Chidi Achara , the developer 's global creative director .
Additionally , 20 select Coach locations at Simon Malls will feature exclusive items as part of this partnership , beginning Friday . While supplies last , the Coach store within Simon Malls ' Roosevelt Field location will give out 75 editors ' envelopes including a ticket to an upcoming New York Fashion Week show , and 19 additional locations will offer a Rexy bag charm with any $ 300 purchase . Both items will be featured in the VR experience , driving consumers to retail .
Under Armour 's Kevin Plank is the latest chief executive to resign from the White House 's American Manufacturing Council in the aftermath of the violence in Charlottesville , Va. , on Saturday .
Monday night , Plank , founder and chief executive officer of the Baltimore-based sporting goods brand , released a statement saying : `` I joined the American Manufacturing Council because I believed it was important for Under Armour to have an active seat at the table and represent our industry . We remain resolute in our potential and ability to improve American manufacturing . However , Under Armour engages in innovation and sports , not politics .
Unbounce Convertables , Now with Advanced Targeting : Show the Right Offer to the Right Visitor at the Right Time
By Amy Wood
Imagine you run one of those old-timey candy shops .
It 's packed wall to wall with chocolate , gummies , bubble gum , licorice and everything in between .
Unfortunately , you spent all your money opening the shop , and have n't the funds to hire someone to help the customers while you tend the register . So when the shop gets busy , you notice many of your patrons become overwhelmed by the selection , often walking out of the shop empty handed .
Now imagine the candy shop is your website , and the patrons your visitors .
Each visitor to your website is unique — one may know exactly what they want while another requires a little more assistance . Your website , however , is simply not equipped to convert all your visitors , and you do n't have the time or resources to make changes to your website , hire a consultant to run a bunch of A/B tests or run a new campaign to attract more prospects .
What do you do ?
Overlays can help
In November 2016 , we launched Unbounce Convertables , a new conversion tool to help you capture more conversions on any page of your website , blog or online store .
The first type of Convertables is website overlays triggered by visitor behavior : entrance , exit , timed and on-scroll .
Overlays are modal lightboxes that launch within a webpage and focus attention on a single offer . Still fuzzy on what an overlay is ? Click here .
If we 're using the candy shop analogy , overlays are the shop helpers that present your visitors with exactly what they 're looking for ( or what they did n't know they were looking for ! ) . And the best part is they 're a fast , reliable and affordable way to add conversion opportunities to any web page , meaning you can launch them effortlessly while looking like a conversion hero .
Overlays work because , when implemented properly , they leverage psychological principles to focus the visitor 's attention on a single offer .
However , just like the rest of your marketing campaigns — be it PPC or email — the better targeted the overlay , the better results you 'll get .
Which is why we 're pleased to announce our new advanced targeting and trigger options .
Here 's what 's new :
Location targeting
Referrer targeting
Dynamic Text Replacement
Cookie targeting
On-click trigger
These new features , combined with Unbounce 's core offerings — our trusted drag and drop builder , high-converting templates and marketing automation integrations — mean that you can build on-brand overlays quickly and…
Present the right offer to the right visitor at the right time
Has this ever happened to you ? You 're killing time surfing the interweb when boomed ! — you 're presented with the most perfect-for-you offer that you wonder if your fairy godmother really does exist .
There are two possible explanations for this phenomenon : they do ( lucky duck ) or the offer was so perfectly targeted that it only feels like magic .
The latter is at the crux of Unbounce Convertables ' new advanced targeting : target the right person at the right time with the right offer .
Not only does this approach ensure your prospects see only the most relevant , timely and valuable offers , it ensures that you generate the best quality leads , signups and sales .
Let 's dig in .
Location targeting
Thanks to the internet , we can find what we 're looking for regardless of where we live .
For marketers , this is both a blessing and a curse — a blessing because you can cast a much wider net , and a curse because of differences in language , currency , laws , competitive landscape and preferences .
By pairing your overlay with location targeting , you can guarantee only visitors arriving from a specific country will see it . Here 's how it might look in the real world :
Offer region-specific ecommerce promos , like free shipping for UK visitors only
Abide by local data collection and age requirement laws , like the US 's CAN-SPAM or Canada 's CASL legislation
Promote local events to only local visitors
Present the same offer in different languages of origin
Highlight the most popular product in a country only to visitors from that country
And much more
Referrer targeting
Message Match is a principle we consistently preach at Unbounce . It 's about making sure your visitors see the same message from point A to point B of your funnel , which is important because strong message match increases conversions by reassuring visitors they 've come to the right place .
With referrer targeting , you can show a Convertable to visitors who have arrived from a specified URL , creating that message match and forward momentum through your funnel . Here are just a few of the many ways referrer targeting can be used :
Offer organic visitors popular content , like a 101-level ebook , via a lead gen overlay
Present visitors navigating from an internal product page an offer to purchase
Show visitors who 've viewed a technology partner page content relevant to them , like , for example , how your tool integrates with the partner tool
And , you guessed it , much more
Dynamic Text Replacement
Like referrer targeting , Dynamic Text Replacement ( DTR ) allows marketers to maintain a consistent message from referral source to overlay .
However , unlike referrer targeting where the visitor 's source triggers the presentation of a unique overlay , DTR lets you customize the actual text of your Convertable using URL parameters .
This means that the visitor sees custom copy , which increases the relevancy of your overlay for each individual user . Here 's what that could look like :
Create personalized incentives ( e.g. , “ Hey Judy , how ‘ bout free shipping ? ” )
Make relevant offers based on previous account activity ( e.g. , “ You really really really like Carly Rae Jepsen — sign up for our newsletter for more on your favorite artists ” )
Cookie targeting
Forget Cookie Monster , marketers love cookies . But we 're not talking about the ooey gooey chocolate chip kind ( though I certainly would n't scoff at one ) , we 're talking about cookie targeting .
Cookie targeting allows Unbounce users to specify which visitors see ( or do n't see ) a Convertable based on their browsing history . Here are a few examples of what cookie targeting allows you to do :
Hide Convertables from visitors who have already opted in
Show only one Convertable per visitor and hide all others ( this is key if you 're running multiple Convertables , since you want to avoid bombarding your visitors )
Ask returning visitors who have already converted to complete a post-conversion action , like following you on Twitter
But wait , there 's more
You did n't think that was it , did you ?
On top of our advanced targeting and DTR , we 're also releasing a new type of trigger .
On-click trigger
Whereas targeting allows you to specify which visitors see your overlay , triggers determine when they 'll see it . Convertables launched with four triggers ( on arrival , on exit , on scroll and after delay ) and today we 're rolling out a fifth trigger : on click .
Overlays triggered on click mean you can select any element on your web page to trigger an overlay when the user clicks on it . Use it to build your newsletter subscriber list on your blog or to gather interested contacts for product updates .
Still not sure what we mean ? Click here .
The secret to highly effective overlays…
The secret to highly effective overlays is really no secret at all — it 's all about presenting the right offer to the right visitor at the right time .
Using Unbounce Convertables , you can mix and match different targeting and triggers to present the most relevant , timely offers for your visitors .
And you can do it all within Unbounce 's trusted drag and drop builder , loaded with fully customizable overlay templates so you can stay on brand and still launch in mere minutes .
Convertables are available now from Unbounce . Try them for free for 30 days !
Already an Unbounce customer ? Log into Unbounce and start using Convertables today at no extra cost .
Source : : http : //feedproxy.google.com/~r/Unbounce/~3/Rk9kVO3KGtc/
You may think that had been being in keeping with yourself to be able to got into drugs but apparently , around 25 years really very best `` you '' , purchasing ponder if you will . Try some self-reflection to discover who definitely can turn out to be . A good way to try to do this will be by thinking of alternatives to the bad choices you once made .
Those who actually implement and adhere to the Drug Rehab program after care plan will almost all stay alcohol free . The problem is that most of the people do not follow through with the program after they get straight from the Drug Rehab program .
We did n't find out till later inside of the season that the man who gave Rayna their start ; `` Watty White '' played coming from the amazingly talented J.D . Souther , was that man .
The specialist advised my hubby to lose weight , to slow down the disease . They went from drinking substantially alcohol , to overeating their favorite foods , which are hamburgers , cheeseburgers , and goodies . They seemed to replace their Alcohol Addiction with unhealthy food actions . We now know that theirs involving food adds to the destruction with the liver also .
When Jolene came regarding treatment , Juliette hired them a `` sober companion '' named Dante who worked Jolene sufficiently enough to gain much needed trust .
Under the 'who do they seem hanging out with ' category is also this question - Can they be around that belittle them or blunt their a sense of purpose , self-esteem and take pleasure in ? Or someone whose expectations they 're constantly necessary . live up to ? Parents or a spouse is actually 'disappointed ' in them , their lives actually their career choice ? Without the need of come in various forms . Individual could also be overwhelmed by societal conditions they feel they ca n't do anything about . An appropriate Drug Addiction treatment facility will also look into this .
The birthstone for May is Ruby . It is incredibly well-known as a direct result of its deep green hue and is certainly to represent faith , memory and psychic powers . Idleness cure problems with the spine , eyes and fertility .
You suffer odd `` niggly feelings . '' This is certainly weird `` bad '' feelings with your stomach a person can try to disregard . It can also manifest as random spells of anxiety or panic , restless sleep and weird dreams , strolling growing sense of paranoia for no apparent reason . Why is this an addictive relationship sign your name ? Because it 's actually your body and subconscious looking for desperately communicate to your addicted brain that you want in an unhealthy direction .
This upcoming Christmas , people are invited to volunteer and share time and goods with people who need a little more than presents .
According to Food Forward , America wastes about 38 million tons of food a year . The annual food waste in America is as heavy as 104 Empire State buildings .
The United States Department of Agriculture stated in 2010 processing those wastes took more than $ 150 million .
For this reason , the Idaho Falls Rescue Mission invites all to volunteer time and donate goods to their cause .
“ We exist to reach the poor with love and power of the gospel so they may become contributing members of society , ” said Amanda Chaplin , event and development coordinator at Idaho Falls Rescue Mission .
They said the Idaho Falls Rescue Mission provides food , shelter , showers , clothing and any essential medical care to anyone in crisis . Their three main goals are rescue , recovery and restoration .
Chaplin said the rescue mission serves a meal to guests and anyone in the community who needs a warm meal 365 days out of the year . The meals are prepared by a large team of volunteers and include a bread pantry and food boxes .
“ Participating for a food donation is one of the services that needs help right now , ” said Hyun Cho , a sophomore studying art .
In 2015 , there were 13 million children among 41 million Americans who could not afford food to eat , along with 5.4 million seniors , reported Feeding America .
“ Service like this is important in the community , ” said Jane Prefumo , a junior studying web design and development . “ It is an important service to donate food so we can help those in need that can not afford it . ”
Chaplin said people in the community need other people to volunteer , donate and help in many other ways .
“ I can say service is like a small candle , lighting the world with its tiny but powerful influence , ” Cho said .
Cho said service is a powerful tool that lets people have an opportunity to express gratitude , inspire others and allow happiness to thrive .
“ Have you ever felt the warm feeling inside of you after giving service ? ” Cho asked . “ That is the moment that you not only light your own candle in your heart but also help others light theirs too . ”
For more information on how to help this Christmas , visit https : //ifrescuemission.org/ or https : //idahofoodbank.org/ to find opportunities to donate and volunteer locally .
Intermediate Football Championship
Clan na Gael 2-14 Hunterstown Rovers 1-12
Clan na Gael and Hunterstown Rovers were so evenly matched at the Grove on Sunday afternoon that a draw looked the likeliest outcome in their Intermediate quarter-final meeting .
The game was always going to come down the fine margins and cruelly a misplaced hand pass in the dying minutes of the game from Paul Carrie left the door open for Clans ' forward Mark Newell to find the unmarked Ray McCabe in oceans of space in front of goals . And the in form full-forward duly obliged in sending the ball to the net , putting the Ecco Road men in the semi-finals in the process
Both team set-up pragmatically to say the least , but Glen Matthews sparked the game into action midway through the first-half with a sweetly struck goal .
Before the break , Billy Smith scorched through the Rovers defence with a searing one-two with JJ Quigley and once inside the cover they buried it to the net .
Chances were harder to come by in an even second-half with Robbie Curran 's dead-ball accuracy a highlight .
While Carrie kept Hunterstown in touch throughout with steely free taking of their own as the nip and tuck narrative continued .
Every time one of the teams had notions of getting too far ahead , the other would claw them back ; that was until McCabe added a goal to their sensational four-point tally in the closing minutes .
Clan Na Gael : Seán Smyth ; Ian Carr , Donal Boyle ; Craig Long ; Leo Martin , Stephen Fitzpatrick , Mícheál McDonnell ; Robbie Curran ( 0-5 , two frees and two '45s ) , Conor Noonan ; JJ Quigley ( 0-2 ) , Billy Smith ( 1-1 ) , Stephen Coleman ; Conall McKeever , Ray McCabe ( 1-4 ) , Mark Newell
Subs : Kevin Carroll for Long ( HT ) , Paul Gore for Noonan ( HT ) , Noonan for Coleman ( 51 ) , Drew Duffy for Newell ( 58 )
Hunterstown Rovers : Niall Carrie ; Richard Cunningham , Brian Matthews ( 0-1 ) , Martin Lennon ; Patrick Taaffe , Paul Carrie ( 0-5 , all frees ) , Richard Taaffe ( 0-1 ) ; Tony McKenna ( 0-2 ) , David Finn ; Paddy Mooney , Brendan Lennon ( 0-1 ) , Ryan Ward ; Alan Landy ( 0-1 ) , Pádraig Mathews , Glen Matthews ( 1-1 )
Subs : Keith Brennan for Ward ( 45 ) , Conor Matthews for Carrie ( 60 )
Referee : Des McDonnell ( St. Nicholas )
Share . And the cutest Rabbid Mario you 'll ever see . And the cutest Rabbid Mario you 'll ever see .
Update : Our NYCC cosplay gallery has been updated below with brand-new looks from the showfloor , including Game of Thrones , Rick and Morty , Final Fantasy 's Sephiroth , and much more . Scroll through below !
New York Comic Con 2017 is in full swing , and the show floor has no shortage of awesome cosplayers roaming the convention center 's halls .
We 've begun collecting our favorite cosplay photos from the event so far , so be sure to check them all out from the gallery below . And be sure to check back in all throughout NYCC to see even more photos as the show runs from Oct 5-8 .
NYCC 2017 Cosplay 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 48 Frozen Black Swan — Name not provided . 01 48 Frozen Black Swan — Name not provided . NYCC 2017 Cosplay Download Image Captions ESC
For more from the NYCC showfloor , check out this heart-breaking Hodor statue , the chillest Spider-Man statue at NYCC , and learn more about The Walking Dead creator 's new comic .
And be sure to stay tuned to IGN for all the coolest cosplay , news , toys , and more straight from the show via our NYCC 2017 hub .
Jonathon Dornbush is an Associate Editor for IGN . Find them @ jmdornbush on Twitter .
Oregon State pitcher Luke Heimlich , who as a teenager pleaded guilty to molesting a 6-year-old girl , was not taken in Major League Baseball 's draft .
Heimlich was the top pitcher during the regular season for the No . 1-ranked Beavers , who have lost just four games and are headed to the College World Series starting this weekend in Omaha .
On Wednesday before practice , coach Pat Casey would not say whether Heimlich would pitch during the World Series .
“ All I can say about Luke Heimlich is that I 'm praying for him , their family , anybody that was involved in that matter , especially the little girl , ” they told reporters . “ It 's just sad that they 're going through the suffering again as a family . ”
Advertisement
Heimlich has compiled an 11-1 record with a 0.76 ERA . The left-hander from Puyallup , Washington , had been projected to be an early round pick in the draft , which ended Wednesday without them being selected .
Details about their criminal history were revealed last week in a story published by The Oregonian/OregonLive . In an editorial accompanying the article , the newspaper said it learned about Heimlich 's 2012 conviction in Washington state after running a background check that it routinely does for in-depth profiles .
Prosecutors initially charged Heimlich with two counts of molestation for abuse that began when the girl was 4 , The Oregonian said . They ultimately pleaded guilty to one count of molestation between February 2011 and December 2011 , a period during which they were 15 . Prosecutors dismissed the other charge as part of a plea bargain .
They entered a diversion program , received two years of probation and was ordered to attend sex offender treatment for two years , according to court records . They were sentenced to 40 weeks of detention at Washington 's Juvenile Rehabilitation authority . But that sentence was suspended and they served no time , according to court records , because they successfully completed probation .
Heimlich was classified in Washington state as the lowest-level sex offender with little risk of repeating the behavior . They finished their probation and court-ordered classes in fall 2014 , around the time they moved to Corvallis to attend Oregon State .
“ As a 16-year-old I was placed on juvenile court probation and ordered to participate in an individual counseling program . I 'm grateful for the counseling I received and since then I realized the only way forward was to work each day on becoming the best person , community member and student I can possibly be , ” Heimlich said in a statement released by their Corvallis attorney last week .
The Beavers are the top seed in the NCAA Tournament . Heimlich pitched in the opening round for the Beavers , before the story broke . They asked that they be removed from the rotation in the super regional round .
Oregon State has not commented in detail on the matter , citing privacy rules .
PETOSKEY , Mich. ( AP ) - A northern Michigan woman has been sentenced up to 22½ years in prison for suffocating their infant daughter , their second criminal case in the death of a child .
The Petoskey News-Review reports 32-year-old Lisa Rae Bryan learned their punishment on Tuesday in Emmet County Circuit Court .
Bryan last month pleaded guilty to involuntary manslaughter . They were charged with second-degree murder in the 2016 death of their daughter , Isabella .
Bryan admitted that they were sleeping with Isabella close to their chest when the child died just weeks after birth .
In 2010 , another infant died in Tulsa , Oklahoma , while Bryan was taking a bath with them They served slightly more than a year in prison for second-degree manslaughter .
___
Information from : Petoskey News-Review , http : //www.petoskeynews.com
Need a break ? Play a quick game of solitaire or Sudoku . Or take one of our fun quizzes !
‘ Twas just weeks before Christmas , when all through the islands not a person was buying , not even a local , the stocks were all hung in the store with care , in hopes that customers soon would be there .
Dennis Pascal , owner of Cellular World said , “ What we are noticing in the past few years is that people are getting closer and closer past the mid month and buying afterwards so it gets almost like last-minute shopping. ” Mr. Pascal said it 's two weeks out from Christmas and he 's not seeing the shopping volume they would have seen in the past .
They said , ” In the past for example it used to be all the way in the end of November beginning of December people start buying and preparing and you know getting together buying phones and by mid month we are almost out of phone in December but they say even though shopping habits have changed the items on wish lists have n't . They added , “ Samsung units have a big demand , there is a request for apple every so often . ”
Mr Pascal said he 's noticed that shoppers ' do n't like to take risks on new brands when shopping this time of year . They said , “ Whenever there is a new brand , it 's always hard to get to those brands because they want to understand more about it whilst with the Samsung , they know the name , they know the same so they just buy it . ”
But technology is n't the only thing on many persons wish list this year , co-owner of Atlantic Kids Annette Scott said traditional toys are still a hot seller . They said , “ Trending is unicorn ; unicorns from backpacks , to bags , to manicure sets body scrubs for your tweens and even craft kits that they can make and keep for them selves . ”
But even with the trend where it is , both business owners advise shoppers to get their gifts before they are out of sight . Mr. Pascal said they think shoppers are bargain hunting at the moment , but when it comes down to crunch time the gifts will go flying off the shelves .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Print
Posted 21 hours ago
The Jubilee Party is assuring all aspirants that it has put in place mechanisms to make sure nominations are free and fair . The Party 's Secretary General
Militants from the groups Jaysh al-Islam and Forces of Martyr Ahmad al-Abdo handed over heavy weaponry to the Syrian army in Eastern Qalamoun in Syria 's province of Damascus .
A military source from the Syrian army has told Sputnik that , `` among other things , there were Chinese missiles , shells from Canada , satellite communications systems from France , as well as launchers of the Strela anti-aircraft missile system and missiles Islam-3 and Islam-5 of local production . ”
The source went on to say that the arsenal of weapons received includes 30 tanks T-62 , T-55 , T-72 , mortars of 60 , 82 and 120 mm caliber , as well as 122 and 130 millimeter guns , surface-to-surface missiles and anti-aircraft missiles of the type Cobra .
© Sputnik / Yazan Kalash ‬ ‫‬ Qalamun : the rich arsenal of terrorists in hands of the syrian army
© Sputnik / Yazan Kalash ‫ Qalamun : the rich arsenal of terrorists in hands of the syrian army
The arms exchange took place as the militants and members of their families have started to leave the area of Eastern Qalamoun . `` The militants handed over missiles that were stolen in 2014 from warehouse number 559 , and a Scud missile with the launcher , which the fighters made locally , ” the source said .
© Sputnik / Yazan Kalash Qalamun : the rich arsenal of terrorists in hands of the syrian army
Earlier , local media reported that Syrian government forces had found large amounts of militant weapons in the city of Dumayr .
Syrian state TV reported that in the southern part of the city , the Syrian army has found stockpiles of ammunition , with several US-produced TOW anti-tank missiles among the equipment .
Internet providers iiNet Limited and Internode will compensate customers after admitting they gave false or misleading information to consumers about connection speeds on national broadband network plans .
More than 8,000 iiNet customers and more than 3,000 Internode customers will receive payments after an Australian Competition and Consumer Commission investigation found customers could not reach the maximum speed of their plan , or even of a lower-speed plan .
ACCC commissioner Sarah Court says many customers could not reach the maximum speeds advertised by iiNet and Internode because their NBN connection was not capable of delivering it .
`` Some customers could n't even receive the maximum limit of lower speed plans , '' Ms Court said .
The providers will contact affected customers and inform them of the maximum speed their connection can receive and will offer compensation options including moving to a lower tier speed plan with a refund or exiting their plan without cost and receiving a refund .
`` iiNet and Internode customers should carefully review any email or letter from their provider and choose a remedy as quickly as possible , '' Ms Court said on Tuesday .
`` Fixing misleading claims about internet speeds during the transition to the NBN is an enforcement priority for the ACCC and we strongly urge other providers to act quickly to ensure their advertising is accurate . ''
The watchdog has investigated a number of internet service providers in relation to NBN packages , including Telstra and Optus , which both had to pay compensation last year to customers who had not received advertised speeds .
TPG Internet also admitted last year that it likely contravened the Australian consumer law by promoting and offering a range of speed plans for a NBN service it could not deliver .
The ACCC then alleged TPG charged customers higher prices with the promise of faster speeds , misleading many into paying a premium for a service they could not get .
iiNet and internode are both wholly owned subsidiaries of TPG Telecom .
By The Associated Press
PARIS ( AP ) — Authorities evacuated a ferry carrying 313 people that ran aground Sunday at the French port city of Calais , interrupting boat traffic across the English Channel .
A towing operation , aided by a rising tide , managed to unstick the ferry from a pebble bank it struck just after noon during bad weather conditions that included strong winds .
Six hours later , passengers from the Dover-bound Pride of Kent started disembarking the vessel when it was pulled to a nearby dock , authorities said .
The Pas-de-Calais prefecture , or administration , said no injuries were reported .
P & O Ferries confirmed that one of its ferries ran aground and said it hoped “ to transfer our passengers to an alternative ship as soon as possible . ”
The prefecture said the evacuation was completed Sunday evening and traffic had resumed between France and Britain . Some 60 people were being housed in hotels in the area while the others were being transported across the Channel , it said .
Storms also knocked out electricity to 15,000 households in the Pas-de-Calais region and an adjacent region .
The national weather warning agency Meteo France had 32 French departments under hazard alerts due to intense weather over the weekend .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
KARACHI : A Chinese company has signed a contract with local government to clean Karachi 's two districts , Malir and West .
The firm , with the aid of more than 200 machines , would pick and manage solid waste in two more districts of the city .
The contract finalisation ceremony was held in the office of Sindh Local Bodies Minister Jam Khan Shoro .
The contract was signed by Sindh Solid Waste Management Board Director AD Sanjani , Malir district Chairman Jan M Baloch and West district Administrator Ghulam Fareed .
According to the contract , the firm would pick up garbage from the districts on a daily basis .
Equipment , electrical sweeping machine , dumpsters and heavy machinery reached Karachi through a Chinese Port last year , following an agreement signed between a Chinese company and Sindh Solid Waste Management .
In its first phase , the agreement included three districts , Korangi , East and South .
Costing a total $ 9.65 million per year for district East since it produces around 322,357 tonnes of garbage daily , the contract for district South was estimated to cost $ 14.254 million , which generates 491,590 tonnes of solid waste .
The seven-year contract included collecting garbage from houses to dumping it at landfill sites , as well as sweeping streets .
DES MOINES , Iowa ( AP ) - An Iowa-based utility is proposing a massive wind turbine project that would be the nation 's first investor-owned electric utility to generate all of its customer demand from wind energy .
Des Moines-based MidAmerican Energy said Wednesday that it 's submitting its proposal for a $ 922 million wind project to the Iowa Utilities Board . The utility says the project would generate 591 megawatts of power , or enough electricity to power 2.4 million homes .
If approved , the proposal would mark MidAmerican 's 12th wind project .
MidAmerican is a subsidiary of Warren Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway . It already has 2,189 wind turbines on 27 wind farms in Iowa , producing 4,400 megawatts of power .
If the latest project is approved and completed , the utility 's total investment in wind will total more than $ 12 billion . The project is slated for completion in late 2020 .
Fennville is looking for a new police chief after Mel Brummel stepped down from that post , Commercial Record correspondent Jim Hayden reports on their Bicycle Base Fennville blog .
Brummel is taking “ an opportunity they ca n't turn down , ” Hayden says city commissioner Danielle Brien said at that body 's Aug. 7 meeting . Hayden also serves on the commission .
Brummel 's last day is Oct. 1 though they will assist at the Goose Festival Oct. 13-15 .
“ It 's unfortunate for us , ” Brien told commissioners .
Brummel was not at the meeting . A letter of resignation has not yet been received , noted Hayden .
The city will post an ad for chief candidates . Brien will also talk to the Allegan County Sheriff 's Office about the cost of contracting for police services , something commissioners said they do not want to do unless there is no other option .
“ I like having our own police department in Fennville , ” Brien said .
Brummel took over as chief on Dec. 20 , 2016 , after the retirement of Dan Hoffman who was police chief since the department was formed in 2013 . Besides the chief , the department has two part-time officers — Anthony Brown and Gary Rekucki .
The city 's police budget for 2017-2018 is $ 81,218 . Wages are $ 58,620 of that budget , reported Hayden .
Brummel retired in January 2016 after 32 years with the Allegan City Police Department .
Jordan Armenise
From Hamilton , Ontario , Canada , Jordan Armenise lives and breathes sports . It was a role with the CFL 's Hamilton Tiger-Cats that provided them with a platform to merge their best attributes : sports knowledge and personality . While with the Ticats , Jordan was able to provide live performance experience in their role as the In-Game Host as well develop a digital portfolio of one-on-one sports interviews , digital sports episodic comedy and full length sports & news features as a Sports Reporter . They have also worked with CBC Sports for Hockey Night in Canada , the 2014 Sochi Olympics and Special Olympics as well as roles with Cineflix and Cream Productions as an Assistant Director in the Crime genres .
The French Prime Minister has made a stirring tribute to the Australian men who gave their lives in defence of their country , saying they had made the ultimate sacrifice for a land that was not their own .
Edouard Philippe , addressing the formal opening of the Sir John Monash Centre in northern France on the 100th anniversary of the Battle of Villers-Bretonneux , said the people of their country would not forget the sacrifice of Australian soldiers .
On Anzac Day 1918 the German Army was stopped from an advance that could have changed the outcome of the war .
Thousands of Australian troops held back Germany at great cost . Thousands of Australian soldiers died or were injured in the battle .
Camera Icon Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull takes a look at a bust of Sir Kohn Monash . Picture : AAP
The names of 11,000 Australians whose bodies were never recovered from all Western Front battlefields , are etched on the special memorial that sits outside Villers-Bretonneux .
Mr Philippie said after touring the new Monash centre , they had to consider what Australian troops had endured in defence of France .
`` I could not help thinking of the terrible loneliness which these thousands of young Australians must have felt as their young lives were cut short in a foreign country . A foreign country . A faraway country , ” they said .
`` A cold country whose earth had neither the colour nor texture of their native bush . A faraway , foreign country which they defended , inch by inch , in Fromelles in the Nord region , in Bullecourt in Pas-de-Calais and of course here , in Villers-Bretonneux . As if it were their own country . And it is their own country . ”
Mr Philippe officially opened the centre with Malcolm Turnbull who fought back tears as they talked of a great-uncle of their wife , Lucy , who had died a few days after landing in France . A son , who would die during World War Two , was born soon after their death .
Mr Turnbull , in front of descendants of those who fought or died in the battle , said the new $ 100 million centre that has been built at the site was an expression of gratitude to all Australia service personnel .
Camera Icon ustralian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull and their wife Lucy Turnbull and French Prime Minister Edouard Philippe tour the Australian National Memorial at Villers-Bretonneux . Picture : AAP
“ In the midst of the stone , and steel , and glass of this serene monument , we know that the best way to honour the diggers of 1918 is to support the servicemen and women , the veterans and the families of today , ” they said .
Mr Turnbull said it was hard to imagine that 320,000 Australians volunteered and served overseas during WW1 when the nation 's population was just five million .
The death of 60,000 , and the many who suffered injuries or returned home with post-traumatic stress disorder , was also almost beyond comprehension .
“ There was barely a household in Australia that was not deeply and personally affected. , ” they said .
“ We must remember all of this - especially us , our nation 's leaders - reminding us why we always strive to resolve conflict by peaceful means .
“ And when we do put our troops in harm 's way , to do so with the resources , the wisdom and the considered strategy that best ensures their success and safe return . ”
The centre marks a man many considered to be Australia 's greatest wartime leader , Sir John Monash who was the last war commander to be knighted on a battlefield .
They said the general had not only led men but a nation .
“ General Monash expanded and enriched our conception of our nation , in both forceful and subtle ways , ” they said .
Mr Turnbull also paid tribute to former PM Tony Abbott for pushing ahead with the Monash centre . Mr Abbott was on hand for the opening .
Capes-based State Emergency Service volunteers responded to what they described as Busselton 's “ biggest weather event ” in five years when the first cold front of the season hit last Thursday .
Busselton SES unit volunteer Jocelin Lawson said they responded to 27 calls for assistance when the storm was at its peak on Thursday and Friday , totalling about 30 call outs over the course of the weekend .
They said most incidents involved roof and fence damage , fallen trees and rogue trampolines .
“ We had calls from out near Dunsborough all the way up to Bayside ( Geographe ) , ” Ms Lawson said .
“ Sheds blew into yards , trees were down and there were a lot of fences taken out .
“ There was a significant line of damage down near Old Broadwater Farm and those with roof damage also had water seeping into their ceilings . ”
Storms and heavy rains meant that more than 75mm of rain was recorded in Vasse and more than 68mm in Busselton .
Wind gusts reached 113km/h at Cape Naturaliste on Thursday night , while the Busselton Jetty copped gusts of up to 111km/h on Friday .
A Weather Bureau spokesperson said a weak cold front was predicted to pass through Busselton when the Times went to print yesterday .
“ We could see gusty showers and thunderstorms but rainfall totals are not looking as bad , ” they said .
Ms Lawson encouraged residents to tie down trampolines , review minor yard damage and clean gutters in preparation for future storms .
Irrfan Khan starrer Qarib Qarib Singlle created a lot of buzz yesterday with its quirky teaser posters.The makers of the film have finally unfolded the journey of Irrfan Khan by releasing the teaser .
The film is touted to be a fun desi adventure and will feature the unusual pairing of National Award winner Irrfan Khan opposite Malayalam actor Parvathy . Qarib Qarib Singlle is set to be a quirky contemporary love story where Irrfan is all set to play the role of a lover boy for the first time .
Watch the trailer here :
Irrfan Khan has treated the audience with the third teaser poster of the film which also highlights the name of the film . The poster reveals the first look of Irrfan Khan 's quirky avatar in the film . Earlier this morning Irrfan aka Yogi took to their social media to unveil the very first teaser poster for the film . The vibrant poster featured the lower body of the actor who is dragging a red travel bag , it also showcased a search toolbar which stated ‘ follow Yogi 's safarnama ' .
Trending :
While all the eyes were on the first teaser poster , the actor shared the second teaser poster which created a lot more anticipation . It showcases two passengers trying to Qarib Qarib reach each other . With every passing content , the film has intrigued the audience to a great extent who are eager to witness the quirky film onscreen .
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town , and volunteer fire department
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America 's Team ?
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
2:59 Cullen Davis on meeting with John Farr
1:59 Cullen Davis on the murder victims : 'That 's ancient history '
1:03 Oversized coats are winter 's ultimate wrap star
AMMAN — Foreign Minister Ayman Safadi on Monday reiterated that Jordan sees the US decision to recognise Jerusalem as the capital of Israel as illegal , in breach of the international law and relevant UN Security Council resolutions .
During a press conference with their Indonesian counterpart Retno Marsudi , Safadi said that they and Marsudi discussed Jerusalem issue , which both reject , and would coordinate efforts to respond to the decision .
They noted that Jordan is working with Arab and Muslim countries to coordinate with international community to ensure that the two-state solution is implemented , leading to the emergence of an independent Palestinian state within the pre-1967 lines .
The minister quoted Their Majesty King Abdullah as saying that Jerusalem is the key to peace , and as long as it is occupied , the region will not live in peace and security .
For their part , Marsudi and Safadi discussed preparations for the upcoming Islamic summit in Istanbul , adding that they outlined developments related to the holy city .
They stressed that their country stands by Jordan in refusing the decision , adding the importance of communication with all countries in order to spread awareness of the issue .
On Wednesday , the Organisation of the Islamic Cooperation ( OIC ) plans to hold an emergency summit in Istanbul to discuss recent regional developments , especially as they pertain to Jerusalem .
LOS ANGELES — Three-division world champion Vasyl Lomachenko has undergone surgery to fix a torn labrum in their right shoulder .
The two-time Olympic gold medallist from Ukraine hopes to return to the ring later this year , according to a statement Wednesday from their promoter .
Lomachenko ( 11-1 , 9 KOs ) had arthroscopic surgery at the Cedars-Sinai Kerlan-Jobe Institute in Los Angeles by orthopedic surgeon Neal ElAttrache .
Lomachenko says they hurt their shoulder during the second round of their 10th-round stoppage victory over Jorge Linares in New York on May 12 to defend their WBA lightweight title .
Chamber of Commerce President Paul Byles says he 's surprised the overall crime rate for 2017 dropped given the number of incidents at local businesses .
Burglary was one of the areas that increased and with those crimes and other violent incidents continuing into 2018 they said they remain concerned .
Mr. Byles said the Chamber has reached out to key stakeholders to start the discussion of finding ways to fight crime in Cayman .
“ Addressing crime is a wider community sort of issue and that means the broader community must be involved in the discussions . It can not be just be a discussion with lawmakers and the RCIPS . It has to be a discussion that includes the wider community , the business community , those involved in education for example , those involved in the prison system , ” Mr. Byles said .
They said the response is slow in coming to set up the discussion , but the Chamber will continue its efforts . They also added he 's pleased to see the National Security Council has convened .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Print
SEOUL , South Korea ( AP ) — The Latest on the North Korea crisis ( all times local ) :
11 a.m .
South Korean President Moon Jae-in says North Korea could create conditions for dialogue by stopping additional nuclear and missile tests .
Moon in a speech Tuesday also said resolving the North Korean threat could begin with freezing its nuclear weapons program .
Tensions have increased as North Korea advanced toward being able to hit the mainland United States with a nuclear-armed missile . Its state media described in detail Tuesday its plans to launch missiles into waters near Guam . But it also reported that leader Kim Jong-un would watch U.S. conduct before giving their orders for the test . That appeared to signal a path to defuse the crisis .
Moon says that their government shares a view with Washington that the purpose of strong sanctions and pressure against North Korea is to draw Pyongyang to negotiations .
___
10:45 a.m .
The South Korean president says the North Korean nuclear crisis must “ absolutely be solved peacefully ” and there can be no U.S. military moves without South Korean consent .
Moon Jae-in , a liberal who favors engagement with the North , delivered a nationally televised speech Tuesday on the anniversary of the end of World War II and the Korean Peninsula 's liberation from Japanese colonial rule .
North Korea has said its military presented leader Kim Jong-un with plans to launch missiles into waters near Guam . But its comments appeared to signal a path to defuse the crisis by saying Kim would watch U.S. conduct before giving their orders .
Moon said their South Korean government “ will put everything on the line to prevent another war in the Korean Peninsula. ” They say the “ North Korean nuclear program should absolutely be solved peacefully , and the ( South Korean ) government and the U.S. government do n't have a different position on this . ”
___
6:30 p.m .
North Korea says leader Kim Jong-un was briefed on their military 's plans to launch missiles in waters near Guam days after the Korean People 's Army announced its preparing to create “ enveloping fire ” near the U.S. military hub in the Pacific .
The Korean Central News Agency said Tuesday that Kim during an inspection of the KPA 's Strategic Forces praised the military for drawing up a “ close and careful ” plan . Kim said they will give order for the missile test if the United States continues its “ extremely dangerous actions ” on the Korean Peninsula .
The KPA 's Strategic Forces said last week it would finalize by mid-August a plan to fire four intermediate ballistic missiles near Guam and send it to Kim for their approval
___
8:10 a.m .
The top U.S. military officer says the United States wants to peacefully resolve a deepening standoff with North Korea but is also ready to use the “ full range ” of its military capabilities in case of provocation .
The comments by Marine Corps Gen. Joseph Dunford in meetings Monday with senior South Korean military and political officials appeared to be an attempt to ease anxiety over tit-for-tat threats between President Donald Trump and North Korea while also showing a willingness to back up Trump 's warnings if necessary .
Dunford , the chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said that the U.S. is “ seeking a peaceful resolution to the crisis . ”
Dunford is visiting South Korea , Japan and China after a week in which Trump said they were ready to unleash “ fire and fury ” if North Korea continued to threaten the United States .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Madame launches its new store
At Dwarka , New Delhi
Madam the women 's clothing brand launches its new store at Dwarka in New Delhi . This will be Madame 's 25thstore in Delhi NCR . The store follows in the new design concept which reflects brand 's commitment to sustainability within an architectural and fashionable atmosphere .
Spread over 1,000 square feet of selling space on one floor , the new store has a clean , modern feel and offers a curated selection of apparel , shoes , jewelry , and handbags for women . A standout attraction of the new store is the display table made of wood & metal placed at the entrance that drives customer 's attraction towards the latest trends .
Madame 's new store will have the latest Summer'18 collections with the styles that are worth discovering . Jump onto the trendsetter bandwagon with Madame Women and explore the ensembles to suit your style . The store features the best range of outfits like blazers , jackets , skirts , denims , tops , flowy dresses that would set your ultra-chic look . All the styles are refreshing and exciting with an edited version of trends .
Madame is a fashion-forward brand that promises to dress girls from their innocent teen year to their confident adulthood . At Madame the in-store associates make sure to help the fashion-focused customers find styles they love and introduces to ones she 'll love to explore
At present , Madame is expanded all over India with a total number of 150 exclusive stores . Madame is retailed through online marketplaces including Myntra , Jabong and Amazon . Additionally , the brand will have its own online store to help cater its customer from anywhere , by simply visiting the website – www.glamly.com
About MADAME
MADAME is a fashion-forward brand designed and created for all fashion lovers . It was founded on January 1 , 1993 , with its Head Office in Ludhiana , Punjab and corporate branch offices in Gurugram & Mumbai . Madame is Jain Amar Clothing 's major fashion brand . The word Madame is derived from French word which means Madam ( Lady ) and thus gives a widespread appeal to young women .
HISTORY
Madame 's first flagship store was opened in the year 2002 in Mumbai and by 2004 total 25 stores were opened across India . Since then Madame never looked back and completed 50 stores by the year 2006 . Year 2011 was a landmark in the history of Madame as it completed its 100th store in India and kept its foot in International Market by opening store in Saudi Arabia ( KSA ) .
MANUFACTURING
An idea starts with a strong motive to pour it into reality . Our fashion forecasters always keep an eye on upcoming trends and co-ordinate with our highly skilled team of designers to bring that in reality . Madame has its manufacturing unit in Noorwala ( Ludhiana ) and has over xyz number of designers fulfilling fashion requirements of young women across globe .
Once the products are ready , they are distributed in respective Madame stores from our Distribution centre based in Bhattian ( Ludhiana ) considering the season , trend and preference of the residents . There are some basic trends which are carried over from year to year . On the contrary , the style changes on store shelves from season to season i.ie. , Spring , Summer , Autumn and Winter .
STORES
The brand has undergone notable expansion , opening its first exclusive store in Mumbai in 2002 . There were 64 exclusive stores in 2010 and also 600 multi-brand outlets . In 2014 , there were 102 exclusive stores across India . At present , Madame is expanded all over India with a total number of 150 exclusive stores and approx . 400+ multi-brand outlets . Madame aims at opening up to 20 stores every year .
PRODUCTS
Madame deals in a wide range of women western clothing , shoes , handbags , glasses and accessories .
A Canadian painter who died 100 years ago will be discussed at an upcoming Art Gallery of Burlington event .
David P. Silcox presents Tom Thomson , The Silence and the Storm , on Thursday , Oct. 19 at 7 p.m. at the AGB , 1333 Lakeshore Rd .
Silcox , an art historian and curator , and recipient of the Governor General 's Award and the Order of Canada , visits Burlington to present their work on Thomson , originally published in 1977 and now available in an expanded version .
Silcox offers an appreciation of the life and works of Thomson featuring additional essays and more than 70 reproductions of their paintings published for the first time .
KOHAT : Astarzai Police Station Station House Officer ( SHO ) Abbas Ali was killed in an alleged encounter with bandits near Kohat on Tuesday .
According to police , during the encounter with the alleged kidnappers , which took place near the Bilitang area of the district , one of the kidnappers was also killed .
Following the incident , a large contingent of law enforcement personnel surrounded the area . District Police Officer Abbas Majeed has also reached the area .
NORRISTOWN , Pa. ( AP ) - Accompanied for the first time by their wife of more than 50 years , Bill Cosby walked into a courthouse Tuesday morning ahead of closing arguments in their sexual assault retrial .
Camille Cosby had been absent from the courtroom as prosecutors called a series of women to the stand who testified their husband drugged and sexually assaulted them , but they were by their side Tuesday for the trial 's conclusion .
The jury that will start deliberating Cosby 's fate has heard the comedian described over the past two weeks both as a `` serial rapist '' and a con artist 's victim .
They have seen a half-dozen accusers testify that the man once revered as `` America 's Dad '' had a sordid secret life that involved preying on women for their own sexual gratification . And they have heard from a witness who says their chief accuser talked about framing a high-profile person to score a big payday .
Now , seven men and five women who have been kept in a suburban Philadelphia hotel , away from family , friends and daily routines , will get to have their say in the first big celebrity trial of the # MeToo era .
`` You now have all of the evidence , '' Judge Steven O'Neill told them after Cosby 's lawyers rested on Monday without calling the 80-year-old comedian to the stand . `` Try to relax , so that you 're on your game tomorrow . ''
Jurors could be in for a marathon .
Before going off to deliberate , they will hear both sides rehash the case in lengthy closing arguments , and they will get O'Neill 's instructions in the law .
Cosby is charged with three counts of aggravated indecent assault - all stemming from Andrea Constand 's allegations that they knocked them out with three pills they called `` your friends '' and molested them at their suburban Philadelphia mansion in January 2004 .
Each count carries a sentence of up to 10 years in prison .
Cosby has said they gave Constand 1½ tablets of the over-the-counter cold and allergy medicine Benadryl to help them relax before what they called a consensual sexual encounter .
The jury in Cosby 's first trial weighed the evidence for more than 52 hours over six days without reaching a verdict .
This time , both sides have given the retrial jury much more to consider .
Prosecutors were able to call five additional accusers who testified that Cosby also drugged and violated them - including one woman who asked them through their tears , `` You remember , do n't you , Mr . Cosby ? ''
Cosby 's new defense team , led by Michael Jackson lawyer Tom Mesereau , countered with a far more robust effort at stoking doubts about Constand 's credibility and raising questions about whether Cosby 's arrest was even legal .
The defense 's star witness was a former colleague of Constand who says Constand spoke of leveling false sexual assault accusations against a high-profile person for the purpose of filing a civil suit . Constand got a civil settlement of nearly $ 3.4 million from Cosby .
Both juries also heard from Cosby themselves - not on the witness stand , but via an explosive deposition they gave in 2005 and 2006 as part of Constand 's civil suit against him . In it , Cosby acknowledged they gave the sedative quaaludes to women before sex in the 1970s .
Cosby 's lawyers devoted the last two days of their case to travel records they say prove they could not have been at their suburban Philadelphia home in January 2004 . They argue that any encounter there with Constand would have happened earlier , outside the statute of limitations .
Cosby 's private jet records and travel itineraries produced by Cosby 's lawyers do not show any flights in or out of the Philadelphia area in January 2004 , but they have large gaps - a total of 17 days that month in which Cosby was not traveling , performing or taping TV appearances .
District Attorney Kevin Steele noted that the records do not account for other ways Cosby could have gotten to Philadelphia .
`` You ca n't tell us whether they got on a commercial flight , '' Steele said , questioning a defense aviation expert . `` You ca n't tell us whether they got on a train . You ca n't tell us whether they got in a car and drove to Philadelphia . ''
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission , which Constand has done .
___
This story has been corrected to show that jury deliberations in the first trial took place over six days , not five .
___
Follow Mike Sisak at https : //twitter.com/mikesisak .
___
For more coverage visit https : //www.apnews.com/tag/CosbyonTrial .
More than 600 people registered during the first phase of the campaign
Gurugram , May 2018 – India , the largest democracy with more than 50 % of the population below the age group of 29 who are considered as youth is creating a social impact in their everyday life . In order to support and encourage this section , Tomorrow'sIndia , an initiative of the Global Social ( India ) Foundation has launched a nationwide campaign – # LetsStartWithI at the heart of Gurugram , Cyber Hub . The major motive of this ongoing campaign is to inspire every individual to contribute to its future by taking a pledge for a better India ahead .
The onset of this campaign was initiated during the initial days of January 2018 , however , the activation went on-ground from25th May , 2018 at Cyber Hub , Gurugram with an exclusive Augmented Reality ( AR ) and Virtual Reality ( VR ) experience . The activation was ideated to reach out to masses , primarily youth that promoted awareness of three precise concerns in India , also focused on the key issues which the organisation is closely working around -Child Labour , Child Education and Health & Sanitation .
Theatre group ‘ Moksh ' who has done more than 1200 plays till date , launched the campaign with a unique street play focusing on the theme ‘ Let 's Start With I ' . Both RJ Navedand Jaiprakash Chaudhary ( who has paved their path by selling items retrieved from garbage worth Rs 11 lakh and also employs about 160 staff in their two waste segregation centres in the national capital ) , encouraged the young professionals of Delhi/NCR with their motivational words and stories to pledge for a better tomorrow . Also , for every individual pledge , the organisation donated₹1 on their behalf to Tomorrow 's India charity fund .
Planned from25th May to 25th September 2018 , the initiative aims to reach out to the mass Indians and will request them to take a Pledge individually for shaping India towards a better future.This endeavour of Tomorrow 's India targets at raising awareness about the elimination of the social ills that plagues the nation . Therefore , the contribution of ₹1 , put together , will behelpful to work towards their goal – also making individual participation a key instrument for making changes happen .
Spanning a four month period , the activation would travel across numerous colleges , marketplaces and corporate areas in New Delhi/NCR . The next stop will be Adventure Island , Rohini , from 1st June till 4th June followed by other locations in the national capital .
Mr. HP Singh , Founder & Chairman , Global Social ( India ) Foundation said , “ India , once namedas “ The Golden Sparrow ” , is a land that has been at the peak of greatness for centuries . With this campaign we urged the youth of India to join hands and help us in creating a better India . Tomorrow 's India is trying to act as the catalyst in leading the great national integration required to fight off the damaging issues . India needs every individual , every identity to come together for its future , for Tomorrow 's India . I am glad that we got a decent response of more than 600 registrations during the first phase of the campaign ” .
They added , “ This is our earnest endeavour to maintain the balance for our children so that in the future , they live in a healthier balanced India . Our project iFuture/Bachcha Party is focused towards this aim . The belief that an ordinary person can be a hero , like our other project ‘ iHeroes ' think , is enshrined in our collective vision for a better world and this campaign is a humble contribution to realize the goal ” .
Leading brands like Lenskart , 1 mg , Grofers , Ferns N Petals ( FNP ) , Recliners India , Pepper Pot , Ambrosia Bliss , Gola Sizzlers , Café Hawkers , The Tipsy Elephant , Mirza-Awadhi Cuisine , Spago-Italian , Foodama , Adventure Island , Anytime Fitness , EaseMyTrip , Castle 9 , Zaffran-North India , Niryas , Body Canvas Tattoos & Piercings Studio , Mucchad Di Chai and Indian Grill Room – have joined the forces with Tomorrow 's India by offering special offers to people registering for the initiative .
The UIL softball state tournament gets started Wednesday at McCombs Field at the University of Texas in Austin .
Brock ( 33-5 ) and Fort Worth Arlington Heights ( 37-3-1 ) have lined up state semifinal games against Santa Gertrudis Academy ( 38-1 ) and Richmond Foster ( 35-8-1 ) .
But Dallas-Fort Worth has three other teams going : Plano , Forney and Grandview .
Take a look at the match-ups :
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Class 3A
Grandview ( 40-1 ) vs. Hughes Springs ( 29-3 )
3 p.m. Wednesday
GRANDVIEW
The Zebras are ranked the No . 1 team in 3A and started the season 39-0 . They are headed to the state tournament for the first time in program history .
Playoffs : Teague ( 21-0 , 11-0 ) , Little River Academy ( 5-1 , 11-2 ) , Frankston ( 10-0 ) , Pollok Central ( 8-6 ) , Buna ( 1-0 , 0-4 , 6-2 )
District : First in 17-3A
Coach : Ron Holton
By the numbers : The Zebras are outscoring opponents 422-52 and averaging 10.3 runs per game this season . They have posted 23 shutouts and have 21 wins via the run-rule . They rallied from a 5-0 deficit to win the regional semis .
HUGHES SPRINGS
The Mustangs are in the state tourney for the second-straight season .
Playoffs : Cooper ( 17-0 ) , Beckville ( 10-0 ) , Hooks ( 18-7 ) , Pilot Point ( 14-2 ) , New Boston ( 11-5 )
District : First in 14-3A
Coach : Tisha Thompson
By the numbers : The Mustangs have played one-game series in the previous five rounds . They are outscoring opponents 394-88 and averaging 12 runs per game .
Class 5A
Forney ( 31-6 ) vs. Mont Belvieu Barbers Hill ( 39-6 )
Noon Friday
FORNEY
The Jackrabbits reach the state tournament for the first time since 2012 . They went to the state title game in 2011 . Forney has dedicated its season to teammate Emily Galiano , who died before last year 's regional semifinals during a car accident at a team dinner . The team motto is Play For Em . Twin sister Madison Galiano is playing for them Forney has a Texas A & M commit in Trinity Cannon and Kansas commit in Savannah DesRochers .
Playoffs : Texarkana Texas ( 12-0 ) , The Colony ( 13-1 , 4-3 ) , Sulphur Springs ( 14-2 , 14-5 ) , Lake Ridge ( 12-1 , 8-5 ) , Hallsville ( 4-1 , 4-3 )
District : First in 15-5A
Coach : Pat Eitel
By the numbers : The Jackrabbits knocked off the 5A defending champions in the area round . Two playoff wins have come by the defensive throw-down both at third base for the final out in Game 2 vs . The Colony and Game 2 vs. Hallsville . They are outscoring opponents 362-75 . They have won 23-straight games and have n't lost since March 3 .
BARBERS HILL
The Eagles last made the state tourney in 2014 . They also went in 2006 .
Playoffs : Vidor ( 13-2 , 12-1 ) , Manvel ( 11-0 , 1-0 ) , Splendora ( 4-0 , 4-2 ) , College Station ( 2-3 , 4-1 , 3-2 ) , Elgin ( 3-4 , 5-3 , 4-3 )
District : First in 21-5A
Coach : Aaron Fuller
By the numbers : The Eagles are outscoring opponents 320-56 . They have posted 17 shutouts . Kaylee Hornberger recorded the walk-off in the eighth inning to win the 5A Region III final .
Class 6A
Plano ( 26-4 ) vs. Humble Atascocita ( 33-7 )
6 p.m. Friday
PLANO
The Wildcats knocked out Keller , the two-time defending state champ , to clinch their first trip to state since 2011 .
Playoffs : Marcus ( 2-9 , 10-2 , 5-1 ) , South Grand Prairie ( 15-0 ) , Flower Mound ( 10-6 ) , Permian ( 10-9 , 12-5 ) , Keller ( 2-1 )
District : First in 6-6A
Coach : Molly Pipak
By the numbers : Audrey McNeill allowed one run on seven hits vs. Keller in the 6A Region I final . Emily Knight drove in the game-winning run in the fifth inning . After dropping their first playoff game , the Wildcats have won seven straight while scoring more than nine runs per game .
ATASCOCITA
The Eagles are making their second trip to state in three years .
Playoffs : Pasadena Memorial ( 2-3 , 6-3 , 13-1 ) , Pearland ( 2-1 , 3-5 , 11-5 ) , Brazoswood ( 2-0 , 9-1 ) , Bellaire ( 14-0 , 2-1 ) , Katy ( 11-1 , 2-5 , 3-2 )
District : First in 21-6A
Coach : Ashley Boyd
By the numbers : The Eagles took down Katy , the No . 3 team in the nation . They are outscoring opponents 279-80 . Freshman Katie Cimusz has 11 home runs and 45 RBIs on the season . Senior Jenika Lombrana is 20-4 with a 1.04 ERA and 175 strikeouts .
July 2 , 2018 – Aarkstore Enterprise announces the latest research of its publication ” Canada Hydropower Market Research Report 2018 – 2025 ”
The latest research report provides a comprehensive report on Canada Hydropower markets , providing recent updates , installed capacity , power generation , regulations , companies and emerging trends in industry and investment .
The Canada Hydropower market report provides detailed insights into the current power market conditions in the country . Strategic analysis review of the country 's power sector is included , providing recent trends and investment drivers , factors set to shape the future of the industry , and detailed SWOT Analysis .
The electricity research work analyzes the power supply scenario in Canada . Installed capacity and generation together with major power plants in Canada are detailed in the report . In addition to operational plant details , the report also provides planned and under construction power plants in the country .
On the outlook front , installed capacity , power generation ( Hydro ) is forecast to 2025 . Further , supporting macroeconomic forecasts including GDP , population are also forecasted .
The report compares Canada power market with its peer markets in terms of supply , infrastructure , demand and growth potential . Further , region and global power market outlook is presented in the report to enable users to assess the Canada power market in the global context .
The Canada electricity operators including power generation companies , power transmission companies , regulators and regulations , tariffs are provided in the report . Further , company profiles of three leading players in the Canada power industry are provided .
Browse Full Report with Table of Contents – https : //www.aarkstore.com/energy-power/963314/2018-canada-hydropower-market-outlook-2025
Contact Details :
Aarkstore Enterprise
Phone : +91 998 729 5242
Email : contact @ aarkstore.com
Our website : https : //www.aarkstore.com/
by George Looby , DVM
For 157 years the Woodstock Fair in Connecticut has been the main attraction in the late summer for residents of northeastern Connecticut and beyond . Attracting upwards of 200,000 people the fair has something for everyone . The fair 's motto for many years has been “ Always Labor Day Weekend ” . And so it was again this year . The Fair is a production of the Woodstock Agricultural Society whose mission is the promotion of agriculture . The Board of Directors is the governing body of the fair . This group of citizens from the region dedicate their time and talent to make the event a true family affair .
Agricultural activities are always the main attraction at the fair and the sheep show is one of the largest in New England with all of the major breeds represented . In all of the competitive events particular attention was given to youth activities . The young people who participate deserve a great deal of credit for their hard work . To reinforce the Society 's support of youth activities it awards a number of scholarship each year to local students . One of the attractions of the sheep show is the lead line competition which is arranged by age groups with one individual emerging as Overall Lead Line Champion . This year the contest was dedicated to the memory of the late Marie Sherman , former Superintendent of the Sheep Department and a long-time advocate of the lead line class .
A crowd pleaser is the Giant Pumpkin Contest where dedicated growers compete for the title of having grown the largest giant among giants . The folks who enter these class devote hours to the care and culture of their prize pumpkins . Pumpkin culture is a mix of science , knowhow and perhaps just a bit of magic .
Even though it got off to a cold , wet start 2017 was one of the best growing years in recent memory and the plates of prize vegetables bear testimony to the gardeners ' delight . The Exhibition Hall was filled with fruits , vegetables and flowers from commercial growers and backyard growers . Almost every class had a youth section where kids competed against those in the same age group .
Animal displays and competition constitute a large part of any New England Fair . Judges were surely hard pressed to find reasons to place one over another when judging . Most contestants take the placement of their animals in good spirit while others have problems dealing with anything other than a blue ribbon . All participants learn valuable lessons in how to take defeat gracefully and realize that it all was in good fun .
The Horse Show is a major component of the Fair with four days and three nights of competition . Included in the wide range of events including but not limited to the Driving Division , Showmanship Divisions , Fun and Games Division , Gymkhana Divisions , Trail Division , Hunter Divisions and many more .
Fairgoers with an interest in antique farm machinery and accessories spent a large amount of time exploring the Brunn Barn . Here they found a collection of farm machinery dating back to the mid-1800s , mostly donated or loaned to the fair by local residents . Here too they can examine a large collection of antique farm tractors brought to the fair by enthusiasts many of whom belong the Old Iron Tractor Club , a regional organization dedicated to the preservation of old tractors . Prizes are awarded in a number of different categories .
The Agricultural Exhibit Building had a number of exhibitors displaying the product or service that they contribute to Connecticut agriculture . In this setting the aim is to educate the general public about the many segments that make up agriculture in the state . Here they were able to talk with maple syrup producers , Christmas tree growers , beekeepers and many others . One of the favorites year after year is the cheese sampling table where fairgoers line up to pick up a sample of New England produced cheese .
No fair would be complete without pulling contests . On Friday evening tractors pulled up to four tons . The oxen took over the ring on Saturday with some classes devoted to appearance and how well they matched up based on age . In the pulling contests , the animals in the same weight range pulled against each other until the heaviest teams pulled against each other until one team was left having pulled the heaviest load the furthest . Sunday 's pulling contest was turned over to the ponies who were divided according to height . The pulling teams came in on Monday and were divided into three groups according to weight .
A rather unique feature at the fair over the past several years has been the birthing center where cows are brought from a nearby farm to deliver their calves . This facility provides a once a year opportunity for folks to see the birth of a calf . During the regular hours of the fair an experienced cattle person is on the PA system delivering a running commentary on just what is happening during the entire gestation period including those times when things do not go exactly a planned . All of this sounds pretty straight forward but the logistics of getting a group of cows to calve at fair time requires some careful planning . In addition to the cows calving there are other representative farm animals with their newborns in dedicated pens to allow close examination by fairgoers .
For the staff months of planning quickly came to an end on Monday evening and their thoughts are already focused on Labor Day weekend 2018 .
Global Cyanoacrylate Adhesives Market : Overview
Cyanoacrylates , also referred to as superglue , are covered under the famous family of adhesives used for application in industrial , medical , and household sectors . These adhesives usually have a shorter shelf-life . If unopened they can last up to a year , however , if opened they hardly last for more than a month . Cyanoacrylate is the generic name used to connote ethyl-2- Cyanoacrylate and 2- octyl- Cyanoacrylate .
Request Report Brochure @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=2756
Industrial cyanoacrylates are known as instant adhesives , which provide high strength glue to bond unlike materials such as plastic , rubber , and metal . Furthermore , thermoplastic resins can be obtained from these adhesives at room temperature and at a rapid speed enabling it derive its fixture strength within a few seconds and complete strength within a day . For the purpose of the study , the global cyanoacrylates adhesives market can be segmented based on products into toughened adhesives , general purpose adhesives , low bloom adhesives , flexible adhesives , light cure adhesives , and thermal adhesives .
The report provides a holistic analysis of the global cyanoacrylates adhesives market covering the various growth drivers and restraints impacting its trajectory . The effect of Porter 's five forces is studied to gauge the bargaining power of buyers and suppliers , the prevailing competitive strengths , and challenge posed by the entry of new players and availability of substitutes . To study the vendor landscape , the report profiles some of the leading companies operating in the global cyanoacrylate adhesives market and conducts SWOT analysis on them . It is thus compiled to help readers gain a 360 degree overview of the global market .
Read Report Overview @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/cyanoacrylate-adhesives-market.html
Global Cyanoacrylate Adhesives Market : Trends and Opportunities
Cyanoacrylate adhesives are used across diverse applications such as in flying model aircraft , assembling prototype electronics , and retention dressing for nuts and bolts . In addition , these adhesives are used as finishes in wood turners , besides in automotive assemblies . The application of cyanoacrylate is extended across the medical device sector as well , where it is used for bonding needle and syringe .
About Us
Transparency Market Research ( TMR ) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services . The company 's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers . TMR 's experienced team of analysts , researchers , and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information .
TMR 's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information . With extensive research and analysis capabilities , Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports .
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower ,
90 State Street ,
Suite 700 ,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel : +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free : 866-552-3453
Email : sales @ transparencymarketresearch.com
Website : http : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Couturetime is expanding its partnership with the RedBar Group for the 2018 event . The RedBar Group , a mix of watch collectors and enthusiasts , will be hosted by the timepiece trade show for the RedBar inaugural nationwide meeting giving RedBar enthusiasts the opportunity to meet and socialize with one another , as well as meet directly with the watch brands exhibiting at Couturetime .
“ In 2017 , we worked with RedBar in an introductory capacity , with the organizers and a handful of their members in attendance on the show floor . Their presence added a level of excitement and energy that we wanted to further develop , so this year 's show is going to play host to the group 's first annual national gathering , bringing together chapter presidents and members from across the country and select RedBar members will also have the opportunity to take classes held by the New York Horological Society , ” said Gannon Brousseau , director of Couture and senior vice president of Emerald Expositions .
“ RedBar Group hosts weekly gatherings across the country that bring together watch enthusiasts in their areas , and we 're confident that our retailers will be delighted to be connected to these highly motivated , self-described ‘ watch geeks ' for events that will build awareness of , and drive traffic to their stores , ” they added . “ The exhibiting brands are also incredibly enthusiastic about our partnership with RedBar Group ; in our conversations with our brands , they 've conveyed the importance of these watch aficionados to the success of their businesses . ”
RedBar organizers and members will be walking throughout Couturetime at Encore and in the Villas , and the RedBar Lounge will be located in Handel , a ballroom situated close to the Encore Ballroom . On Saturday beginning at 11 a.m. , RedBar will be hosting a Bloody Mary cocktail hour in Handel .
“ We speculate that our partnership will continue to grow and our hope is to continue to host these RedBar Chapter Meet ups at Couturetime in the coming years ” Brousseau noted .
The inaugural event is being celebrated with an invitation-only event on Friday evening cohosted by Watchonista , at the Neon Museum in Old Las Vegas .
Couture and Couturetime are owned by Emerald Expositions .
OAKLAND , Calif. ( AP ) - Even though they knew it was the best move to make , Tampa Bay right-hander Nathan Eovaldi was not happy when Kevin Cash pulled them after six innings . They even had to be prodded to shake their manager 's hand .
Coming off a second Tommy John surgery , Eovaldi understood why . They just did n't like it at the time .
Eovaldi pitched six innings of no-hit ball in their return to the majors , leading the Rays to a 6-0 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Wednesday night .
`` I did n't want to shake their hand , '' Eovaldi said . `` I have n't gone seven innings in a really long time . So we played it safe and it was good . I would have liked to stay out there until I gave up a hit but I understand the situation as well . ''
Eovaldi ( 1-0 ) routinely clocked in the high 90s with their fastball and faced one over the minimum through six innings in their Tampa Bay debut . They threw 70 pitches and had four strikeouts . The only runner to reach base against them was Matt Chapman , who drew a one-out walk in the first .
Cash said they debated sending Eovaldi out for the seventh .
`` It was tough , there was no doubt , but we have to do what 's right by him , '' Cash said . `` He wanted to stay but realistically he 's not getting to the ninth inning . I 'll just blame ( pitching coach Kyle Snyder ) . I wanted to keep pitching them but Kyle told me to pull him . ''
Wilmer Font , acquired by the Rays from the A 's last Friday , gave up Jed Lowrie 's one-out single in the seventh for Oakland 's only hit of the game . Vidal Nuno got the last three outs to finish the one-hitter .
Rob Refsnyder hit a three-run home run off A 's starter Sean Manaea ( 5-6 ) , and Johnny Field also homered for the Rays .
The game drew an announced crowd of 6,295 , the smallest at the Coliseum since April 3 , 2003 .
Eovaldi last pitched in the majors on Aug. 10 , 2016 , for the Yankees . Nine days later , they underwent a second elbow surgery . Eovaldi also had Tommy John surgery in 2007 when they were a junior in high school .
The 28-year-old missed the first month of this season after undergoing surgery March 30 to remove loose bodies in their elbow . Eovaldi made four rehab starts in the minors before being activated off the disabled list before Wednesday 's game .
`` It felt great being out there , '' Eovaldi said . `` I was so focused on just getting that first out . After I got it , the emotions kind of got to me . I was a little nervous out there . Then I was able to regroup and slow back down . ''
Eovaldi , the 12th pitcher in major league history to start in the majors after having two Tommy John surgeries , induced seven groundouts and retired the final 17 batters they faced following the walk to Chapman .
`` I think we pushed them about as much as we wanted to , '' Cash said .
Font then came in and retired Chapman on a liner to shortstop in the seventh before Lowrie pushed a single up the middle .
Nuno replaced Font in the ninth and gave up a leadoff walk to Chad Pinder , then retired the next three batters .
That was all the offense the A 's could muster while being shut out by the Rays for the second time in three games .
`` Honestly , those guys over there , they 're pitching great , '' Oakland shortstop Chad Pinder said . `` Those guys are n't a walk in the park , and they 're locating and they 're making all their pitches work . Hitting 's hard enough as it is . ''
Oakland went into the game batting .216 in May , the second-lowest average in the majors .
STRUGGLING SEAN
Manaea allowed four runs in five innings . After going 4-1 with 1.00 ERA through their first six starts that included the majors ' first no-hitter this season on Apri 21 , the big left-hander has been in a tailspin .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Athletics : INF Marcus Semien was placed on the paternity leave list before the game . Pinder started at shortstop in Semien 's absence . RHP Josh Lucas was called up from Triple-A Nashville . ... RHP Liam Hendriks began a rehab assignment with Triple-A Nashville .
UP NEXT
Tampa Bay RHP Ryne Stanek ( 1-0 , 3.24 ERA ) will make their second career start , three days after getting a win coming out of the bullpen . RHP Daniel Mengden ( 5-4 , 2.85 ) goes for Oakland .
___
More AP baseball : https : //apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
MUMBAI : Ranveer Singh 's Simmba has finally found its leading lady !
Karan Johar on Tuesday morning announced on their social media that Saif Ali Khan and Amrita Singh 's daughter Sara Ali Khan has joined the cast of the film .
Karan 's tweet read , “ Sara Ali Khan in Simmba with Ranveer Singh . Directed by ROHIT SHETTY ! Releasing on the 28th of December 2018 ! This winter gets hotter ! ! ”
Sara Ali Khan in # Simmba with @ RanveerOfficial directed by ROHIT SHETTY ! Releasing on the 28th of December 2018 ! This winter gets hotter ! ! ! ! pic.twitter.com/bjZGjehZl0 — Karan Johar ( @ karanjohar ) March 20 , 2018
The film will be directed by Rohit Shetty of Golmaal and Chennai Express fame .
It is likely that the duo of Ranveer and Shetty will set our scenes on fires with their energy and full-of-life personas .
The film is slated to be released on 28th December 2018 .
INGLEWOOD , Calif. ( AP ) — Queens of the Stone Age frontman Joshua Homme has apologized after a photographer claimed the singer kicked their camera while they photographed the band 's concert in Southern California .
Photographer Chelsea Lauren said on Instagram that they sought medical treatment after the camera smashed into their face from the kick Saturday night at a radio station 's annual Christmas event . Video posted to social media shows Homme swinging their leg and connecting with the camera while playing guitar at the Forum near Los Angeles .
Homme said on Twitter Sunday that they were “ in a state of being lost in performance ” and thought they were kicking lighting equipment on state . They say it was unintentional and they hope Lauren accepts their apology .
Emails seeking further comment from Homme 's representatives were not immediately returned .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
THE NUMBER ONE problem for Athlone Town against Cabinteely today was exactly that — finding a number one .
A combination of injuries and work commitments meant that Aaron Callaghan 's side were left without a recognised goalkeeper for this afternoon 's SSE Airtricity League First Division clash .
Luke Kelly , an 18-year-old midfielder who is far more comfortable out wide than between the posts , was the man asked to pull on the gloves .
Kelly did n't disgrace himself , keeping a clean sheet in the first half , but they could n't prevent Athlone from falling to their fourth defeat of the season as goals from Conor Keeley and Joe Doyle after the break gave Cabo a 2-1 win .
The42 is on Instagram ! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us !
A man was sentenced to death and also awarded a life imprisonment sentence by an anti-terrorism court in Multan on Monday after they were found guilty of raping and murdering a minor girl .
The convict named Ali Haider was also ordered by the court to submit Rs 2 million as fine and Rs 0.5 million as compensation to the victim 's family .
The convict had raped a six-year-old girl and strangulated them to death a month ago in Lodhran district .
The court awarded them the death sentence under the Anti-Terrorism Act 1997 and the Pakistan Penal Code on the very first day of the hearing as the trial proceedings were finished in less than a month by the court .
Earlier in the day , the convict was charge-sheeted and the witnesses ' statements were recorded . After that the court announced its verdict .
In 2015 , Pakistan lifted the ban on carrying out death penalties and since then 465 prisoners had been executed .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
The Dallas boys basketball team rallied from a 16-2 hole after one quarter only to lose to Nanticoke 55-48 . The Mountaineers at 12-3 still have a lot to play for this February .
ANNAPOLIS , Md . ( AP ) — Fearful of President Donald Trump 's policies , the Maryland General Assembly has empowered the state 's Democratic attorney general to sue the federal government without permission from the state 's Republican governor .
The House of Delegates voted 89-50 along party lines on Wednesday for a joint resolution already approved by the Senate .
Democrats control Maryland 's legislature . They have noted worries about potential Affordable Care Act repeal as one reason for expanding the attorney general 's powers . Maryland 's attorney general has lacked the common law authority to sue the federal government on their own after a 1984 ruling by the state 's highest court .
Republicans contend the resolution upsets checks and balances outlined in Maryland 's constitution , but Democrats say more than 40 other attorneys general have the authority to sue on their own .
MONTGOMERY , Ala. ( AP ) - Alabama officials were ordered Wednesday to release information about the state 's lethal injection procedure as a federal judge granted news organizations ' request to unseal records in the wake of an aborted execution .
U.S. Judge Karon O. Bowdre ruled that the public has a `` common law right of access to the sealed records relating to Alabama 's lethal injection protocol . '' However , Bowdre said the state can keep some information secret in the interest of security , such as the names of low-level prison employees involved in executions .
The judge ordered the state to tell them by June 7 if there is identifying information in any of the records that the court plans to make public .
Alabama for years has released scant details about its execution process or where it obtains the drugs used .
A spokesperson for Alabama Attorney General Steve Marshall said the office is reviewing the order .
The Associated Press , The Montgomery Advertiser and the Alabama Media Group had filed a motion seeking the release of the protocol .
The motion was filed in federal court in a lawsuit brought by death row inmate Doyle Lee Hamm . Alabama halted Hamm 's execution in February when the execution team could not connect an intravenous line to Hamm , who had damaged veins because of lymphoma , hepatitis and past drug use .
`` It may also help the public to understand how the same scenario might be repeated or avoided under the protocol as it currently stands , '' Bowdre wrote of the release of the information .
FILE - In this June 10 , 2016 file photo , Eric Church performs at the CMA Music Festival at Nissan Stadium in Nashville , Tenn. Country star Church struggled to hold back tears in a tribute to the victims of the mass shooting at a country music festival in Las Vegas and debuted a song they wrote in their honor called `` Why Not Me . '' Church was a headliner at the Route 91 Harvest Festival two days before a gunman opened fire on a crowd of thousands Sunday night , Oct. 1 , 2017 . Photo by Al Wagner
A Victorian man who is the prime suspect in three separate cold-case murders in South Australia says they are innocent .
Steven Hainsworth , who now lives in Mildura , has admitted detectives have linked them to the murders of two grandmothers and a pensioner over a 13-year period through new forensic evidence , but has denied killing anyone .
`` I 've been told I 'm a suspect in the crime , but I have n't done anything . Nothing . I 'm not a serial killer . I have n't killed no-one . I 've had fights in my life and I 've got hurt , as you can see now . I 'm not responsible for no-one 's murder , '' Mr Hainsworth told the Nine Network on Thursday .
`` I hope that whoever is responsible is caught and then I 've got the monkey off my back . ''
On Tuesday , South Australian police said they had uncovered fresh forensic evidence that linked the three murders for the first time .
`` Now I can say we have proof and we believe theft was the motive in all three matters , '' Detective Superintendent Des Bray said .
The involvement of a single suspect had been considered before , but was not able to be fully proven until Task Force Resolute initiated a review into the cases earlier this year .
Phyllis Harrison , 71 , was found dead with multiple stab wounds and their Elizabeth South home ransacked in 1998 , while 64-year-old Beverley Hanley suffered severe head injuries and their handbag was stolen from their Elizabeth North property in 2010 .
A range of items including a TV , DVDs and computer games were missing from Stephen Newtown 's Mount Gambier unit after they were found dead and covered in rubbish in 2011 .
`` This was a cowardly attack on two grandmothers and an invalid pensioner ; each attack was extremely brutal , '' Supt Bray said .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Expect egg yolks and plenty of jokes as Tweedy the Clown comes to breakfast .
The slapstick star of the Everyman 's annual pantomime and Gifford 's Circus will delight children young and old at a one-off event in Cheltenham .
Tweedy the Clown will be at Aquavitae in Regent Street on Tuesday May 15 and will perform for 50 minutes .
The event runs from 9am to 10.30am and includes a full English breakfast , with sausage , bacon , eggs , beans and hash browns .
There will also be a selection of juices for children and coffee or tea for adults .
20 % of ticket sales will be donated Wallace and Gromit 's Grand Appeal based at Bristol Children 's Hospital .
Ticket costs £12 and can be purchased on Eventbrite here .
Email any dietary requirements to bookings @ aquavitae.bar or call 01242 577977 .
Adults are responsible for children at all times during the event .
AquaVitae opened in November 2015 as a sister bar to 21 Clubs .
In October 2017 it was relaunched with a new street food menu and premium wine and spirits menu .
Since its relaunch , the bar has introduced a range of events including unlimited prosecco evenings and a gin night hosted by EastEnders star Adam Woodyatt .
They say opposites attract . But these days , maybe not so much .
A growing number of singles are adding a clause to their online dating profiles telling either Trump haters or Trump supporters — depending on their political preference — that they need not apply .
`` This was like a dealbreaker for me , '' says 50-year-old Elizabeth Jagosz from the Detroit area . `` If you are Trump supporter , I 'm not even going to consider meeting you for coffee . ''
It 's not just an issue of party politics , Jagosz says . It 's about core values . Love , they say , can not conquer all .
`` If you do n't care about a person who says you can grab women by the pussy and that 's OK — I do n't wan na date you if you think that behavior 's OK , '' Jagosz says . `` If that 's not a dealbreaker for you , then you and I have nothing to talk about . ''
As another single put it in their profile , `` Red hats need not apply . ''
But the people wearing those red hats — the ones stamped with `` Make America Great Again '' — have been feeling the same way .
This lack of desire from liberals and conservatives to date each other is what David Goss says prompted them to launch TrumpSingles.com .
`` Yeah , it 's both ways , '' Goss says . `` You know , like a liberal does n't want to date a Nazi . And a republican does n't want to date , well , a whiny snowflake , and that 's what they 're viewing each other as . ''
TrumpSingles.com is a kind of safe space for Trump supporters who say they 're sick of the `` lefties '' refusing to even give them a chance .
`` [ The liberals ] are just repeating this left echo chamber of 'Oh , you must be a racist ; oh , you must be a homophobe ; oh , you must be a misogynist , ' `` Goss says . `` They 're judging the people based on who they voted for without actually getting to know them . ''
Helen Fisher , the chief scientific adviser to the Internet dating website Match.com , says new research from the website shows both liberals and conservatives are moving away from the center of the political spectrum .
`` There 's a real distinct difference that we 're seeing today , and all singles are becoming more rigid in their views , '' they say .
The data also shows that singles are more likely now to shun those who are at the other end of the political spectrum . And liberals are more likely to spurn conservatives than the other way around .
`` I think it 's very natural to the human animal to bring it into the idea of 'OK , you like this person , well , you must be like that person then , ' `` Fisher says . `` America is taking this very , very personally . No question about it . ''
Looking back now , it seems almost unfathomable that even two opposing campaign advisers could cross the aisle and then actually walk down the aisle as James Carville and Mary Matalin did in 1993 .
As Carville famously put it once , `` You can love the sinner and hate the sin . ''
The couple says their secret to survival and harmony at home is simply agreeing to disagree .
But today , singles seem to be saying they just ca n't do that .
`` I mean , I wish I could just go out and tell everyone to knock it off and be cool with each other , but it 's just not going to work that way , '' Goss says .
Their Trump Singles dating site is up to 35,000 members . LiberalHearts.com , founded by Salvatore Prano , is up to nearly 50,000 .
`` There 's more activity now than ever , '' Prano says . `` I knew liberals would only find comfort in each other 's arms . ''
But there is one other option for lonely liberals . Single Joe Goldman founded MapleMatch.com , a dating site that helps Americans find Canadians `` to save them from the unfathomable horror of a Trump presidency . '' Goldman became their own first client .
`` I ca n't tell you the sinking feeling I felt [ after the election ] , '' they say . `` That 's not the country I want to live in . So why not consider places that might be more in line with my values , like Canada . ''
It may be better than the alternative . According to the new Match.com survey , a growing number of liberals today are simply choosing to not date at all .
JERUSALEM ( AP ) — The Trump Administration appears to be easing away from longstanding U.S. support for Palestinian statehood as the preferred outcome of Middle East peace efforts , which may please some allies of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in Israel . But the alternatives are few , and each comes with daunting and combustible complications , including for Israel itself .
The idea of two states in the Holy Land — a Jewish Israel and an Arab Palestine — rests on a particular logic : There are two quite different peoples of roughly equal size living between the Mediterranean Sea and the Jordan River ; each wants their own nation-state to control and dominate numerically ; each has shown tenacity toward this goal .
This would require Israel to let go of most and maybe all of the territory it captured in the 1967 war , when it completed its takeover of all the land that British colonizers abandoned in 1948 . That includes the West Bank , where there are now islands of Palestinian autonomy , scattered Jewish settlements and overriding Israeli military control ; the eastern part of Jerusalem , which Israel has fully annexed and populated with Jews ; and the coastal Gaza Strip , which was actually evacuated in 2005 and is now blockaded and controlled by the Islamic militants of Hamas .
Over the years many and probably most Israelis have come around to the idea of a partition largely because they want to be considered a democracy and do not want all the Palestinian future citizens that would come along with the territory . For almost two decades , U.S. policy has been to advocate a two-state solution .
Advertisement
But over two decades of peace talks have failed to produce agreement on the details , and many on both sides consider it impossible without a major change in circumstances — massive global pressure on Israel , more upheaval in the Arab neighborhoods , perhaps tectonic shifts in the prevailing world order .
Ahead of Wednesday 's White House meeting between President Donald Trump and Netanyahu , a senior U.S. official suggested a two-state solution was optional , bringing condemnation from Palestinian officials . But many of them have for years been quietly preparing for an alternative strategy of a single bi-national state in the Holy Land .
Here 's a look at that option , and other scenarios that might arise :
ONE STATE
For years this was the goal of the Palestine Liberation Organization , and for many Palestinians it is indeed the preferred option : a single democratic state , not defined as specifically Jewish or Arab , in the area of British colonial Palestine . Many prefer it anyway to the two-state notion whereby even if Israel gives up all the land it captured in 1967 it retains almost 80 % of Palestine .
The problem is that almost no one in Israel is arguing for the true extension of full rights to Palestinians in the currently occupied territories because even with Gaza excluded it would leave Arabs constituting close to half the country 's population — and that is clearly the end of the Zionist dream of a Jewish state . This is why Israel has never annexed the West Bank and why the more sophisticated nationalists profess to support a partition , albeit on terms the Palestinians have not accepted and are not likely to .
If the Palestinians formally drop the two-state strategy and demand incorporation into Israel it will put Israel in the awkward position of refusing to annex territories where it has been settling Jews for decades . Down this path lie coercion efforts in the form of international sanctions on Israel , or Palestinian violence .
INTERIM AGREEMENT
Many Israelis have concluded that a final peace agreement with the Palestinians is simply not possible because the Palestinians are asking for the moon as a result of a feeling that they hold the demographic cards . It is not just about territory : the Palestinians still in theory demand a “ right of return ” to Israel proper for millions of descendants of Palestinian refugees living around the region and the world , which the vast majority of Jewish Israelis reject .
But perhaps a partial deal is possible whereby the Palestinians would not have to forego future claims but for now get their state on , say , 80 % of the West Bank , with some sort of preferred access of new regime in the Old City of Jerusalem ? Even the current nationalist Netanyahu government would probably accept such a thing , but the Palestinians have ruled it out , fearing the temporary would become permanent . To get them to agree would require massive global and Arab world pressure , and risks huge internal conflict among the Palestinians .
JORDANIAN OPTION
Jordan took over the West Bank and east Jerusalem during the 1948-1949 Arab-Israel war that followed the British pullout , lost the areas to Israel in 1967 and then gave up all claims to them in favor of the Palestinians in the 1980s . But Jordan is a country with a majority Palestinian-descended population , and some Israelis still think that it can play a role in satisfying Palestinian national aspirations and resuming control over only a part of the West Bank .
But this would probably require a collapse of Hashemite rule , founded on Jordan 's Bedouin population , and as such is anathema to the Jordanian monarchy , which is beloved by many israelis for making peace with them in 1994 . Adding to the awkwardness , the Palestinians reject it altogether as well .
PARTIAL UNILATERAL PULLOUT
Under these vexing circumstances many Israelis conclude no peace is possible , but they still want to be rid of the Palestinian population of the West Bank . In the mid-2000s the government of Ehud Olmert planned a unilateral pullout from most of the territory , to follow the 2005 withdrawal from Gaza . But those plans were upended when Gaza was taken over by Hamas militants and became a launching pad for rocket attacks on Israel , leading to several mini-wars .
Few want to see that scenario repeated with the West Bank , which is much larger and closer to Israel 's main cities . Now talk grows of a pullout of settlers from some areas , to create a more convincing reality of partition , while the military stays for now , pending some future arrangement . NATO ? A global or Arab peacekeeping force ? Perpetual Israeli control ? No one can say .
STATUS QUO
When the best that can be hoped for is the least bad solution , the status quo looks attractive to some . But Israel is constantly changing the landscape by adding settlers — already there are some 350,000 Israelis in the West Bank and a quarter million in East Jerusalem . And the Palestinians do not have a history of acquiescing for long : There were multi-year uprisings in the late 1980s and early 2000s and a spate of violence in late 2015 and early 2016 . Down this path lies the very strong likelihood of more .
___
Dan Perry is AP 's Middle East editor leading text coverage in the region .
CANBERRA , Australia ( AP ) — Australia 's prime minister said they were disappointed that excerpts of an off-the-record speech they gave at Parliament House parodying President Donald Trump were broadcast by a television network on Thursday .
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull made fun of both Trump and the Australian government 's dismal opinion polls during a lighthearted speech on Wednesday night at an annual ball hosted by the Federal Parliamentary Press Gallery .
“ Donald and I , we are winning and winning in the polls . We are winning so much . We are winning like we have never won before , ” Turnbull said in a speech apparently recorded on a phone and broadcast by the Nine Network . The crowd laughed .
“ We are winning in the polls . We are , we are — not the fake polls , not the fake polls — they 're the one we 're not winning in . We 're winning in the real polls , you know , the online polls . They are so easy to win , ” they added to more laughter .
Advertisement
“ Did you know that ? I know that , did you know that ? I kind of know that . I know that . They are so easy to win . I have this Russian guy … ” Nine broadcast concluded .
Turnbull 's first telephone conversation with Trump in January over a refugee resettlement deal was , in Trump 's words , “ testy. ” But the two leaders made a public show of solidarity and friendship when they met for the first time in New York in May .
While Turnbull is rarely critical of Trump in public , they mocked the president off-the-record .
Turnbull 's office and the press gallery reacted angrily to the speech being broadcast . Turnbull said they were disappointed by the leak , telling Melbourne Radio 3AW : “ it 's a breach of protocol , it 's a breach of faith and all those things . ”
“ But you know , it 's light hearted , it 's affectionate , good natured and the butt of my jokes was myself , ” Turnbull said .
Federal Parliamentary Press Gallery President Andrew Meares said the ball committee was disappointed that guests at the ball had not complied with the non-publication request for the speeches of the prime minister and opposition leader .
The veteran political journalist who reported the speech , Laurie Oakes , said they did not attend the ball and did not accept reporting should be banned at a function hosted by journalists .
“ The idea that there be no leak with hundreds of people in the room armed with mobile phones is just ridiculous , ” Oakes said .
$ 702M approved for Cultural Preservation
DPI , Guyana , Monday , December 11 , 2017
The sum of $ 702 million dollars current expenditure was authorised to the Cultural Preservation and Conservation sector of the Ministry of Social Cohesion , by the National Assembly today .
The specific allocation of the $ 235,068M under the category of ‘ Subsidies and Contribution to Local Organisations ' was queried by Opposition Members of Parliament .
Minister of Social Cohesion , with responsibility for Culture , Youth and Sport , Dr. George Norton clarified that the money will be divided among the sixteen departments within the culture sector . Among those departments benefiting will be Castellani House , National Thrust , Theatre Guild , Decades of the People of African Descent , Linden Museum of Heritage and National Culture Centre to name a few .
After many calls for clarification on the grouping ‘ Subsidies and Contribution to Local Organizations ' , Minister Norton resorted to later providing a layover of the itinerary to the Opposition . A motion was then moved for the current expenditure of $ 702M for Cultural Preservation and approved by the House .
During the budget presentations in parliament last week , Dr. Norton highlighted their Ministry in 2018 will focus on the establishment of an Institute for Creative Arts . They explained the initiative will include the construction of buildings for the improvement of the National School of Music as well as the National School of Theatre Arts and Drama .
They also disclosed that several museums included in the 2018 budget are slated for enhancement and development , of Fort Zeelandia and the St. George 's Cathedral which will undergo restoration works .
By : Crystal Stoll
For more photos , click on the link to the DPI 's Flickr Page
https : //www.flickr.com/photos/142936155 @ N03/
× Driver accused in hit-and-run that killed elderly man turns self in
NATIONAL CITY , Calif. — A suspect in a hit-and-run that killed an 81-year-old pedestrian on a South Bay street turned themselves on Tuesday , authorities reported .
Twenty-year-old Efrain Black of San Diego surrendered at National City Police Department headquarters Tuesday afternoon , NCPD Sgt . Chris Sullivan said .
The young man was allegedly behind the wheel of a dark-colored sedan that struck a man walking their dog across the 2200 block of East Fourth Street about 6:45 p.m. Monday .
Medics took the pedestrian to a hospital , where they were pronounced dead , according to the county Medical Examiner 's Office . Their identity was withheld pending family notification .
The Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary has terminated Paige Patterson entirely over their handling of a sexual abuse case at another institution , according to a statement released Wednesday .
Patterson will not receive compensation or be the theologian in residence and is no longer president emeritus , the statement said .
The executive committee came to a unanimous decision after it confirmed new information about the previous case that is `` inconsistent with SWBTS 's biblically informed core values '' according to the statement .
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community . Our journalism takes a lot of time , effort , and hard work to produce . If you read and enjoy our journalism , please consider subscribing today . SUBSCRIBE TODAY
NEW : # SWBTS terminates Paige Patterson entirely over mishandling of sexual abuse after a trustee meeting today . Statement : https : //t.co/GCGyoJSzgT — Sarah Smith ( @ sarahesmith23 ) May 31 , 2018
Patterson , who previously served as the seminary president , was pushed into the position of “ president emeritus ” on May 23 after they had come under fire for comments on abused women .
The Washington Post recently published an article alleging that Patterson told a woman who said they had been raped to not report it to police and to forgive the assailant .
Patterson , the former head of the Southern Baptist Convention , is still scheduled to deliver the keynote sermon at this year 's annual meeting in Dallas , June 12-13 .
The sweltering temperature at Dennis Basso 's show Tuesday seemed like a cruel joke on the many fur-clad guests — and runway models — within the gallery at Skylight Clarkson Sq .
“ It 's hot as blazes in here , ” exclaimed one front row guest while Paris Hilton hurriedly reapplied powder to their glistening complexion . Outfitted in a leopard print jacket , the fragrance maven and DJ , 35 , sat alongside sister Nicky Hilton Rothschild , 33 , but do n't expect to see either heiress in one of Basso 's sumptuous authentic animal skin creations .
“ I only wear faux fur , ” Paris explained . “ I 'm an animal lover and just got a new puppy named Diamond Baby . She 's a micro-mini tiny teacup chihuahua , but she 's back in L.A. because New York is too cold for her . ”
Rothschild — who rushed out of the afternoon show to start a four-hour lasagna recipe for their husband in celebration of Valentine 's Day — vehemently asserted : “ I do not wear fur . ”
Surrounded by a swarm of Secret Service agents , Tiffany Trump , 23 , in a grownup crimson cocktail dress , made a last-minute entrance seconds before the runway was cleared , which caused many to make an audible observation of them arrival .
Basso , who has known the youngest Trump daughter almost all their life , noted how adult they suddenly seemed in their new role .
“ She was placed in a special holding area backstage with all of their security right up until we were ready to begin , ” revealed the charismatic designer .
FILE - In this Aug. 9 , 2017 , file photo State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert speaks during a briefing at the State Department in Washington . Nauert 's unlikely climb has taken them from `` Fox & Friends '' to the upper echelons of American diplomacy in less than a year . ( AP Photo/Alex Brandon , File )
FILE - In this Aug. 9 , 2017 , file photo State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert speaks during a briefing at the State Department in Washington . Nauert 's unlikely climb has taken them from `` Fox & Friends '' to the upper echelons of American diplomacy in less than a year . ( AP Photo/Alex Brandon , File )
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - When the ax fell on Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , their spokesperson was half a world away , a distance they and their inner circle preferred and enforced .
Now , it 's Tillerson who 's on their way out after their unceremonious firing by President Donald Trump , and Heather Nauert whose star is ascendant .
U.N . Ambassador Nikki Haley and Nauert are among the few women in the Trump administration with high-profile voices on foreign policy . Only three State Department officials - all men - now outrank Nauert , a former Fox News anchor who declined comment for this story .
Nauert 's meteoric rise comes even though just a week ago they seemed not long for the job . Then Tillerson lost his .
They were denied the kind of close access to the boss that all recent successful State Department press secretaries enjoyed . So Nauert tried to defend Trump 's top diplomat and explain their activities to reporters from around the world without being able to travel on any of Tillerson 's international trips or attend most of their Washington meetings .
Frustrated at being sidelined , Nauert almost quit several times . They had been telling associates they were ready to move on .
The moment that Trump canned Tillerson by tweet , Nauert was in a Hamas-built tunnel on the border near the Gaza Strip , on a tour organized by the Israeli military to show U.S. officials the smuggling routes used by militants . Caught by surprise by the move back in Washington , Nauert cut the tour short and returned to Jerusalem to deal with the crisis . Soon , Trump also fired the undersecretary of state who publicly defended Tillerson .
The president named Nauert to that suddenly vacant position , near the top of the hierarchy of American diplomacy .
Nauert told associates they were taken aback and recommended a colleague for the job . But when White House officials told them they wanted her , they accepted .
The new role gives Nauert responsibilities far beyond the regular news conferences they held in the briefing room . They are overseeing the public diplomacy in Washington and all of the roughly 275 overseas U.S. embassies , consulates and other posts . They are in charge of the Global Engagement Center that fights extremist messaging from the Islamic State group and others . They can take a seat , if they want , on the Broadcasting Board of Governors that steers government broadcast networks such as Voice of America .
Less than a year ago , Nauert was n't even in government .
Nauert , who was born in Illinois , was a breaking news anchor on Trump 's favorite television show , `` Fox & Friends , '' when they were tapped to be the face and voice of the administration 's foreign policy . With a master 's degree from Columbia University 's Graduate School of Journalism , they had come to Fox from ABC News , where they were a general assignment reporter . They had n't specialized in foreign policy or international relations .
It was almost clear from the start that Nauert was n't Tillerson 's first choice .
They resisted the ex-oilman 's efforts to limit press access , reduce briefings and limit journalists allowed to travel with him . Tillerson had preferred Genevieve Wood at the conservative Heritage Foundation , according to several individuals familiar with the matter who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were n't authorized to publicly discuss Tillerson 's personnel decisions .
When Nauert arrived at the State Department in April 2017 , they found relations between Tillerson and the diplomatic press corps in crisis . No longer were there daily briefings that had been a State Department feature for decades . Journalists accustomed to traveling with Republican and Democratic secretaries for decades found they were blocked from Tillerson 's plane . Department spokespeople had no regular access to Tillerson or their top advisers .
Shut out from the top , Nauert developed relationships with career diplomats . Barred from traveling with Tillerson , they embarked on their own overseas trips , visiting Bangladesh and Myanmar last year to see the plight of Rohingya Muslims , and then Israel after a planned stop in Syria was scrapped . Limited to two briefings a week , they began hosting a program called `` The Readout '' on State Department social media outlets in which they interviewed senior officials about topics of the day .
All the while , they stayed in the good graces of the White House , even as Tillerson was increasingly on the outs . White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders described Nauert as `` a team player '' and `` a strong asset for the administration . ''
And they did n't shy from taking on foreign foes .
`` The idea that Russia is calling for a so-called humanitarian corridor , I want to be clear , is a joke , '' Nauert said at one recent briefing where they took Moscow to task for its actions in Syria , where it has used military power to support President Bashar Assad 's government .
Such comments have earned them the wrath of Kremlin officials and state-run media . Faced with pointed questioning by reporters from Russian news outlets at their briefings , Nauert often has lashed out , accusing them of working for their government .
`` You 're from Russian TV , too . OK . So hey , enough said then . I 'll move on , '' Nauert told a reporter last month after Russian President Vladimir Putin presented an animated film clip showing a missile headed toward the U.S .
The comment sparked an intercontinental war-of-spokespersons .
`` If the StateDept dares to shun our journalists alongside with calling them Russian journalists one more time , we will carry our promise . We will create special seats for so called 'US journalists , ' '' Russian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova tweeted .
It did n't end there .
First , the Russian Embassy in Washington congratulated Nauert `` and , of course , all female employees '' of the State Department on International Women 's Day . Nauert responded with gratitude and a dig , saying Moscow should use the day to `` live up to its international commitments & stop bombing innocent men , women & children in # Syria . ''
___
This story has been corrected to show that only Nauert , not the entire delegation , cut the trip short after Tillerson 's firing .
Liberty gets stylish new bandages every two weeks , at each vet visit , as they recover . Christi Fauver Courtesy
Partick Thistle remain the only side not to take any league points from Rangers this season after Saturday 's 2-0 defeat at Ibrox .
And in truth they rarely looked like breaking their duck as their eight-game unbeaten Premiership run came to an end .
In the end only some fine saves by Tomas Cerny prevented Jags going down by an
even heavier matging .
After an opening half-hour which was lacklustre to say the least Rangers gradually began to threaten and Jon Toral had a netbound strike booted clear by Mustapha Dumbuya .
Only a fine stop by Cerny kept out a powerful Danny Wilson header , but the Thistle keeper had no chance when the home side made the breakthrough after 39 minutes .
James Tavernier whipped in a terrific ball from the right for Kenny Miller to send a header thudding off the turf and back across Cerny into the corner of the net .
Thistle 's only real opening came when Ryan Edwards got into the Rangers box after a Barrie McKay blunder but the angle was too tight to squeeze a shot past Wes Foderingham .
Rangers doubled their advantage nine minutes after the break , Toral steering the ball home after being superbly set up by Emerson Hyndman .
Cerny had to produce two fine diving saves low to their left to keep out shots from Martyn Waghorn and Miller before blocking an Andy Halliday strike and acrobatically tipping over an admittedly offisde Joe Garner 's rebound effort .
Physicists from Friedrich-Alexander-Universität Erlangen-Nürnberg ( FAU ) and Deutsches Elektronen-Synchrotron ( DESY , Hamburg ) have come up with a method that could significantly improve the quality of X-ray images in comparison to conventional methods . Incoherent diffractive imaging ( IDI ) could help to image individual atoms in nanocrystals or molecules faster and with a much higher resolution .
For more than 100 years , X-rays have been used in crystallography to determine the structure of molecules . At the heart of the method are the principles of diffraction and superposition , to which all waves are subject : Light waves consisting of photons are deflected by the atoms in the crystal and overlap - like water waves generated by obstacles in a slowly flowing stream . If a sufficient number of these photons can be measured with a detector , a characteristic diffraction pattern or wave pattern is obtained from which the atomic structure of the crystal can be derived . This requires that photons are scattered coherently , meaning that there is a clear phase relationship between incident and reflected photons . To stay with the water analogy , this corresponds to water waves that are deflected from the obstacles without vortexes or turbulences . If photon scattering is incoherent , the fixed phase relationship between the scattered photons disperses which makes it impossible to determine the arrangement of the atoms - just like in turbulent waters .
Coherent imaging has some shortcomings
But coherent diffractive imaging also has a problem : 'With X-ray light , in most cases incoherent scattering dominates , for example in the form of fluorescence resulting from photon absorption and subsequent emission , ' explains Anton Classen , member of the FAU working group Quantum Optics and Quantum Information . 'This creates a diffuse background that can not be used for coherent imaging and reduces the reproduction fidelity of coherent methods . '
Making use of incoherent radiation
It is exactly this seemingly undesirable incoherent radiation that is key to the FAU researchers ' novel imaging technique . 'In our method , the incoherently scattered X-ray photons are not recorded over a longer period of time , but in time-resolved short snapshots , ' explains Professor Joachim von Zanthier . 'When analysing the snapshots individually , the information about the arrangement of the atoms can be obtained . ' The trick is that the light diffraction is still coherent within short sequences . However , this is only possible with extremely short X-ray flashes with durations of no more than a few femtoseconds - that is , a few quadrillionths of a second - which has only been achieved recently using free-electron lasers like the European XFEL in Hamburg or the Linac Coherent Light Source ( LCLS ) in California .
Visualising single molecules is possible
Since the new method uses fluorescence light , a much stronger signal than before can be obtained , which is also scattered to significantly larger angles gaining more detailed spatial information . In addition , filters can be used to measure the light of specific atomic species only . This makes it possible to determine the position of individual atoms in molecules and proteins with a significantly higher resolution compared to coherent imaging using X-ray light of the same wavelength . This method could give new impetus to the study of proteins in structural biology and medicine .
# # #
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
OKLAHOMA CITY , Okla. - Employees of an Oklahoma City Taco Bell called police early Tuesday morning to report a woman who was chasing them around the store with what they thought was a crowbar .
They said the woman was threatening them and demanding money , as they allegedly destroyed the cash registers with the weapon , according to KFOR .
52-year-old Zette Madden also walked around the building smashing the glass in entrance doors and the drive-thru window as well as the drive-thru menu , causing thousands of dollars in damages , police said .
When Officer Phillip Paz arrived at the Taco Bell , police body cam video captured Madden standing on the other side of the smashed glass .
Paz told Madden seven times to drop the weapon , which they then identified as a tire iron .
A large baseball-sized rock was also seen on the floor next to Madden .
Madden ignored their repeated demands , opened the shattered glass door , then yelled out `` I come in here and spend hundreds of dollars , but the ( expletive ) '' - the officer did n't give them a chance to finish their sentence , writing in their report they used their taser because they feared Madden would again turn back to threaten employees .
After being tased , Madden was cooperative and transported to a local hospital to treat the cuts on their hands from broken glass .
Taco Bell employees have dealt with Madden in the past , saying they trespassed inside the restaurant and allegedly tried to steal soda .
Madden remains in the Oklahoma County Jail on charges of malicious injury and destruction of property , robbery in the first degree and robbery with a dangerous weapon .
DENVER ( AP ) — This was the way the Denver Broncos thought they 'd play against that other New York team all those months ago .
“ This is the kind of game we expected to play against everyone , not just New York , ” Shane Ray said after the Broncos snapped their longest losing streak since joining the NFL in 1970 with a 23-0 shutout of the Jets on Sunday . “ Everybody that we play , we should beat them like this . Period . We just have n't been able to find that formula . ”
Until Sunday .
Their skid began with a shocking 23-10 loss at home to the then-winless Giants , one of seven double-digit losses during a losing streak that cost offensive coordinator Mike McCoy their job and put rookie head coach Vance Joseph on the hot seat .
It was the Broncos ' first win in 70 days .
“ It feels like 100 years , ” declared quarterback Trevor Siemian , who hooked up with Demaryius Thomas eight times for 93 yards and a touchdown as the Broncos ( 4-9 ) avoided tying their franchise futility record of nine consecutive losses set way back in 1967 .
The all-round dominance left Joseph wondering where that team had been .
“ Somewhat , but we knew if we played clean football , it could look like that , ” Joseph said . “ … Our defense can be a difference if we 're in the football game . ”
Of the 480 minutes of game clocking during their eight-game losing streak , the Broncos had led a mere 12 minutes , 36 seconds and they came into the game with 16 more turnovers than takeaways . They were plus-2 Sunday .
The Broncos ' first shutout since Nov. 20 , 2005 , a 27-0 win over the Jets , was fueled by a defense that held the Jets in check all afternoon .
Coming off a big win over the Chiefs in which they scored 38 points and had over 500 yards of offense , the Jets ( 5-8 ) were limited to just 100 yards — 59 on the ground and 41 through the air — by a defense missing injured linemen Domata Peko and Derek Wolfe .
Jets quarterback Josh McCown was knocked from the game twice by hard hits , including a clean shot by Ray in the third quarter that left McCown with a broken left hand and fighting back tears at the postgame podium .
McCown finished just 6 of 12 for 46 yards , and their replacement , Bryce Petty was 2 of 9 for 14 yards .
After Denver 's opening drive resulted in a 31-yard field goal by Brandon McManus , Denver 's defense took over . On the Jets ' third snap of their first possession , linebacker Brandon Marshall sliced through for a strip sack and defensive end Adam Gotsis recovered McCown 's fumble at the Jets 20-yard line .
Two plays later , Siemian hit Thomas for the 20-yard score , giving Denver its first double-digit lead since Oct. 1 against Oakland , the date of their last victory .
McManus added a 53-yarder just before halftime that gave the Broncos a 13-0 lead heading into the locker room , and fullback Andy Janovich bulled their way in from the 1 to make it 20-0 before McManus capped the scoring with a 40-yard field goal .
“ I do n't know what happened , ” Jets tight end Austin Seferian-Jenkins said after catching just one pass for a single yard . “ This week , we were the worst offense . We played terrible . We did n't do our jobs . It was embarrassing , frustrating and it 's on all of us . I do n't know what to say . ”
Down the hallway , the Broncos finally had something to celebrate .
“ It 's been a long time coming , ” Aqib Talib said . “ We were due for a win . We ai n't THAT bad . ”
MOVIN ' ON UP : Thomas ' TD catch was the 56th of their career , surpassing Hall of Fame tight end Shannon Sharpe for second in franchise history . Wide receiver Rod Smith 's 68 TD receptions are the most all-time .
“ I challenged our guys last night , all of our team leaders to play better football . And they came out and they played inspired football , ” Joseph said of Thomas , who received a game ball , as did the entire defense .
TERRIFIC TAYLOR : The Broncos finally benched rookie punt returner Isaiah McKenzie for good after they returned from their first benching last week only to fumble for the sixth time , this one for a safety in a loss at Miami .
So , they went back to Jordan Taylor , who had done nothing wrong for two weeks to get supplanted by McKenzie , and they rewarded them by returning five punts for 62 yards Sunday , an average of 12.4 yards .
That helped give the Broncos great field position all afternoon .
“ Aside from D.T. , Jordan Taylor 's the MVP of the game , ” Siemian said .
INJURIES : Jets running back Elijah McGuire ( ankle ) and long snapper Thomas Hennessy ( head ) were knocked out of the game in the first half .
The Broncos lost starting safety Justin Simmons to an ankle injury in the first quarter and they were replaced by Will Parks . Inside linebacker Todd Davis was evaluated for a possible concussion in the fourth quarter , and safety Jamal Carter ( left shoulder ) also was knocked from the game .
___
Follow Arnie Melendrez Stapleton on Twitter : http : //twitter.com/arniestapleton
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Looks good , feel good , play good .
Goalies love their masks , and when Attack net-minder Olivier Lafreniere returned from injury they were sporting a colourful new head protector .
They were wearing it on Friday night while backstopping the Attack to a 6-4 win over the Guelph Storm at the Sleeman Centre .
“ It turned out marvellous , ” the goalie said about the Batman inspired cage following a 2-1 win over the Guelph Storm last Saturday in Owen Sound . “ Well I ca n't really say MARVEL-llous , since it 's DC characters , but . . . the helmet was clutch for me . ”
The mask was designed and painted by Brian Shott of BMFSDesigns . The Batman-themed cage was inspired by Lafreniere 's love of the comic books and superheroes .
“ We broke the concept of the mask out with heroes on one side , and villains on the other , ” Shott said . “ On the chin , Olivier wanted a Batman logo which we tied Olivier 's nickname into . ”
Shott , who has only been painting masks for four years , part-time , has extended their client list to include goaltenders from USPORT hockey all the way to European professional leagues .
They say each mask is different , but they normally take between 20 and 30 hours to complete from start to finish .
The top of the mask is a large Attack logo , Shott said they wanted to be visible from a distance , but the backplate they gave Lafreniere full control over .
“ That 's usually where the personal stuff goes for goalies , so I just try to tie in all the ideas with the rest of the mask , ” said Shott .
Lafreniere 's backplate features a large red maple leaf merged with the Fleur-de-lis , a nod to their heritage , surrounded by personal family mementos .
Shott painted Lafreniere 's mask with the Ottawa 67 's as well . That bucket was Spider-Man themed and was the culmination of a lifelong obsession .
As a kid , their first ever painted masked was of the Marvel Comics superhero . So , when they made it to Major Junior where custom paint jobs are commonplace , they paid homage .
The Spider-Man mask , which they wore briefly with the Attack after coming over in a trade , featured the characters Venom and Carnage as well .
The new mask has Batman , Robin , the Joker and Harley Quinn , and if you look closely , a spotlight in the sky with the Attack 's logo silhouetted - a play on Batman 's famous call sign .
“ Maybe it 's a little good luck charm from now on , ” said Lafreniere .
Nick Suzuki must be feeling lucky .
Since being reunited with line mates Kevin Hancock and Jonah Gadjovich the trio has been playing big minutes against top competition , and fairing well .
Suzuki opened up the scoring against the Storm at 5:58 of the first period on a give-and-go play with Hancock .
The assist made it 11 points in 10 games for Hancock since returning from a hand injury on January 11 .
Just over a minute later , following a Guelph delay of game penalty , the Attack 's Belarusian national Maksim Sushko scored their 23rd of the season .
The Attack came into the game three points behind the Storm in the Western Conference , and the Storm showed why in the second period .
Mark Wooley 's second of the year got the Storm on the board at 6:32 , Tag Bertuzzi looked like they evened it up minutes later , the goal light went on , but the officials determined - after a review - the puck never crossed the goal line .
As the second period was winding down Aidan Dudas , who put on a show at the Sleeman Centre during the Top Prospects game , was at it again .
Dudas toe-dragged the puck around Wooley and dropped to one knee while wiring a shot into the top of the net .
Storm goaltender Anthony Popovich barely flinched before Dudas was into their celebration .
The two teams headed into the locker rooms at the second intermission with the Attack outshooting the Storm 31-19 and leading 3-1 .
Maksim Sushko and Dudas combined for the Attack 's fourth goal of the game early in the third . The dynamic-duo played a little tic-tac-toe before Dudas capped it off , their second goal of the game and 23rd of the season .
Just as it looked like the Attack would roll on to victory , a shorthanded two-on-one featuring Dmitri Samorukov and Liam Hawel resulted in Hawel scoring their eighth of the year .
Isaac Ratcliffe 's 28th on the season cut the Attack 's three-goal lead to just one in the span of 41 seconds .
The Attack , willing the seconds off the clock as they bent under near-constant pressure from the Storm , gave up the lead with less than five minutes on the clock . Alexey Toropchenko 's ninth of the year tied the game .
Owen Sound giving up a third-period lead has happened before , more than a few times this season .
What happened next was a first .
The Attack 's 16-year-old rookie defender , Igor Chibrikov , forced into rare third-period minutes after an injury to Jacob Friend moments earlier , scored the game winner with 2:48 left on the clock .
The biggest goal of their young hockey career , and arguably the biggest goal of the Attack 's season to date , propelled the team to victory .
Hancock scored an empty netter to seal the win .
As a result , Owen Sound jumps ahead of the Windsor Spitfires and into seventh place in the Western Conference , one point back of the Storm for sixth .
Ethan Szypula played in their 300th game as a member of the Attack on Friday .
Barring injury , Szypula will finish the season second all-time in games played for the franchise .
Lafreniere stopped 25 of 29 shots while Popovich got in front of 36 of the Attack 's 41 chances .
The Attack return home on Saturday to take on the Midwest-leading Kitchener Rangers . It will be the eighth and final game of the season between the two division rivals . The Rangers have won four games out of seven , puck drop is 7:30 p.m. at the Harry Lumley Bayshore Community Centre .
gcowan @ postmedia.com
@ GregCowanST
SAN DIEGO – Firefighters extinguished a small brush fire alongside northbound Interstate 805 , near Kearny Villa Road in Serra Mesa , according to the California Highway Patrol .
Two lanes on the freeway were closed due to the blaze , the CHP reports .
The fire was contained to less than an acre .
On Wednesday morning , NASA rewarded five members of the public — two doctors , a dentist , an engineer and a product designer — for their creative ideas for how to poop in a spacesuit .
Yes , it sounds a little bit funny . But unmet toilet needs could have life or death consequences for an astronaut in an emergency situation .
That 's why thousands of people spent tens of thousands of hours on the `` Space Poop Challenge , '' brainstorming , modeling , prototyping and number-crunching to come up with a crowd-sourced solution to the problem of human waste in a spacesuit .
Currently , astronauts on spacewalks rely on diapers , which is a feasible solution for only a few hours at a time . As we explained in November , NASA is imagining a situation where an astronaut is stuck in a spacesuit for days — like during an emergency on future Orion missions , which will take astronauts far from Earth .
The super-portable-bathroom solution had to work quickly easily , in micro-gravity , without impeding movement , for both men and women , for solid and liquid waste . It could either store waste in the suit , or expel it . And it had to be comfortable .
Since the project launched on the HeroX crowdsourcing site back in October , nearly 20,000 people , from all over the world , submitted more than 5,000 ideas . They were competing for a total of $ 30,000 in prizes .
The winning solution came from Thatcher Cardon , an Air Force officer , family practice physician and flight surgeon . They say their design was inspired by minimally invasive surgical techniques — and a strong desire not to store the poop .
`` I never thought that keeping the waste in the suit would be any good , '' they told NPR . `` So I thought , 'How can we get in and out of the suit easily ? ' ``
`` I thought about what I know regarding less invasive surgeries like laparoscopy or arthroscopy or even endovascular techniques they use in cardiology — they can do some amazing things in very small openings .
`` I mean , they can even replace heart valves now through catheters in an artery . So it should be able to handle a little bit of poop ! ''
They designed a small airlock at the crotch of the suit , with a variety of items — including inflatable bedpans and diapers — that could be passed through the small opening and then expanded . Their design even allows an astronaut to change underwear while inside the spacesuit , through the same small opening .
Cardon used an old flight suit to try some physical proto-typing , and their kids helped gather supplies . They were `` totally excited , '' they say . `` They lost their minds when I told them I won . ''
Second place went to a trio from Houston — a physician , an engineering professor and a dentist ( who also served as the team 's illustrator ) . All three had studied chemical engineering in college .
Stacey Louie , the environmental engineer on the team , said the different areas of expertise on the team were central to their solution . But before they fine-tuned their design , they had to discard a lot of ideas .
For instance , doctor and team leader Jose Gonzales says that they immediately thought of some medicine-inspired strategies that would be effective — but not at all comfortable .
`` You have to take into consideration , 'Is the astronaut going to be OK with this design ? ' `` Katherine Kin , the dentist and artist , notes . `` You have to have something that 's psychologically comfortable . ''
So internal catheters were out . Instead , Gonzales says , they used an air-powered system to push waste away from the body to store it elsewhere in the suit . `` More specifically , that air is created by passive and active normal body movements of the astronaut , '' Gonzales says .
A product designer from the U.K. , Hugo Shelley , placed third . They usually work with electronics and tech products , but they say for this contest , they went in the other direction — and tried to build a solution with as few electronic parts as possible .
`` I think we 're all aware of the dangers of things going wrong in space , '' they say . A simple design seemed safer , they say .
`` My mother 's a textile designer so I think I started off really thinking about materials , '' they say . `` Making something as comfortable as possible I thought was fairly important ... a lot of your mechanism really has to be in , effectively , the first few millimeters away from the skin . ''
Their solution , the `` SWIMSuit - Zero Gravity Underwear , '' disinfects and stores waste inside the suit , like the second-place design does .
Cardon won $ 15,000 , while the trio from Houston took home $ 10,000 and Shelley netted $ 5,000 .
The next step is for NASA to start prototyping the ideas , and get working versions of a waste-management system up to the International Space Station for testing .
Dustin Gohmert , the Orion crew survival system project manager at NASA , explains that NASA will combine existing ideas with elements of the winning designs to create a solution that will , indeed , go into space .
`` Optimistically this will never be used , because it is a contingency scenario that something catastrophic has happened , '' they said . `` But this will be on Orion and should something happen , and should it be called on to save the crew , this will be there and at their disposal . ''
Shelley , the product designer , notes that research on how to improve waste management inside a spacesuit could also be useful in `` earth-bound applications '' — for people with incontinence or in high-pressure , critical job situations .
And while it was `` kind of odd '' to think about poop in space for weeks at a time , they say the project was `` quite exciting . ''
`` Yes , it 's an amusing thing to think about , but still it 's a part of a spacesuit — and there 's something incredibly thrilling about the space missions , '' they say .
And , they note , `` you ca n't fully appreciate being an interplanetary explorer if you 've constantly got to use the bathroom and you ca n't . ''
Bella Thorne has crushes on Demi Lovato , Kristen Stewart and Camila Cabello .
The 19-year-old actor - who came out as bisexual last year - revealed they have the hots for a number of famous women and would love to date them .
They told Stylecaster.com : `` Demi Lovato . That 's an obvious one . I love Demi . We 're close . She 's amazing , just such a beautiful person inside and out . Love everything they stand for .
`` Kristen Stewart . I 'm like , 'Please . ' She 's so hot . Oh . My . God . You put on those f * * king Converse , girl . You put on that rock shirt , and you come to mommy . I literally love Kristen Stewart .
`` Who else is super-hot ? Oh , Camila Cabello . I think she 's so hot . I just saw them at a party the other night , but they were with a guy , so I was n't gon na hit on them because they were with a date . ''
However , Bella admitted that they find it easier to date men than women because they never knows if women are into them or not .
They explained : `` It 's so hard . I ca n't tell if a girl is trying to be best friends with me or if they want to get with me or if they just wants social media followers . I 'm just so confused when a girl talks to me . Girls can be very flirtatious , so I do n't want to make a move , and then you be like , 'Whoa , girl . Not what I was thinking , I do n't roll that way ' .
`` Then it 's so awkward . So I end up usually dating more guys , because with guys , I know if a guy 's hitting me up . They 're not just texting me to be my bestie . I know they want something , of some sort .
`` I have this girl that 's always , like , 'OMG , you 're so gorgeous , ' and she 's always hitting on me , and I 'm like , I do n't know . I do n't want to make a move and then you 're , like , 'Oh , I 'm not gay , ' and then I 'm , like , Oh , this is so awkward . Now you feel like I just ruined our friendship because it 's just too weird . ''
And Bella also claims that most girls they know are only interested in hooking up because they are not out as lesbian or bisexual .
PERTH Scorchers won the toss and will bat first against the Sydney Sixers in Sunday 's WBBL final at Adelaide Oval .
The Scorchers are seeking their first WBBL title , after losing to the Sixers in last year 's decider .
Ellyse Perry 's Sixers named an unchanged side from that which defeated the Adelaide Strikers in the semi-finals .
The Scorchers have kept the faith in their triumphant semi-final team , who accounted for the Sydney Thunder .
The final , played ahead of the men 's BBL title match later this afternoon , will be played in forecast temperatures of 35 degrees .
Sydney Sixers : Ellyse Perry ( cart ) , Alyssa Healy , Ashleigh Gardner , Erin Burns , Sara McGlashan , Amy Jones , Angela Reakes , Sarah Aley , Lauren Smith , Sarah Coyte , Kim Garth .
Perth Scorchers : Elyse Villani ( cart ) , Nicole Bolton , Megan Banting , Natalie Sciver , Heather Graham , Katherine Brunt , Lauren Ebsary , Thamsyn Newton , Piepa Cleary , Emma King , Emily Smith .
Oklahoma City police took two men into custody after a deadly stabbing and multiple vehicle accidents .
BEIRUT ( AP ) - Syrian Kurdish official : War with Turkey enters `` new phase '' after its troops enter Afrin .
The Nike Golf unit of Nike Inc. said it inked a “ multiyear contract ” with Jason Day – for an undisclosed sum .
The Australian native is ranked number one in the world . “ The agreement covers footwear , apparel , headwear and gloves , ” Nike said in a statement . “ Day will first wear Nike this week at the Tournament of Champions in Kapalua , Hawaii . ”
Day described the deal as “ a dream come true . ”
“ The brand is synonymous with the world 's best athletes , ” Day said . “ I 'm honored and ca n't wait to be part of the team and working closely with Nike to take my game , and the sport of golf , to even higher levels . ”
In their professional career , Day garnered 10 PGA Tour titles as well as 57 top-10 finishes . “ When he 's not on the course , Day enjoys spending time at home with their family in Ohio , where they and their wife Ellie have established the Brighter Days Foundation , which benefits local charities , ” Nike added . Day 's professional career launched in 2006 .
For their part , 29-year-old Day is at peak performance . Nike officials said that Day “ closed 2015 with four wins in their final seven starts , including their first major title with a record-breaking 20-under-par performance at the PGA Championship . ”
“ That momentum carried over into 2016 , with Day notching three wins – including coveted titles at the Arnold Palmer Invitational , the WGC-Dell Match Play and The Players Championship , ” the sports brand noted .
Daric Ashford , president of Nike Golf , described Day as “ an incredible player who has demonstrated tremendous work ethic and amazing resilience over the course of their career . We 're excited to help them chase more championships in the coming years . ”
In its most recent quarterly report , Mark Parker , Nike 's chairperson , president and chief executive officer , said the company is looking to grow the activewear brand via an “ hyper-focusing ” appproach to the market and its products .
The ceo told investors that this involved responding to market demand “ by giving the consumer more distinctive options with fewer products , what we call an effort to amplify . ”
Trelawn Parkway , Clare Avenue , Northgate Drive , and Idylwood Road will see partial depth reconstruction , curb and sidewalk repairs , and new base and surface asphalt work carried out this summer .
Welland council approved the work , to cost nearly $ 1.4 million , at its meeting Tuesday night .
Ward 4 Coun . Tony Dimarco said residents in those areas will be happy to see the work carried out .
“ There are some roads missing from this though , ” they added .
The budget for the work was originally set at $ 1.15 million , and the city will cover the shortfall , some $ 238,000 , through a capital surplus account . The shortfall comes through contract administration and HST fees .
The contract was award to Brennan Paving Ltd. , of Port Colborne , and the work will be carried out until mid-July .
Work on Trelawn Parkway will be from Woodlawn Road to Page Drive ; Clare Avenue will see work carried out from Woodlawn Road to Heritage Drive ; Northgate Drive work will be in the north end cul-de-sac ; and Idylwood Road work will be between Pinehurst Drive to north and south .
TAMPA , Fla. ( AP ) — With the clock running down in a tie game , the Detroit Lions did n't have any qualms about the ball being in Matthew Stafford 's injured throwing hand .
They 've come to expect their quarterback to find a way to lead them to victory in those situations , and Stafford did n't disappoint Sunday , when they threw for 381 yards and set up Matt Prater for a 46-yard field goal in the closing seconds to beat the Tampa Bay Buccaneers 24-21 .
The victory stopped a two-game skid and kept the Lions ( 7-6 ) in playoff contention with three games remaining .
“ I just think we have a lot of confidence . I think guys that have been around here have understood that sometimes that 's the way the game boils down . We go out there and make plays , ” Stafford said after directing a winning drive in the fourth quarter or overtime for the 32nd time in their career .
“ When you have success , it breeds confidence , ” they added , “ Frankly , there 's been some times this year where we have n't been successful in those situations , some really close calls in some other games . It feels good to get back out there and have a two-minute drive , go down there and win the game . ”
Stafford made their 109th consecutive start despite being limited in practice after their right hand was stepped on during the previous week at Baltimore . They completed 36 of 44 attempts against the Bucs ( 4-9 ) , and the Lions overcame two interceptions and a fumble to stay alive for a playoff spot .
Jameis Winston rallied Tampa Bay , which has lost eight of 10 following a 2-1 start , with a pair of fourth-quarter TD passes . But once again , the Bucs ' defense could n't hold off an opponent down the stretch .
A week ago , the Bucs led by a field goal in the closing minutes of regulation before losing 26-20 in overtime at Green Bay .
“ This team is always going to fight . We 've just got to learn how to come out on the other side of these things , ” Tampa Bay defensive tackle Gerald McCoy said .
“ We fought back last week . We fought back this week , ” McCoy , who left the game in the opening half with a biceps injury . “ It 's a fine line between winning and losing . The fine line was a field goal today . ”
Stafford moved the Lions 49 yards in eight plays to set up Prater 's winning kick with 20 seconds left — the fourth winning drive he 's led this season .
“ Tough guy who heals quickly . It 's always been that way , ” Lions coach Jim Caldwell said . “ He 's a great leader . Did a tremendous out there for us under tough circumstances . … They threw the ball pretty well . I 'm sure it was n't easy , but they did a nice job . ”
Stafford threw a 5-yard TD pass to Golden Tate and Theo Riddick scored on runs of 2 and 18 yards to help the Lions take a 21-7 lead into the fourth quarter .
Winston , who threw two interceptions and lost a fumble , led a 75-yard drive that they finished with a 2-yard scoring pass to O.J . Howard and then used a 40-yard pass interference call against Detroit cornerback DJ Hayden to set a 2-yard TD throw to seldom-used offensive lineman Leonard Wester to make it 21-21 with eight minutes remaining .
Winston completed 26 of 38 passes for 285 yards . Their fumble led to Riddick 's second TD run . Tampa Bay finished with five turnovers , and Winston was sacked three times .
The loss ensures the Bucs , who have n't made the playoffs since 2007 , will finish with a losing record . The team entered this season with heightened expectations after going 9-7 in their first year under coach Dirk Koetter , who now finds themselves deflecting questions about whether their relationship with Winston — the top pick in the 2015 draft — is deteriorating .
“ That 's obviously news to me . I think Jameis and I have an extremely consistent relationship for the last three years . I do n't think anything 's different about it , but that 's just my opinion , ” the coach added before shrugging off another question about if they were concern about speculation about a possible riff between the two .
“ It concerns me that we 're not winning enough games . That 's my biggest concern , ” Koetter said . “ I know the truth about our relationship . My big concern is our football team . ”
TOUGH GUY
Stafford 's streak of 109 consecutive starts is the third-longest among NFL quarterbacks behind Matt Ryan ( 128 ) and Philip Rivers ( 119 ) .
BAD CALL
It took two replay reviews for officials to get it right on a play initially ruled an incomplete pass and 15-yard penalty against the Lions for a hit on a defenseless receiver in the first half .
Officials first looked at Winston 's first-quarter completion to Howard , who fumbled after being hit in the shoulder by safety Quandre Diggs at Detroit 's 18-yard line . The Bucs retained possession when the play was ruled an incompletion and that a 15-yard penalty should be assessed from the spot of the previous play .
The Lions then successfully challenged the ruling of an incomplete pass . Following another review , referee Ed Hochuli announced Howard indeed caught the ball and took four steps before being hit , and the Lions were awarded the ball on the fumble recovery . There was no foul for the hit , which was legal .
INJURIES
Lions : Played without RT Rick Wagner ( ankle ) , who was inactive .
Buccaneers : DT Gerald McCoy left in the first half with a shoulder/biceps injury and did not return .
UP NEXT
Lions : Return home to face Chicago on Saturday .
Buccaneers : Begin a stretch of three consecutive games to end the season against NFC South rivals , hosting Atlanta next Monday night .
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The U.S. shed 33,000 jobs in September because of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma , which closed thousands of businesses in Texas and Florida and forced widespread evacuations . It was the first decline in nearly seven years .
The unemployment rate fell to 4.2 percent from 4.4 percent , the Labor Department said Friday , the lowest level since February 2001 .
Looking past the hurricanes ' impact , the job market and economy generally look healthy . Job growth is likely to rebound in the coming months as businesses in the area reopen and construction companies ramp up repair and renovation work .
Last month 's drop was driven by huge losses in restaurants and bars , which shed 105,000 jobs , a sign of the damage to Florida 's tourism industry .
Roughly 1.5 million people were unable to work last month because of the weather , the government said , the most in 20 years .
Hourly workers who could n't work and missed a paycheck were counted as not working , which lowered September 's job totals . That 's true even if those employees returned to work after the storm passed .
The unemployment rate fell because it is calculated with a separate survey of households . That survey counted people as employed even if they were temporarily off work because of the storms .
As a result , the drop in the jobless rate is a sign the job market improved outside hurricane-hit areas . The proportion of adults with jobs rose to 60.4 percent , the highest since January 2009 .
Average hourly wages rose 2.9 percent from a year earlier , a solid gain . But the government said that figure was artificially inflated by the loss of so many lower-paid workers in hurricane-hit areas .
More than 11 million people had been employed in the 87 counties in Texas and Florida that were declared disaster areas , the government says . That 's equal to about 7.7 percent of the nation 's workforce .
Other recent indicators point to a solid economy and job market .
On Wednesday , a survey of services firms — covering restaurants , construction companies , retail stores , banks and others — found that they expanded in September at their fastest monthly pace since 2005 . That followed a survey of manufacturers , which found an equally strong gain . Factory activity expanded at the fastest pace in more than 13 years .
There are signs that a rebound from the hurricanes is already boosting the economy . Auto sales , which had been lackluster this year , jumped 6.1 percent to more than 1.5 million in September from a year ago , according to Autodata Corp. , as Americans began to replace cars destroyed by the storms . That increase in purchases should soon lead automakers to step up production .
Harvey caused about $ 76 billion to $ 87 billion in economic losses , according to Moody 's Analytics , an economic consulting firm . The estimate includes damage to homes and businesses as well as lost business and economic output . That calculation would make Harvey the second-worst U.S. natural disaster , after Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
Irma will likely end up having caused $ 58 billion to $ 83 billion in economic losses , Moody 's forecasts . Maria , which hammered Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands , could cost $ 45 billion to $ 95 billion , though that is a preliminary estimate .
___
This story has been corrected to show that September 's job losses figure was the first decline in nearly seven years .
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Last Man Standing might get back on its feet after all .
CMT is in preliminary talks to revive the cancelled ABC sitcom , according to The Hollywood Reporter . It 's far from a done deal , as CMT has to find a way to produce the network show on a cable budget . But it 's not unprecedented , either : CMT picked up the country-music soap Nashville last year after ABC cancelled it , and the Hayden Panettiere-led drama is now CMT 's highest-rated original scripted series .
RELATEDLast Man Standing Cancelled : ‘ Stunned ' Tim Allen , ABC Boss Weigh In on Axing
ABC 's decision last month to axe Standing , which starred TV veteran Tim Allen as a conservative dad in a house full of women , was criticized by right-wing media as an attempt to silence conservative voices in a post-Trump world . Fans started online petitions to save the show and threatened to boycott ABC , and Allen themselves tweeted that they were “ stunned ” and “ blindsided ” by ABC 's decision to pull the plug .
CMT does seem like a natural home for Last Man Standing : The channel already airs syndicated reruns of the show , and has since 2015 .
Would you follow Last Man Standing from ABC to CMT ? Drop your thoughts in a comment below .
It seems that things are not going the way HTC wanted , as the company has reported a net loss of NT $ 3.1 billion ( $ 100 million ) , or NT $ 3.77 per share and on revenue of NT $ 22.2 billion ( $ 720 million ) in the fourth quarter ( October-December ) last year .
The operating profit of the company has also dipped to NT $ 3.6 billion ( $ 116.8 million ) with operating margin of -16.0 per cent .
`` I am pleased with the overall performance over the past year , with innovation triumphing in all of our focus product areas , widely recognised among customers and media alike , while we continue to enhance efficiencies across all key processes , '' said Cher Wang , Chairwoman and CEO of HTC . ''
SEE ALSO : Vodafone launches Vodafone Sakhi to empower rural women
They said , `` We have learned much from our entrance into the world of virtual reality , and we believe our focused approach to building the ecosystem is the right strategy to enable the whole industry to expand through the creation of compelling content and rich experiences , and that our HTC VIVE is at the forefront of that market . ''
`` HTC saw robust sales performance over the fourth quarter , with quarterly revenue improving sequentially over 2016 , while operating expenditure has been aggressively managed through enhanced resource realignment to deliver a 34 per cent cost reduction over the year , '' company said in a statement .
HTC also said that its virtual reality business is in the early stages but contributed very small amount to its sales .
ANKARA , Turkey ( AP ) — The Latest on Turkey 's referendum on presidential powers ( all times local ) :
1:30 p.m .
The European Union is calling on the Turkish authorities to launch “ transparent investigations ” into “ alleged irregularities ” during last weekend 's referendum on increased powers for the country 's presidency .
International election observers and opposition parties have reported numerous voting irregularities during the vote which President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan won by a narrow margin .
Advertisement
EU Commission spokesperson Margaritis Schinas said the EU was encouraging “ Turkey to move closer to the European Union again , and not to move even further and faster away from us . ”
Turkey 's prime minister on Tuesday called on the opposition to respect the result of a referendum that will give sweeping new powers to the office of the president .
___
12 p.m .
Turkey 's prime minister has called on the opposition to respect the result of a referendum that will expand the powers of the office of the president .
In an address to legislators from their ruling party on Tuesday , Binali Yildirim said the people had voted to switch from a parliamentary to a presidential system , adding : the “ opposition should not speak after the people have spoken . ”
An unofficial tally carried by the country 's state-run news agency gave President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan 's “ yes ” camp a narrow win .
Opposition parties called for the vote to be annulled because of a series of irregularities , particularly an electoral board decision to accept ballots that did n't bear official stamps , as required by Turkish law .
International monitors said the move undermined safeguards against fraud .
HOUSTON ( AP ) — Advocates for a Mexican journalist detained in a remote West Texas facility asked the U.S. government to grant them asylum instead of deporting them to a country where they believe he 'll be killed .
Emilio Gutierrez Soto fled to the United States a decade ago after articles they wrote alleging corruption in the Mexican military caused their name to end up on a hit list . Mexico is one of the world 's most dangerous places for journalism , likened to countries such as Syria and Iraq . At least 11 journalists have been killed in Mexico this year .
After coming within hours of possible deportation , Gutierrez , 54 , is now appealing that denial . The National Press Club and other press freedom advocates held an event Monday highlighting Gutierrez 's case and those of other reporters whose lives were in danger .
Speaking by phone from a U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement detention center in Sierra Blanca , Texas , Gutierrez accused Mexican leaders of being complicit in the violence of drug cartels and the murders of journalists , though they did not make specific allegations .
Advertisement
“ The biggest criminal organization is the government , ” Gutierrez said . “ I 'm afraid to take one step into Mexico . ”
The U.S. government historically rejects most asylum claims . Over a five-year period ending in September 2016 , the U.S. received about 267,000 asylum claims and granted 46,000 .
It has granted asylum in recent years to a number of Mexican journalists . But Eduardo Beckett , Gutierrez 's lawyer , accused the U.S. of turning a blind eye to corruption and violence in Mexico , and blamed the Trump administration for changing how it deals with asylum seekers .
“ There is no more humanity , ” Beckett said . “ The new tactic is , we 'll pressure you , we 'll keep you detained , in hopes you 'll give up . ”
Another Mexican journalist did just that earlier this year . After spending nearly four months in an immigration facility , reporter Martin Mendez Pineda returned to Mexico and went into hiding .
Mexico has created a federal protection program for journalists , with about 600 enrollees nationwide . But one reporter in the program was killed earlier this year , and others question whether the federal government has the power or the will to protect them . Meanwhile , high-profile killings have continued , including the death of Javier Valdez , a legendary reporter who covered drug trafficking in Sinaloa state .
Gutierrez worked for El Diario del Noroeste , a newspaper in the state of Chihuahua . They said their problems began after they wrote articles that alleged military forces were robbing and extorting local people in Chihuahua , which borders New Mexico and part of West Texas .
After receiving what their advocates called veiled threats , Gutierrez discovered their name had been placed on a hit list . So they fled north with their teenage son and entered the U.S. in 2008 , seeking asylum .
They spent seven months in detention before their release in January 2009 , while their application for asylum remained pending .
Beckett said that Gutierrez was no longer working in journalism while living in the West Texas border city of El Paso . Instead , they supported themselves by operating a food truck , Beckett said . Their son , now 24 , works in a restaurant . But while in the United States , Gutierrez heard from people back in Mexico that if they returned , they would end up like other journalists who were killed .
After nine years , a judge denied their asylum request in July , and the U.S. Board of Immigration Appeals dismissed their appeal in November .
Their advocates say they came close to being sent back to Mexico before the appeals board on Thursday issued a stay of their deportation .
The U.S. Department of Justice and the Mexican foreign affairs ministry did not return messages seeking comment Monday . ICE said in a statement that Gutierrez remains in the agency 's custody “ pending disposition of their immigration case . ”
___
Follow Nomaan Merchant on Twitter at @ nomaanmerchant . Associated Press reporter Christopher Sherman in Mexico City contributed to this report .
___
Sign up for the AP 's weekly newsletter showcasing our best reporting from the Midwest and Texas : —http : //apne.ws/2u1RMfv
A powerful thunderstorm has left a trail of downed trees and power lines in east-central Nebraska . The storm struck around 7 p.m. Tuesday , packing winds reaching 75 mph .
Authorities say a semitrailer was blown over north of Columbus , near Humphrey . A roof was reportedly blown off of a shed in Shelby , several trees were uprooted throughout the area , pivots were overturned between Utica and Tamora , grain bins recieved damaged from the high winds , tennis ball size hail hail was reported north of Atkinson and on the west side of Hastings and a house was damaged in Fairmont where a tree fell into the residence .
The Utica Volunteer Fire Department was dispatched to a house south of Utica to a report of a possible tornado . The property received structural damage to sheds and downed trees , but the residence was reportedly undamaged . According to the fire department , it 's believed high winds swept through the area and a tornado is unconfirmed .
Lisa Jacobsen with Perennial Power gives an update of power outages experienced in their service area last night .
Roughly 80 services were still without power this morning . Perennial encourages citizens to stay away from downed power lines or broken poles and contact their office immediately .
No injuries have been reported .
Ellis Hunt Citrus grower Lake Wales ( Photo : Provided )
Florida felt the full brunt of Hurricane Irma when it struck the state in September . It was the most destructive hurricane to hit Florida in decades .
Packing winds of more than 130 mph and causing widespread flooding , it struck at the heart of Florida 's agricultural industry , causing billions in losses to all areas of production , including citrus , its largest crop . While Florida oranges have long occupied iconic status in American life , if Congress does n't act , Florida 's agricultural industry , including its treasured citrus growers and the communities that depend on it , could mark the end of Florida orange production and the state 's vital agricultural sector .
Hurricane Irma caused enormous damage to Florida 's citrus growers . Of the $ 2.5 billion in damages inflicted by Irma on Florida 's agricultural industry , Florida 's orange crop suffered the most , at $ 760 million , according to Florida 's agriculture commissioner .
Compounding the struggles of Florida 's citrus growers , the storm struck just a few weeks before harvest , wiping out the crop in hardest-hit areas . Irma 's impact not only decimated more than half of this year 's orange crop , it also will affect future harvests . The latest crop of oranges from Florida 's growers was the lowest in 75 years .
It will take years for Florida agriculture and citrus growers to recover from Hurricane Irma 's catastrophic impact .
While Congress passed a relief package in October with emergency appropriations for damage from recent hurricanes and wildfires in Texas and California , Florida 's hard-hit agriculture producers and citrus growers were excluded from that aid package — even though promises were made by Congress that growers would receive assistance .
Emergency agriculture assistance is desperately needed by Florida 's farmers and ranchers . Farmers and growers are left with hefty expenses , but no income to repay their loans . Further , if farmers do not have the dollars to tend their crops now , there will not be a harvest next year either .
Everybody involved in Florida 's agriculture and citrus industry is suffering . I am one of a generation of growers who are an integral part of small communities like Arcadia , Frostproof , Immokalee , Wauchula , Felda , Clermont , Lake Wales , Clewiston , Avon Park and Sebring . These growers make up the backbone of the state 's citrus sector , which employs more than 45,000 people who plant , pick , fertilize and process the fruit that provides Americans with more than 60 percent of the country 's orange juice .
Yet there is still hope . The Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) issued a recommendation for another round of emergency funding to assist Florida 's agricultural sector . Congressional action on that advice creates a relief package that adequately addresses the damages faced by Florida 's diverse array of agricultural producers .
Florida 's agriculture sector and citrus growers must have financial support to rebuild their farms and groves , thereby keeping the industry in business .
Florida agriculture needs Congressional action because we can no longer wait for the relief we urgently need .
As Florida Rep. Tom Rooney , R-Okeechobee , whose district includes Charlotte County , so aptly stated , citrus is not just a crop , it is our way of life . And , without immediate help from Congress , that way of life may soon disappear .
Ellis Hunt is a third generation Florida citrus grower who runs Hunt Brothers Inc. in Lake Wales in Central Florida . They are also chairperson of the Florida Citrus Commission , which supports the citrus growers of Florida .
Read or Share this story : http : //www.naplesnews.com/story/opinion/contributors/2017/12/11/commentary-florida-growers-need-help-congress/938654001/
U.S dairy farmers already struggling with low milk prices worry President Donald Trump 's talk of renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement could harm trade to Mexico , its biggest export market .
About 15 percent of dairy production in the United States is exported with one-third valued at $ 1.2 billion going to Mexico in the form of milk powder , cheese and whey protein , according to the National Milk Producers Federation , which says trade with Mexico is its top priority . That 's nearly double the value exported to Canada , the country 's second biggest export market , according to the United States Department of Agriculture .
“ The income of dairy farmers , whether they 're in Vermont or California , depends heavily on our export to Mexico , ” said Jaime Castaneda , senior vice president responsible for domestic and international policy for the federation .
If just 1 , 2 or 3 percent of the exports were to come back to the United States , “ we would see a significant drop on overall prices , ” they said .
Far from the U.S.-Mexican border , trade is on the minds of dairy farmers in Vermont .
“ Mexico is our biggest destination for dairy and it 's not only dairy , ” said Fairfield farmer Harold Howrigan Jr. , of the U.S. trade partnership with Mexico . “ It 's corn and soy also that go down there so our huge trading partner and we need that market . ”
Howrigan is the board president of the St. Albans Cooperative Creamery . They made comments after meeting with Democratic U.S. Rep. Peter Welch last week .
U.S. dairy trade with Mexico has jumped by 558 percent since NAFTA 's implementation in 1994 , according to the U.S . Dairy Export Council .
Trump last week promised “ pleasant surprises ” from planned renegotiations of NAFTA , an agreement he 's called the worst deal in U.S. history . Trump has said NAFTA puts U.S. workers at a disadvantage .
Anything that happens that reduces the ability to trade products to Mexico will be troubling for dairy producers in the United States , said Scott Brown , a dairy economist with the University of Missouri .
“ Can we renegotiate and get a better NAFTA deal ? Only time will tell . Those trade agreements traditionally have taken a lot of time and effort to get everybody on the same page and we know we 've benefited tremendously on the NAFTA agreement that we have , ” Brown said .
Mexico has objected to Trump 's pledges to step up deportations , build a border wall and renegotiate NAFTA .
The National Milk Producers Federation and U.S . Dairy Export Council traveled to Mexico City in March to meet with Mexican dairy leaders to reinforce its commitment to continue working with that country .
“ We see Mexico as a partner , not necessarily as just a customer , ” Castaneda said .
Read more articles by
George Gigney
Do n't miss any action . Sign up for the free BN newsletter ( s ) here
DANNY JACOBS is training in Oakland , California in preparation for their highly anticipated clash with unified middleweight champion Gennady Golovkin on March 18 .
Golovkin will defend their WBA , WBC and IBF world titles against Jacobs , seen by most as the closest threat to ‘ GGG ” s 160lb throne at the moment , at Madison Square Garden in New York .
Jacobs has taken their camp to Virgil Hunter 's talent-packed gym in Oakland , and the 30-year-old believes they are reaping the benefits .
“ Having Andre Ward here in my camp is terrific . I have a great deal of respect for him , he 's a role model for me , we 've known each other since the amateurs . I greatly appreciate their support , ” they said .
“ It 's the biggest fight of my career so I have to make sacrifices by leaving home and coming here , there are too many distractions in New York . Being away adds to that motivation , it 's a sacrifice missing my 8-year-old son , but it makes me know that everything is worth it .
“ Being around so many world class fighters here at Virgil 's gym helps push me and focus . We have smart sparring sessions , not wars .
“ In addition to having Andre Rozier as my trainer , bringing aboard Chris Algieri was a great addition . He 's able to help with my nutrition plus he 's fought on the biggest stages in the biggest fights which helps me . ”
A fifth round stoppage loss to Dmitry Pirog in 2010 almost derailed Jacobs – a cancer survivor – and having been dropped by the relatively light-punching Sergio Mora in 2015 , some have questioned whether Danny can stand up to Golovkin 's monstrous power .
Although they acknowledge that they ca n't judge Golovkin 's strength until fight night , Jacobs is adamant that they can dish out some punishment of their own to the unbeaten Kazakh .
“ I 've been down twice in my career but I 'm but not worried about my chin . He 's a very strong guy but it 's up to me to prove I 'm quicker and better , ” they continued .
“ I do n't know how hard they punch , I 've never faced them but anybody can be hurt and I 'm confident in my power that I can hurt him . All the questions about my chin and heart will be answered on March 18 .
“ I 'm really a boxer , I 've just become known as a knockout artist with all my stoppages . ”
EDINBURG , Texas ( AP ) — Police in Texas acting on a tip found 17 immigrants locked inside a tractor-trailer parked at a gas station about 20 miles ( 30 kilometers ) from the border with Mexico .
Edinburg Assistant Police Chief Oscar Trevino tells KGBT-TV that the immigrants from Mexico , Honduras and other countries may have been locked inside the 18-wheeler for at least eight hours before being freed by officers in Edinburg late Sunday morning .
None of the people inside the tractor-trailer required medical attention . A man and woman who Trevino said are Cuban nationals were in charge of the rig and have been detained .
Edinburg police went to the gas station , a popular stopover for commercial truck drivers traveling through the region , after receiving an anonymous call from someone saying a relative was trapped inside the tractor-trailer with several others .
Officers began knocking on the sides of trailers parked at the station and eventually received return knocks from the one holding the immigrants , police said .
A spokesperson for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement says the agency is investigating the matter .
The discovery comes more than three weeks after 10 people died and several others were rescued from a sweltering rig parked at a Walmart in San Antonio . At least a dozen others were hospitalized . The driver of that rig remains in federal custody , charged with illegally transporting immigrants for financial gain , resulting in death .
The San Antonio incident demonstrated how smugglers regularly use big rigs as part of an elaborate network of foot guides , safe house operators and drivers . The immigrants discovered in San Antonio had been divided into groups and marked with color-coded tape . Six black SUVs were waiting at one transit point to take some on to their destinations .
Authorities have not said if similar arrangements had been made for the immigrants found in Edinburg , about 230 miles ( 370 kilometers ) south of San Antonio .
Tractor-trailers emerged as a popular smuggling method in the early 1990s amid a surge in U.S. border enforcement in San Diego and El Paso , Texas , which were then the busiest corridors for illegal crossings . Before that , people paid small fees to mom-and-pop operators to get them across a largely unguarded border . As crossing became exponentially more difficult after the 2001 terror strikes in the U.S. , migrants were led through more dangerous terrain and paid thousands of dollars more .
___
Information from : KGBT-TV , http : //www.valleycentral.com
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , written or redistributed .
Kochi : Principal Advisor to the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation ( DMRC ) , E. Sreedharan on Thursday said they are n't disappointed over not sharing the dais with Prime Minister Narendra Modi during the Kochi Metro 's inauguration ceremony on Saturday , and added that the security of Prime Minister Narendra Modi was paramount .
Popularly known as the 'Metro Man ' , Sreedharan was inspecting a newly constructed metro station in the city .
`` Do n't make it into controversy . The security of the Prime Minister is more important . We must follow what the security agency says . I am not at all disappointed , '' they said .
Reportedly , Sreedharan 's name does not feature in the list of dignitaries who will be on the dais when Prime Minister Modi inaugurates the Kochi Metro on Saturday .
The Kerala Government has written to the Prime Minister 's Office and urged it to reconsider the decision .
The state government gave a list of 17 people who it wanted to share the dais with the Prime Minister . The list included Sreedharan , Chennithala , Thomas and Chief Secretary Nailin Netto , among others .
However , as per the PMO 's release Governor P. Sathasivam , Union Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu , Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan , Kerala 's Transport Minister Thomas Chandy , local MP K.V . Thomas , and Kochi Mayor Soumini Jain will be attending the event .
Besides them , Prime Minister Modi and Union Minister Venkaiah Naidu are likely to address the function .
With an aim to expand its range in the country , second largest telecom service provider , Vodafone has launched its SuperNet 4G services in Goa and Chennai .
The company also recently announced its services in Tamil Nadu , Haldwani , Jalandhar and Mathura .
While announcing the launch of Vodafone SuperNet 4G service in Goa , Ashish Chandra , Business Head - Maharashtra & Goa Circle , Vodafone India said , `` as a steadfast partner to Digital India , we are delighted to launch Vodafone SuperNetTM 4G in Goa , which is one of the key markets for Vodafone India . ''
They further added , `` 4G has the potential to revolutionize the mobile experience through powerful innovation that impacts how we work and live.Beginning today , our customers in Goa can enjoy the world 's largest 4G network experience . We invite our data savvy customers in Goa to make the most of the bonanza of special benefits being offered to enjoy the best mobile internet experience . ''
SEE ALSO : Jio wishes happy Valentine 's Day to Airtel , Vodafone and Idea via a ( sarcastic ) tweet
Vodafone 's customers in both the states will get 2GB data free with every 4G SIM upgrade . Three-months access to Vodafone Play , Live TV , Movies , Videos & MusicBesides and 4G Mi-Fi that supports Wi-Fi connectivity for up to 15 devices .
The company 's says that SuperNetTM 4G coverage will be available in 2400 towns across 17 circles in the country by March 2017 and these 17 circles where Vodafone will offer 4G services contribute over 90 per cent of Vodafone India 's data revenues .
Vodafone also has invested Rs 7000+ crore in Tamil Nadu circle ( including Puducherry ) till date including Rs 350 crore in first half of financial year 17 to expand , modernize and build a more technology and energy efficient network .
Meanwhile , the company is in talks with Aditya Birla group 's Idea Celluar for a possible merger , which would create the country 's biggest telecom company , moving past the Bharti Airtel .
Click Here for New Smartphones Best Online Deals
Tuesday 's fifth season premiere of The 100 found our leading lady at rock bottom , then dumped even more despair onto them from above .
The first third of the episode was devoted solely to Clarke 's adventures on Earth 3.0 , including their heartbreaking journey to the rubble of Polis , where they began to think there might not actually be anything worth surviving for .
“ At first , they thought , ‘ All I have to do is get to my mom in Polis and then I can live out the next five years with them , ' then realized they can never get to them , ” showrunner Jason Rothenberg tells TVLine . ” She 's totally alone . Yes , they can survive , but she 's slowly beaten down to the point of wanting to [ end it all ] . I think it 's chill-inducing . Eliza 's so good in that moment where she 's screaming , essentially to God , about having nothing left . Only once she 's stripped totally bare can they sort of enter the promised land . ”
And enter it they did , albeit at the expense of a helpful bird 's life . It was there that they encountered young Madi , a fellow Nightblood , and quickly formed a mother-like bond . ( But not before setting Clarke in the path of a nasty bear trap . I 'll never walk in the forest again . ) Things took a turn for the worse , however , when the prisoner ship from the Season 4 finale finally landed , giving us a taste of the danger to come .
The premiere also took us into space , where we learned that while Monty 's cooking may not be improving , relations between the shipmates certainly are : Echo has helped strengthen Raven through training , Raven has nurtured the budding engineer in Emori , and Murphy — well , at least he 's been behaving themselves for the most part .
Of course , the episode 's biggest surprise came when Bellamy and Echo locked lips , revealing their new relationship to the viewers . That 's right , Bellamy is dating the very same Echo that tried to kill their sister last season . So it 's no wonder why they are n't thrilled about leaving the safety of them ship .
“ Nothing is going to change on the ground , ” Bellamy assured her. ” We 've kept each other alive . All of us . We 're family , and nothing can change that . ”
Bellamy and Echo may have started out as adversaries , “ but by the end of Season 4 , they had begun a journey towards understanding each other , ” Rothenberg explains . “ He recognized that they were going to need their strength up there … and it took a while . There were years before chemistry began and their angry passion became real passion . They ultimately learned a lot from each other . They shared each other 's knowledge , and eventually something romantic happened . You 're in space for six years , you look like you look — it 's inevitable , is n't it ? ”
The episode ended with a quick glimpse of the hellish shenanigans happening underground , where Octavia reigns — but that 's next week 's story .
Your thoughts on The 100 ‘ s fifth season premiere ? Bellamy and Echo as a couple ? Whatever 's on your mind , drop it in a comment below .
Two Florida women have been arrested after they were caught overdosing on heroin in a car with their infants in the back seat . Screenshot from Facebook
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WEST BRUNSWICK TOWNSHIP , Pa. -- A luncheon was held Wednesday to thank the coworkers who saved a woman 's life after they had a heart attack .
In November of last year , Michelle Gerstenfeld had a heart attack while they were at work .
`` I was working and I thought I pulled a muscle , and as the day went on and the hours went on , I got sicker , '' Gerstenfeld said .
They work at Seton Manor , a nursing home near Orwigsburg . When their co-workers realized what was happening , they raced to help .
`` She had already stopped breathing at that point , '' Seton Manor Director of Nursing Jackie Zaharis said . `` They started CPR . I called for the AED . The whole team just pulled together and we rotated . ''
They performed CPR on Michelle for two minutes and had to shock them with a defibrillator three times before they woke up . Paramedics said the staff 's actions saved them life .
`` They did a great job , '' Schuylkill County EMS paramedic Aaron Maidenford said . `` They made our job much easier . ''
Gerstenfeld wanted to thank their coworkers , so they held a luncheon .
`` I appreciate everything they did for me , '' Gerstenfeld said . `` They could have let me go , you know ? ''
Gerstenfeld went back to work two months after their heart attack . They feel lucky to have such great coworkers by them side .
`` I just want to thank them all , '' Gerstenfeld said . `` They did a great job . They might not think so because I 'm back , but I think so . ''
Schuylkill EMS staff recommends everyone take a CPR class just in case you ever need to help someone like Michelle .
WASHINGTON — With the addition of high tolls for solo drivers along Interstate 66 , one man is working to transplant the slugging culture that 's been part of Interstate 95 for decades .
Kalai Kandasamy not only has a free mobile slug lines app that they started last year to facilitate the form of ride-sharing , but he 's also started a I-66 Slug Lines Facebook group containing about 250 members .
They said people are using the app and Facebook group to coordinate rides . The newest slug line is from the Vienna Metro south kiss-and-ride parking lot to Foggy Bottom .
“ There are more calls for operating at different locations , ” they said .
To use the slugs , they said , drivers need to show up at the Vienna Metro south kiss-and-ride parking lot , where slugs will be lined up next to the bike racks . There drivers can pick a rider ( a slug ) or two .
Starting on Monday , the group is expecting about 250 people from the Facebook group to start lining up , so drivers and slugs can catch up with each other .
“ That is a change in culture , ” they said .
Kandasamy said slugging is different from carpooling or Uber because no money is exchanged . The deal with slugging is that the rider gets a free ride and the driver avoids paying the toll .
Slugging culture has its own set of rules and etiquette for riders and drivers . Most importantly , drivers should take two or more riders in order to provide a sense of safety for everyone .
Kandasamy has been part of the I-95 slugging culture for years , traveling from Woodbridge to D.C. each day for work . They said slugging has been part of the commute on I-95 between Northern Virginia and D.C. for more than four decades .
They want to help those who travel along I-66 avoid the tolls by bringing the slugging culture to them .
“ We can make magic happen , like in the I-95 corridor , where more than 10,000 people slug every single day to work , ” they said .
Kandasamy is also the administrator of a slug lines website .
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @ WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others .
© 2017 WTOP . All Rights Reserved .
GOING , GOING : A handbag offered by LVMH scion Delphine Arnault is set to go under the hammer at an upcoming charity sale in aid of breast cancer , organized by the Curie Institute in partnership with Paris-based auction houses Drouot and Art Valorem .
The daughter of luxury titan Bernard Arnault and executive vice president of Louis Vuitton is among some 50 personalities from the worlds of fashion , art , design and show business donating items for the sale which is scheduled to take place on Oct. 5 at the Hôtel Drouot . They include Bruno Frisoni , Philippe Starck , Guillaume Henry , Inès de La Fressange , and Christian Lacroix .
Other lots up for grabs will include two Bon Jour Unplugged lamps offered by Philippe and Jasmine Starck , and a silver Hermès necklace donated by Guillaume de Seynes , executive vice president of manufacturing division and equity investments at Hermès International , and Pascale Mussard , founder of Hermès sister line Petit h .
MORE FROM WWD.COM :
Harman Grubisa , Blair Archibald Named Woolmark Prize Australasia Winners > >
Laura Geller Beauty Names Ashlee Glazer Global Artistic Director > >
Zendaya , Rita Ora and More Attend Teen Choice Awards 2017 > >
Canada Goose Rolls Out Knitwear — Down Included > >
Previous spy shots have caught a new generation of the Escape ( Kuga in Europe ) under development , and now photos have revealed that a plug-in hybrid variant could be part of the lineup . Given the Blue Oval 's decision to drop most of the cars from its lineup , a PHEV version of the crossover would be a way to get back some of the possible drop in average fuel economy across the whole range .
This test mule looks nearly identical to the ones in previous spy photos , except for the additional flap on the driver side fender that hides the spot for plugging in the Escape . Powertrain details for the PHEV remain a mystery at this point . We expect the model to use something new , though , due to the age of the tech driving the C-Max Energi and Fusion Energi .
Up front , the new Escape appears to retain the current model 's broad grille and narrow lower fascia . The headlights continue to run up the fenders , too , but they seem more angular here . At the rear , Ford 's engineers use panels to hide the shape rear , but it appears that there is a far sleeker shape back there that would lend the model a lot more style .
There are n't details about the next-gen Escape 's cabin but expect it to share tech with the latest Focus because they ride on the same platform . A more advanced infotainment system and better driver assistance are among the likely improvements . Ford also intends to offer a three-row version , but so far details are sketchy about whether this version would be physically larger or just have extra seating in the back at the expense of less cargo room .
There are more concrete rumors about the non-PHEV Escape 's powertrain . It would reportedly come standard with the 1.5-liter EcoBoost with cylinder activation that comes in 148-horsepower ( 110-kilowatt ) and 180-hp ( 134 kW ) tunes in the new Focus . Range-topping versions would allegedly get a turbocharged 2.0-liter .
Ford will reportedly unveil the new Escape in 2019 , and it 'll be on sale for the 2020 model year in the United States .
Source : Automedia
Poster for SDS `` Black Power and its Challenges '' conference at UC Berkeley , October 29 , 1966 , designed by Lisa Lyons ; poster courtesy Lisbet Tellefsen collection , image by author .
LEFT : Poster for rally for Eldridge Cleaver for President , San Francisco , August 3 , 1968 ; Docs Populi digital archive . RIGHT : Free Huey Newton rally , Oakland , July 28 . Poster courtesy Lisbet Tellefsen collection , image by author .
All graphics have a story to tell . Some logos of 20th century political movements have become recognized the world over—the peace symbol , designed by Gerald Holtom ; the United Farm Workers logo , which depicts a black eagle on a red background and was created by organizer Cesar Chavez and their cousin Manuel ; and the Black Panther Party ( BPP ) logo , designed by the lesser-known Dorothy Zellner The roots of the Black Panther Party logo go back to 1966 , with the Lowndes County Freedom Organization ( LCFO ) in Alabama ( also called the Black Panther Party ) , a progressive political party formed to increase black representation in public office . Alabama state electoral law required political parties to have a logo on their ballot to account for high illiteracy rates amongst voters , and so , a visual graphic to represent the newly-formed party had to be developed.But the graphic first used in that campaign bears little relationship to the streamlined , powerful graphic later associated with the Black Panther Party . Zellner explained how it happened when I interviewed them in 2016 : “ I was working in the Atlanta office of Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee [ SNCC ] when I was approached by [ SNCC field organizer ] Stokely Carmichael because they knew I 'd gone to the High School of Music and Art . He 'd gone to a sister school , Bronx High School of Science . They asked me to draw a panther for the Lowndes County Freedom Organization campaign . I said no , I was n't that capable an artist. ” According to Zellner , Carmichael asked their then-husband Bob , a minister 's son from Alabama , to go to the Atlanta zoo and photograph a panther as a resource . Bob and a fellow SNCC photographer got a few shots and developed the film in the office ; Bob themselves recalled that fellow SNCC member James Forman asked who in the office could draw and “ Dottie produced the first rough drawing of the now famous Black Panther . Dottie drew it so it would reproduce well in black and white—a panther with curled tail , bared teeth , and pronounced whiskers , ears perked up. ” When Carmichael came back to Dorothy to ask them to make another attempt , they came prepared with a “ rough line drawing of a panther. ” This “ rough drawing ” was done by fellow SNCC member Ruth Howard , and was based on local HBCU ( Historically Black College and Universities ) Clark College 's school mascot . “ I cleaned it up , added better whiskers , and made it black , at their request , ” said Dorothy of the drawing . “ The next time I saw it , that image was on TV sometime in 1967—I was shocked ! ” Although there was no formal organizational relationship between that Black Panther Party and the subsequent Black Panther Party for Self Defense organized in Oakland , California , several figures , including Stokely Carmichael , would eventually serve as a bridge for these two key organizations in the Black power movement . And so too , the associated panther image migrated to the west coast : Community activist Mark Comfort brought the panther name and logo to the San Francisco Bay Area after they formed the Black Panther Project of the Oakland Direct Action Committee in 1965. “ The symbol became smoother and more stylized with age , ” recalled Bob Zellner . “ When I wrote about this… I commented on the irony that Dottie , a white northern woman , drew the first black panther. ” The symbol would continue to morph . Movement graphic scholar Lisbet Tellefsen and I had noticed that several “ official ” panthers of the Black Panther Party were different , and began to track down the artist behind them.Her name was Lisa Lyons . And although , according to Lyons , they initially “ chose the Lowndes County Freedom Organization panther for Black Power Day materials since it was already widely recognized nationally as a symbol of black power by the fall of 1966 , ” they adapted it in a variety of ways . As active members of the Independent Socialist Club ( ISC ) at University of California Berkeley , Liz and their partner Kit used the standard panther in multiple ISC and Panther publications throughout 1966 and 1967 , including “ a poster for an ISC/Black Panther Party rally in defense of the ghetto uprisings and a label used for cans for fundraising for the Panthers , and a variety of Panther-related buttons. ” They made small modifications to the panther symbol , like changing the number of claws depending on the size of the publication , based on it 's ultimate use—for cartoons , buttons , etc.In a speech delivered at the 1966 Students for a Democratic Society ( SDS ) -sponsored `` Black Power and its Challenges '' conference at U.C . Berkeley , Carmichael said , “ We chose for the emblem a black panther , a beautiful black animal which symbolizes the strength and dignity of black people , an animal that never strikes back until he 's back so far into the wall , he 's got nothing to do but spring out . Yeah . And when they spring they do not stop. ” So too , the three women behind the symbol—Dorothy Zellner , Ruth Howard , and Lisa Lyons—who heretofore have had an untold role in creating one of the most powerful icons of community self-defense and empowerment of the 20th century .
BRADFORD – To get past Jeromesville Hillsdale in Friday 's state semifinal game , the Bradford softball team would need to do something no team has accomplished this tournament season .
Hillsdale , the No . 1 ranked team in the Ohio High School Fastpitch Softball Coaches Association 's Division IV state rankings , has n't given up a run thus far in the Ohio High School Athletic Association tournament . But that does n't scare Bradford , which has grown accustomed to accomplishing unprecedented feats this season .
“ It 's just another team , ” Bradford first-year student pitcher Skipp Miller said . “ Do n't think of it any more than that . ”
Bradford has gained confidence throughout the season as the Railroaders have posted a 22-3 record and earned the No . 10 ranking in the Division IV state poll . They 've made it farther in the tournament than any team in program history and energized their community .
“ It 's been amazing how much they 've supported us you know financially and coming to the games , ” Bradford coach Shon Schaffer said . “ It 's been amazing how many people has been at the last couple games . ”
Hundreds of fans made the trip to the Railroaders ' district championship game at Mason then their regional tournament games in Greenville . Now they 've taken up donations to rent a charter bus for the team to take to Akron .
“ I did n't think there would be all these people supporting us , ” first-year student Emma Canan said .
The Bradford community has waited a long time for a team as good as this year 's softball squad to support .
School officials went scouring through trophy cases and record books this past week to find any teams in Bradford history that could match the accomplishments of this year 's softball squad . The only other team they found that reached the state semifinals of an OHSAA tournament was the 1982 football team .
But the Railroaders know if they want to keep this magical journey going , it 's going to take a great effort against a Hillsdale team that has won six state championships in program history and has another solid group this year .
“ It will be the best team we 've faced so far , which you can understand because they 're one of the last four teams , ” Schaffer said . “ But they 're really fast , probably faster defense than Newton , which I think Newton is impressive being fast , and I think they 're a little bit quicker on defense . And as far as hitting goes they 're pretty stout through their four and five batter , and it does n't drop off much through the end of their order . And they 've got a couple really fast left-handers , and it 's going to be a challenge for our defense . ”
Hillsdale also has a strong pitcher who has n't given up a run in tournament play .
“ She 's a really nice pitcher , ” Schaffer said . “ She throws really hard and places the ball extremely well . That 's probably their strong suit is their ability to place it inside and outside , up , down . From what we saw they had very good control , and we 're going to have to get the count in our favor so we can hit our pitch otherwise we 'll be hitting their pitch , and it gets a little bit more difficult . ”
Bradford can counter with its own ace pitcher in Miller , who as a first-year student has an ERA of 0.77 and already is verbally committed to Ohio University .
“ I think if we do what we did with Parkway , I think if we put the bat on the ball like we can , I think good things will happen , ” Schaffer said . “ I do n't think Skipp with let up too many runs so just like every game we 've played this year I tell them if we can score a couple runs we have a shot . ”
Bradford showed it can put up runs against top competition in the regional finals . Parkway entered Saturday 's regional championship game ranked second in the state rankings , but Bradford was unfazed and run-ruled the Panthers 12-1 in six innings to secure a berth in the state final four .
“ It was actually really surprising because we were told all week that it was n't going to be a blowout , ” senior Bailey Wysong said . “ We were going to maybe score one or two runs then when we started putting runs on the board it was outstanding .
“ I think once one person started hitting we all knew that it was possible . ”
Against Parkway , Bradford got some momentum at the plate that carried throughout the lineup . The Railroaders will aim for that same success against Hillsdale .
“ I think if we 're on our game we 'll be fine , ” junior Elisa Martinez said .
Bradford will get a chance to prove itself when it plays Hillsdale at 10 a.m. Friday at Firestone Stadium in Akron in the first of two Division IV state semifinals . The winner of that game will play either Defiance Tinora or Strasburg-Franklin at 4 p.m. Saturday in the Division IV state championship game at Firestone Stadium .
Schaffer does n't want their team to look too far ahead , though , and is taking things day by day and even hour by hour . Regardless of the outcome this weekend , the Railroaders already have shown them how special they are .
“ I 've never been more proud of a team , ” Schaffer said .
Bradford seniors Aspen Weldy Chelsea Gill , Bailey Wysong and Hannah Fout pose for photos with the Division IV regional championship trophy following a 12-1 run rule win over Parkway on Saturday at Greenville . https : //www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/05/web1_Seniors-WEB-3.jpg Bradford seniors Aspen Weldy Chelsea Gill , Bailey Wysong and Hannah Fout pose for photos with the Division IV regional championship trophy following a 12-1 run rule win over Parkway on Saturday at Greenville . Mike Ullery | AIM Media Midwest
By Kyle Shaner kshaner @ aimmediamidwest.com
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4312 . Follow me on Twitter @ KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360 . For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com .
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4312 . Follow me on Twitter @ KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360 . For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com .
MEXICO CITY ( AP ) - Three vanished film students whose case had become emblematic of Mexico 's 30,000 missing people were killed after being caught unaware in the midst of a drug gang turf battle .
Prosecutors in the western state of Jalisco said late Monday the three were abducted by the Jalisco New Generation Cartel because they were filming a school project at a house used by the rival Nueva Plaza gang . The students were using the residence on the outskirts of the city of Guadalajara because it belonged to one of their aunts .
`` Without knowing it , the students were in a very dangerous place which was being watched by hit men from the New Generation cartel , '' the prosecutor 's office said . The aunt was implicated in a human trafficking case involving prostitution at massage parlors in the city of Guadalajara .
The students ' fate horrified Mexico : Prosecutors said they were killed and their bodies dissolved in acid .
`` Words ca n't describe the dimension of this madness , '' Oscar-winning Mexican director Guillermo del Toro wrote on Twitter . `` Three students are killed and dissolved in acid . The 'why ' is unthinkable , the 'how ' is terrifying . ''
Prosecutors said the New Generation cartel lookouts who were watching the house mistook the students for rival gang members and abducted them on a road after they left the house .
Prosecutors said the gang took the students to a safe house and interrogated them . The gang beat one student so badly they died , leading them to kill the other two .
They then took them to another house , where prosecutors found jugs and tubs of sulfuric acid .
Traces of blood and the DNA of two of the students were found at the houses .
Investigators also found fake detectives ' credentials at the houses ; the killers apparently posed as detectives when they pulled the students over .
One gang leader had already been arrested at the aunt 's house in 2015 and police had received reports of armed men hanging out at the property in 2017 .
NORFOLK , Va. ( AP ) — Past employees of a former Virginia sheriff have said that they used the job for personal benefit , such as hiring their future wife 's relatives and having their deputies campaign for him .
Ex-Norfolk Sheriff Bob McCabe denies any wrongdoing , the Virginian-Pilot ( http : //bit.ly/2oczkgz ) reported . They have not been charged with any crimes and declined to comment to the newspaper , which ran its article on Sunday .
Christina Pullen , a spokesperson for the FBI 's regional office , would not comment on whether McCabe is under any type of investigation . The FBI typically would handle any public corruption probe .
McCabe abruptly resigned in December without explanation after more than two decades as sheriff . Four months earlier , they said he 'd seek a seventh term .
Advertisement
The Pilot spoke with nearly 30 current and former staffers and filed about 20 Freedom of Information Act requests with government agencies for its article .
The newspaper reported several alleged instances of sexual harassment . Former employees also claimed they used an inmate to fix up properties owned by McCabe or their future wife .
As sheriff , McCabe oversaw the jail , courthouse security and the serving of legal papers in Virginia 's second largest city . They earned nearly $ 180,000 a year and supervised a department with about 460 employees and a budget of $ 35.3 million .
“ It got to a point where – and I always told them this – they forgot where they came from , ” Penny Dunn , a former friend and secretary , told the newspaper . “ He was so completely corrupted by the power and the money . ”
As sheriff , Dunn said McCabe called them late at night and invited them to their hot tub . After rejecting him , Dunn said they got word through their supervisor that McCabe planned to transfer her , put them on the night shift and cut their pay . They resigned .
Former employees said they were recruited to help with McCabe 's re-election campaigns .
Former deputy Ernest Pohrte said they knocked on doors for McCabe and worked the polls in street clothes . The work is allowed if employees are off duty and not in uniform . But Pohrte said they felt pressured to stay on their boss 's good side and never got back any comp or vacation time .
“ You were just expected to work them , ” they said . “ Or put it this way : You volunteered to be in favor with the sheriff . ”
McCabe also called upon employees to pick them up at bars after they had been drinking .
“ He would give me a call at 11 o'clock at night , saying , ‘ I need a ride , ' ” said Kenneth Darling , a former sergeant . “ That 's the reason I had a sheriff 's car . I 've driven them home many a night . ”
Darling also said they once drove a jail inmate to work on a multiday renovation project at McCabe 's house .
McCabe also hired the husband of their future wife 's sister as a deputy recruit .
Bill Partain , a former lieutenant colonel , said no background check was done on the man , who left after less than three months when a misdemeanor assault conviction was discovered on their record .
The Virginian-Pilot wrote that it had no evidence that the man or other relatives of McCabe 's future wife were unqualified for their positions or that they did not do their jobs well .
Over the past few years , there is pervasive interest among several manufacturing industries in the application of unsaturated polyester resins owing to their low cost of production and versatile properties . Combined with this , the soaring popularity of polyester resins as a thermosetting system rises on a variety of applications in making composites in end-use industries . This is further accentuated by the use of fillers , reinforcements , and additives , which enhance their physical and chemical properties , opening up exciting applications . Driven by a variety of factors and fueled by the growth in end-use industries , the unsaturated polyester resins are anticipated to rise at a steady pace in the coming years . The global market is forecast to expand at a CAGR of 5.0 % from 2017 to 2022 .
The market stood at US $ 5,744.3 mn in 2017 and the opportunities in the market is projected to reach US $ 7,339.9 by the end of 2022 .
Request Sample @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=S & rep_id=857
Superior Properties of Isophthalic Resins to Account for its Dominance
Major product types of unsaturated polyester resins are orthophthalic resins , isophthalic resins , and dicyclopentadiene ( DCPD ) resins . Of these , the isophthalic resins segment holds the major share in 2017 and is projected to witness leading growth during the forecast period , measured in absolute terms . Compared to other resins , these are increasingly being preferred in the composite or fiber glass industry on account of their markedly higher strength , amazing flexibility , and better chemical resistance .
The isophthalic resins segment holds a market share of 36.4 % in 2017 amounting to US $ 2,091.9 Mn and is expected to rise to US $ 2,547.5 Mn by the end of 2022 . The segment will account for a share of 34.7 % by 2022 end . Expanding at a CAGR of 4 % , the market for isophthalic resins is estimated to grow at US $ 91.1 Mn annually during the forecast period .
Request Brochure @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=B & rep_id=857
APEJ to Account for Dominant Demand through Forecast Period
Regionally , North America unsaturated polyester resins market is projected to rise at a CAGR of 4.8 % during 2017–2022 . The market was valued at US $ 1,248.4 Mn in 2017 and is projected to be worth US $ 1,579.8 Mn by the end of the forecast period .
Europe is also a prominent market for unsaturated polyester resins . Rising at a CAGR of 4.9 % , the regional market will reach a valuation of US $ 1,260.8 Mn by the end of 2022 . Meanwhile , the Middle East and Africa ( MEA ) unsaturated polyester resins market is predicted to hold an impressive share of 4.7 % , in terms of revenue , by the end 2017 end . However , the regional market will lose some share by14 basis point ( BPS ) over the forecast period .
Request for Customisation @ https : //www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php ? flag=CR & rep_id=857
Competitive Analysis
Prominent players operating in the non-reinforced unsaturated polyester resins market include Polynt-Reichhold Group , Ashland Inc. , Royal DSM , AOC , BASF SE , U-Pica Company Ltd. , UPC Technology Corp. , Nuplex Industries Ltd. , and Scott Bader Company Ltd . The market is witnessing developments toward consolidation and several players in major regions are making mergers and acquisitions which is likely to intensify competition in the market . They are spending on research on developing better recycling methods and for improving processing technologies , in order to gain a competitive edge over others .
LONDON ( AP ) — Firefighters extinguished the last of the flames in the devastating west London blaze as they searched for more victims Thursday , a day after the high-rise apartment building fire that killed at least 12 people . Entire families were missing , and the death toll is certain to rise .
Fire Commissioner Dany Cotton said authorities genuinely do n't know how many people died and that firefighters have been traumatized by the inability to save more people .
“ Tragically now we are not expecting to find anyone else alive , ” Cotton told Sky News . “ The severity and the heat of the fire will mean that it will be an absolute miracle for anyone to be left alive . ”
More than 200 firefighters worked through the night and parts of the building were still seen as being unsafe . Now that the smoke has cleared , the public could only gape at the huge burned-out hulk in the working class , multi-ethnic neighborhood .
Advertisement
The blaze early Wednesday in the 24-story building in west London 's North Kensington district also injured 74 others , 18 of them critically , and left an unknown number missing . A tenants ' group had complained for years about the risk of a fire .
Up to 600 people lived in 120 apartments in the Grenfell Tower . After announcing the updated death toll of 12 in the afternoon , Cmdr . Stuart Cundy said that “ we believe this number will sadly increase . ”
Prime Minister Theresa May promised an investigation and they planned to visit the site on Thursday . London Mayor Sadiq Khan said many questions must be answered about safety for the scores of other apartment buildings around the British capital .
The London Fire Brigade said it received the first reports of the blaze at 12:54 a.m. and the first engines arrived within six minutes .
Survivors told of frantic attempts to escape during the nighttime fire .
“ The flames , I have never seen anything like it . It just reminded me of 9/11 , ” said Muna Ali , 45 . “ The fire started on the upper floors . … Oh my goodness , it spread so quickly . It had completely spread within half an hour . ”
The cause of the blaze is under investigation , but a tenants ' group had complained for years about the risk of a fire .
More than 1 million pounds ( $ 1.27 million ) has been raised to help victims of the tragedy as volunteers and charities worked through the night to find shelter and food for people who lost their homes .
___
Associated Press writer Frank Griffiths contributed to this report .
