This post is part of Blues Day on PHT…
When considering the future of the St. Louis Blues , especially looking at their Cap Friendly page , the immediate thought is that they 're really “ locked in ” to their current core group .
So … let 's start this Blues cap analysis by looking at that very core group .
Mostly ripe core
As of this moment , nine key players are signed through at least the next three seasons at a total cap cost of $ 47.425 million :
Vladimir Tarasenko : $ 7.5M through 2022-23
Alexander Steen : $ 5.75M though 2020-21
Jaden Schwartz : $ 5.35M through 2020-21
Patrik Berglund : $ 3.85M through 2021-22
Vladimir Sobotka : $ 3.5M through 2019-20
Alex Pietrangelo : $ 6.5M through 2019-20
Colton Parayko : $ 5.5M through 2021-22
Jake Allen : $ 4.35M through 2020-21
Now , there are some quibbles with that group .
Steen , at 33 , might see some steep regression . Some might be a bit underwhelmed at Sobotka and/or Berglund , at least when it comes to such term .
Even those issues are debatable , though , and the overall look is quite intriguing . You might grimace at the idea that $ 7.5M is “ cheap , ” but that really might be fair in assessing Tarasenko . Since 2013-14 ( his first full season ) , Tarasenko scored the fifth-most goals in the NHL with 137 . Only Alex Ovechkin scored more during the past three seasons .
Allen seemed like they were getting a respectable deal early on , but considering how their numbers skyrocketed once Mike Yeo replaced Ken Hitchcock , that $ 4.35M could be a Cam Talbot-ish bargain .
It stings to lose Kevin Shattenkirk , but for all we know , Parayko may eclipse Pietrangelo as the Blues ' best defenseman before their contracts expire . Considering how nice a bargain Pietrangelo is , St. Louis has some very good things going for them in the high-end .
Speaking of that defense …
Things get more interesting when you consider contracts that will be up sooner .
In particular , there could be decisions to make after 2018-19 , at least if GM Doug Armstrong is n't as proactive as they tend to be . Here are some notable defensemen who only have two years left : Jay Bouwmeester ( $ 5.4M ) , Carl Gunnarsson ( $ 2.9M ) , Robert Bortuzzo ( $ 1.15M ) , and Nate Prosser ( $ 650K ) . Joel Edmundson , meanwhile , is slated to be an RFA after this season .
Edmundson seems like a keeper , but beyond that , the Blues must ask some tough questions about players like Bouwmeester . J-Bo already reached the 1,000 games plateau , and he 's just 33 .
Such choices might end up being tough , yet at least the Blues have options . That 's especially true if Vince Dunn eventually makes the leap and Jordan Schmaltz can reach some of that first-round potential .
Who else will join the core ?
Considering their $ 7M price tag , Paul Stastny has n't always lived up to their billing in St. Louis , placing them under pressure to earn a new deal with their current contract expiring after 2017-18 . Even so , there 's also pressure on the Blues to decide what to do with Stastny ; what would be a reasonable price to re-sign them or would they move them for assets much like they did with Kevin Shattenkirk ?
Robby Fabbri is another key contract year to watch .
The Blues would honestly be smart to sign the 21-year-old for cheap , as there have been more than a few flashes of brilliance already with Fabbri . If they do n't , though , the 21st pick of the 2014 NHL Draft could easily parallel Viktor Arvidsson – in production , if not style – this coming season .
* * *
A greedier Blues fan might be a little frustrated to see the team take the careful approach over the last few years , including letting David Backes and Troy Brouwer walk .
To an extent , St. Louis seems to lack that “ surplus ” scorer that really drives pre-season hype through the roof . It 's also up to Mike Yeo to build on the work Ken Hitchcock left behind .
Still , when you consider the lack of albatross contracts and the handful of good-to-brilliant deals on the books , the Blues seem like they 're in a pretty good place . The question is : can this group do better than that ?
The signatory human rights organizations urge UNESCO to reject the candidacy of Moushira Khattab , a nominee for its Director-General post to be selected though election this coming Monday October 9th at the UNESCO headquarters in Paris . Khattab , an Egyptian diplomat , is one of four Arab nominees ( out of nine total ) for a post charged with supporting cultural rights and the freedom of expression throughout the world . Regrettably , Khattab 's complicity in the Egyptian state 's hostility towards UNESCO 's core values renders them woefully unfit for a position responsible for spreading these same values . During their tenure as a state representative , Egypt has dramatically escalated its assault on the freedom of expression and information , jailing dozens of journalists and media personnel , and blocking at least 424 websites so far in 2017 . These websites were blocked on security directives bypassing judicial order , stripping them of even the slightest veneer of legality .
Moushira Khattab remained silent , and therefore complicit , in the closure of the Karama Libraries founded by prominent human rights defender Gamal Eid using funds they received from an international human rights award . Although Khattab had visited and expressed their admiration for the network of libraries established in working-class areas , when the libraries were shuttered by a security directive devoid of judicial basis , they repeated the falsehood that the closure was pursuant to a judicial order . Them silence has extended to attacks on other libraries and cultural institutions throughout the country , including the Al–Balad Bookstore , the Townhouse Gallery , and Rawabet Theater . This raises serious doubts regarding their competency to lead one of the most important international organizations defending the freedom of thought and expression .
The signatory organizations had hoped that UNESCO would nominate an Egyptian candidate worthy of such an important post , who is capable of working with civil society to promote education , culture and freedom of expression . Egypt stands at a critical juncture where it must choose what type of society it will become : an open society that upholds fundamental rights or freedoms , or a closed society that breeds extremism and violence . Leading UNESCO requires boldness , not silence , in defending the freedom of expression and cultural rights . The position of Director-General should not be disgraced by rewarding it to a nominee who is complicit in state attacks on UNESCO 's values .
Signed ,
• The Cairo Institute for Human Rights Studies
• The Arabic Network for Human Rights Information
• El Nadim Center For Management & Rehabilitation of victims of violence
• Andalus Institute for Tolerance and anti-Violence Studies
• Association for Freedom of Thought and Expression
• Nazra for Feminist Studies
POSTED IN : Egypt
Pigs are funny . Nobody would argue about that . There are people that collect them . Pictures of them , memorabilia , statuettes , door stops , curtains , pig clocks , wallpaper , pig tails , piggy banks , pigweed , pig stickers , piglets , pig-eyed piebalds and pygmies . In the homes of a pig collector you are surrounded by pig knick knacks .
But due to my lack of experience , I have never been able to write pig poetry . When I attended veterinary school there were only three pigs west of Scott City , Kan. , and they were in the Salt Lake City Zoo . In the world of cowboy music no one has risen to claim the title Ghost Riders in the Sty .
I have held the contention that most cowboy poetry is funny due to that close relationship between humor and tragedy . Workin ' livestock is dangerous and those of us who do it get hurt … a lot ! So the only way to deal with the pain is to laugh about it . And you quadruple the chance of injury ( and therefore humor ) by adding a horse to the equation . Well , most people do n't work pigs a'horseback , so you do n't have as many wrecks . But where there 's a will there 's a way .
Ol ' Mr. Schneider had a hog operation in central Missouri . They were one of the few in the country to employ dogs on the farm , specifically , blue heelers .
“ Gasping for air and grasping for straws , Mr. Schneider did what any good cowboy would do ... they called the dogs. ” Recommended Stories For You
One afternoon they had gathered two sows to take to the sale . Big ones , in the 500-pound range . They backed their pickup to the loading chute and pulled the tailgate up . Climbing down in the loading pen , they set the gates and began tickling and tormenting the two sows up the loading ramp . They thrashed and cursed them but they would n't go more than halfway . It was then they happened to look up and see their blue heeler , Bruno , sitting in the pickup bed peering down the loading chute .
They shouted commands at the dog who promptly leaped into action . The two sows started backing down the ramp and into Mr. Schneider who was wedged in place . They went down in the chute and one of the sows sat in their lap . The dog scaled the pileup and exited stage left .
Gasping for air and grasping for straws , Mr. Schneider did what any good cowboy would do … they called the dogs .
Bruno tore back around the corner , stormed up the chute and bit Mr. Schneider on the ham ! They loaded in the chute alright , slick as you please . All three of 'em .
Bruno is now sausage . ❖
MOSCOW : A Russian Mi-28 military helicopter in Syria has had to make an emergency landing due to a technical fault , Russia 's Defence Ministry said on Friday , the RIA news agency reported .
No crew members were hurt in the incident , RIA cited the ministry as saying .
( Reporting by Maria Kiselyova ; Writing by Maria Tsvetkova ; Editing by Andrew Osborn )
The Independence City Council , Tuesday , Dec. 13 , approved a $ 2,655,366 final General Fund Budget for 2017 , an increase of $ 179,526 ( 7.25 percent ) over the $ 2,475,840 General Fund Budget for 2016 . The General Fund finances city operating expenses , such as police service , fire service , public works , parks , and administration .
The council also approved a $ 2,689,632 final city property tax levy for 2017 , an increase of $ 172,073 ( 6.83 percent ) over the $ 2,517,559 final city property tax levy for 2016 . City property taxes pay for the bulk of General Fund expenses , along with principal and interest on city debt .
At the meeting the City Council also took up other business . Here are meeting highlights .
BUDGET , TAX LEVY
The City Council held a Truth in Taxation hearing and answered questions from the audience .
Certified Public Accountant Steve McDonald , of Abdo , Eick & Meyers , explained key budget figures . They said Independence property owners received notices from the Hennepin County auditor in November containing preliminary information about their 2017 property taxes . The information was based upon Independence 's preliminary General Fund budget and property tax levy , which the City Council certified to the county in September .
Mayor Marvin Johnson noted that property owners in the Orono School District approved operating levy and bond referenda in November . So 2017 taxes for property owners in the Orono School District are likely to be higher than those spelled out in the November notices .
Meanwhile , the city of Independence made cuts to the preliminary 2017 General Fund Budget that the City Council approved in September , McDonald said . These cuts will affect the city 's 2017 tax levy .
Hennepin County , Independence , school districts , watershed districts and other local jurisdictions all levy property taxes , and these are on individual property tax bills . Residents of the Pioneer Sarah Creek Watershed District will pay a $ 66,200 property tax levy to the watershed district , a three percent increase over last year .
Cities must certify their final 2017 General Fund budgets and property tax levies to the county by Dec. 28 .
Mayor Johnson explained that an individual 's property tax bill is based upon the assessed valuation of their or their property . Hennepin County assessors determine assessed valuations after looking at market values of similar properties in the area . They encouraged property owners to watch for valuation notices in their mailboxes in March . A property owner can protest an assessed valuation at the local Board of Appeals and Adjustments in the spring .
As Independence drafted its 2017 budget , the city took into account a three percent inflation increase , McDonald said . The city budgeted $ 15,000 for updating its comprehensive plan , $ 8,500 for capital costs and $ 20,000 for increased recycling expenses .
The largest General Fund expenditures in 2017 will be $ 1,103,625 for police , $ 506,970 for streets , $ 368,660 for financial administration , $ 333,035 for fire service and $ 101,770 for building inspection .
MARK KUKA RIDING STABLE
The City Council approved a conditional use permit allowing Mark Kuka to operate a commercial riding stable on agricultural property at 4405 County Road 92N . The site is west of County Road 92 and north of County Road 11 .
The council also approved a lot line rearrangement for Kuka 's two pieces of property . The result is that the accessory building for the riding stable is located on the same property as the principal structure , as required by city ordinances . The largest lot spans 80 acres , and the smallest lot spans 17 acres .
The conditional use permit has an occupancy limit of 49 people for the riding stable building during equestrian related events . The reason for the limit is the fabric roof that was installed on the building . If Kuka installs an improved roof , they can ask for an amended conditional use permit allowing a larger number of occupants .
Kuka is allowed to board 25 horses on their 80 acres . Hours of operation are from 7 a.m. to 10 p.m. each day .
SETTLERS PRAIRIE SUBDIVISION
The City Council approved a development agreement between the city and B. Benson Group for the Settlers Prairie residential subdivision , located at 1160 County Road 19N . The developer now can begin work on the four-lot Rural Residential development .
The council approved preliminary and final plats in November . An existing home and several accessory structures are located on the site . The home would remain on one of the four newly created lots . Lot sizes would range from 3.56 acres to 5.43 acres .
Plans show lots arranged along Settlers Court , a new public street that enters the subdivision from County Road 19 and ends in a cul-de-sac . The development agreement requires the developer to construct the street and a storm water collection and filtration system . B. Benson Group is required to pay a $ 10,500 park dedication fee .
SNOWMOBILE TRAIL
City Administrator Mark Kaltsas asked for council direction on a request from the Northwest Trails Maple Plain Nomads associate snowmobile club . The Nomads asked Independence to consider allowing relocation of the snowmobile trail from traveling along Pagenkopf Road to traveling through Pioneer Creek Park . The club has experienced issues with the trail located along Pagenkopf Road between Baker Park and County Road 11 .
Kaltsas suggested routing the trail to follow the railroad tracks on the south end of the park . This route would direct snowmobilers away from recently planted trees , playground equipment and the sledding hill . The Nomads would need to mark the trail to keep people out of the park .
City Councilors commented that the park might appear to be wide-open spaces to some snowmobilers . They might be tempted to head into the main park . Not all of these snowmobilers would be members of the club .
The council directed that the trail should be on the south side of the park , with a barrier between the trail and the park . City approval of the trail location would be formalized after the Nomads make arrangements for the trail route outside the park .
PUBLIC SAFETY REPORT
West Hennepin Public Safety Director Gary Kroells showed a video about WHPS that was one and a half years in the making . The video features WHPS officers and reservists , Maple Plain and Independence city officials and Maple Plain Fire Chief Dave Eisinger . They discuss WHPS 's core values — Honor , Courage , Common Sense , Respect and Dignity , Loyalty , Fairness and Trust .
WHPS has posted the video on its website at www.WestHennepin.com .
HELD : Nicolas Sarkozy is being quizzed by French police
The 63-year-old has been detained over allegations they received illegal cash from late dictator Muammar Gaddafi .
They are being quizzed by cops over allegations relating to their 2007 presidential campaign , a judicial source has said to French paper Le Monde .
France opened an inquiry in 2013 after allegations their succcessful election was aided by the Libyan despot .
An ex-minister and close ally of Sarkozy , Brice Hortefeux , was also questioned by police on Tuesday morning in relation to the Libya investigation , another source close to the probe said .
SEOUL : North Korea said on Tuesday now is not the right time to discuss U.S. citizens it has detained , given the state of relations between the two countries , its official KCNA news agency said citing a foreign ministry spokesperson .
The spokesperson was responding to media reports on the weekend , which said the United States had been engaging in back-channel diplomacy with North Korea for several months to discuss the issue of Americans detained in the isolated country .
North Korea , which released a Canadian pastor last week citing humanitarian grounds after imprisoning them for more than two years , is holding three Americans it accused of various offences .
( Reporting by Soyoung Kim and Jane Chung )
Gia Burns was born at 12:29 a.m. at Hartford Hospital on New Year 's Day .
Hartford Hospital welcomed its first baby of the new year at 12:29 a.m. Sunday .
Baby Gia Burns was born of Angela and Michael Burns from Southington . They weighed in at seven pounds , 14 ounces .
Gia baby is the couple 's first child , born just minutes after their parents ' first wedding anniversary on Dec. 31 , 2016 .
Congratulations to mom and dad and a happy birthday to Gia !
A specialist unit will spearhead efforts to stop drones dropping drugs and mobile phones into prisons .
The new team has been assembled to combat the problem of the remote-controlled flying devices being used to fly contraband into jail grounds .
Prisons have recorded a sharp increase in incidents involving drones in recent years .
Figures show there were 33 incidents of the gadgets being detected in or around jails in England and Wales in 2015 , up from just two the year before and none in 2013 .
And in November the Ministry of Justice said there had been a `` big increase '' in the number of reported drone incidents over the last year .
The new squad of prison and police officers will work with law enforcement agencies and HM Prison and Probation Service to inspect drones recovered from jails in a bid to identify and track down those involved in attempts to smuggle in contraband .
Investigators will draw together intelligence from across prisons and the police to identify lines of inquiry , which will then be passed to local forces and organised crime officers .
The crackdown aims to help disrupt the flow of drugs and mobile phones into prisons as the Government attempts to tackle surging levels of violence and self-harm behind bars .
In one recent case drones were used as part of attempts to flood prisons with contraband worth around £48,000 .
Prisons Minister Sam Gyimah said : `` We are absolutely determined to tackle the illegal flow of drugs and mobile phones into our prisons and turn them into places of safety and reform .
`` The threat posed by drones is clear , but our dedicated staff are committed to winning the fight against those who are attempting to thwart progress by wreaking havoc in establishments all over the country .
`` My message to those who involve themselves in this type of criminal activity is clear ; we will find you and put you behind bars . ''
Mike Rolfe , national chairperson of the Prison Officers Association , branded the move a `` publicity stunt '' .
They told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme : `` This is a red herring because there are lots of problems in prisons and this seems like a very small publicity stunt to try and detract from the real issue and that 's that our jails are in complete chaos .
`` They are in a crisis and they are flooded with drugs , mobile phones and weapons . ''
They added : `` What we understand is they are investing about £3 million into a new task force to look at the problem of drugs , mobile phones and drones , which is a small amount of money really , so we do n't expect it to be a particularly large team , we do n't particularly see it as a vast amount of investment . ''
John Podmore , former head of the prison service 's anti-corruption unit , claimed staff smuggling drugs into jails was a `` major '' problem while drone incidents totalled around 33 a year .
`` In terms of contraband coming into prisons one of the main routes is staff corruption , '' they told the programme .
It 's lovely to be able to be next to the nature . Good day everyone ! 😇🙏
A post shared by Virat Kohli ( @ virat.kohli ) on Aug 13 , 2017 at 7:41pm PDT
SHAH ALAM : The Malaysian police will file for an arrest warrant against UMNO division chief Jamal Yunos , who had absconded from completing their bail process on Wednesday ( May 30 ) .
The police will also intensify their search for the Sungai Besar division chief , who has been missing since May 25 .
Advertisement
Jamal was given ample time to cooperate with the police but had failed to respond , Selangor Criminal Investigation Department chief Fadzil Ahmat said in a statement . Jamal had also flip-flopped in the statements they had made in videos posted on social media , they added .
“ The police have taken action in accordance with the law in handling cases involving Jamal . So far , there are six more cases to be investigated against Jamal , on top of three cases that they were charged with at the Ampang Puteri Hospital on May 25 , ” Fadzil said .
Jamal was arrested on May 22 in connection with a firearms investigation . They checked themselves into the hospital for a back pain when they were released . They went missing on May 25 .
Jamal was still in police custody at that time as the authorities were processing bail documents . Bail was set at RM3,000 ( US $ 753 ) for each of the three charges .
Advertisement
Advertisement
They did not turn up at the Ampang Jaya District Police headquarters on Wednesday to complete their bail process despite mentioning in a voice recording they released to the media in the previous day that they would be present .
In a seven-minute-long video which appeared to have been filmed in an oil palm plantation , Jamal once again said they would go to the police station to complete the documentation process but they hoped the police would give them some time .
They also claimed that there was a plan by certain `` influential '' quarters to take them down under any circumstances in spite of assurance from the police that they were only required to finish the documentation process .
“ I am not denying the execution of the law against me . However , when my name was blacklisted by the Immigration Department and my name is in the police watchlist as though I am a dangerous person , according to the information I got , I will be arrested under an act where I can not be released on bail , '' Jamal said in the video where they were seen wearing a T-shirt and black cap .
“ The way the law is treating me as though I am not a citizen whose rights are protected by the Federal Constitution . ''
Jamal had been charged with causing public nuisance by smashing beer bottles in front of the Selangor government offices in October last year , in protest against a beer festival . They also face two other charges for trespassing .
The public nuisance charge carries a maximum RM400 fine if convicted . The house-trespassing charges , however , carry a maximum three-year jail term and up to RM5,000 fine per conviction .
The India Institute of Medical Sciences ( AIIMS ) has declared results for its MBBS 2017 entrance examination on Thursday . Students can check the official website aiimsexams.org .
The MBBS entrance exam was held by AIIMS on 28 May , 2017 .
The list of candidates who qualify for counseling to the MBBS course are displayed with their roll numbers on AIIMS ' official web portal .
The MBBS entrance exam results are also available on the website of all the AIIMS branches .
The results are declared for AIIMS courses at New Delhi , Patna , Bhopal , Jodhpur , Bhubaneshwar , Rishikesh and Raipur .
A report from The Hindustan Times stated that the result will not be communicated to candidates by phone or any other means individually .
An official notification also said that the first counseling of the shortlisted candidates at AIIMS , New Delhi is expected to be held between 3 to 6 July , 2017 .
As has been observed over the course of the past few weeks , the dates and times of result announcements have been frequently changed . The information above has not been independently verified . However , this article will continue to be updated to reflect official updates as and when they come in .
related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
2 related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
SINGAPORE : Small- and medium-size enterprises ( SME ) will get more support to conduct health programmes from next year under a new S $ 2-million initiative .
SME Health+ , run by the Health Promotion Board ( HPB ) , aims to engage 60,000 workers over 18 months , building on a year-long pilot that ended in September this year .
Singaporeans spend a large portion of their time at work and getting them to lead less sedentary lifestyles is a challenge , said HPB 's director of workplace health & outreach Sim Beng Koon in an interview with Channel NewsAsia on Friday ( Dec 8 ) .
HPB 's workplace health programmes aim to engage workers early before they develop chronic diseases by sparking small lifestyle changes ; this will help reduce healthcare costs in disease treatment and management down the road , they added .
Additionally , SMEs are an important group to target , said Mr Sim , as they employ the majority of the nation 's workforce .
Warees Investments , which has about 30 employees , tapped on HPB 's pilot SME Workplace Health Package earlier this year . Workers went on a 4km walk around Botanic Gardens and along the way , they stopped at various stations to learn simple exercise routines and how to prepare healthier food .
Advertisement
Advertisement
“ The activity helped us become more aware of how to do simple and light activities at home and it also created an interest in staff to prepare healthy meals , '' said Ms Zarena Mator , strategic assistant to management at Warees .
Building on the pilot , the new initiative will offer SMEs a range of packages from health screening to weight management . It will run alongside existing HPB programmes such as the Healthy Workplace Ecosystem , which also caters to SMEs .
Overall spending on workplace health programmes , including fitness activities and nutrition talks , has increased by about 15 per cent each year since 2014 , from S $ 4 million , HPB said .
“ We have some measured success , there 's still a long way to go , we still have a lot to do … Today , there is first a higher awareness of the need to keep healthy especially when you are productively engaged . Secondly , with all the activities we are doing today , I think we have a certain amount of success in making healthy programmes as pervasive as possible , '' said Mr Sim .
HPB keeps an eye on its programmes by tracking changes in behaviour such as whether workers are choosing healthier meal options and how much they are exercising .
They also compare health screening results of participants to see if their BMI has decreased or if they have gotten a better blood glucose reading after getting health coaching .
MOGADISHU : A suicide car bomb exploded at a checkpoint outside the main African peacekeepers ( AMISOM ) base in the Somali capital Mogadishu on Monday , police said .
`` A suicide car bomb rammed into the checkpoint outside the AMISOM base , '' Abdikadir Hussein , a police officer , told Reuters .
`` There are Somali security forces at the checkpoint and it is too early to know the number of casualties . ''
A Reuters photographer at the scene saw the burnt-out shell of the bomber 's car and another vehicle nearby on fire .
( Reporting by Abdi Sheikh and Feisal Omar ; Writing by Duncan Miriri ; Editing by Louise Ireland )
Are you looking for thumb grips to add to your Joy-Cons , but you 're not sure which ones are the best ? Whether you 're looking for a little flare from your favorite games , or you just want a better grip on your Nintendo Switch , these are the best thumb grips I have found .
Hyperkin Silicone Thumb Grips
These completely black thumb grips are perfect if you already have a neon Joy-Con set , and you 're not looking for bright colors to put with it . This 8-pack of rigged thumb grips is great for adding grip to the Joy-Con sticks without clashing with their color , especially for only $ 8 .
See at Amazon
Skull & Co . Skin Splatoon 2 Thumb Grip Set
Since Nintendo has released its Splatoon 2 Neon Green and Neon Pink Joy-Cons , these thumb grips are perfect to go right along with them . With both grips that are around the Joy-Con and extended grips , these will work for all kinds of gamers at around $ 8 .
See at Amazon
UUShop 8-Pack Silicone Thumb Grip
This 8 pack of thumb grips comes in four different colors , so you can pair your grips with any color Joy-Con you wish for only $ 9 . Whether you color-coordinate or just use the white and black colors , you can use whatever color combination your heart desires .
See at Amazon
Cute Paw 10-Pack Silicone Thumb Grips
If you 're a pet lover and you want to express it in your Joy-Cons , this pack of 10 grips for $ 10 is perfect for you ! These cute paw print grips come in four different colors to perfectly match your Joy-Cons . Make sure to show your favorite friend , and play as your favorite video game pals .
See at Amazon
HORI Super Mario Thumb Grips
All the biggest Mario fans should have these thumb grips to add some more Mario fun to your Nintendo Switch . Add them onto your Joy-Con , and see the difference they can make for just $ 9 . With Mario , Luigi , Toad , and the Power Star , you 'll blast through any level with these great grips .
See at Amazon
How will your jazz up your controllers ?
Let us know which thumb grip is your favorite in the comments below !
The Public Protector will conduct a preliminary investigation to determine the merits of some of the allegations that have been published as part of the # GuptaLeaks saga that point to issues at Eskom , Prasa and Transnet .
These allegations point to improper or dishonest acts or offences with respect to public funds at the state-owned enterprises as well as improper or unlawful enrichment by certain public officials at these institutions , the office of Public Protector Busisiwe Mkhwebane said in a statement on Wednesday night .
Aside from the # GuptaLeaks , the investigation will also look at the controversial re-appointment of Brian Molefe as head of Eskom .
Former Public Protector Thuli Madonsela 's initial state capture report about alleged improper and unethical conduct by President Jacob Zuma and other state functionaries relating to the Gupta family was released last year .
A review application by Zuma on the recommendations of that report is expected to be heard in October .
Catch up on what we know so far on # GuptaLeaks here .
Mkhwebane said most of the issues form part of the State of Capture Report , except allegations that :
– The Guptas received high-level confidential information from the then Minister of Communications , Faith Muthambi ;
– At least two immigration officials ( Gideon Christians and Ms Munyadziwa ) were specially positioned in India by then Minister of Home Affairs , to assist Gupta associate Ashu Chawla to the benefit of Gupta-owned businesses , liaising through Major Kobese , a music producer and director in the foreign office of the Department of Home Affairs .
Regarding Eskom , there will be an investigation into :
– The re-appointment of Brian Molefe as Eskom CEO ;
– Allegations that acting CEO Matshela Koko channelled contracts to a company partly owned by their stepdaughter ;
– Allegations that Koko leaked a legal opinion to the Guptas ;
– The role of Public Enterprises Minister Lynne Brown in the re-appointment of Molefe ;
– Allegations of Brown 's failure to exercise the required executive oversight over Eskom , its board and management ;
– Allegations by former Minister of Mineral Resources , Ngoako Ramatlhodi , that Molefe and former Eskom Board Chairperson , Ben Ngubane , pressurised them to help the Guptas take over Glencore 's coal mine in 2016 ;
The allegations that former Passenger Rail Agency of SA chairperson , Sifiso Buthelezi , failed to disclose a conflict of interest arising from their interest in Makana , a subsidiary of Cadiz which provided advisory services to Prasa on its rolling stock programme , would be included in a second investigation into Prasa , which is currently underway .
The protector 's office has already published a report titled Derailed into allegations of maladministration at Prasa and this is being taken on review by former Prasa CEO Lucky Montana .
Regarding Transnet , the preliminary probe will look into :
– Allegations of a kickback agreement totalling R5.3bn , regarding the procurement of locomotive at Transnet ;
– The role of then Minister of Public Enterprises Malusi Gigaba in the appointment of Iqbal Shama and Molefe to Transnet board of directors , chair of the board acquisition and disposal committee , and senior management respectively ;
– Role players in the procurement process for freight locomotives in July 2012 ;
– Allegations of Brown 's failure to exercise the required executive oversight over Transnet , its board and management .
Brown 's spokesperson Colin Cruywagen said the minister welcomed the latest probe .
” She will co-operate with the Public Protector , as they will co-operate with any institution that is investigating allegations of state capture . ”
[ Source : news24 ]
Comments
comments
SINGAPORE : A 52-year-old employment agency runner has been charged with helping to illegally employ a foreign domestic worker - about three years after they were convicted of the same offence .
Ng Siew Leng was charged on Dec 7 for `` abetting the illegal employment '' of a foreign domestic worker , the Ministry of Manpower ( MOM ) said in a press release on Tuesday ( Dec 12 ) .
They had arranged for an Indonesian foreign domestic worker to work in an employer 's household between Apr 7 and Apr 28 this year without first getting a valid work pass for them
`` By illegally deploying the foreign domestic worker for three weeks , Ng had abetted the employer to commit an illegal employment offence , '' said MOM .
As Ng was previously convicted in May 2014 for the same offence , they face stiffer penalties of a fine of up to S $ 30,000 and a mandatory jail term of at least one month .
They were previously fined S $ 10,000 in default of three weeks ' jail . Another count of the same offence was taken into consideration .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Under the Employment of Foreign Manpower Act , employers are not allowed to hire a foreigner without first getting a valid work pass for the employee .
Foreign domestic workers are also only allowed to work for the official employer and at the address stated on their work permit card .
Those who break the laws can be fined up to S $ 30,000 , jailed for up to 12 months , or both . Repeat offenders face stiffer penalties including mandatory jail terms , and will also be barred from employing foreign domestic workers .
Advertisement
Tokyo stocks opened higher Tuesday as a weaker yen lifted exporters following reported remarks by the US treasury secretary that a strong dollar is “ a good thing ” over the long term .
Investors also got relief from solid gains on Wall Street in post-holiday trading on Monday , though kept watch over North Korean and Syrian geopolitical risks .
“ Japanese stocks will likely rebound ( from the recent drops ) today with investors heartened by higher US stock prices and the breather in the yen 's appreciation , ” Yoshihiro Ito , chief strategist at Okasan Online Securities , said in a commentary .
The dollar rose after the Financial Times reported US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin 's comments supporting a strong dollar .
“ As the world 's currency , the primary reserve currency , I think that over long periods of time the strength of the dollar is a good thing , ” they told the newspaper in an interview .
Their comments came just days after President Donald Trump told the Wall Street Journal that the greenback was “ getting too strong ” .
Advertisement
But Mnuchin said that the president was making “ a factual comment about the strength of the dollar in the short term ” and that Washington does not intervene in currency markets .
The dollar rose to 109.20 yen early Tuesday from rates in the mid-108 yen range seen before news on Mnuchin 's remarks came out .
A weak yen is positive for Japanese exporters as it inflates their repatriated profits .
Tokyo 's benchmark Nikkei 225 index , which snapped a four-day losing streak on Monday , added 0.86 percent , or 157.29 points , to 18,512.55 in early trading , while the Topix index of all first-section issues rose 0.85 percent , or 12.52 points , to 1,478.21 .
Carmakers were broadly higher with Nissan rising 1.78 percent to 1,028.5 yen and Honda up 1.58 percent at 3,148 yen .
Panasonic rose 1.71 percent to 1,242.5 yen while IT investor SoftBank climbed 1.86 percent to 7,738 yen .
Investors were also watching economic talks later Tuesday between Japan and the United States as Vice President Mike Pence arrives in Tokyo on the second leg of their Asian tour .
On an early Monday morning , Lewis MacAdams plunged into work on a memoir recounting their years spent crusading to return the concrete-lined Los Angeles River to a more natural state .
It seemed an insurmountable task . Their frail body had suffered the toll from a stroke a year ago , and their memory was n't what it used to be .
MacAdams , a poet and founder of Friends of the Los Angeles River , looked up at historian Michael Block from their wheelchair and launched into an anecdote . It involved “ a little walk I took along the riverbank in 1985 with city officials led by Mayor Tom Bradley — all of whom acted as though it was an odd photo opportunity , or some kind of joke . Like it was just… . ”
Suddenly , their words sputtered to a halt . “ Sorry , ” they said faintly . “ I had a brain freeze . ”
A moment later , MacAdams , 74 , picked up the thread of their tale with a fresh twinkle in their eye : “ Looking back , that short walk along the riverbank was incredibly important . It was the moment we went from being spectators to creators when it comes to restoring the river . ”
“ Look at us now — we 're a snow-ballin ' , steamrollin ' , rock 'n ' rollin ' machine , ” they continued with a smile and a clenched fist held high .
Lewis MacAdams recounts stories from their life as a crusader for the Los Angeles River . Al Seib / Los Angeles Times
A leaf rests along the bank of the Los Angeles River in Elysian Valley . Mark Boster / Los Angeles Times
The hub of MacAdams ' life today is a cramped apartment in a Los Angeles retirement community . Each weekday morning Block uses an audio-recording machine , archival photos and documents to retrace MacAdams ' influence in making river restoration a credible issue for Southern California nature lovers and policymakers from former Mayor Tom Bradley to Mayor Eric Garcetti .
The memoir will be called “ Poetry and Politics. ” In another part of the city , in a nondescript San Pedro warehouse , another project celebrating the poet-environmentalist 's legacy nears completion .
Sculptor Eugene Daub is finishing a 7-foot-tall monument featuring MacAdams in stark relief over river flora and fauna including frogs , herons and fish . It will be unveiled Saturday at a celebration near the river 's edge at Marsh Park in Elysian Valley .
Daub 's previous works include a bronze statue in Washington , D.C. , of Rosa Parks , whose arrest in 1955 for refusing to yield their seat to a white passenger led to a boycott of the Montgomery , Ala. , bus system and helped spark the civil rights movement .
Bronze , Daub decided , was not quite the right material for a statue depicting MacAdams .
“ Almost everything I do is in bronze , ” they said . “ But in this case , concrete seemed appropriate since Lewis has campaigned so hard for its removal from the L.A. River channel . ”
Michael Atkins , a spokesperson for Friends of the Los Angeles River , likes to say the monument is “ concrete staring down concrete , and I 'd put my money on Lewis ' stony face outlasting that conveyor belt for urban runoff . ”
The monument depicts MacAdams , their eyes fixed on a distant horizon . Just beneath the visage is one of their favorite phrases : “ If it 's not impossible , I 'm not interested . ”
In the 1980s , MacAdams pioneered a conservationist campaign by demanding that one of the world 's most heavily industrialized rivers be returned to a semblance of its natural flows from the San Gabriel Mountains to the Pacific Ocean .
MacAdams became known as an uncompromising defender of an often-defiled river .
They helped transform the nonprofit Friends of the Los Angeles River into one of the leading conservationist organizations in California with a list of 40,000 supporters , annual river cleanup efforts and educational programs .
Lewis McAdams at their home in the Kingsley Manor retirement community in Los Angeles . Al Seib / Los Angeles Times
MacAdams and Friends also did much of the work to win approval of a $ 1.6-billion federal project to restore habitat , widen the channel , create wetlands and provide access points and bike trails along an 11-mile section of unpaved riverbed north of downtown .
“ Lewis made the entire region aware of the possibility of making the L.A. River more central to the life of our city , ” Deborah Weintraub , chief deputy city engineer , said . “ Because of their unflagging commitment to the cause , we 're starting to make that happen for both people and an array of wildlife . ”
Block said the memoir is also a work in progress — with new stories only MacAdams could provide being unearthed every time they meet .
“ Just the other day , Lewis asked , ‘ Did you ever hear about my Tiananmen Square moment ? ' ” Block recalled .
“ No , ” they responded expectantly . “ But it sure sounds interesting . I 'm all ears . ”
“ Lewis said , ‘ Well , one day , back in the 1980s , I clambered down to the river bottom , raised my hand and stopped a bulldozer in its tracks . ' ”
Block asked what happened next , but MacAdams would not say .
“ Instead , they abruptly changed the subject because they felt uncomfortable calling attention to himself , ” Block said . “ So , the memoir is moving along — slowly . ”
Louis.Sahagun @ latimes.com
@ LouisSahagun
By Troy Sparks
Sports Correspondent
The Burlington wrestling team completed a perfect Southern Lakes Conference dual meet season at 6-0 with a 62-15 win , Jan. 25 , at Union Grove .
The Demons got pins from freshmen Jaden Bird ( 106 ) and Hayden Halter ( 113 ) , sophomores Jake Skrundz ( 145 ) , Ben Kumprey ( 152 ) and Qwade Gehring ( 160 ) and senior Max Travis ( 220 ) . They also received forfeit wins from sophomore Cody Welker ( 120 ) , junior Zac Weiler ( 132 ) and senior Nate Crayton ( 182 ) . Sophomore Max Ehlen ( 138 ) had a tech fall win and sophomore Ben Stevenson had a seven-point decision ( 8-1 ) . Burlington 's losses came at 170 , 195 and 285 .
Now the focus is on the SLC meet at Delavan-Darien on Feb. 3 . The conference feature three teams ranked in the top 10 in the latest wiwrestling.com Division 1 rankings . Burlington has been in the No . 4 spot all season behind Holmen , Kaukauna and Stoughton . Waterford is currently ninth after beginning the season ranked 12th and went as low as eighth . Elkhorn spent the last several weeks not ranked but moved up to 10th overall .
The Demons have 10 individual wrestlers that are in the rankings . Elkhorn have six ranked wrestlers . Lake Geneva Badger and Waterford have four each in the rankings and Union Grove has one ranked wrestler .
Burlington is the clear favorite to win the SLC meet . Since 2010 , the Demons have won or shared six straight conference championships . The streak was broken by Badger , which won in 2016 . The Elks took home the championship in 2017 . Look for Elkhorn and Badger to challenge Burlington for the title this year .
“ I think last year 's top teams , Waterford and Elkhorn , are the top contending teams for the conference title , ” Burlington coach Jade Gribble said . “ Each team has good individuals to compete against . Again , most likely Waterford and Elkhorn have most of those individuals , but each team has some good individuals . Each weight class will be very competitive . ”
Conference meets this Saturday
Barring any upsets along the way , the finals should feature some great matches in eight key weight classes .
In a battle of top-10 ranked freshmen wrestlers , No . 4 Cade Willis ( Badger ) could face wrestle Jaden Bird ( Burlington ) at 106 . Willis did n't face Bird in the dual meet January 4 . The wild-card in this class could be Elkhorn first-year student honorable mention pick Payton Jacobson , who lost to Bird 6-5 in the Dec. 7 dual match at Burlington .
Freshman Hayden Halter ( Burlington , No . 3 ) pitched a shutout against senior Beau Ladu ( Badger , honorable mention ) , 10-0 at 113 in the dual meet . Ladu probably lost lots of sleep since that night and ca n't wait to get a crack at Halter again if both make it to the final match .
An intriguing matchup would be No . 8 sophomore Cody Welker ( Burlington ) against No . 9 first-year student Jake Stritesky ( Badger ) at 120 . Sophomore Ben Stevenson ( honorable mention , Burlington ) should get their chance to wrestle No . 2 Elkhorn senior Grant Truesdale at 126 . Truesdale moved up to 132 in their dual match at Burlington and did n't face Stevenson .
The rematch at 138 between sophomores Max Ehlen of Burlington ( No . 7 ) and Brandon Martinez ( Badger , honorable mention ) should be a good one . Ehlen beat Martinez 13-4 in their last meeting . In a battle of sophomores , Jake Skrundz ( Burlington , No . 9 ) could meet honorable mention Elkhorn wrestler Coleman Karl . Skrundz pinned Karl in their dual meet with a minute left in the match at 145 .
The best match of the day could be between seniors Nate Crayton ( Burlington ) , who 's ranked fourth at 182 , and top-ranked Waterford wrestler Jared Krattiger .
Other ranked wrestlers in the field include senior Sam Winski ( Waterford , honorable mention ) at 120 , No . 4 Elkhorn junior Daniel Stilling ( 132 ) , Waterford honorable mention junior Alex Guardiola ( 152 ) , No . 12 Union Grove junior Alex Rewolnski ( 170 ) , Elkhorn senior Myles Schumacher ( No . 12 ) , second-ranked Jack Trautman ( Waterford , 195 ) , Max Travis ( Burlington , honorable mention ) and 10th-ranked Elkhorn senior Hunter Hummel at 285 .
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
Tumblr
LinkedIn
comments
The benefits boosting farm efficiency and yields through good soil management techniques will be stressed to local farmers at a free event .
Taking place on Thursday , February 23 at West Mains of Kinblethmont Farm near Arbroath , the event is designed to help farmers cope with future challenges and improve profitability .
The Valuing Your Soils : Benefits of Precision Agriculture Workshop is being organised by researchers and consultants from Scotland 's Rural College ( SRUC ) , SEPA , and SoilEssentials , the precision farming company , and run with funding from CREW ( Centre for Expertise in Waters ) .
The meeting will focus on practical guidance to soil management .
Dr Joanna Cloy , Researcher with SRUC Crop and Soil Systems said : “ This is a soils awareness raising event and programme includes presentations on the benefits of using precision agriculture technology , soils practical guidance , relevant research activities , and protecting soils and the environment . ”
The workshop will include demonstrations of drone flights and other technology as well as a farm tour with open soil pits and practical demonstrations of soil visual evaluation .
Those attending will receive a copy of the “ Valuing your Soils ” brochure and be able to engage in open discussion with the advisers and researchers .
The workshop is the third of five ‘ Valuing Your Soils ' events being held across Scotland and links with a wider catalogue of events in the Farming for a Better Climate initiative funded by the Scottish Government .
The meeting starts at 11am and finishes at 3pm .
While a free lunch will be provided it would help those planning the event if anyone wishing to attend registered with SRUC Research in Edinburgh on 0131 535 4155 or joanna.cloy @ sruc.ac.uk
The board of directors of the Independent Cattlemen of Wyoming met in Casper , Wyo. , on Jan. 15 , 2018 , to elect new officers .
With the new officers up and running , they are currently tackling such issues looming in the legislative budget session such as fighting the tax issue of raising property taxes by 2 percent ( in reality more , when viewing the method of calculation ) , a sales tax to be put on all current exemptions including medical expenses , health insurance premiums , groceries , etc. , affecting not only ICOW members , but all Wyoming citizens , and a preliminary gross receipts bill which would require documentation from every businesses ' gross ( not net ) receipts to the secretary of state 's office , for future `` potential sources of revenue , '' i.e . taxes . Once they gather that information , they can move forward to passing such a bill in the future . New officers who are leading the charge from 2018 through 2019 are : Bobby Giesse , president , Les Barkhurst , vice-president , Nina David , secretary and Joyce Menke , treasurer . New directors were nominated at the annual meeting in November , and subsequently voted on by the members . Directors are divided into regions , and the terms are staggered . Current directors are : District 1 ( Laramie , Goshen , Platte ) Mark Bebo and Larry Goyen ; District 2 ( Carbon , Albany , Sweetwater ) Les Barkhurst , Joyce Menke ; District 3 ( Teton , Sublette , Lincoln , Uinta ) Jim Jensen , Nina David ; District 4 ( Campbell , Johnson , Sheridan ) John Hanson , Nathan Williams ; District 5 ( Park , Big Horn , Washakie , Hot Springs ) Stanley Jones ; District 6 ( Crook , Weston , Niobrara ) Bobby Giesse , Justin Gerstner ; District 7 ( Fremont , Natrona , Converse ) W. Frank Eathorne , Tammy Delyea .
Smith to serve on congressional delegation to NAFTA negotiations
WASHINGTON — Congressman Adrian Smith , R-Neb. , was selected to serve on the congressional delegation that traveled to North American Free Trade Agreement negotiations in Montreal last week , where they met with negotiators , government officials and business leaders to stress the importance of the trade agreement . `` NAFTA is vital to Nebraska agriculture , and I have been focused throughout the negotiations on making the case to do no harm to the ag economy , '' Smith said . `` I am pleased to have the opportunity to serve on this congressional delegation and bring Nebraska 's voice to the table in the next round of NAFTA talks . As negotiations move forward , I will continue to lead on this crucial issue and work to strengthen the market access ag producers have achieved under NAFTA . '' Smith serves on the Ways and Means Committee , which has jurisdiction over trade .
Wiseman named interim Colorado State Fair general manager
PUEBLO , Colo. — The Colorado Department of Agriculture is reviewing applications for the vacant Colorado State Fair general manager position . Until that position is filled , former CDA Deputy Commissioner Chris Wiseman has been named as interim general manager . The vacancy was created when Sarah Cummings , the fair 's general manager since 2015 , accepted the executive director position for the Western Fairs Association headquartered in their home state of California . Wiseman retired from CDA in November 2017 , after 23 years of state service , 18 of those at the Colorado State Fair . A Pueblo native , they began their association with the fair while serving as an aide to former Gov . Roy Romer . In 1996 , Romer assigned Wiseman to assist in the expo 's return to state government . In 1998 , they became assistant manager of the fair and in October of 2004 , they were named general manager . In 2015 , Wiseman was named deputy commissioner for the Colorado Department of Agriculture . They retired from that position in 2018 . The Colorado State Fair runs Aug. 24-Sept. 3 , 2018 . For more information , visit http : //www.coloradostatefair.com .
Recommended Stories For You
National 4-H Roundup contest results
The 2017 Western National Roundup was held in Denver Jan. 4-7 , 2018 . Two teams from the Boulder County 4-H Horse Program represented Colorado at this event in the Horse Classic as a result of winning their respective contests at the Colorado 4-H State Conference in June . In a close contest , the Boulder County 4-H judging team , consisting of Bennett Groshong , Melanie Hansen and Katherine Cannady , and coached by Rachel LeClere , tied in points for the championship and were named reserve champion as a result of the tiebreaker , which was based on points awarded for reasons . The team placed fourth in halter , third in reasons and first in performance . Individual awards were : Bennett Groshong 17th in halter , 4th in performance , fourth in reasons , and fifth overall ; Katherine Cannady fifth in halter , 14th in performance , seventh in reasons , and sixth overall ; and Melanie Hansen fifth in performance , 10th in reasons and nineth overall . The Boulder County 4-H Horse Bowl Team , consisting of captain Reilly Dhaliwal , Ryleigh Corlett , Alora Klatka , Sam Trombly and Caitlin Steele , coached by Carmen Porter , were the champion Horse Bowl Team . Individually , four of the team members placed in the top 10 . Alora Klatka was 10th , Reilly Dhaliwal was eighth , Ryleigh Corlett was fifth , and Sam Trombly placed as third overall individual . In addition , the two teams were contributors to the state of Colorado being awarded first place in the Horse Classic High State Overall Award , which combined team and individual contest placings from all the horse-related contests .
Four finalists named in NEFB YF & R discussion meet
OMAHA , Neb . — Chris Niemann of Dwight , Erin Norman of Crawford , Jason Perdue of York and Brady Revels of Omaha advanced to the final round of the Nebraska Farm Bureau Young Farmers and Ranchers discussion meet to be held at the next NEFB Annual Convention in December . Eleanor Aufdenkamp of North Platte was named first alternate and Luke Norman of Crawford is the second alternate . Finalists received the top scores of contestants after competing in three rounds of the discussion meet at the YF & R Conference on Jan. 19-20 . Niemann is a fourth-generation farmer who grows corn , soybeans and raises beef cattle on their family farm in Butler County , where they serve on their county Farm Bureau board . They and their wife , Ashely , have a son , 3-year-old Colton , who they hope will become the fifth generation to farm in their family . Erin Norman is a Dawes County Farm Bureau board member and they serve on the YF & R Committee . Norman is a teacher at Chadron State College and is a registered dietitian . They are currently working toward earning a PhD in public health . They live on the family ranch with their husband , Luke , and their four children , Ada , 7 , Ben , 5 , Claire , 3 , and Axel , 1 . Perdue is a York County Farm Bureau member who works for a family-owned ag retail company that distributes crop protection products . They also serve as the York County Farm Bureau president and serves on the YF & R Committee . Perdue raises corn and soybeans , has a small cattle herd and is a contract poultry farmer . They and their wife , Karah , have four children Annah , 8 , Lane , 7 , Bennett , 4 , and Jase , 2 . Revels is a Douglas County Farm Bureau board member and serves on the YF & R Committee . They grew up on a family farm in Florida , but relocated to Nebraska when their job as a sales representative for an animal health company moved them to Omaha . They help coach several areas FFA judging teams and volunteers with the Nebraska State Dairy Contest . Their wife , Katie , is a chiropractor . Aufdenkamp is a Lincoln County Farm Bureau member and a graduate of the Nebraska College of Technical Agriculture in Curtis . They are currently studying agriculture education at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln . Them goals include becoming a high school ag teacher and FFA adviser . Aufdenkamp is heavily involved in their Collegiate Farm Bureau , livestock judging team , Collegiate Cattlemen and NCTA Women in Ag .
Luke Norman is a member of the Dawes County Farm Bureau board . They run a cow/calf ranch in western Nebraska , is a feed salesperson , and recently expanded the family business by selling registered Angus bulls . They ranch with their wife , Erin , and their four children , Ada , 7 , Ben , 5 , Claire , 3 and Axel , 1 .
Krone NA names Fowler as president and CEO
Krone North America announced that Tommy Jones has resigned their role as president and CEO of the company . Jones has been replaced in that leadership role by Rusty Fowler , who led the company for 28 years , from 1986 through 2014 . `` Speaking on behalf of the entire Krone Organization , we want to thank Tommy for their contributions to the continued development of our company in North America , '' Fowler said . `` However , there are times when all parties involved realize that the leadership at the top must be adjusted to ensure consensus and alignment on business direction and goals . Fortunately , our existing leadership team averages over 25 years of experience with the company which will ensure a seamless transition following this change . '' `` I 'm excited to have the pleasure to lead this company once again , '' Fowler said . `` Krone NA has always had a concentrated focus on our core values as an organization , as well as putting our dealers and customers first . That focus does n't change . We know that when they are successful , we are successful . ''
USDA announces American Lamb Board appointments
WASHINGTON — Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue announced the appointment of five members to serve on the American Lamb Board . The members appointed to serve three-year terms are : Sally J. Scholle , producer , Littlestown , Pa. ; David Quam , producer , San Angelo , Texas ; Peter J. Camino , feeder , Buffalo , Wyo . ; Elizabeth A.W . dressler , first handler , Parker , Colo. ; Greg Deakin , seedstock producer , Cuba , Ill. `` These appointees represent a cross-section of the lamb industry with great experience in the industry and I know they will help us better meet the needs of our American farmers , ranchers , and producers , '' Perdue said . ❖
Police arrest a Tulsa teen for stealing an SUV idling outside a Tulsa convenience store early Monday with a toddler in the backseat .
Officers say the theft of the Jeep Liberty happened just after 3:30 a.m. at Haney 's One Stop at 36th Street North and Peoria .
News On 6 was there when 18-year-old Micah Feaster was arrested . Police say Feaster jumped in the SUV and drove away with the toddler 's father running after the thief while calling police .
We talked off camera with the father who was very shaken up .
Officers arrived a few minutes later after finding the Jeep a few blocks away . They said Feaster returned the SUV to the convenience store where they were taken into custody .
Police say Micah Feaster told officers they did not know the child was inside the vehicle until they heard the child cough .
Police say the toddler was not hurt .
Tulsa County jail records show Feaster was booked in on complaints of possession of a stolen vehicle , not have a driver 's license and failure to yield to an emergency vehicle .
Britain 's TSB bank , owned by Spain 's Banco Sabadell , took down its mobile app and online services on Tuesday in an attempt to fix technical problems which have locked customers out of their accounts .
LONDON/DUBLIN : Britain 's TSB Bank , owned by Spain 's Banco Sabadell , faced continuing problems with its digital services on Tuesday as Royal Bank of Scotland 's Irish unit also reported an issue that led to salaries going missing from some accounts .
TSB , which apologised on Monday after some customers were unable to access their accounts online , said it needed to take its mobile application and online banking down for a `` few hours '' after working for 48 hours to fix the problem .
The bank said about 402 customers on Sunday were able to see data that they would not usually see online , often of so-called `` connected accounts '' that family members typically use .
`` I 'm truly sorry , '' TSB Chief Executive Officer Paul Pester said in a statement , adding that the services should be back online later on Tuesday .
Nicky Morgan , chair of the British parliament 's influential Treasury Select Committee , said customers deserved to know how they can expect to be compensated and that they would be writing to the FCA ( UK finance regulator ) on the matter .
`` Customers can rest assured that no one will be left out of pocket as a result of these service issues , '' TSB 's Pester said .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Ulster Bank , the Irish unit of RBS , said on Tuesday that it was aware that some transactions applied to accounts in the Irish Republic over the last five days were not appearing .
The bank , Ireland 's third largest , suffered a huge system crash in 2012 that deprived customers of basic banking services for almost a month and cost it 59 million euros in compensation and a 3.5 million euro fine from the country 's central bank .
Customers complained to the bank 's customer services account on Twitter that large sums were missing , debit cards had been declined and in some cases accounts were overdrawn .
`` We are aware that some transactions previously applied to accounts for ROI ( Republic of Ireland ) customers since 20/04 are no longer showing . We are working hard to fix this issue and apologise for any inconvenience , '' Ulster Bank said .
( Reporting by Noor Zainab Hussain in Bengaluru , Guy Faulconbridge in London and Padraic Halpin in Dublin ; Editing by Mark Potter and Alexander Smith )
Q & A : What would happen if the Bill Cosby jury deadlocks ?
NORRISTOWN , Pa. ( AP ) After three days , the jury in entertainer Bill Cosby 's sex assault trial outside of Philadelphia has been unable to reach a verdict on three counts of aggravated indecent assault . Deliberations were set to resume Thursday .
The jury must reach a unanimous decision . If the jury tells the judge they are deadlocked , they will have considerable flexibility under Pennsylvania law in how to respond .
Q : How long can deliberations go ?
A : It 's rare that juries go for more than a couple days , according to veteran jury consultant Art Patterson , a social psychologist with DecisionQuest , a New York-based trial consulting firm .
The Cosby jurors were picked 300 miles away in Pittsburgh and have been sequestered in the Philadelphia suburbs during the trial .
“ Hung juries are n't that common because jurors want to reach a verdict , and they usually get to a verdict , ” Patterson said .
If deliberations drag on , that 's usually because either the panel is divided or , in complex cases , they are reviewing voluminous amounts of evidence . The Cosby jury got the case on the sixth day of the trial .
“ People usually have their minds pretty well made up early in the deliberations process , ” Patterson said .
Philadelphia-based jury consultant Melissa M. Gomez said : “ There 's a good chance that there are polarizations of opinion on either end , and they want to go through evidence carefully , simultaneously – those things are happening at once . ”
Q : What happens if they tell the judge they are deadlocked ?
A : In nearly all cases , a judge would tell them to keep at it , according to Pennsylvania criminal defense lawyer Ed Paskey , “ as long as it 's not going to do violence to their conscience or their individual opinions . ”
Paskey , a former prosecutor with nearly 100 jury trials under their belt , said they have seen a judge tell jurors three times to resume deliberations , and in that case they did produce a conviction in a sexual assault case .
“ It 's a very , very rare occasion that a judge is going to let a jury off the hook on the first indication they 're hopelessly deadlocked , ” Paskey said . “ If you start to get into three or four full days , then there is going to be some concern after that point that perhaps a jury is not going to be able to reach a verdict . ”
Pittsburgh defense attorney Bernard Tully , a former prosecutor , said judges usually encourage jurors facing an impasse to try again , respecting one another 's opinions , before they are willing to declare a mistrial .
“ The language , a lot of times , that triggers this ( is ) if they come back and say , ‘ We 're hopelessly deadlocked and there 's no reasonable amount of additional deliberations that would cause us to change our views , ' ” Tully said . “ At that point , in all likelihood , the judge would declare a mistrial . ”
Q : Short of a mistrial , can the judge take other action ?
A : Patterson said judges have discretion to remove individual jurors under certain conditions .
“ If the other jurors say to the judge , one juror will not deliberate , will not discuss facts , reasons , will not participate , judges have actually removed jurors . That 's a very extreme move , but it can be done , ” they said .
Tully said the judge would need “ some foundation or basis for that radical step , ” more than simply hearing that someone has dug in their heels .
“ Jurors are not required to give up a real belief just to reach a verdict , ” Tully said .
Q : What happens to Cosby if there 's a hung jury ?
A : The charges would stand . Prosecutors would get four months to decide whether to retry the case or abandon it . Tully said Cosby would likely get the same bail conditions – they are free on $ 1 million bond – as they have attended all the hearings .
Q : How do prosecutors decide whether to retry a case that produced a hung jury ?
A : Patterson said the factors include prosecutors ' own analysis of the strength of the evidence , how high-profile the case is and the cost to go through another trial .
“ There 's a phrase that 's often repeated , that the evidence rarely gets any better after the first trial for the prosecution , ” Paskey said . They said prosecutors also factor in the willingness of victims to go through a trial again .
Prosecutors can ask the jurors who could not reach a verdict if they will discuss what occurred . If they give the district attorney the sense there were several people willing to acquit , that would complicate a decision to retry him , Tully said .
“ I would think they 'd listen very heavily to what the jurors had to say , if they 'll talk , ” Tully said .
New Delhi : Small and medium enterprises ( SMEs ) raised a staggering Rs 825 crore through initial public offerings in the first quarter of 2018-19 , more than a two-fold jump from the preceding financial year .
Funds raised through initial public offers ( IPOs ) were meant for business expansion plans , working capital requirements and other general corporate purposes , according to offer documents .
A total of 47 companies got listed with initial shares-sale offers worth Rs 825 crore during April-June quarter of 2018-19 as compared to 24 firms which tapped the IPO route to garner Rs 310 crore in the same period of the previous year , as per the data provided by merchant banker .
This reflects a significant rise in the amount raised through SME platforms of BSE and NSE .
Further , average issue size also increased to over Rs 17 crore during the period under review from Rs 13 crore in the first quarter of 2017-18 .
`` It has been more than six years since SME market opened up and we have witnessed this market evolving gradually with varying trends : high over-subscriptions , widening shareholder base , venture capital exits through this platform , anchor investor participation and the like .
`` This segment will continue to be of interest and will grow leaps and bounds in time to come , '' said Mahavir Lunawat , Group Managing Director , at Pantomath Advisory Services Group .
Geographically , Gujarat topped the list as a maximum 17 firms from the state listed on SME bourses , followed by Maharashtra ( 11 ) , Delhi ( 5 ) and Madhya Pradesh ( 3 ) .
A gradual shift from heavy over sub-subscription to low or minimal subscription pattern was seen in SME IPOs . Out of 47 IPOs , only 7 got subscribed more than 10 times , 14 initial share-sale offers witnessed a subscription between 2 and 10 times and 17 public issues subscribed less than 2 times .
Further , participation from anchor investors has been increasing in the small and medium enterprises segment too .
`` Pricing of SME IPOs are generally attractive and due to high demand , post listing the prices rally up to a significant number . Markets have been corrected sharply in 2018 so far and SMEs are no exceptions . The decline in prices of some of the SME scripts was also seen in the quarter , '' Lunawat added .
UNION , KY ( August 12 , 2017 ) – Tim McCreadie passed race-leader , Scott Bloomquist on lap 97 and then held off Bobby Pierce and Bloomquist to win the 35th Annual Sunoco Race Fuels North/South 100 – presented by Lucas Oil on Saturday night at the Florence Speedway . Bloomquist had been the dominant car for most of the race until McCreadie and Pierce went to the outside of the track – both forging ahead of Bloomquist with three laps remaining .
McCreadie earned $ 50,000 in their first-ever win at the King Family promoted facility . Pierce ; last year 's winner ; came home in second with Bloomquist ; a 2-time winner of the race ; finishing in third . Jimmy Owens led the first 17 laps , but finished in fourth . Darrell Lanigan was fifth at the checkered flag .
With a standing-room only crowd on hand for the event ; McCreadie did their patented victory lane celebration that had the crowd cheering ever louder . “ I think we all have learned a lot from Bobby [ Pierce ] – if there is something out there you need to run it . Bobby and I probably raced a bit too clean ; we had an issue at the Show-Me . I appreciate that they ran me clean . They [ Pierce ] is turning into a true professional . They could have raced me dirty , but they did n't . ”
“ Thanks to Sweeteners Plus and Longhorn Chassis this makes perfect sense . Never in my wildest dreams did I think it would turn out like this . Thanks to everybody at the shop , also a big thanks to Pro Power Racing Engines and Penske Racing Shocks . I was a little free early on , but as the track burned off we got better . I was tighter through the center than I would have liked . I am bullheaded sometimes , but I put my faith in my guys tonight and it paid off . ”
Bloomquist took the lead from Owens on lap 18 and was in control of the race until with ten laps to go when McCreadie and Pierce both went to the top side to track Bloomquist down . The crowd then got on its collective feet as McCreadie took the lead from Bloomquist .
“ Congrats to McCreadie on the win . That is what you call racing , ” said Pierce . “ A few months ago at the Show-Me I I kind of rubbed them a little bit . They are n't happy about that . Tonight we were duking it out and we kind of came up through the field like teammates there , it 's like we were drafting of each other . Last year there was a lot of cushion to use as compared to this year , so it made it a little tougher . ”
Bloomquist ; who was looking for their first North/South 100 win since 2000 and was coming off three-straight years of runner-up finishes ; looked to be headed to their third win in the event until McCreadie and Pierce caught him . “ We did n't realize they were that high and I did n't think there much up there to work with . I did n't really get a signal to where they were at on the track . I had no way of knowing . We kind of stayed right in the middle and was pacing ourselves . ”
Completing the top ten were Brandon Overton , Zack Dohm , Josh Richards , and Hudson O'Neal .
Lucas Oil Late Model Dirt Series
Race Summary
Saturday , August 12th , 2017
Sunoco North/South 100 – presented by Lucas Oil Products
Florence Speedway – Union , KY
Eibach Springs Heat Race # 1 – ROUND ONE Finish : Eddie Carrier , Jr. , Victor Lee , Dale McDowell , Michael Page , Shanon Buckingham , Jason Jameson , Jeep VanWormer , Jason Miller , Steve Casebolt , Connor Meade , Paul Stubber , Trevor Landrum
FK Rod Ends Heat Race # 2 – ROUND ONE Finish : Scott Bloomquist , Zack Dohm , Jimmy Owens , Hudson O'Neal , Robby Hensley , Austin Hubbard , Gregg Satterlee , Tyler Erb , Devin Moran , Brandon Kinzer , Zak Blackwood
Simpson Performance Products Heat Race # 3 – ROUND ONE Finish : Jonathan Davenport , Steve Landrum , Brian Shirley , James Rice , Chad Stapleton , Jackie Boggs , Earl Pearson , Jr. , Craig Vosbergen , Rick Eckert , Kody Evans , Devin Gilpin
QA1 Heat Race # 4 – ROUND ONE Finish : Josh Richards , Billy Moyer , Jr. , RJ Conley , Chris Combs , Mike Marlar , Timothy Culp , Dennis Erb , Jr. , John Whitney , Tommy Bailey , John Gill , Billy Green
ASi Racewear Heat # 5 – ROUND ONE Finish : Bobby Pierce , Kyle Bronson , Darrell Lanigan , Tim McCreadie , Brandon Overton , Michael Chilton , Boom Briggs , Nick Latham , Ray Cook , Jesse Lay , Cody Mahoney
DirtOnDirt.com Heat # 6 – ROUND ONE Finish : Don O'Neal , Kent Robinson , Steve Francis , Mason Zeigler , Scott James , Chris Ferguson , Dustin Nobbe , Austyn Mills , Adam Bowman , Joey Moriarty , Roger Williams
Eibach Springs Heat Race # 1 – ROUND TWO Finish : Jimmy Owens , Jason Jameson , Darrell Lanigan , Josh Richards , Rick Eckert , Zack Dohm , Kyle Bronson , Jeep VanWormer , RJ Conley , James Rice , Dustin Nobbe
FK Rod Ends Heat Race # 2 – ROUND TWO Finish : Shanon Buckingham , Scott James , Jason Miller , Jackie Boggs , Mason Zeigler , Cody Mahoney , Tyler Erb , Austin Hubbard , Timothy Culp , Kody Evans , John Gill
Simpson Performance Products Heat Race # 3 – ROUND TWO Finish : Tim McCreadie , Scott Bloomquist , Adam Bowman , Bobby Pierce , Chad Stapleton , Trevor Landrum , Steve Landrum , Tommy Bailey , Paul Stubber , Austyn Mills , Devin Gilpin
QA1 Heat Race # 4 – ROUND TWO Finish : Mike Marlar , Michael Chilton , Steve Casebolt , Brian Shirley , Don O'Neal , Chris Combs , Steve Francis , Victor Lee , Boom Briggs , Brandon Kinzer , Robby Hensley
ASi Racewear Heat # 5 – ROUND TWO Finish : Earl Pearson , Jr. , Hudson O'Neal , Chris Ferguson , Nick Latham , Michael Page , Kent Robinson , Craig Vosbergen , Eddie Carrier , Jr. , Billy Green , Ray Cook , John Whitney
DirtOnDirt.com Heat # 6 – ROUND TWO Finish : Brandon Overton , Gregg Satterlee , Devin Moran , Joey Moriarty , Billy Moyer , Jr. , Jonathan Davenport , Dale McDowell , Connor Meade , Roger Williams , Jesse Lay , Dennis Erb , Jr .
Penske Racing Shocks B-Main # 1 Finish ( 15 Laps – Top 2 Transfer ) : Zack Dohm , Victor Lee , Kent Robinson , Jackie Boggs , Dennis Erb , Jr. , Kyle Bronson , Steve Francis , Craig Vosbergen , Adam Bowman , RJ Conley , Trevor Landrum , Austyn Mills , Billy Green , Tyler Erb , Paul Stubber , Rick Eckert-DNS , John Gill-DNS
Fast Shafts B-Main # 2 Finish ( 15 Laps – Top 2 Transfer ) : Eddie Carrier , Jr. , Mason Zeigler , Dale McDowell , Earl Pearson , Jr. , Nick Latham , Steve Landrum , Devin Moran , Timothy Culp , Chad Stapleton , Connor Meade , Jesse Lay , Zak Blackwood , James Rice , Robby Hensley , John Whitney , Cody Mahoney , Brandon Kinzer-DNS
Sunoco B-Main # 3 Finish ( 15 Laps – Top 2 Transfer ) : Gregg Satterlee , Michael Chilton , Steve Casebolt , Jason Miller , Chris Combs , Chris Ferguson , Austin Hubbard , Ray Cook , Dustin Nobbe , Tommy Bailey , Roger Williams , Devin Gilpin , Michael Page , Boom Briggs , Joey Moriarty , Jeep VanWormer-DNS , Kody Evans-DNS
Feature Finish ( 100 Laps ) :
FINISH START CAR # DRIVER NAME HOMETOWN EARNINGS 1 4 39 Tim McCreadie Watertown , NY $ 50,700 2 5 32 Bobby Pierce Oakwood , IL $ 10,000 3 1 0 Scott Bloomquist Mooresburg , TN $ 8,100 4 2 20 Jimmy Owens Newport , TN $ 5,800 5 7 14 Darrell Lanigan Union , KY $ 4,700 6 11 116 Brandon Overton Evans , GA $ 3,800 7 17 17d Zack Dohm Cross Lanes , WV $ 3,600 8 3 1R Josh Richards Shinnston , WV $ 4,200 9 15 49 Jonathan Davenport Williamston , SC $ 3,350 10 8 71 Hudson O'Neal ® Martinsville , IN $ 4,100 11 10 5 Don O'Neal Martinsville , IN $ 4,050 12 6 50 Shanon Buckingham Morristown , TN $ 3,200 13 22 97 Michael Chilton Salvisa , KY $ 3,150 14 9 157 Mike Marlar Winfield , TN $ 3,125 15 19 22 Gregg Satterlee ® Rochester Mills , PA $ 3,800 16 18 10C Eddie Carrier , Jr. Salt Rock , WV $ 3,075 17 16 21JR Billy Moyer , Jr. Batesville , AR $ 3,050 18 23 1 Earl Pearson , Jr. Jacksonville , FL $ 3,825 19 12 83 Scott James Lawrenceburg , IN $ 3,000 20 21 25Z Mason Zeigler Chalk Hill , PA $ 3,000 21 26 15 Steve Francis Bowling Green , KY $ 800 22 24 28E Dennis Erb , Jr. Carpentersville , IL $ 3,700 23 20 6 Victor Lee Danville , KY $ 3,000 24 27 21H Robby Hensley Walton , KY $ 3,000 25 13 3s Brian Shirley Chatham , IL $ 3,000 26 14 12J Jason Jameson Lawrenceburg , IN $ 3,000 27 26 99B Boom Briggs ® Bear Lake , PA $ 800
Non-Qualifiers Race Finish : Dale McDowell , Craig Vosbergen , Kent Robinson , Steve Casebolt , Jackie Boggs , Austin Hubbard , Nick Latham , Timothy Culp , Chad Stapleton , Ray Cook , Trevor Landrum , Dustin Nobbe , Jesse Lay , Jason Miller , Connor Meade , Chris Ferguson , Tommy Bailey , Chris Combs , Steve Landrum
Race Statistics
Entrants : 67
Lap Leaders : Jimmy Owens ( Laps 1 – 17 ) ; Scott Bloomquist ( Laps 18 – 95 ) ; Tim McCreadie ( Laps 97 – 100 )
Cautions : Mason Zeigler ( Lap 34 ) ; Dennis Erb Jr. ( Lap 38 ) ; Gregg Satterlee ( Lap 63 )
Lucas Oil Late Model Dirt Series Provisionals : Earl Pearson Jr. , Gregg Satterlee
Lucas Oil Late Model Dirt Series Emergency Provisionals : Steve Francis , Boom Briggs
Florence Speedway Track Provisionals : Robby Hensley
Wrisco Feature Winner : Tim McCreadie
Optima Batteries Hard Charger of the Race : Zack Dohm ( Started : 17th ; Finished : 10th ; Advanced 7 Positions )
Midwest Sheet Metal Spoiler Challenge Point Leader : Josh Richards
Allstar Performance Power Move of the Race : Zack Dohm
Sunoco Race for Gas The Highest Finisher : Jimmy Owens
Hot Rod Processing Rookie of the Race : Hudson O'Neal
COMP Cams Engine Builder of the Race : Pro Power Race Engines
Ohlins Shocks Chassis Builder of the Race : Longhorn Chassis
Outerwears Crew Chief of the Race : Phillip Snellen ( Tim McCreadie )
Fastest Lap of the Race : Jimmy Owens ( Lap # 3 – 16.8283 seconds )
Safecraft Most Laps Led : Scott Bloomquist ( 79 Laps )
PFC Brakes Pole Award : Scott Bloomquist
Time of Race : 40 minutes 08 seconds
Lucas Oil Championship Point Standings :
POS CAR # DRIVER NAME HOMETOWN POINTS EARNINGS 1 1R Josh Richards Shinnston , WV 6425 $ 179,500 2 39 Tim McCreadie Watertown , NY 6290 $ 239,125 3 0 Scott Bloomquist Mooresburg , TN 6210 $ 176,425 4 5 Don O'Neal Martinsville , IN 5765 $ 109,650 5 20 Jimmy Owens Newport , TN 5755 $ 119,125 6 1 Earl Pearson , Jr. Jacksonville , FL 5685 $ 112,600 7 14 Darrell Lanigan Union , KY 5610 $ 94,200 8 28E Dennis Erb , Jr. Carpentersville , IL 5360 $ 78,275 9 71 Hudson O'Neal ® Martinsville , IN 5190 $ 73,700 10 22 Gregg Satterlee ® Rochester Mills , PA 5110 $ 83,325 11 15 Steve Francis Bowling Green , KY 4990 $ 62,475 12 99B Boom Briggs ® Bear Lake , PA 4650 $ 51,050
* Points are unofficial until Close of Business on the Tuesday following Race Day *
When Evelyn Coulson 's family moved them into Sunrise Erin Mills nine years ago , it was supposed to be a short stay at the retirement home for the grandmother who was recovering from a broken hip and suffering from Alzheimer 's .
Daughter Lynn Cunningham says they were so concerned about their care that they had Sunrise sign an agreement promising close monitoring of their bedridden mother and even paid an extra $ 213 a week for additional attention .
But just 20 days after Coulson moved in , the body of the 77-year-old mother of five was discovered hanging off their bed , their neck still trapped between their mattress and a device attached to its side called a Halo Safety Ring .
That was horrific enough .
Sunrise then allegedly tried to cover up the cause of Coulson 's death , telling the family they had died of natural causes and even placing a white towel over their neck so they would n't see the ghastly black bruises from where she 'd been strangled .
“ This case is about a family putting their trust in a nursing home and having that trust broken in the worst imaginable way , ” lawyer Michael Smitiuch said in their opening statement to the Coulsons ' $ 5 million lawsuit against Sunrise .
“ Evelyn 's death need not and should not have happened . ”
The Halo safety rings were attached on each side of their bed on the advice of Sunrise , located in the Erin Mills Pkwy.-Burnhamthorpe Rd . area , the lawyer contends . The jury has heard the devices were installed incorrectly and both Riska Medical/Surgical Supply and the manufacturer , Kunde Healthcare Services , have since settled and are no longer part of the Coulsons ' lawsuit .
The family claims Sunrise should have realized the rings had n't been installed properly .
“ For over 20 days with the Halo in place , they did n't identify the strangulation risk — the gap — nor take any steps to fix it , ” their lawyer told the six jurors . “ Sunrise of Erin Mills had the last and best opportunity to prevent Evelyn 's death . ”
More than 10 family members filled one side of the small Brampton courtroom , many of them breaking into tears when Smitiuch unveiled a photo of Coulson after their death .
It was the coroner who removed the towel from their neck and told them that instead of the peaceful ending they 'd imagined , the rock of their large family had died from strangulation , the lawyer said .
“ They saw Evelyn with the thick , dark marks on their neck , ” they said . “ Greg ( Coulson ) and Lynn let out horrified screams . ”
Since then , Smitiuch said Greg Coulson , a Brampton firefighter , has suffered lasting psychological trauma from what they saw , including vivid nightmares , a suicide attempt and an arrest for theft . “ Greg 's life started to fall apart . ”
It will be up to the jury to decide how much of their troubles should be blamed on their mom 's death , the lawyer said .
In their opening , Sunrise lawyer Anita Varjacic told the jury Coulson 's “ unfortunate accident ” should be blamed on the medical supplier who installed the devices and the manufacturer who did n't warn the company about the risks of entrapment .
“ Sunrise did nothing wrong , ” they said .
They also seemed to suggest Coulson 's role in the family was waning : they were suffering from numerous health problems and was largely non-verbal due to their Alzheimer 's . Varjacic also warned jurors to consider whether Greg Coulson 's depression and PTSD should be blamed on their 30 years as a firefighter rather than the “ accidental passing ” of their mom .
Most surprising was this argument : that Coulson was a tenant in an assisted living home and not a patient in a long-term care facility guaranteed 24-hour care . But in fact , the lawyer added , staff had checked on them an hour before they were discovered without vital signs .
“ They admittedly panicked , ” conceded Varjacic . But they insisted there was no cover-up : they had placed them back in bed and covered their neck “ out of dignity and respect ” so their mouth would remain closed when relatives were brought in to see them
The family maintains Sunrise was hoping they could hide their liability .
“ Had Sunrise simply done the job they 'd promised to do — in writing — Evelyn 's death could have been prevented . Sunrise was the last line of defence and they failed , ” said Smitiuch .
“ They 're not here for sympathy . They 're here for justice . ”
The trial continues .
mmandel @ postmedia.com
LAS VEGAS ( AP ) — The Latest on Game 2 of the Stanley Cup final between the Washington Capitals and Vegas Golden Knights ( all times local ) :
___
4:49 p.m .
The Washington Capitals are used to being down , making it difficult to count them out .
Washington trails Vegas 1-0 in the Stanley Cup Final and it also fell behind in each of the first three rounds .
The Capitals opened the playoffs with two losses to Columbus before roaring back to win four straight . They lost Game 1 in the second round against Pittsburgh before bouncing back with a win in Game 2 and eliminating the two-time defending champion Penguins in Game 6 .
Washington won its first two games against Tampa Bay in the Eastern Conference finals , but then lost three straight , forcing the franchise to win two decisive games to advance .
If the Capitals end up winning the Final , they will join the 1991 Pittsburgh Penguins as the only Stanley Cup champions to trail in every series .
___
4:17 p.m .
Hours before Vegas hosted Washington in Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final , fans filed in the plaza outside T-Mobile Arena on a 98-degree day in the desert .
Some of those gathered were holding the hottest ticket in town . Many planned to simply soak up the atmosphere while watching the game on big screens outside the arena with thousands of new friends .
The Golden Knights ' logo was worked into hairdos of fans willing to make the commitment while others opted to have their face painted in black and gold .
___
2:13 p.m .
The Strip has hosted countless events over the years , featuring stars on stage and in the ring .
Las Vegas can now add a championship game in a major professional sports league to its list .
And , Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final has a tough act to follow .
The Vegas Golden Knights opened with a 6-4 win over the Washington Capitals , co-starring teams that combined for a Final-record four lead changes .
There also were big hits , some which might have lingering effects Wednesday night .
Washington 's Tom Wilson was penalized for blindsiding Vegas ' Jonathan Marchessault after they passed the puck in Game 1 . Ryan Reaves scored a tying goal Monday night after appearing to get away with cross-checking Capitals defenseman John Carlson .
___
More Stanley Cup coverage : https : //apnews.com/tag/StanleyCupFinals
WASHINGTON — The National Cattlemen 's Beef Association and the Public Lands Council applaud the House passage of H.R . 428 the Red River Gradient Boundary Survey Act . The bill , introduced by Congressman Mac Thornberry , R-Texas , would seek to settle all federal ownership claims by providing legal certainty to landowners along the Red River .
“ Private landowners have owned and successfully managed lands along the Red River for quite some time , some for over 100 years , ” said Joe Guild , NCBA policy division chairperson . “ These landowners hold deeds to the land and have regularly paid property taxes . We remain opposed to the taking of private property through federal usurpation and applaud the House for taking affirmative action to fix this problem . ”
In 1923 , the U.S. Supreme Court determined that the gradient line of the south bank of the Red River was the boundary between Texas and Oklahoma ( Oklahoma v. Texas ) . Recognizing that the Red River is a unique situation , the State of Texas and the State of Oklahoma agreed to an interstate boundary compact known as the Red River Boundary Compact , essentially resolving the dispute over the definition of the border between the two states . The 106th Congress enacted legislation ratifying the compact , establishing the new Texas-Oklahoma boundary on Aug. 31 , 2000 .
In 2013 , the BLM stated that there is an estimated 90,000 acres of land along the 116 mile stretch of the Red River that may be considered public domain .
Congressman Thornberry 's bill , and the Senate companion S. 90 championed by Sen. John Cornyn , R-Texas , would settle the dispute by requiring a survey of the majority of the 116 mile stretch of the contested area using the gradient boundary survey method developed and backed by the Supreme Court to find the proper ownership boundary between the public and private land . This survey is to be completed within two years and is to be performed by qualified surveyors chosen by the states of Texas and Oklahoma .
PLC and NCBA urge the Senate to take up the Sen. Cornyn 's companion legislation without delay .
ESPN analyst Max Kellerman explains that `` dysfunctional '' is too strong of a word for the reported struggles between owner Robert Kraft , coach Bill Belichick and quarterback Tom Brady . ( 1:02 )
It has been nearly two full weeks since meaningful NFL games were played , as the New England Patriots and Philadelphia Eagles prepare for Super Bowl LII in Minneapolis .
Storylines abound as the Super Bowl returns to the Land of 10,000 Lakes ( there are actually 11,842 lakes in Minnesota at last count ) for the first time since 1991 . Just about all of those have been explored in some form or another in this space over the past 13 days , with everything from a ranking of all 106 players on the two rosters to the more , shall we say , simplistic way of determining whether you 're experiencing a truly cold day in Minnesota to a complete breakdown of the greatest teams in each NFL franchise 's history that do n't have a Lombardi trophy to show for it .
Because of the extra time between championship weekend and Super Bowl Sunday , the amount of angles explored can resemble Thurman Thomas ' helmet the last time the Super Bowl was played in the Twin Cities , in that they 're both hard to keep track of .
Given all of that , we 'll do our best to provide you a one-stop shop for all of your Super Bowl needs . Here 's everything you need to know ( and maybe some things you did n't know you needed to know ) if you 're planning to watch the game , make an investment in its outcome , or simply want to be the go-to person for information at your Super Bowl party .
Brady seeks to further cement their place in history
A win on Sunday would give Tom Brady their sixth championship as the Patriots ' starting quarterback and make them the first player in NFL history to win that many rings , breaking a tie with Charles Haley .
If Brady gets to six , it would tie them with the man many consider the greatest team sport athlete of all time , Michael Jordan , in the championships won department . Ian O'Connor breaks down the potential Jordan-Brady debate .
At 40 years old , Brady will become the oldest quarterback ( and non-specialist ) to start in a Super Bowl . He 's not the first athlete to excel at 40 or older , but they might be playing at the highest level of all of them . Speaking of age , when Brady turned 40 , ESPN 's Mike Reiss offered up a collection of stories about Brady that most people had never heard .
Brady has never struggled to conjure up some magic on the game 's biggest stage , but he 'll be hard-pressed to top what they pulled off last year , when they led the Patriots to the most incredible comeback in Super Bowl history . That 's why Mike Sando ranks it as the best Super Bowl MVP performance in history . On the topic of ranking performances , Reiss listed the top 10 Brady playoff efforts .
With all Brady has accomplished , there 's a strong chance he 's going to have ample opportunity to add to their résumé . Patriots president Jonathan Kraft made it clear Brady will be given plenty of latitude in deciding when to call it quits .
While Brady is universally loved in the New England area and has their followers in the Bay Area , where he 's from , do n't be surprised if there are pockets of Minnesotans making noise on their behalf Sunday . Brady 's mother grew up in central Minnesota and the Brady family would return for a visit every summer when they were a child .
Eagles just might have the D-line to stop Brady
The Patriots opened as 5.5-point favorites , and much of the hype has centered on Brady and coach Bill Belichick adding to their legacy . The Eagles would n't have it any other way , as the sales of dog masks over the past few weeks would attest . Philadelphia has fully embraced its underdog role .
But Philadelphia also just might have the one thing that can give Brady and the Patriots problems in the biggest game of all . That would be a strong defensive line that goes seven deep and is capable of creating pressure without the help of the blitz . In these playoffs , the Eagles have sent five or more rushers just 16 percent of the time but still generated pressure on 35 percent of dropbacks . Part of the reason for that is the depth that has allowed them to keep their defensive line fresh . Philadelphia had seven defensive linemen play at least 400 snaps in 2017 .
Chris Long , along with running back LeGarrette Blount , are looking to join the small group of players who won back-to-back Super Bowls with different teams . Jake Roth-USA TODAY Sports
In seven previous Super Bowls , Brady has been pressured 10 or more times and taken multiple sacks three times : in the Pats ' two losses to the Giants and last year 's comeback win against the Falcons . Beyond just getting sacks or incompletions when they get pressure , the Eagles also have a penchant for getting takeaways when they get after opposing quarterbacks .
Philadelphia has 15 takeaways , including 10 interceptions , when pressuring opposing quarterbacks this season , good for second in the NFL . And for what it 's worth , Brady has thrown four of their five interceptions in Super Bowls when pressured , while completing 74 percent of their passes when not under pressure .
As ESPN 's Tim McManus wrote , the onus will fall on that group to make Brady uncomfortable and follow the blueprint put forth by the New York Giants in Brady 's only two Super Bowl defeats .
In what amounts to the closest thing we 've seen to bulletin-board material from either side , Eagles safety Malcolm Jenkins absolutely believes their defense is ready to prove the Patriots ' dynasty can be conquered .
Speaking of that defensive line , end Chris Long has been a key addition for the Eagles . The man who once knew nothing but losing in the NFL is playing in their second consecutive Super Bowl and they ( along with running back LeGarrette Blount ) is doing it against the team they won their first title with last season . Long 's second trip to the Super Bowl in as many years is n't just happenstance , either . When they became a free agent in the offseason , they sought out Philadelphia in an effort to get back to a scheme more suited to their skills , ESPN 's Jordan Ranaan writes .
Which Foles will show up ?
Since replacing the injured Carson Wentz as the starting quarterback , Nick Foles ' performance has most closely resembled one of the roller coasters inside the Mall of America . That also has been the modus operandi for Foles ' career , from their breakout in 2013 to the lowly days when they were benched for Case Keenum with the Rams .
We 've already seen both sides of that coin just in the time since Foles took over for Wentz near the end of the season . So , which Foles will show up Sunday ? It 's a question ESPN 's Bill Barnwell attempted to answer .
To pull out the `` good '' Foles , the Eagles actually had to dive back into their recent history , conjuring concepts from former coach Chip Kelly , who was in charge of the offense when Foles was at their best . FiveThirtyEight provided some of the numbers behind how the Eagles changed their offense to allow Foles to succeed .
Do n't underestimate coach Doug Pederson 's role in adapting and building the Eagles ' offense , either . On paper , it might look like a mismatch against Belichick , but Belichick themselves sees a talented coach at the top of their game on the other side .
One season in Kansas City ( not to mention away from Jeff Fisher ) helped Foles get their career back on track , ESPN 's Adam Teicher writes . Even amid all the chaos of Super Bowl week , Foles has remained calm in the run-up to the game .
For as crazy as Foles ' story might seem , it 's not entirely unheard of . In fact , Foles is the third quarterback and the first since the Giants ' Jeff Hostetler in 1990 to make three or fewer regular-season starts and then guide their team to a Super Bowl . For what it 's worth , there could be some good mojo in that stat for Foles . Hostetler and Washington 's Doug Williams are the other two to accomplish the feat . Both played for NFC East teams , and both went on to win the Super Bowl .
And what of the quarterback who put the Eagles in the postseason in the first place ? Well , Wentz seems to be coming along just fine , with a goal of Week 1 next season for their return from a season-ending knee injury .
Patriots ' run of success is unmatched in league history
Sunday will mark New England 's record-extending 10th Super Bowl appearance . It 's the eighth for Belichick at the Pats ' helm and for Brady at quarterback . That pairing has led the charge behind the most successful and extensive run of success in NFL history . This Super Bowl comes in the midst of the greatest 17-year run of success the league has ever seen .
The Patriots ' .766 winning percentage ( not to mention five Super Bowls and 15 division titles ) in those 17 years is easily the most successful run spread out over that many years . There are plenty of other eye-popping numbers showing just how dominant New England has been in that span .
Considering that Brady and Belichick already hold the record for most Super Bowl appearances at their respective jobs , there 's no shortage of great seasons they 've put together as a duo . Football Outsiders ' Aaron Schatz ranked them from 1 to 16 , leaving out the season Brady mostly missed in 2008 .
One of the questions that will be asked about the Patriots ' run is whether it was Brady or Belichick who had the most impact on their success . For New England fans , the answer to that question is irrelevant , but it 's still an interesting debate .
In case you missed it earlier in the season , this oral history traces Belichick 's rise to prominence in the NFL . Given their success , it can be hard to keep talent together , but Kraft deserves credit for keeping Brady and Belichick together for so long and allowing New England 's dynasty to squeeze out every last drop of its potential .
Super Bowl opponent Rob Gronkowski is one of the tight ends Zach Ertz patterns their game after . EPA/John Cetrino
Gronkowski 's play is essential for the Patriots
There 's no injury situation in this game that will have more bearing on the outcome than Rob Gronkowski 's effort to return from a concussion . On Thursday , the Patriots tight end was cleared to play . In fact , FiveThirtyEight says Gronkowski could be a death knell to the Eagles .
Gronkowski has slowly worked their way back from the concussion they suffered in the AFC Championship Game against Jacksonville . It 's safe to say Gronkowski will again find themselves the target of big hits from Eagles defenders having to work extra hard to bring them down . Such is life as a dominant big man , ESPN 's Kevin Van Valkenberg writes .
Options for off-the-field entertainment are bountiful
You can finally place that bet you 've searched for pitting the number of fairways Hideki Matsuyama hits in the fourth round of the Waste Management Open against the number of points scored by New England kicker Stephen Gostkowski .
Betting on completely random things is a Super Bowl tradition as timeless as eating too much dip and complaining about having to go to work the next day . Fear not : There are plenty of options for you to sink your teeth ( and savings account ) into this year . ESPN 's Ben Fawkes took a glance at a few of the many potential options for those who are hoping to walk away from the Super Bowl with victories beyond team pride . For the serious gambler , Insider offered a complete betting guide .
If you prefer more traditional wagers , the Eagles entered the week as the biggest Super Bowl underdogs since 2009 , with lines favoring the Patriots ranging from 5 points to 6.5 to open the week . Eagles supporters have n't hesitated to try to cash in on the team 's underdog status with multiple six-figure bets coming in on them to win outright . One bettor even put $ 1 million on the Eagles .
Even with that much money on the line , you 'd be hard-pressed to find a riskier bet on the line than the one Long has with Eagles assistant Ken Flajole . If Philadelphia wins , Long is supposed to get a picture of Flajole 's face tattooed somewhere on their body .
Players , matchups , stats , information to know
Getting a lead on Belichick & Co. is one thing , but sealing the deal is another . NFL insiders dish on how Philadelphia should approach beating New England .
ESPN The Magazine uses the numbers to break down the matchup from all angles .
Looking for an unsung hero who could rise up and become the next Malcolm Smith or Larry Brown and win Super Bowl MVP ? Here are some younger options .
Here is a quick breakdown of the game with a look from each side and some gut-reaction predictions after championship Sunday .
Five NFL coaches offered some insight and predictions for Super Bowl LII .
Barnwell dives deep and makes their prediction .
The entire ESPN NFL staff also weighed in with predictions .
ESPN 's Kevin Seifert provides everything you need to know about the officiating crew .
In the span of one week , the Eagles made a series of moves that set them up for success in 2017 .
The Patriots ' biggest offseason move was adding receiver Brandin Cooks , who has already established themselves as an important locker room leader .
On the subject of respected Patriots receivers , Danny Amendola has worked their way through the ranks from a once-released Eagle to Brady 's most reliable target .
Gronkowski might be the standard bearer for tight ends , but do n't sleep on the Eagles ' Zach Ertz , who can make a statement about their place in the pantheon with a big game .
Josh McDaniels and Matt Patricia are on their way to head-coaching jobs , but it 's linebackers coach Brian Flores who might have the brightest coaching future of all considering the path they have followed to get where they are .
Safety Patrick Chung started their career with New England , and had a brief stint with the Eagles before returning to the Patriots . In their second turn with the team , they have become a key cog , according to Belichick .
Considering a last-minute trip to Minnesota for the game ? It 's slightly cheaper because the Vikings did n't make it , but it 's still not exactly a bargain .
Finally , if you 're still undecided on which team to root for on Sunday , this quiz is here to help .
A man was taken into custody after a Delta plane had to make an emergency landing at Tulsa International Airport .
Former studio boss Sherry Lansing and their director husband , William Friedkin , hosted a book party for “ No Room for Small Dreams ” by late Israel president Shimon Peres at their LA home , we hear .
The tome , which has been dubbed a “ poignant work of memoir and history ” by critics , was published in September , after the leader 's death last year .
Attendees included Peres ' son Chemi Peres , power attorney Martin Singer , producers John Goldwyn , Mike Medavoy , Robert Cort and Nick Meyer , Sunset Tower guru Jeff Klein , “ 48 Hrs. ” screenwriter Walter Hill , Vicki Iovine and financial adviser Paul Wachter .
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
Last summer Fifth Harmony surprised me at my desk and almost gave me a heart attack . That 's not an exaggeration—well , I did n't have a heart attack , but I did blush , freak out , and stutter , as you do when your favorite pop group shows up to your job on a normal , humdrum Tuesday . Here 's video proof :
I 've been a loyal Harmonizer since the group 's X-Factor days , when they were originally called LYLAS ( cringe ) and judge Demi Lovato made that shady comment about how Camila Cabello was the only one who `` shined '' ( which is ironic now given what happened in December 2016 when they left the group ) .
I followed them from `` Miss Movin ' On '' to `` Down '' and attended concerts everywhere from Miami to New York City . I 've watched that video of them singing `` Here We Go Again '' in the bathroom , like , 10,000 times , and the humor of Dinah Jane calling the other girls `` children '' even though she 's the youngest is n't lost on me .
But here 's the thing : Even I 'm OK with the group going on an indefinite hiatus . Fifth Harmony announced Monday morning ( March 19 ) on Instagram they 're taking a break to pursue solo endeavors . Their scheduled shows for the rest of the year will still go on as planned , but after that , they 'll go their separate ways .
`` Reflecting on the past six years since we started on X-Factor , we 've realized just how far we 've come and we appreciate everything so much , more now than ever , '' the group 's note read . `` We 've really had one hell of a memorable journey together and ca n't begin to express our gratitude to y'all for coming along with us on this wild ride ! ''
Loading View on Instagram
My first thought reading this was n't , `` Oh no ! My faves ! '' I did n't break out in tears or curl up in the fetal position . My heart rate is normal . To be honest , I saw this coming—and if you 're a fan , you did too . And you know it 's the right decision .
For one , it 's what the women in the band want to do . It 'd be selfish and wrong to expect Dinah Jane , Lauren Jauregui , Ally Brooke , and Normani to continue if their hearts are n't in it . Also , let 's be real : The band just has n't been the same since Cabello left in 2016 . That 's not to say Cabello is more or less talented than the other women , but when you lose a teammate it 's hard to hit the same stride . Their last album was great , but it lacked the oomph and flavor that defined Fifth Harmony 's earlier songs . It felt phoned in .
And perhaps it was . Maybe the women of Fifth Harmony simply grew tired of operating as a unit . That seems to be the case from their statement : `` In order to stay authentic to ourselves and to you , we do need to take some time for now to go on hiatus from Fifth Harmony in order to pursue solo endeavors . ''
The word `` authentic there is key , because remember : As much as the women of Fifth Harmony like each other and enjoy performing together , they were never fully authentic . They were five solo acts brought together by Simon Cowell on The X-Factor . They wanted to be individual pop stars but agreed to become a group because it was the only option available to them . Each member probably never let go of that original dream of being a stand-alone singer , and that 's why this is happening right now .
We 've seen this time and time again with manufactured pop groups . One Direction , The Spice Girls , * NSYNC—all were formed by a pop music machine , and all dissolved once the song-and-dance act became too stale . You can only go on living a lie for so long .
As a diehard fan , I want the women of Fifth Harmony to live their truths—as cliché and dumb as that sounds—and if that means breaking up for now , then so be it . Who knows , maybe they 'll reenergize on their own and come back in a few years stronger and better than ever . Maybe Camila Cabello will join them again . This is n't a goodbye from Fifth Harmony ; it 's just a `` So long for now . ''
What we should say goodbye to , though , is the idea of manufactured musicians . Fifth Harmony and the groups I mentioned earlier are proof this formula does n't work anymore—no matter how many banal radio hits come from it . The fire may burn brightly for a second , but it always fades , leaving fans devastated . Authenticity is what has true longevity—and it wo n't break your heart .
Former Brazil striker Ronaldo has described criticism of Neymar as “ nonsense ” .
The 26-year-old has received judgement for some of their theatrics when being tackled during the World Cup .
Following their side 's 2-0 defeat to Brazil in the last 16 , Mexico coach Juan Carlos Osorio accused Neymar of “ too much acting ” .
But Ronaldo – who is one place and five goals ahead of Neymar in the list of Brazil 's all-time top goalscorers – said : “ There are many ways to see football and interpret it .
“ I am against all these opinions ( on Neymar acting ) . They are an intelligent player in their movements and on how to defend themselves from being tackled .
“ I do n't think referees have been protecting them enough . When people repeatedly hit me I would feel a sense of unfairness .
“ Criticism is nonsense . TV shows and newspapers just want to fill the space . ”
However , former Germany captain Lothar Matthaus held a different opinion to Ronaldo .
When asked about Neymar , they said : “ Neymar does n't need to act . He 's an excellent player and they have everything a high-level player needs .
“ He 's one of the top five players in the world , why do they need to act ? It does n't bring them sympathy and it 's not good for him .
“ ( Diego ) Maradona was n't acting , ( Lionel ) Messi does n't act . ( Cristiano ) Ronaldo is an actor in a different way but not like this . We need players like Neymar in the game but not like this . ”
- Advertisement -
Germany 's Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere has condemned the burning of Israeli flags at pro-Palestinian demonstrations in Berlin following the US decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel last week .
Germany was “ connected in a quite particular way to the state of Israel and to all people of the Jewish faith , ” they said in comments to the newspaper Bild to be published on Monday .
“ We do not accept it when Jews or the state of Israel is insulted in this shameful way , ” de Maiziere continued .
Two Israeli flags were burnt at a Friday demonstration outside the US embassy , by the Brandenburg Gate in central Berlin , following President Donald Trump 's decision on the disputed city of Jerusalem .
- Advertisement -
Ten people were arrested and police launched an investigation into the alleged insulting of the emblem of a foreign state .
Another flag was burnt at a protest march attended by about 2,500 people between Berlin 's Neukoelln and Kreuzberg districts on Sunday .
The German government was “ aware of the particular situation in the Middle East , ” de Maiziere said .
“ In light of and particularly because of this we condemn it utterly when violence takes place at demonstrations and the Israeli flag is burnt .
“ Germany has freedom of opinion and assembly . But these freedoms must be practised peacefully . ”
Berlin 's Mayor Michael Mueller had already condemned the flag-burning , saying those people who took part in it could not rely on the protection of the constitutional right to demonstrate .
On the eve of International Holocaust Remembrance Day on Jan. 26 , Assemblyman Anthony D'Urso traveled to a small synagogue in Naples , Italy , where they were reunited with the descendants of a Jewish family who they helped hide from the Nazis as a little boy .
The D'Urso family protected the large Ascarelli family in their hometown of Formia , Italy , halfway between Naples and Rome , in 1944 . While they were just a young child , the future assemblyman was responsible for acting as a lookout and calling out to their mother when German soldiers approached .
“ For more than 25 years , I 've been telling people about my father 's heroism and the way they kept the Ascarellis hidden from the Nazis in the woods , but few people believed me , ” explained D'Urso in their speech to an audience of 500 people .
“ I had no proof , ” they continued . “ I immigrated to the U.S. in 1950 and lost touch with the Ascarellis . Who in the world would believe that a farmer and their wife would risk their lives—and the lives of their children—and live in the woods for nine months while hiding a large Jewish family ? It 's a crazy story . But , of course , the Holocaust was filled with crazy stories . ”
D'Urso has been trying to locate the family since 1988 . They were hopeful that their parents would be recognized as Righteous Among the Nations , a designation given to non-Jews who risked their lives to save Jews during the Holocaust , by the State of Israel and Yad Vashem , The World Holocaust Remembrance Center in Israel . But the application with Yad Vashem failed to gain traction because D'Urso lost touch with the Jewish family in the 1960s and was told they had died . They were informed that without their assistance , corroborating the D'Urso family 's involvement was nearly impossible .
But , on Dec. 19 , Great Neck attorney and former prosecutor Michael Weinstock told the Anton Media Group that through extensive research , a diary describing the extraordinary risks the D'Urso family undertook to save their Jewish friends was discovered in the National Archives of Italy . Utilizing techniques they learned at the Brooklyn District Attorney 's office , along with Facebook and Google Translator to communicate with members of the Jewish community in Naples , and guidance from the staff of the Holocaust Memorial and Tolerance Center of Nassau County , Weinstock located the diary .
“ It 's very surreal , ” said Weinstock . “ I never imagined that I would be able to do a mitzvah for a family that hid a Jewish family from the Nazis . ”
The reunion in Naples included the descendants and extended family of Tommaso Sinigallia , the Holocaust survivor who wrote the diary , which the Sinigallia family expects to publish next year . They have already invited the assemblyman and their wife to return to Naples and celebrate its publication . A copy of the diary has been submitted to Yad Vashem for authentication and D'Urso is cautiously optimistic that their parents and older siblings will soon be recognized as Righteous Among the Nations .
“ It 's a very special affirmation that my father did the right thing while the whole world went crazy , ” noted the assemblyman . “ I 'm blessed because the diary that 's been found allows me to finally spread the word about my father 's heroism . And I 'm doubly blessed to spend time with so many people who are alive today , in part , because a farmer who could n't read or write knew what was right and what was wrong . That 's the biggest lesson of the Holocaust , of course . Right is—even if nobody is doing it . And wrong is wrong—even if everybody is doing it . ”
A strong possibility exists that D'Urso will receive this extraordinary designation , as well . If Yad Vashem does approve their status , D'Urso will be the first elected official in the United States to be recognized with the title and will receive honorary Israeli citizenship .
“ It 's going to be quite emotional to meet all the family members , ” said D'Urso before the event . “ I 'm hoping that I do n't get too emotional while I 'm speaking . ”
The assemblyman wept openly when they hugged Ester Sinigallia , a daughter of the family that was hidden . Later , they told him , “ I came here to thank you . ”
After wiping away tears , they responded , “ You do n't need to thank me . It 's a pleasure to finally meet you . I came for the hugs , not a thank you . ”
D'Urso concluded their speech by saying , “ I want to thank the relatives of Emilio Ascarelli who traveled here from around Italy to spend time with me and listen to me kvell about my parents . You 've made me feel truly blessed . And , if you do n't know the word kvell , it 's because you 're not from New York .
It means ‘ to brag'—and it 's Yiddish . ”
Brother Of Florida Shooter Arrested For Trespassing At Stoneman Douglas High
Enlarge this image toggle caption AP AP
The brother of the suspect in the killings of 17 people at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland , Fla. , was arrested Monday for trespassing at the same site .
According to a police report quoted by the Miami Herald , `` Defendant Cruz stated that they unlawfully entered the school property to 'reflect on the shooting and to soak it in ... ''
Zachary Cruz , 18 , had been warned to stay away from the campus , the Herald reported . The police report said that Cruz was spotted on campus at about 4:30 p.m. after the school day was over and students had been dismissed .
`` Defendant Cruz surpassed all locked doors and gates and proceeded to ride their skateboard through school grounds , '' a deputy wrote in their arrest report .
Zachary Cruz 's arrest comes just about a month after their brother , Nikolas Cruz , 19 , allegedly shot and killed 14 students and 3 staff members at the Parkland school . They could face the death penalty .
The Sun Sentinel reports that Zachary has been living with a family friend since their mother , Lynda Cruz , died in November 2017 .
The Sun Sentinel added that Zachary had admitted to Palm Beach County Sheriff 's deputies that they and their friends had bullied their brother , Nikolas , when they were younger .
COLUMBUS , Ohio ( AP ) — Ohio 's Legislature is on summer break after a flurry of activity that included passage of dozens of bills , many sent to the governor , and a few key proposals left in limbo .
Lawmakers allotted about $ 115 million for new voting equipment and sent $ 20 million to a program to fight harmful algal blooms on Lake Erie .
But work on a bill imposing interest-rate caps and other restrictions on payday lenders was n't completed . Also stalled are bills intended to merge Ohio 's education and workforce training agencies and fix Ohio 's unemployment compensation system .
The House also called off a vote on a “ stand your ground ” bill that Republican Gov . John Kasich ( KAY'-sik ) had vowed to veto . It would shift the burden onto prosecutors to prove shooters claiming self-defense did n't act to defend themselves .
Gina DOGGETT - Emmanuel Macron , the 39-year-old former investment banker who was catapulted to the French presidency in May , faces widespread disillusionment as they prepare to mark their first 100 days in office .
The man shown walking on water on the cover of The Economist magazine after their startling rise has seen their approval ratings nosedive , with only 36 percent of respondents giving them the thumbs up in one recent poll .
The French are `` falling out of love '' with Macron , the right-leaning daily Le Figaro headlined Sunday . No French president has seen such a steep drop in popularity so early in their rule since Jacques Chirac in 1995 .
Macron , who shot to power on May 7 promising to overcome France 's entrenched right-left divide , has since come under fire for their labour reform programme , budget and public spending cuts as well as a plan to create an official First Lady position for their 64-year-old wife Brigitte .
France 's youngest ever president is especially out of favour with civil servants after vowing to put a brake on their salary increases .
Macron `` must come down to earth and assume the political cost of their decisions , '' leading pollster Jerome Fourquet told AFP .
Proposed defence cuts - part of a plan to trim 4.5 billion euros ( $ 5.3 billion ) to bring France 's budget deficit within EU limits - led to a public row last month with the head of the French armed forces , General Pierre de Villiers .
'Honeymoon is over '
Macron rebuked them for questioning the wisdom of cuts at a time the army was in action in the Middle East and west Africa as well as at home . De Villiers resigned a few days later .
`` The honeymoon is over between Emmanuel Macron and the French , '' wrote editorialist Laurent Bodin in the wake of the spat .
The stars aligned for Macron to sweep to power on a promise of change less than a year after they quit the deeply unpopular Socialist government of Francois Hollande , dogged by a sluggish economy and stubborn unemployment .
On the right , a fake jobs scandal torpedoed the presidential hopes of early conservative front-runner Francois Fillon , leaving the centrist Macron to square off against far-right leader Marine Le Pen . Their victory over the populist Le Pen was deceptive , as it came with a record low turnout and followed a first round in which only one in four voters picked Macron.In June , Macron 's Republic on the Move party and its centrist ally MoDem won a comfortable majority in parliament - but after garnering less than half the vote , also on a historically low turnout .
Holding their own
Macron has fared better on the diplomacy front , proving themselves a match for US President Donald Trump in the handshake department and holding their own with Russia 's Vladimir Putin .
And amid anguish over Brexit , Macron 's committed pro-EU stance has roused hopes of a revival of the Franco-German axis that forged European integration and created the world 's biggest trade bloc .
Macron has fulfilled a key campaign promise , winning passage of legislation to clean up politics following a series of scandals , and tough new anti-terror measures are in the pipeline . But prominent right-wing politician Eric Woerth scoffed that `` nothing difficult has been done yet '' .
Government spokesperson Christophe Castaner has sought to deflect criticism of their boss ahead of Tuesday , which will mark 100 days since the election .
The president has `` laid the foundation of a deep transformation of our country , '' Castaner said in a Facebook post on Sunday .
The young president will come back from summer holidays to face protests against their labour reforms , with unions calling for strikes and marches while the radical left France Unbowed party plans a `` people 's rally '' .
Parliament this month adopted a bill allowing the government to fast-track changes to the labour code to give employers more power to negotiate directly with their employees .
Brigitte a bright spot
One bright spot for Macron is the overwhelming popularity enjoyed by their wife Brigitte , who has taken to their role with aplomb , shrugging off chatter about the 25-year age gap with their husband .
Always poised and smiling , often sporting above-the-knee Louis Vuitton dresses , the svelte blonde who was once Macron 's drama coach will `` play a very active role alongside their husband , who will benefit from their incredible popularity , '' wrote the Paris daily Le Parisien .
Women have been lining up outside stores of Swedish clothing giant H & M in the French capital to buy T-shirts emblazoned with their name , it reported .
SINGAPORE : A 69-year-old man has been arrested for causing public alarm after they allegedly left a `` suspicious white substance '' at Woodleigh MRT station , triggering a temporary closure of the MRT station for about three hours on Tuesday ( Apr 18 ) , Singapore Police Force ( SPF ) said .
In a Facebook post , police said that they were alerted at about 1pm to `` a case of suspicious white substance found at Woodleigh MRT station . ''
`` Singapore Civil Defence Force 's ( SCDF ) HazMat officers subsequently established the substance to be baking flour . Police investigations are ongoing , '' said SPF .
`` The Police treat all security threats seriously and will not hesitate to take action against anyone who cause public alarm . ''
Assistant station manager Mailyn B Carriaga told Channel NewsAsia that white powder had been found in three to four places at the station 's concourse area . They added that it was a cleaner who first spotted the substance . The station manager then informed the police , according to Ms Carriaga .
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge Pause
3:03 Talkback : Mark Young talks about Vice Mayor Gene Gallo 's tragic loss of their wife
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
0:49 Gene Gallo reflects on the loss of their wife
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
0:58 Little Rebekah is Manatee 's first baby of 2017
1:22 Acapulco Tropical co-owner on opening second Bradenton location
2:02 Manatee County residents fear heavy manufacturing will change lifestyle
1:56 Manatee County Beach Management Program
Tweet German Prospects Out To Impress In Wetzlar
Germany 's rising stars are out to impress on Saturday night as they face tough international opposition on the undercard of Tyron Zeuge 's WBA Super Middleweight title defence against Paul Smith at the Rittal Arena in Wetzlar .
Cologne 's Denis Radovan ( 4-0 , 2 KOs ) meets Josip Duric ( 3-1 , 2 KOs ) over six-rounds in what promises to be their toughest career test to date . If successful , the 24-year old super middleweight says they would like the chance to avenge an amateur defeat to domestic rival Stefan Haertel , who boxes in Wetzlar against Patrick Mendy , and to land their first title shot .
“ I lost against Haertel in the amateurs so I would love the chance to set the record straight ” said Radovan , who is trained by former World Champion Juergen Braehmer . ‘ ' I 'm targeting my first title at the end of 2017 or the beginning of 2018 . I 've not had many fights , but I feel like I 'm ready ! ”
Two-time national amateur champion , Leon Bunn ( 4-0 , 4 KOs ) , has looked impressive since turning over as a professional and winning all four of their paid contests inside the distance . The fighter from Frankfurt has yet to go past the second round , but can expect tougher resistance from Hungary 's Laszlo Ivanyi ( 6-4 , 4 KOs ) .
“ I 'm just taking it one step at a time ” said Bunn ahead of their six-round light heavyweight clash . “ Getting this opportunity to fight in Wetzlar , near my hometown , is huge for me ! ”
Bunn 's coach Ulli Wegner has expressed their excitement about the 24 year-old 's talent : “ Leon will be the first to become World Champion out of my group of young boxers , ” said the legendary German trainer .
Fledgling heavyweight Albon Pervizaj ( 2-0 , 2 KOs ) will be looking for a third consecutive victory against Dusan Krstin ( 7-7 , 2 KOs ) . The Hamburg boxer has impressed so far with two knockout performances , but in their durable Serbian opponent , Pervizaj meets a man who has a reputation for being incredibly difficult to stop .
“ My dream is to fight for a World title in Hamburg , and I 'm sure one day it will happen ! ” said Pervizaj . “ But first , I must get past Krstin , who is a tough opponent for my third fight . ''
Hometown hero Emir Ahmatovic ( 2-0 , 1 KO ) is also in action , alongside Wolfsburg middleweight Patrick Wojcicki ( 7-0 , 4 KOs ) . Wojcicki , a former national amateur champion , faces a tough test against Henri Kekalainen ( 9-3 , 4 KOs ) , but will need to overcome their Finnish opponent to prove they are ready to step up and compete for titles .
Subscribe to feed Tweet
MONDAY 1/2 :
TODAY : Few Showers . Mostly Cloudy . Warm . High 54
TONIGHT : Rain Increasing . Cloudy & Warm . Low 48
TUESDAY : Rain Likely . Warm . High 56
DISCUSSION :
A few showers and or drizzle will be possible , especially this morning . Skies will be mostly cloudy otherwise , with highs in the low to mid 50s .
An area of low pressure will track from the Gulf Coast into the Ohio Valley during the overnight . As the low tracks north , rain chances will be on the increase across SE Ohio . Temperatures will bottom out in the upper 40s to near 50 .
Rain will be likely on Tuesday as the low moves through the area . A rumble of thunder will be possible as well . Temperatures will be a touch warmer , with highs in the mid 50s .
As the low tracks off into the Mid-Atlantic late on Tuesday , colder air will begin to move into SE Ohio , as a trough moves in from the northwest . Temperatures will go from the mid 50s Monday and Tuesday ; to the lower 20s Thursday and Friday .
Have a Great Monday and Happy New Year !
Connect With Me :
Twitter : @ psakalwx
Facebook : Phil Sakal – WHIZ
E-Mail : psakal @ whizmediagroup.com
0
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
-
With director Ben Wheatley 's Free Fire opening next weekend , I recently sat down with Sharlto Copley and Sam Riley to talk about making the film . During the interview they reveal how they got involved in the project , how Copley came up with their character 's accent and springing it on the cast on the first day , how much was improvised in the moment , how the script got funnier as they were shooting , doing long takes , what it was like on set , and a lot more .
If you 're not familiar with Free Fire , the film takes place in the 1970s Boston and it 's about an arms deal that goes completely wrong . It 's also a ton of fun from beginning to end and loaded with an all-star cast made up of Armie Hammer , Brie Larson , Cillian Murphy , Jack Reynor , Babou Ceesay , Enzo Cilenti , Michael Smiley , Noah Taylor , Tom Davis , Mark Monero and Patrick Bergin . While I know Free Fire is not for everyone , if the idea of an almost 90-minute gun battle loaded with colorful characters where no one has any control interests you , I strongly recommend checking it out next weekend . You 'll definitely laugh and see an epic shootout . For more on the film you can read Matt Goldberg 's review .
Check out what Sharlto Copley and Sam Riley had to say in the video above . Below is exactly what we talked about followed by the official synopsis .
Sharlto Copley and Sam Riley :
They talk about how they were pitched on the project and first talking with Ben .
I mention how awesome Vernon is in the film . Copley starts doing the accent .
How much was Vernon on the page and how much was improvised ?
They talk about what it was like on set keeping the momentum going .
They talk about doing very long takes at the end of the week .
How do they like to work on set ?
Here 's the Free Fire synopsis via A24 :
PBA : Fajardo chases El Presidente
With the way things are going in the early stages of the PBA season , June Mar Fajardo could be on their way to tying the great Ramon Fernandez and Alvin Patrimonio for the most number of Most Valuable Player awards .
This after Fajardo emerged as the leader in the race for the Best Player of the Conference award in the Philippine Cup , posting an average of 44.2 Statistical Points halfway into the season-opening conference .
The man they call as “ The Kraken , ” who earned the nickname ever since they got rave reviews from fans who saw their humble beginning in the Cebu cage ranks , holds a big lead over GlobalPort guard Terrence Romeo ( 37.5 SP ) , thus boosting their chances of winning the league 's most coveted individual award for the fourth straight time , a streak no PBA player has ever done .
Fajardo had already made history as the first player to win the PBA MVP award in three straight seasons . But another MVP would put them in a tie for the most all-time with Fernandez and Patrimonio .
Fernandez won the MVP in 1982 for Toyota , 1984 with Beer Hausen , 1986 for Tanduay and 1988 while playing for Purefoods and San Miguel , while Patrimonio was hailed as the league 's best in 1991 , 1993 , 1994 and 1997 , all with the Purefoods franchise .
Winning the BPC plum holds a big weight in Fajardo 's chances for another MVP , especially if they can lead the Beermen to a third straight title in the Philippine Cup .
The winners of the BPC in all three conferences , including the next two in the Commissioner 's Cup and Governors ' Cup , are automatic candidates but the Philippine Cup 's best player enjoys a 40 percent share in the final tabulation as compared to 30 percent each in the other conferences .
The 6-foot-10 gentle giant was flattered with the early results of the BPC race , but said that winning the championship is more important than individual accolades .
“ Hindi ko iniisip yun , mas importante na manalo kami ng championship , na ma-retain namin yung Philippine Cup title na napanalunan namin the last two years na , ” the five-year veteran said yesterday .
“ Ito naman yung goal , manalo ng championships . Kung may dumating na award , bonus na lang sabi nya yung ganun . Mas importante sa akin yung championships , ” added Fajardo .
As much as the 27-year-old Fajardo tries to sway things and ignore it , leading the BPC race this early is a strong indication that he 's on track for another MVP plum .
They are averaging 20.2 points , league-best 17.2 rebounds with 1.3 assists and 1.5 shot blocks per game for the Beermen , who are leading the Philippine Cup with five wins and one defeat .
In the previous season , Fajardo was the BPC winner in the Philippine Cup , Calvin Abueva took the award in the Commissioner 's Cup while TNT 's Jayson Castro was the BPC of the Governors ' Cup .
Fajardo also emerged as the Statistical Points leader by the end of last season – or prior to the annual Leo Awards – and won the votes from players , media and PBA Commissioner 's Office .
Out to foil Fajardo 's run for a fifth BPC are Romeo , their SMB teammate Alex Cabagnot , Barangay Ginebra San Miguel 's Japeth Aguilar and rookie Mac Belo of Blackwater .
Romeo , the current scoring leader with 27 points per game , is at second spot , while Cabagnot has 34.6 SP , followed by Aguilar with 33.2 SP , and Belo – the top rookie pick – has 33.0 .
Completing the Top 10 are SMB 's Arwind Santos ( 31.3 ) , Abueva ( 31.0 ) , Castro ( 30.3 ) , Phoenix Fuel rookie Matthew Wright ( 30.2 ) and Meralco sophomore Chris Newsome ( 29.8 ) .
Related
comments
One month after welcoming son Billy , first-time parents John Stamos and Caitlin McHugh already want to expand their family again .
“ Right now , Billy is extremely spoiled and we need to share the love , he 's got ta share some of those toys and all the things that have been given to him , ” McHugh recently told Entertainment Tonight . “ He needs [ siblings ] to keep them grounded . If he 's the only one , he 'll get way too much love because there has n't been a child on either side of our family in quite some time . ”
As for a time frame , Stamos , 54 , and McHugh , 32 , would love to add more babies to their brood “ ASAP , ” they said .
“ I would love to give them a little girl , but we 're happy with boy , girl , just healthy , ” said the model and new mom .
While the “ Fuller House ” star and McHugh cherish Billy 's little moments — “ It 's like , ‘ Oh yes , you pooped ! That 's great ! ' ” — they 're also finding time for themselves .
“ I understand that it takes a village to raise a child and it 's important for our relationship to be strong in order to keep the whole family together and keep everything good , so it 's important to take time for yourself and for your partner and to really have a life balance , ” McHugh shared .
“ We 'll have someone watch them for a couple of hours and we 'll sneak off and see a movie , or have dinner or catch up with friends … we 're still back before 10 o'clock ! ” they continued .
Boys lacrosse Bees rebound , rout Liverpool
Baldwinsville midfielder Mike Tangredi ( 26 ) charges up the middle during Tuesday 's game against Liverpool . Tangredi had two goals as the Bees defeated the Warriors 16-4 .
As it reached the midway point of its league slate , the Baldwinsville boys lacrosse team had to deal with it first bit of adversity .
Having started 7-0 and risen as high as no . 4 in the state Class A rankings , the Bees lost , 13-10 , to Class C power Homer on April 21 and fell to no . 8 in the state poll .
Still , B'ville was atop the Salt City Athletic Conference Metro division thanks to its tough April 17 win at West Genesee , and stayed that way on Tuesday by taking apart Liverpool in a 16-4 romp at Pelcher-Arcaro Stadium .
Liverpool had its own 7-1 record and no . 15 state ranking , and when it blanked the Bees over the game 's first six minutes , it had the feel of another close battle between neighbors and rivals .
Then , in a span of 11 seconds , Pete Fiorini and Spencer Wirtheim hit on back-to-back goals . Then Fiorini and Tangredi scored 32 seconds apart a couple off minutes later . Liverpool never recovered .
Up 5-1 through one period , the Bees kept up the pressure . Ben Dwyer , David Steria , David Fuller and the rest of the B'ville defenders forced a string of Liverpool turnovers and shutting them out through the second quarter and most of the third period .
Meanwhile , the Bees ' attack continued to hum . Even with attacker Brendan Wilcox out , Justin Hunter stepped in and earned two goals , plus a pair of assists , as the lead grew to 14-2 by the fourth quarter .
Only Wirtheim scored three times for B'ville 's well-balanced attack . Tangredi , Connor Steria and Brandon Mimas matched Hunter 's two-goal output as Cole Peters , Austin Bolton and Garrett Petrelli had one goal apiece .
Share this : Email
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Related
Comment on this Story
West Ham manager David Moyes has said that claims the club would not sign any more African players are wrong .
Director of player recruitment Tony Henry was suspended after the Daily Mail reported they said African players “ cause mayhem ” when not in the team .
Moyes said they tried to sign African-born Islam Slimani and Ibrahim Amadou on transfer deadline day on Wednesday .
“ We sign good , quality players and it does n't matter where they are from , ” said Moyes on Friday .
They added that the mood in the Hammers ' squad , which has six players of African descent , had not been affected by the controversy .
“ I 've spoken to one or two of the African players and they seem fine and they 've trained well . Morale is good . We 're on the back of a pretty good run and we want to keep it going , ” said the Scot .
“ I 've never , ever witnessed any prejudicial transfer policy at any club I 've been at . ”
West Ham said on Thursday that Henry had been suspended pending “ a full and thorough investigation ” , while the Football Association says it will formally investigate the matter .
“ The comments are wrong , ” added Moyes . “ We were trying to sign two African players on deadline day . ”
Leicester forward Slimani joined Newcastle on loan , while Amadou stayed with French side Lille .
“ My first African player was Joseph Yobo . It was only last year when I went to Nigeria to Joseph 's testimonial and it was really good , ” added former Everton , Manchester United and Sunderland manager Moyes .
“ I have also signed Steven Pienaar three times . I do n't think any Premier League club has more African players than West Ham .
“ Over my time , we 've had good African players and bad African players just like we 've had good Scottish players and bad Scottish players as well , no difference . ”
CLEVELAND ( AP ) — A judge has ordered an Ohio fertility clinic that experienced an equipment failure that may have damaged thousands of frozen eggs and embryos to stop reaching out to patients .
The Plain Dealer reports University Hospitals can not contact patients who were affected by the March 4 failure at a clinic in suburban Cleveland . UH was offering patients free in vitro fertilization treatments in exchange for an out-of-court settlement .
Lawyers for a couple who filed a lawsuit against University Hospitals argue the out-of-court settlement could hurt their chance to participate in a class action case and receive damages for their loss .
A spokesperson for the hospital says it is policy not to comment on pending litigation .
___
Information from : The Plain Dealer , http : //www.cleveland.com
Bryn Wade , who guided Murrieta Mesa to the Southern Section Division 1 baseball championship last season , has resigned as head coach just two weeks before the season begins , the Murrieta Valley Unified School District announced on Tuesday .
They will continue as a teacher at the school . They have been head coach since 2014 . They were The Times ' coach of the year in 2016 .
Here 's the link to a news release from the school .
For the latest on high school sports , follow @ LATSondheimer on Twitter
Whenever discussion about the latest # MeToo moment turns to how we should ultimately fix society , some variation of `` we need to teach our sons about male privilege '' crops up . Our children provide an opportunity for a do-over , for lessons to be taught by hardened feminists wearing I BELIEVE Them t-shirts , but then again the crimes of the men in power are not the crimes of our little boys . Our tendency to be on high alert for a breach of consent among first-graders has created another tricky problem : that we risk punishing our sons simply for being male .
Phrannie Lyon saw this dynamic play out under entirely innocent circumstances . Lyon 's son had a best friend in the first grade : a girl . Them son and their friend were very affectionate with each other and would often hold hands and give one another hugs . One particular day , Lyon 's son and their friend were exchanging hugs in the hallway when the school principal saw them .
As Lyon 's son explained it to their mother , the principal grabbed him , pressed their 6-year-old body against a wall , and , in an aggressive tone , instructed the boy to never touch their friend again .
Lyon 's son followed the orders they had been given , refraining from any kind of affectionate touch or contact with their friend , and the friendship ultimately dissolved out of fear . They were too scared to get close to them again .
“ It did n't matter that they hugged regularly , and they were both consenting friends with that behavior , '' Lyon says . `` A scary adult stepped in and accused them of being bad . What else would a 6-year-old think ? ”
Them son did n't tell them about the incident for years because they were ashamed and thought they had done something wrong . Today , they are a 13 year old .
It 's an unsurprising outcome in a world trying to reconcile historical male power with an egalitarian generation of kids . Lyon reflects , “ Something that I find problematic with [ the way ] many people approach navigating consent is that boys are automatically assumed to be in the wrong . Adults need to understand the repercussions of thinking it is only girls who need protecting . ”
I can reject and point out the toxic associations that have been coupled with masculinity .
Part of the issue is an embarrassing lack of education in schools surrounding sex , consent , and emotional and social development skills . Another part is engrained bias on the part of the adults who feel a responsibility to police children 's behavior . Ironically , an authoritative response to a situation where children are behaving improperly teaches kids that they do n't have any agency or power : it risks reinforcing the same culture we are trying to change .
But there are parents , teachers , and educators who are changing the way we talk to our children about consent , male privilege , and feminism . When we teach children of any gender identity about consent and how to negotiation touch and mutual affection , we 're able to address toxic masculinity as a behavior that we see in the world , not a shaming experience toward men .
“ I have zero concerns that my son will grow up feeling badly about being male and I have 100 percent faith in knowing my son will grow up understanding they are privileged in ways other people are not , and that it 's their responsibility to use that privilege to help liberate other people from difficult or unfair situations , '' Californian mother Chrystal Sparkles tells Romper .
Sparkles explain that when they talk about toxic masculinity they are not vilifying men , but condemning behavior .
“ I can reject and point out the toxic associations that have been coupled with masculinity . At the same time , I can surround my son with all kinds of people , of all kinds of genders , who embody and project masculinity in healthy , loving , enticing ways . ”
Sparkles explain that if we want to empower our children , they need to understand the world they have come into . In other words , the goal is to create positive modeling rather than a list of forbidden behaviors .
Children are already living in a world where information about power and privilege is woven throughout the fabric of their days , in nuanced and overt ways . They are looking to us , as parents , to frame their experience ; not to pretend that gender dynamics do n't exist , but to explain and defuse those dynamics .
But how do we prevent our sons from experiencing guilt about their gender when learning about male privilege ?
The clothing retailer Zulily recently spurred online criticism for selling kids ' t-shirts with slogans like `` The future is female '' and `` Boys will be [ 'boys ' crossed out ] feminists . '' Wrote one commenter on Facebook , `` I feel like the ' I am woman , hear me roar ' sentiment has been taken a little far , to the point where innocent , well meaning boys/men are being shamed and categorized . ''
And their point is well-taken . What are little boys answering to when we dress them in tops that read `` the future is female ? '' More practically , rather than teach apologizing for the power structure they have inherited , what positive lessons can fill the void ?
“ Parents must invite their sons to be sad , afraid , hurt , silly and affectionate , and must embrace them as often as they snuggle their daughters , '' wrote Faith Salie in a recent article in TIME . `` Sweet boys learn early on that they can defend themselves against loneliness by reaching out and asking for support rather than turning into people who , literally , grab for power . Sweet boys evolve into open-hearted men who are n't confused about consent and sexual boundaries , because they experience women as equals . ”
Teaching empathy — which , yes , can be taught — is an important piece of the cultural shift , says Carlin Ross , a mother in New York . “ I talk with [ my son ] about my emotions so that they understand that everyone has fear or gets angry or fails , '' they tell Romper . `` I treat them like a person with respect and dignity so they expect that of others as well as himself . ”
Fotolia
For others , the notion that guilt is inherently bad deserves a second look . Sparkles say guilt is perhaps not the the worst outcome in a conversation about male privilege , as it indicates self reflection and can be an instigator for change .
“ Hopefully , we all feel a little guilty about our own privileges , and we use that guilt to drive our understanding , and then our power , in using that privilege for the betterment of society . ”
As the line of thinking goes , equality is n't oppression , it only feels like it is when you come from a place of privilege and power . “ The power white American boys have been taught to seize for generations comes from the already powerless , women , people of color , everyone who is n't us , ” wrote Will Leitch in a piece for New York Magazine .
They know firsthand that for no particular meaningful reasons some people come out on top and some people come out on bottom , and like the rest of us , they want to know why .
At the same time , so many of us want to protect the innocence , imaginations , and magical thinking of our young children . For Ross , dispelling toxic masculinity does n't have to involve teaching their son that , say , The End Of Men is nigh . Rather , they focus on inequality everywhere .
“ I try to be truthful and point out inequality when we encounter it in our day to day so they can recognize injustice . Then I flip it like Mr. Roger 's mom did and tell them to look for the people doing good , because they 're always out there . ''
Katy Chatel , a mom in Philadelphia , also has an intersectional approach to the subject . “ Sometimes relating one -ism to another allows for an experience to be relatable , '' they tell Romper . `` In our family we talk about and experience all sorts of biases , exclusions , and people acting on fear . Grasping these concepts gives young people a foundation for larger social constructs . ”
Chatel often speaks with their son about how older people undermine the capabilities of young people based on age bias and no specific knowledge about that person 's skills or experience and this is something that children can easily relate to .
Sparkles believe that kids understand about inequity and privilege already , because they experience it on the playground , in the grocery store , and in the world all around . They can understand quite easily that some of their friends come from houses loaded with cookies , and some of them are never allowed sugar . They understand about systems , because they 're constantly focused on fitting into systems themselves .
“ They know firsthand that for no particular meaningful reasons some people come out on top and some people come out on bottom , and like the rest of us , they want to know why , '' they say . `` They are hungry for these kinds of conversations . ”
For all of the parents Romper spoke to , teaching their sons about privilege was viewed as a way to empower them .
`` I am clear when advocating for girls and women that I do n't think we are better than boys and men , '' Chatel says . `` I am not asking for more rights . I am asking for everyone to be given an opportunity to have their needs met . ''
“ All of us benefit when women and girls have the same opportunities as men and boys — and it 's on all of us to make that a reality , '' wrote Canadian Prime Minster Justin Trudeau in an essay for Marie Claire . '' Our sons have the power and the responsibility to change our culture of sexism . I want my sons to escape the pressure to be a particular kind of masculine that is so damaging to men and to the people around them . I want them to be comfortable being themselves , and being feminists—who stand up for what 's right , and who can look themselves in the eye with pride ”
After all , toxic masculinity hurts our boys , says Chatel . “ If we protect our sons from feminism , how do we expect to inspire change ? ”
Check out Romper 's new video series , Bearing The Motherload , where disagreeing parents from different sides of an issue sit down with a mediator and talk about how to support ( and not judge ) each other 's parenting perspectives . New episodes air Mondays on Facebook .
Oden M. Rice Jr. , 61 , of Godfrey , died Friday , April 14 , 2017 , at Rosewood Care Center of Alton .
Visitation will be 9 a.m. until service at 11 a.m. Wednesday , April 19 , at Marks Mortuary in Wood River . Burial will follow in Calvary Cemetery in Glen Carbon .
Milligan Williams , daughter of Philip and Bronwyn Williams of Claxton , was crowned PCA Homecoming Queen Friday night . Carleigh Bell , daughter of Ken and Robin Bell of Glennville , was voted princess . See Page 12 in this week 's paper for a recap of the Patriot 's homecoming game , played in the rain . Pinewood fell to Frederica , 29-0 .
Comments
comments
Insight , hindsight and foresight as we segue from Week 14 to Week 15 in NFL action :
OPENING KICKOFF
For starters : perspective on the big news
Still outraged over how Tom Savage 's concussion was handled by the Houston Texans on Sunday ? We all should be .
If you have n't seen video of the incident , go look it up on the web or social media , searching SAVAGE and SEIZURE .
There is nothing to see here….Savage has what appears to be a seizure or reaction to a hit returns to game 5 minutes later . Ca n't make it up # NFL pic.twitter.com/ONwvvVZM2M — Taylor Twellman ( @ TaylorTwellman ) December 10 , 2017
Many critics again are savaging the NFL 's in-game concussion-diagnosis protocols for being far too lax , even fraudulent .
Untrue , actually .
An understandably upset Chris Nowinski , co-founder of the Concussion Legacy Foundation and probably the NFL 's most strident critic regarding its concussion policies and care of the concussed , tweeted the following on Sunday , shortly after TV showed Savage laying on their back in the end zone after getting driven into the turf in Houston , with stiff arms raised and their hands quivering as though in mid-seizure of some kind :
“ Disgusted that the Houston Texans allowed Tom Savage to return to the game , two plays after showing these horrific concussion signs ( is that a seizure ? ) after a head impact .
“ I would not let my worst enemy go through the 2017 NFL sideline concussion protocol . ”
After playing one more series , Savage was reassessed on the sideline and , this time , removed from the game . The message from the Texans is that neither coaches nor medical personnel saw Savage temporarily exhibit such horrific signs on the field , nor saw TV replays . Team doctors are supposed to have such video access on the sideline .
Look , we all have every justification to be disgusted by that turn of events , not just Nowinski .
Although every level of sport in North America is safer because of Nowinski — thanks to the persistent pressure they and other critics have brought to bear on top leagues , and thanks to the necessary , bright light they and others have shone on the neurodegenerative brain disease CTE — the fact is there 's little wrong with the NFL 's in-game concussion protocols that honest , earnest , relentlessly aggressive implementation can not fix .
Somehow , though , a handful of egregious ‘ missed concussion ' incidents a year continue to occur .
As Postmedia was first to report in August , the NFL this season has upgraded both its sideline and locker-room in-game concussion protocols to be in line with the world of sport 's newest and best practices in these areas .
Indeed , under the direction of first-year chief medical officer Dr. Allen Sills , the NFL this season incorporated lock , stock and barrel the concussion-diagnosis tests included in the fifth and newest version of the international Sport Concussion Assessment Tool ( SCAT 5 ) , published in April on recommendations made last October in Berlin at the fifth international consensus conference on concussion in sport . It 's the first time the NFL ever has wholly implemented a SCAT .
Furthermore , for the first time this season an NFL player exhibiting or describing any of the following three symptoms during a game – loss of consciousness , confusion or amnesia – is now immediately deemed to be concussed . In such cases , no sideline assessment is given ; the player is to be taken directly to the locker room and their day is done .
Even if a fourth symptom — the presence of seizure-like debilitations such as Savage 's — were added , what would it matter if medical personnel are n't made aware of such symptoms , and do n't immediately take away that player 's helmet on the spot and remove them from play for the day ?
Savage is only the latest , disgusting proof that implementation is the crux of the issue here for the NFL .
Last month Seattle QB Russell Wilson apparently was n't even examined after a nasty headshot , before returning to play ; the NFL is still investigating .
If a player can be practically knocked out , or convulse , for all the world to see , but then go back into a game moments later , or do likewise after appearing hurt or in obvious distress after head hits — as we still see multiple times a season – then what 's the point of having any protocols at all ?
High-minded , hard-and-fast rules mean nothing when not followed , and when probably snickered at by the manipulators — all of which is ruinous for the NFL from a PR standpoint , at a time when concern over concussions is more acute than ever .
The NFL claims safety is its highest priority . Commissioner Roger Goodell says as much all the time . Inactions , however , continue to speak louder than those too-often hollow words . Two or three times a year , egregious incidents occur where concussed players just do n't get spotted right away , darnitall , and they go back into the game . People flip out , protocols get tweaked , then it happens again .
The answer no longer can just be , “ It is our obligation to look at where the protocol might not have been followed and just as importantly to see where the protocol can be improved , ” as NFL chief spokesperson Joe Lockhart said on a conference call with reporters on Monday morning .
League officials should not only be concerned , but unflinchingly outraged by the Savage incident . I asked Lockhart on Monday whether it 's time the league considers taking the sole , return-to-play , in-game responsibility from teams ( that is , from team doctors ) .
“ I take your point that the protocol needs to be followed . That 's why we have a mechanism in place to work with the ( players ) union to investigate this , ” Lockhart said . “ ( There is ) a particular emphasis on making sure that the protocol is ( not ) overlooked for competitive reasons . ”
Look , upgraded protocols mean nothing unless earnestly , wholly and properly implemented . Punish the hell out of the transgressors and these incidents , finally , will stop .
HERO
Ben Roethlisberger , QB , Steelers
With their team trailing Baltimore through most of the second half on Sunday night , and Le'Veon Bell unable to squeeze out more than 3.7 yards per carry , the veteran QB picked apart one of the NFL 's best pass defences in rallying Pittsburgh from a late two-score deficit to a 39-38 victory . Big Ben completed 44-of-66 for 506 yards , thereby becoming the first NFL player with three 500-yard passing games .
ZEROES
Seattle Seahawks D-linemen
Led by end Michael Bennett , some Seahawks D-linemen not only refused to just stand up as the Jaguars took a knee in victory formation in the final minute of a sealed 30-24 victory , but Bennett went after the knees of Jacksonville centre Brandon Linder . A melee ensued . The Seahawks did it again on the next kneel-down . More shoving , more flags . Bennett afterward said , “ I do n't have to explain myself. ” He 'd be better if the NFL calls .
STOCK UP
Baltimore Ravens offence
Despite the late meltdown , in turning a 38-29 lead with four minutes left into a 39-38 Pittsburgh win , QB Joe Flacco and the Ravens offence came to life in this game , performing as they had n't in probably two years , especially in the second and third quarters . That provides reason for hope for Ravens fans that their team could prove dangerous if it snags an AFC wild-card berth . It was Baltimore 's first 400-yard output of the season , and only the third since late October 2015 , believe it or not .
STOCK DOWN
Marcus Mariota , QB , Titans
Although they have battled numerous injuries this season , the third-year QB has had only four games with a passer rating over 80 , and has more multiple-interception games ( four , the latest in an awful 12-7 Tennessee loss Sunday at Arizona ) than multiple-TD games ( two , and none since the first Sunday in November ) .
ACTUAL QUOTE
“ The Cleveland Browns wo n't be successful until we get a quarterback . ”
— owner Jimmy Haslam , who apparently has just discovered this
ACTUAL TWEET
“ Dear @ AB84 , Can you take a night off ? Yours Truly , ALL other @ nfl WRs trying to catch you . ”
— Lions WR Golden Tate ( @ ShowtimeTate ) , while watching Pittsburgh 's Antonio Brown ( @ AB84 ) add to their league-leading catch ( 99 ) and receiving-yards ( 1,509 ) totals with 11 grabs for 213 yards against Baltimore
QUARTERBACK RANKINGS
My Top 20 active and available QBs , after Sunday games ( last week 's rankings in brackets )
1 . Tom Brady , NE ( 1 )
2 . Aaron Rodgers , GB ( NR-injured )
3 . Drew Brees , NO ( 2 )
4 . Ben Roethlisberger , PIT ( 3 )
5 . Matt Ryan , ATL ( 4 )
6 . Phil Rivers , LAC ( 9 )
7 . Russell Wilson , SEA ( 6 )
8 . Jared Goff , LAR ( 7 )
9 . Matthew Stafford , DET ( 8 )
10 . Alex Smith , KC ( 10 )
11 . Cam Newton , CAR ( 12 )
12 . Dak Prescott , DAL ( 14 )
13 . Case Keenum , MIN ( 11 )
14 . Derek Carr , OAK ( 14 )
15 . Jimmy Garoppolo , SF ( 20 )
16 . Jameis Winston , TB ( 18 )
17 . Kirk Cousins , WSH ( 16 )
18 . Marcus Mariota , TEN ( 17 )
19 . Jacoby Brissett , IND ( 19 )
20 . Nick Foles , PHI ( NR )
OUT : Carson Wentz PHI ( 5-injured ) , Josh McCown NYJ ( 15-injured )
EXPORTS , EH ?
Eye on Canadian-connected NFLers
Tampa Bay rookie TE Antony Auclair of Notre-Dame-des-Pins , Que. , dressed and played again , in a loss to Detroit . Although they are n't targeted by Jameis Winston this time , they did make a tackle on special teams .
Jacksonville rookie interior DL Eli Ankou continue to remain on the active 53-man roster but not dress on game days , which has been the case since the Jags acquired former Pro Bowl DT Marcell Dareus in late October via trade from Buffalo .
FIVE FAST FACTS
1 . Ben Roethlisberger has thrown for 1,156 yards over Pittsburgh 's last three home games .
2 . Tyrod Taylor , Nathan Peterman and Joe Webb combined have thrown for 342 yards over Buffalo 's last three home games .
3 . Philadelphia remains the NFL 's only undefeated team at home ( 6-0 ) .
4 . New England has n't lost away from home since the AFC title game 23 months ago .
5 . Up to four teams could go from worst-to-first in their divisions : Jacksonville , Carolina and the Chargers could join Philly .
KNOW YOUR HISTORY
Thirty-five years ago this week the New England Patriots defeated the Miami Dolphins , 3-0 , in a blizzard nearly as bad as what we saw on TV on Sunday in Buffalo . At old Sullivan Stadium in Foxboro , Patriots head coach Ron Meyer — who died just last Tuesday — directed grounds-crew member Mark Henderson to drive their small snow plow onto the field , to clear the spot where Patriots kicker John Smith would attempt to score the game 's only points . Smith made the 33-yarder . Dolphins head coach Don Shula seethed , claiming it gave the Pats an unfair advantage . NFL commissioner Pete Rozelle later agreed but refused to overturn the result . The next year the tactic became illegal .
THIS WEEK
Quick thoughts on Week 15 games ( all on Sunday unless noted )
— Broncos at Colts , Thursday , 8:25 ET : Denver has a pulse again . Indy still thawing out from the snow-fest in Buffalo . Coin toss .
— Bears at Lions , Saturday , 4:30 ET : Third Saturday in December means Saturday NFL doubleheader ! Lions could blow this .
— Chargers at Chiefs , Saturday , 7:25 ET : Sole possession of AFC West lead up for grabs . Somehow KC has to find a way to keep up .
— Dolphins at Bills , 1 ET : Last Sunday in Buffalo , snow . This week , the early forecast calls for rain . Cold rain . Which is even worse .
— Packers at Panthers , 1 ET : Nice first game back for Aaron Rodgers – one of the NFL 's best-playing defences . Ouch .
— Ravens at Browns , 1 ET : The Blow-it Bowl . Cleveland just blew a two-score lead early in the 4th , Baltimore late in the 4th .
— Texans at Jaguars , 1 ET : Looks like T.J. Yates will QB the Texans , after the Tom Savage concussion incident .
— Bengals at Vikings , 1 ET : Injury-ravaged Cincinnati has past the point of caring . Minnesota will blow 'em right out of Minneapolis .
— Jets at Saints , 1 ET : New Orleans ca n't afford to slip up against the pesky but now Josh McCown-deprived Jets . And wo n't .
— Eagles at Giants , 1 ET : Philly with Nick Foles at QB against New York , presumably with Eli Manning at QB . What is this , 2012 ?
— Cardinals at Redskins , 1 ET : Arizona has n't been eliminated yet from NFC wild-card contention . But Washington takes this one .
— Rams at Seahawks , 4:05 ET : A mad Seattle team can effectively take over first place in NFC West by completing a Rams sweep .
— Patriots at Steelers , 4:25 ET : Steelers can grab the AFC 's No . 1 playoff seed , and so can the Patriots if they won Monday at Miami .
— Titans at 49ers , 4:25 ET : Can Jimmy Garoppolo improve to 3-0 as late-season San Fran starter ? They sure can . Titans are eroding , fast .
— Cowboys at Raiders , 8:30 ET : Sixth and last game of Ezekiel Elliott 's suspension . Dallas still should win . Oakland 's awful now .
— Falcons at Buccaneers , Monday , 8:30 ET : Means everything to Atlanta , nothing to Tampa Bay . Bucs D is terrible . Falcons romp .
BYES : None . All done .
GUARANTEED LOSERS
Two teams that wo n't win this week
Kinda the opposite of a suicide pool . I can pick a team only once all season , so each of 32 teams over the NFL schedule 's final 16 weeks . Last week 's picks : Kansas City ( which slaughtered Oakland ) and Seattle ( which lost at Jacksonville ) . This week 's picks : Pittsburgh ( which plays host to New England ) and Cleveland ( which plays host to Baltimore ) .
Season record : 14-12 ( .538 )
TAKING A KNEE
This week 's winder-upper
If you believe in sci-fi conspiracy theories , try this one on : the 2017 Kansas City Chiefs are following the same trajectory as last year 's Minnesota Vikings .
Sort of like Brent 's rescue spaceship in Beneath the Planet of the Apes followed Taylor 's in the original Apes movie . And we all remember how that ended for both : doomsday .
The Vikings last year won their first five games , then lost six of seven , before winning in Week 14 to improve to 7-6 — exactly the same as the Chiefs have done so far this season .
How 'd the Vikings finish up last year ? First with two straight losses , to fall to 7-8 , then a win in the meaningless finale to finish 8-8 and out of the playoffs .
Will that be the Chiefs ' fate , too ? KC 's final three games are Saturday against the Los Angeles Chargers — to determine the AFC West leader — followed by Miami at home on Christmas Eve , then at Denver on New Year 's Eve .
After their spectacular offensive explosion to start the season at New England , it 'd be one colossal disappointment if the Chiefs missed the playoffs . Talk about a contrast .
The beginning and the end . Alpha … and Omega .
Till next week …
jokryk @ postmedia.com
0 Rapper ‘ Ralo ' flew drugs across U.S. , sold them from apartments they rented , police say
ATLANTA - An Atlanta rapper , accused of running a cross-country drug operation , was denied bond Tuesday , according to WSB-TV .
> > Read more trending news
Terrell Davis , known by their stage name “ Ralo , ” faces a federal charge of possession with intent to distribute . Authorities allege Davis sold drugs from several apartment units they rent in Atlanta dubbed “ Ralo 's Hood , ” WSB reported . Davis and eight of their associates , believed to be part of their purported gang Famerica , are named in an 11-page criminal complaint .
The complaint states Davis and their acquaintances traveled to California twice to retrieve 964 pounds of marijuana — worth nearly $ 2 million — with the intention of selling it in Atlanta . Davis was arrested April 15 at DeKalb-Peachtree Airport after they initially refused to leave the aircraft , authorities said .
Following Davis ' arrest , federal authorities raided three separate locations in southwest Atlanta allegedly connected to the case .
According to the affidavit , Davis and roughly 10 people boarded a Dec. 18 chartered jet from the Fulton County Airport to Sacramento , Calif. Four days later , the group returned to the Fulton airport , where federal and local surveillance teams saw Davis and the other passengers transfer 37 packages wrapped in white holiday paper from the jet to an Econoline van , which was registered to Davis ' southwest Atlanta address .
An employee with the charter company offered to help unload , but the passengers declined , the affidavit said .
Shortly after the van was loaded , the Georgia State Patrol arrested three men wearing “ RaloFamgoon ” attire inside the vehicle , which was spotted driving in the dark without lights on , according to the complaint . Authorities said they found 520 pounds of marijuana worth $ 1 million in the van .
A day after those arrests , Davis posted a picture of themselves by a swimming pool with the caption : “ I 've lost more than a man have gained in a lifetime ... have you ever lost a million dollars at one time ? ? ? ” A week after the post , authorities said they received a passenger list from the flight and connected Davis to the men .
Four months after the shipment , federal officials were notified Davis and eight others traveled to Northern California again . This time they allegedly transported 17 packages containing marijuana weighing 444 pounds back to DeKalb-Peachtree Airport , according to the affidavit .
The packages , worth $ 880,000 , were loaded onto a Chrysler 300 . Not long after the car left the airport , the GSP stopped it and federal authorities took eight people into custody .
Davis , who remained on the plane , initially refused to comply with authorities ' commands . They later exited the aircraft , which allegedly smelled of marijuana , when police dogs were brought in to assist .
One of Davis ' supporters , Kalya Freeman , told WSB that despite the allegations , Davis often gave back to the community : “ He 's a good person . They support what we do . They support everybody . ”
The Rapper RALO was busted with approximately 440 pounds of marijuana , which has been valued at over $ 840,000 , while flying privately into Dekalb-Peachtree airport in Atlanta pic.twitter.com/Pq2xfrvUCi — Atlanta ( @ Atlantafollowme ) April 21 , 2018
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
: Four people have been arrested in Mumbai for leaking an episode from HBO 's `` Game of Thrones '' television series before it was aired in the country , police said Monday.Already the most pirated show in TV history , the popular fantasy drama -- which tells the story of noble families vying for the Iron Throne -- has been plagued by leaks in recent weeks following the premiere of the seventh season.After receiving a complaint for a company `` we investigated the case and have arrested four individuals for unauthorised publication of the fourth episode from season seven , '' Deputy Commissioner of Police Akbar Pathan told AFP.He said the four -- accused of criminal breach of trust and computer-related offences -- would be detained until August 21 amid an investigation.The case was filed by a Mumbai-based company responsible for storing and processing the TV episodes for an app , local media said.The four arrested were company employees who possessed official credentials giving them access to the episodes , the reports added.Game of Thrones has more Emmy Awards than any narrative show in history and airs in 170 countries , with viewership figures shattering records across the world.As well as being a hit globally , it has a massive fan base in South Asia.Showrunners David Benioff and D.B . Weiss last year announced the shortened run of seven and six episodes for the final two seasons and confirmed the summer return for season seven , a departure from the usual April premieres.The show has been teasing winter 's arrival since its pilot episode in 2011 , and in the latest episode preview `` Death Is The Enemy '' has finally moved closer to showcasing a battle between a horde of undead `` White Walkers '' from the frozen North and a troop of warriors led by hero Jon Snow ( Kit Harington ) .
KUALA LUMPUR : There is no conclusive evidence to confirm that Russia was responsible for the downing of Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 , Malaysian transport minister Anthony Loke said on Wednesday ( May 30 ) .
Investigators probing the 2014 downing of flight MH17 said last Thursday for the first time that the missile which brought down the plane over eastern Ukraine originated from a Russian military brigade . All 298 people onboard died .
Advertisement
Speaking to Channel NewsAsia on Wednesday , Mr Loke said : `` There is no conclusive evidence to point at Russia under the JIT ( Joint Investigative Team ) evidence . ''
Moscow has rejected JIT 's accusation , saying no such weapon had ever crossed the Russian-Ukrainian border and that it was an attempt to `` discredit Russia in the eyes of the international community '' .
`` But who 's responsible - you ca n't just pinpoint at Russia , '' said Mr Loke , when asked about the findings .
`` Of course we have to take into consideration diplomatic relations , '' they said , adding that `` any further actions will be based on conclusive evidence '' .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Australia and the Netherlands , whose citizens were also onboard the plane , have informed Russia that they hold the country responsible under international law for its role in bringing down MH17 .
On Tuesday , Russia rejected calls from the Dutch to accept responsibility at a UN Security Council meeting in Ukraine .
FINAL MH370 REPORT OUT IN JULY
Meanwhile , Mr Loke also told Channel NewsAsia that the final report on MH370 , the Malaysian Airlines Boeing 777 that disappeared in March 2014 with 239 people onboard , will be released in July .
`` What we are deciding right now is the final report of the investigation team , ( which ) will be released in July . This is what I 've committed - we will give full disclosure without any hiding or editing of the contents , '' they said .
Mr Loke also reiterated that the government will consider another search if new evidence resurfaces .
`` If there 's any credible lead or evidence , of course I 'll bring it back to the Cabinet to reopen the search but as of now , the team has briefed me that they 've done everything possible , '' they said .
`` If there are any offers ( like that from Ocean Infinity ) , they can come to us and we can make a decision later . ''
World Igbo Environmental Foundation ( WIEF ) says there are over 2,800 active erosion sites in the South-East of Nigeria .
Odili Ojukwu , Chairman of the foundation , in an interview with journalists in Awka , Anambra State on Wednesday said erosion is threatening to sack many communities in the region from their ancestral lands .
Mr Ojukwu , an engineer , advocated community participation in the management and protection of the environment from erosion .
They blamed the prevalence of gully erosion on faulty road construction and drainage systems , adding that people must ensure that development activities in their areas do not result to erosion .
“ We tried to establish the causes of erosion and gully issues within the South-East and South-South regions ; these are the areas most exposed to erosion .
“ As we speak , in Anambra alone , there are over 1000 active erosion sites , in Imo there are about 300 , Abia 500 , Enugu 500 and Ebonyi 500 .
“ So , if you aggregate it , you will discover that the entire region is at risk of losing its ancestral land . WIEF is saying that every community has the right to protect their environment ; nobody should come into your land to destroy it unless you allow them .
“ Communities need to take ownership of their environment ; that is what will enable them see potential erosion and check it to prevent them from becoming gullies .
“ Climate change is also a factor but that is after all the anthropogenic issues have been taken care of , that is ; all human effect on vegetation must be limited , ” they said .
Mr Ojukwu , an environmental consultant , called for a holistic approach to addressing the erosion menace .
They said government at various levels had not done enough to check erosion as the institutions and policies that guarantee sustainable environment were non-functional or lacking .
“ Historically , governments have not been able to do much to ensure environmental sustainability ; this is also made worse by the I-don't-care attitude of the people .
“ Our institutions do not work , that is why there are no technocrats who act on issues of environment on constant basis
“ Gullies do not begin overnight , there are processes leading to them and they can be stopped with minimal effort at the community level , ” Mr Ojukwu said .
Kogi State Government has concluded plans to establish 12 cottage industries in nine local government areas to boost the economy of rural communities , an official has disclosed .
Mr Edward Onoja , the Chief of Staff to Gov . Yahaya Bello , made the disclosure while inaugurating four community projects executed by ActionAid Nigeria on Wednesday at Ofuloko , Igalamela-Odolu council area of the state .
They said the cottage industries were expected to commence operations in January 2019 , adding that the cottage industries include oil palm , cassava , grains processing and block molding .
The chief of staff said 500 kilometre rural roads would be constructed to assist farmers in evacuating their farm produce .
They said that the road project being sponsored by the World Bank in partnership with the state government would be executed under the state Rural Access Maintenance Project ( RAMP ) .
Onoja said the state government would promptly pay its counterpart contribution for the project to ensure the immediate take-off of the road project aimed at transporting crops to processing centres and markets .
However , Onoja inaugurated two Rice and Maize milling factory , Garri processing and a hand pump borehole at Okpakpata .
They also inaugurated rice , cassava and maize milling machines at Ofuloko in Igalamela-Odolu council area which they described as “ laudable interventionproject ” .
ActionAid Nigeria country Director , Mrs Ene Obi , represented by Mr Ipoade Imolaju , Programme Manager , Humanitarian Resilience , said the essence of the projects was to enhance the living standard of women and youths .
Obi said there was need for the youth to be gainfully engaged to minimise radicalism and extremism .
In their remarks , Mr Zekeri Usman , Youth Leader of Okpeji/Okpakpata community said the intervention of ActionAid and PIBCID had added a “ great value to the economic standard of our people . ”
Mr Aminu Faruna , Youth President , Ofuloko community , commended the ActionAid for the support to eradicate poverty in the community .
The state Commissioner for Agriculture , Mr Kehinde Oloruntoba , inaugurated five similar projects supported by ActionAid Nigeria in Aku , Osara-Gada and Pears , all in Adavi Local Government Area .
Mrs Gift Owonipa , Exexutive Director , Participation Initiative for Behavioural Change in Development ( PIBCID ) said the nine projects in Igalamela-Odolu and Adavi local government areas gulped N36 million .
The retailer 's Q4 earnings beat estimates and same-store sales were up 6.1 % but its shares dropped nearly 3 % in after-market trading .
Shares of Costco Wholesale have fallen more than 7 % since Amazon announced its acquisition of Whole Foods and Costco 's latest quarterly earnings report did n't do much to ease investors ' concerns .
For the fourth quarter , net income attributable to Costco rose to $ 919 million , or $ 2.08 per share , from $ 779 million , or $ 1.77 per share , while total revenue increased 15.7 % percent to $ 42.30 billion .
The results beat analysts ' expectations of earnings of $ 2.02 per share and sales of $ 41.55 billion . Same-store sales were up 6.1 % globally , beating analysts ' estimates of growth of 5.2 % .
Profit was boosted by a hike in membership fees but gross margins in the fourth quarter fell to 13.2 % from 13.4 % year-over-year as the retailer spent to drive sales and member loyalty . Following the release of the results , Costco shares fell nearly 3 % to $ 162.15 in after-market trading Thursday .
Costco investors “ have been accustomed to stronger growth , particularly in terms of same-store sales progress , ” InvestorPlace said , noting that Costco , like rivals Kroger and Wal-Mart , is facing growing competition from Amazon and other online choices . ”
“ There 's no denying that the company 's revenue and earnings growth pace have been slowing as saturation and tougher competition become an increasingly-painful reality , ” InvestorPlace added .
Costco has raised annual membership fees by $ 5 to $ 60 for Goldstar and business members , and by $ 10 to $ 120 for executive memberships . Fees accounted for $ 2.6 billion worth of last year 's revenue and $ 943 million of fourth-quarter revenue .
“ Those prepaid fees largely ensure loyal patronage though , whereas consumers may not step foot in a Wal-Mart or Kroger on a regular schedule , ” InvestorPlace noted .
On a call with analysts , Costco CFO Richard Galanti said the company is expanding e-commerce capabilities to other countries , promoting awareness of its online shopping site to members , and experimenting with new online services .
“ All we can do is perform , ” they said of the competitive threat from Amazon-Whole Foods , adding that Costco may have to “ figure out how to communicate ” its low prices to customers who may be spending more at Amazon or other competitors .
LIEGE , Belgium/BRUSSELS ( Reuters ) - Islamic State claimed responsibility on Wednesday for an attack the previous day in the Belgian city of Liege in which two police officers and a bystander were killed , but provided no proof .
The militant group said in an online statement that a “ soldier of the caliphate ” had carried out what Belgian police called a terrorist attack . It has previously claimed similar “ lone wolf ” acts thought to be Islamist-inspired , often without providing evidence .
Belgian authorities meanwhile faced questions over why the attacker , a prison inmate who was suspected of links to radical Islamists in jail , was let out for a day . They were shot dead by police at a school near the scene .
Interior Minister Jan Jambon said authorities were still examining the motives of Benjamin Herman , a 31-year-old Belgian drug dealer who had been in jail for years but was let out for two days on Monday to prepare for an eventual release in 2020 .
Herman had shouted “ Allahu Akbar ” , the Muslim affirmation of faith , during their attack and they had had contact with Islamist radicals in jail in 2016 and early 2017 .
They also appeared to have followed online exhortations from Islamic State to stab police officers and use their service weapons to shoot others , prosecutors said .
A cleaning woman at the school who found themselves “ nose to face with the killer ” told public broadcaster RTBF that they spared them because they were Muslim .
While they briefly held their hostage , they told them they wanted the police to “ writhe ; I want to make them stew ” .
Justice Minister Koen Geens told RTBF radio they were having pangs of conscience over whether the man should have been allowed the furlough .
Still reeling from the attack , residents of Belgium 's third biggest city lay flowers and candles at the scene of the shooting on Wednesday , and officials held a moment of silence .
“ We had all of the little ones from the high school who were evacuated , ” said an emotional nursery school teacher , Joelle Chalon . “ I walk this way to work every day . ”
Authorities praised the quick-wittedness of the cafe owner outside whose bar Herman had killed the two police officers , aged 54 and 44 . By the time the killer , wielding two police pistols , came in looking for more victims , the cafe proprietor had got all of their customers into hiding .
Jambon described Herman as a psychologically unstable man who might have been on drugs , pointing to their murder of an acquaintance 50 km ( 30 miles ) away on Monday night .
“ There are signs they were radicalised in prison but is it that radicalisation which drove them to commit these acts ? ” Jambon said , adding that although Herman was flagged up in security reports in 2016 and early 2017 , they had been a fringe figure .
JAIL TO JIHAD ?
In and out of jail for a variety of crimes since 2003 , Herman may have found a path to violence that has heightened concerns that Europe 's prisons are incubators for jihadism .
It was the 14th time since their detention that they were granted temporary leave , Geens said . “ Everyone in Belgium is asking the same question : how is it possible that someone convicted of such serious acts was allowed to leave prisons ? ” Deputy Prime Minister Alexander de Croo was quoted as saying .
The national crisis centre , on high alert since a Brussels-based Islamic State cell helped kill 130 people in Paris in 2015 , did not raise its alert level , indicating no follow-up attacks were expected .
“ I think it was just one individual who completely snapped , ” said Pieter Van Ostaeyen , a specialist on jihadism . “ I do n't think it was an organised attack . ”
Convicts have been behind several Islamist militant attacks in Europe . In Belgium , around 450 prisoners are deemed radical , including 46 that are seen as a threat of radicalising others , according to lawmaker George Dallemagne , who sits on several Belgian parliamentary security committees .
“ We have a tragic experience in Belgium , with people entering prison as petty criminals and leaving as terrorists , ” they told Reuters .
Police officers are seen after a shooting in Liege , Belgium , May 29 , 2018 . REUTERS/Thomas Van Ass .
HAGAR TOWNSHIP , Mich. ( WOOD ) — Michigan State Police say one person is dead and another seriously injured in a snowmobile crash in Southwest Michigan .
Authorities were called at 1:37 a.m. to a wooded area in the 4700 block of Carmody Road in Hagar Township . Hagar Township is north of Benton Harbor .
Troopers say the passenger , a 43-year-old Owosso woman , was thrown from the snowmobile during the crash . They were pronounced dead at the scene .
The driver , a 41-year-old Owosso man , suffered serious injuries to their back and pelvis , troopers say . They were taken to Bronson Methodist Hospital in Kalamazoo where they are listed in serious but stable condition .
Troopers say the driver and passenger were not wearing helmets at the time of the crash .
The crash remains under investigation , but troopers say alcohol appears to be a factor .
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Advertisement
The Christian Association of Nigeria , CAN , has charged churches to unite in order to fight insecurity in the nation .
President of CAN , Rev . Samson Ayokunle , gave the charge at the 30th Edo Easter Prayer Breakfast Fellowship in Benin City .
They urged Christians to respect constituted authorities and do away with attitudes which are against the principles of God and law of the country .
Ayokunle stressed that the power of darkness is using some Nigerian leaders to initiate anti-people bill which would ensure that Christians are silenced and relegated to the background but assured that the time for keeping quiet was over .
They emphasized the need for Christians to be united as they were baptized in the same faith though their graces differs .
Rev Ayokunle said ; “ It 's a time for solemn assembly where we sit together in mutual faith to pray for the nation and pray for the church , because we know we are not fighting against flesh and blood , we are fighting darkness which is in every nation .
“ We should not assume that all is well with Nigeria at a critical time like this when our economy is almost comatose . The handwriting is not a good one .
“ We ca n't continue like that . We need to call on the God that created heaven and earth so that we may have a life to enjoy in them and have a better future . ”
The Guest Lecturer , Prof. Vincent Anigbogie , who ascribed the division in christendom to the many denominations available for Christians to worship at , said the preaching of churches have further plunged Christianity into crisis .
Advertisement
Prof Anigbogie , a Professor of Analytical Chemistry at Nigeria Institute of Transformation , harped on the need for Christians to look beyond tribal and cultural differences as a way of uniting the Church .
While calling on clergymen to unite the churches together irrespective of the denominations , instead of further dividing them , the Guest Lecturer urged Christians to preach peace and seek peace first for the holy spirit to dwell in their hearts .
“ We need to gain that consciousness that what affects all affects me and what affects me affects all .
“ Christianity is a nation , it is an identity . Unfortunately , we do n't understand it , so we allow our cultures to divide us , we allow our tribe to divide us .
“ Some of us are saved indeed but our minds have not been redeemed , so we must not carry our tribal and cultural differences into the church .
“ Leaders are both born and made . Some of us have the leadership capacity but we have not been trained . One of the reasons we have not come together as a church is because we have misused the gifts of the church . These gifts are given for equipping of the saints and help them discover their purpose in God .
“ The church of Nigeria will rise and begin to play its rightful role , but we have to stop castigating and support the CAN , for there is strength in our unity , ” they said .
In their remark , President of the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria , PFN , Rev . Felix Omobude , urged Christians to imbibe the lessons learned for the Easter celebration which was to reconcile Christendom .
Burke/Triolo Productions/Thinkstock
Kelsea Ballerini performs at tonight 's 2017 Symphony Fashion Show fundraiser this evening at Nashville 's Schermerhorn Symphony Center .
Tyler Farr is featured on the song , “ My Truck , ” on Colt Ford 's new album , Love Hope Faith . If you pre-order the project , which comes out May 5 , you 'll be able to instantly download the track .
Rosanne Cash will be one of this year 's inductees into the Austin City Limits Hall of Fame . She 'll be honored , along with the late Roy Orbison and the Neville Brothers , at a ceremony in Austin , Texas on October 5 .
Copyright © 2017 , ABC Radio . All rights reserved .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Isabella Daley works three part-time jobs to make ends meet . ( Nick Kozak / SPECIAL TO THE TORONTO STAR )
Isabella Daley had to borrow $ 169 from a friend last fall after they broke their ankle . They could n't afford an air cast . Without it , they would have needed more days off work — all unpaid — making it harder than it already was to make it through the month . She 's been in worse situations , though . Not many compares to the pain they felt in 2005 when their 22-year-old son died . “ I did n't have the money to bury them and why would I ? I did n't have insurance on my kid , ” Daley said . “ I did n't have any savings . Who saves for their kid 's funeral ? ” They managed , but only with donations from people she 'd never met . Today , Daley , who lives in Hamilton , works three part-time jobs trying to make ends meet . Still they only earned about $ 15,000 last year , they said .
Article Continued Below
At 55 , they are just one of thousands of Ontarians struggling financially as income inequality rises . A new report by the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives found the richest half of Ontario families raising children took home 81 per cent of earnings in 2013-2015 , leaving the bottom half to share 19 per cent . The gap has widened from 78-22 in 2000-2002 .
“ Families in the top half of the income spectrum are getting increasing rewards for their work , ” said Sheila Block , a senior economist with the independent research institute , who wrote the Losing Ground report . “ It 's a totally different scenario for families in the bottom half of the income spectrum . Their wages have been declining and the labour market is doing them no favours. ” Slower economic growth , a rise in precarious and low-wage work , and a “ hollowing out ” in the manufacturing sector have taken a disproportionate toll on low income families in Ontario , the report says . Government transfers and tax policy have helped lessen the impact , but proposed legislation that would raise the minimum wage and make forming unions easier is “ long overdue , ” it notes . While average earnings in Canada saw steady growth over the 15-year period , they were stagnant in Ontario between 2000 and 2013 , showing signs of recovery by 2014 , Block said . Families in the bottom half of the income spectrum though , saw their wages drop over the whole period . Those with the lowest earnings saw the steepest decline . Meanwhile , the top half saw their real average earnings rise . Though , earnings for the richest 10 per cent did n't grow , they earned $ 184,919 more than the average family in 2015 . “ The labour market is rewarding some workers at the expense of others , ” Block said , adding that it 's no coincidence unionization rates are declining at the same time . Though 90 per cent of families saws their earnings grow in Canada , the income gap remained significant . “ The richest 10 per cent of families in Canada earned 181 per cent of the average family 's pay , indicating the intractable , stubborn nature of labour market income inequality in this country , ” the report says . For the families in the bottom half , the rise in precarious and low wage work has meant tough choices . “ If your kids have a field trip , you 're in trouble , if your kids have a growth spurt , you 're in trouble , ” said Daley , whose daughters are now 19 and 24 and living at home . Even trips to the grocery story can mean choosing between shampoo and household cleaning supplies , said Daley , who advocates for living wages through the Hamilton Roundtable for Poverty Reduction . With a 10-year-old and 14-year-old about to head back to school , Scarborough resident Emery Cole understands those challenges . “ They need shoes , they need clothes , they need books , ” they said . “ I do n't know how I 'm going to do it. ” A welder by trade , Cole has had more than 15 jobs since 2006 . He 's faced repeated layoffs as manufacturing jobs in Ontario decline . Now he 's worried about the younger generation trying to find work . “ I can see a big-time disaster evolving in Canada , ” they said . Though families across the income spectrum benefitted from government programs , for the bottom half they were “ crucial , ” raising after-tax income in the face of declining pay , the report says . Now , the market and employers need to do their “ fair share , ” Block said . Bill 148 , the Fair Workplaces , Better Jobs Act , is exactly the change Ontario needs , they said , adding that enforcement is needed to make sure employers follow the law if it passes . The provincial legislation proposes raising the minimum wage from $ 11.40 to $ 15 by 2019 and changes designed to make it easier to join a union .
related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
2 related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
Five-times Wimbledon champion Venus Williams dropped their opening service game and lost the first set before finding their rhythm to beat qualifier Alexandra Dulgheru 4-6 6-0 6-1 in the second round on Wednesday .
LONDON : Five-times Wimbledon champion Venus Williams dropped their opening service game and lost the first set before finding their rhythm to beat qualifier Alexandra Dulgheru 4-6 6-0 6-1 in the second round on Wednesday .
The 38-year-old American brought their experience to bear from the second set to seal a comfortable win in their first meeting with the Romanian .
Advertisement
`` It 's just credit to her , they played very well and took advantage , you have to at these championships , '' Venus said of Dulgheru 's first-set performance .
`` It 's not easy to play someone you have n't played , and I 'm sure she 's seen me play a lot , so they were extremely competitive , '' they added .
Dulgheru , world number 141 , came out fighting in the deciding set , won their serve and had two break points for the second game , only for Venus to save both and hold .
Asked about their improved performance from the second set and whether it confirmed their form as they seek a second consecutive final and sixth title , they said : `` It 's just about winning a match , whether it 's your best ( tennis ) or not does n't matter . ''
Advertisement
Advertisement
( Reporting by Rex Gowar , editing by Ed Osmond )
REUTERS : Medical device maker Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corp said on Wednesday it has offered to buy Johnson & Johnson 's Codman neurosurgery business for US $ 1.05 billion in cash , in a bid to expand its portfolio of neurosurgical products .
Integra makes products that are used in neurosurgery , reconstruction , wound and dental care .
The company expects the transaction , if accepted , to add to its adjusted earnings per share by at least 22 cents in the first full year after closing and rise thereafter .
The Codman neurosurgery business , which is part of J & J 's Depuy unit and markets devices for use in neuro-critical care and electrosurgery , generated sales of about US $ 370 million in 2016 .
The U.S. healthcare giant , which is in the process of buying Swiss biotech company Actelion Ltd in a US $ 30 billion deal , last month said it was reviewing strategic options for some of its diabetes care businesses .
BofA Merrill Lynch is serving as Integra 's financial adviser , while Latham & Watkins LLP is acting as its legal adviser .
( Reporting by Divya Grover in Bengaluru ; Editing by Martina D'Couto and Shounak Dasgupta )
Miami Marlins ' Jose Urena delivers a pitch to Tampa Bay Rays ' Jake Bauers during the first inning of a baseball game , Wednesday , July 4 , 2018 , in Miami . Wilfredo Lee AP Photo
MUMBAI : Smartphone component maker Wistron Corp , which counts Apple Inc among its customers , has applied for permission to expand its plant in Bengaluru , a high-ranking regional government official said on Monday .
The Taiwanese contract manufacturer has also requested that its application be fast-tracked , the official at the state government of Karnataka told Reuters .
The move comes less than two weeks after the Wall Street Journal reported that Apple was in talks with the Indian government about the possibility of assembling products in one of the world 's biggest smartphone markets , where the U.S. tech firm controls less than 2 percent .
Apple setting up production in India would be a significant win for the government which has embarked on a major campaign to attract global manufacturers under the slogan `` Make in India '' .
`` Wistron has approached us to expedite certain clearances with regards to the augmentation and expansion of its existing unit , '' said the official , who was not authorised to speak publicly on the matter and so declined to be identified .
Whether Apple will begin manufacturing in India is unknown , but Wistron 's desire to expand `` pretty quickly '' could represent `` several steps in that direction , '' the official said .
Apple did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment . Wistron could not be reached for comment .
Analysts have said local manufacturing could come as part of a wider strategy for Apple to expand in India and even lower prices after Chief Executive Tim Cook visited the country in May and met Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
`` Certainly that ( local manufacturing ) will help in some level of cost optimization , '' said Gartner research director Anshul Gupta . `` Because looking at the current tax structure , local facilities do provide some kind of cost advantage . ''
Another of Apple 's Taiwanese suppliers , Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd - commonly known as Foxconn - also has a manufacturing facility in southern India .
( Reporting by Sankalp Phartiyal ; Editing by Christopher Cushing )
Over the last few days , it 's been painful to watch my university make national headlines for the racist behavior of one of its fraternities . I 'm a graduate student in journalism and a woman of color , and while studying at Syracuse University , I 've been lucky to meet some of the most progressive and thought-provoking people . This is n't the campus that I know . This is n't the school that I chose to attend .
If you have n't read the headlines , here 's a quick summary : Last Wednesday a professional engineering fraternity known as Theta Tau was suspended for filming a video in which a member , in a room full of several other members , pretended to ejaculate on another fraternity member while professing their hatred for black , Hispanic , and Jewish people .
The language they used is too vulgar and disgusting to print here , and the six-minute video , which was first published on a secret Facebook group and later released by The Daily Orange , Syracuse 's independent student newspaper , has since found its way to just about every major news outlet . [ A second video later surfaced of the Theta Tau members miming a sexual assault of a disabled person . ]
In response to the offensive videos , protests erupted on campus with many students calling for the university to take action . On Friday morning the fraternity released a statement , saying the video was meant to be a “ satirical sketch ” roasting a Republican member of the group .
I first heard about the incident through an email I received from the school chancellor . I had n't seen the actual video yet , but I felt a sense of dread . To be completely honest , I was n't sure I even wanted to see it . But ultimately I decided it was important to see the faces of every single person in the video—faces of fellow students who are saying they hate people like me . It 's already hard enough being a person of color at a predominantly white institution and trying to navigate college life . Why shame us ? Why use our skin color to belittle us ?
When I watched the video , I felt many things—sadness , disgust , anger—but I 'm sorry to say that surprise was n't one of them . Many students of color , like myself , are already aware of just how pervasive racism is in white Greek organizations . I remember vividly when University of Oklahoma fraternity members were captured in a cell phone video singing a racist chant while on a bus to a fraternity event in 2015 . Then in 2016 members of a University of Missouri fraternity yelled the N-word and other obscenities at a group of black students on campus . These were public actions caught on tape—it made me wonder how much worse these people behave in private .
It 's one thing to see this stuff on the news ; it 's another thing when it 's about your own peers that you walk the halls with .
`` I want nothing more than to be able to feel safe and welcome on campus . But these bursts of hate on college campuses seem to show that racism is still a pervasive force among young people—hiding in the shadows , even at the most progressive schools . ''
I want nothing more than to be able to feel safe and welcome on campus . But these bursts of hate on college campuses seem to show that racism is still a pervasive force among young people—hiding in the shadows , even at the most progressive schools . I 'm lucky to have not experienced racism firsthand during my college tenure , but now I know that these attitudes still exist . I just have n't always “ seen ” it .
I now find myself constantly wondering if the same peers that smile at me and greet me in the hallways are shaming me behind closed doors . I do n't want this to be my college experience—or the experience of any other student of color at a predominantly white campus . As students , we have to keep calling this ugliness out and demand change from our universities , or it will keep happening .
Pinterest PHOTO : Courtesy of Subject
As of Monday the university has expelled the Theta Tau fraternity from campus , and 18 members have been suspended from school . The university also announced that it will require implicit racial bias and inclusivity training for all Greek and student organization members , as well as advisers .
In a statement , Syracuse chancellor Kent Syverud said the school will conduct “ a top-to-bottom review of all of our Greek life policies , activities , and culture , to be commenced this week and completed in time for us to revise all our practices for the start of the fall semester , ” which includes “ mandatory training for all students , new and continuing , about the values , culture , and expectations of our community . ”
I do n't think this is enough : I believe that all of the fraternity members involved in the video should also be expelled from the school , because hate should have no place on our campus . Period . As a school we need to set the precedent now that this wo n't be tolerated in the future .
What 's going on at my school echoes bigger issues of racism and homophobia we are facing as a nation . If we ca n't justly handle some of these issues at the university level , what will happen once we step out in the real world ?
Camille Nzengung is a graduate student studying journalism at Syracuse University in the S.I . Newhouse School of Public Communications .
Muslim Rohingya insurgents said on Saturday they are ready to respond to any peace move by the Myanmar government but a one-month ceasefire they declared to enable the delivery of aid in violence-racked Rakhine State is about to end .
YANGON : Muslim Rohingya insurgents said on Saturday they are ready to respond to any peace move by the Myanmar government but a one-month ceasefire they declared to enable the delivery of aid in violence-racked Rakhine State is about to end .
The Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army ( ARSA ) did not say what action it would take after the ceasefire ends at midnight on Monday but it was `` determined to stop the tyranny and oppression '' waged against the Rohingya people .
`` If at any stage , the Burmese government is inclined to peace , then ARSA will welcome that inclination and reciprocate , '' the group said in a statement .
Government spokespersons were not immediately available for comment .
When the ARSA announced its one-month ceasefire from Sept. 10 , a government spokesperson said : `` We have no policy to negotiate with terrorists . ''
The rebels launched coordinated attacks on about 30 security posts and an army camp on Aug. 25 with the help of hundreds of disaffected Rohingya villagers , many wielding sticks or machetes , killing about a dozen people .
Advertisement
Advertisement
In response , the military unleashed a sweeping offensive across the north of Rakhine State , driving more than half a million Rohingya villagers into Bangladesh in what the United Nations branded a textbook example of `` ethnic cleansing '' .
Myanmar rejects that . It says more than 500 people have been killed in the fighting , most of them `` terrorists '' who have been attacking civilians and torching villages .
The ability of the ARSA , which only surfaced in October last year , to mount any sort of challenge to the Myanmar army is not known but it does not appear to have been able to put up resistance to the military offensive unleashed in August .
Inevitably , there are doubts about how the insurgents can operate in areas where the military has driven out the civilian population , cutting the insurgents off from recruits , food , funds and information .
The ARSA accused the government of using murder , arson and rape as `` tools of depopulation '' .
'NATIVE '
The ARSA denies links to foreign Islamists .
In an interview with Reuters in March , ARSA leader Ata Ullah linked the creation of the group to communal violence between Buddhists and Muslims in Rakhine in 2012 , when nearly 200 people were killed and 140,000 , mostly Rohingya , displaced .
The group says it is fighting for the rights of the Rohingya , who have never been regarded as an indigenous minority in Myanmar and so have been denied citizenship under a law that links nationality to ethnicity .
The group repeated their demand that Rohingya be recognised as a `` native indigenous '' ethnic group , adding that all Rohingya people should be allowed `` to return home safely with dignity ... to freely determine their political status and pursue their economic , social and cultural development '' .
The Rohingya have long faced discrimination and repression in Rakhine State where bad blood between them and ethnic Rakhine Buddhists , stemming from violence by both sides , goes back generations .
The ARSA condemned the government for blocking humanitarian assistance in Rakhine and said it was willing to discuss ceasefires with international organisations so aid could be delivered .
Some 515,000 Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh but thousands remain in Rakhine .
Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi has faced scathing criticism for not doing more to stop the violence , although a military-drafted constitution gives them no power over the security forces .
Suu Kyi has condemned rights abuses and said Myanmar was ready to start a process agreed with Bangladesh in 1993 by which anyone verified as a refugee would be accepted back .
Many refugees fear they will not have the paperwork they believe Myanmar will demand to allow them back .
( Writing by Robert Birsel ; Editing by Stephen Coates )
Us Weekly 's new owners have brought back one of the magazine 's old guard . Former news editor Jen Peros — who left the magazine for “ Entertainment Tonight ” in 2015 — is making their glorious return as the managing editor for American Media Inc. 's celeb titles , working on Us Weekly as well as Star , OK ! , the National Enquirer , Globe and the National Examiner , plus their associated Web sites and Radar Online .
American Media bought the iconic magazine from Wenner Media in March and went through a heavy round of cost-cutting layoffs . Peros , who starts in late August , will be one of the first high-profile hires David Pecker 's AMI has made since the purchase from Jann Wenner .
“ Jennifer is one of the industry 's brightest talents and we are delighted to bring their news-breaking abilities to our portfolio of brands , ” said Dylan Howard , AMI 's chief content officer , adding , “ To be able to hire someone from ‘ Entertainment Tonight ' also underscores our commitment to unique video and television programming . ”
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
That a key contender was dropped because of their views does not bode well for developments on the Korean Peninsula and US foreign policy toward Asia , says Korea Expose 's Steven Borowiec .
SEOUL : On paper , Victor Cha is a strong candidate for the post of the United States ambassador to South Korea .
A Georgetown University professor who was born in the US to Korean parents , Cha holds a PhD from Columbia University , has published widely on the question of how to deal with North Korea 's nuclear programme , and served as top advisor on North Korea affairs during the presidency of George W Bush .
Cha 's Korean heritage would make it easier for them to build a rapport with South Korean counterparts , but their US nationality would leave no uncertainty as to where their loyalties lie .
It was therefore no surprise when , in recent months , Cha 's name began to circulate as the Donald Trump administration 's likely nominee for the job of envoy to Seoul .
Adding urgency to the situation is the fact that the US currently has no ambassador to South Korea , a major ally where more than 28,000 US soldiers are stationed and many more Americans live and work .
Recent months have seen near constant tensions on the Korean peninsula , raising the questions of why the US has n't installed an ambassador in Seoul to coordinate on how to manage an evolving and potentially explosive situation .
Advertisement
Advertisement
REMOVED FROM CONSIDERATION
Cha was all set to be formally appointed , until the Trump administration pulled the plug .
The Washington Post reported that Cha was removed from consideration for the job after they privately expressed disagreement with the Trump White House 's North Korea policy .
Cha then publicly explained their contention that the Trump administration 's suggestion of a preventive military strike on North Korea could spark a war that would cause the deaths of thousands of Americans by provoking North Korean leader Kim Jong-un into responding with force .
US Assistant Secretary of State Christopher Hill ( centre ) arrives with US Ambassador to China Clark Randt ( right ) and Victor Cha ( left ) , US National Security Council 's director for Asian Affairs , for six-party talks in Beijing on Mar 17 , 2007 . ( Photo : AFP/GREG BAKER )
Cha , heretofore known as being quite hawkish on North Korea , was apparently ousted for refusing to go along with such a strategy , and for pointing out the risks of such a move .
Cha being passed over for the ambassadorship is the strongest evidence yet to emerge that Washington is planning tougher action on North Korea including a possible military strike at some point , and a cause for concern for anyone who lives in or cares about Asia .
While the prospect of war is something that has for decades been part of the backdrop of life in South Korea , fears of conflict these days are growing significantly .
In Seoul , whenever journalists or diplomats gather for drinks after work , the topic of conversation is nearly always , not if , but when and how the Trump administration will initiate war with North Korea .
STRONG INDICATIONS OF LIKELY MILITARY ACTION ?
Trump 's first State of the Union address this week featured stronger indications that they may be planning for a military strike .
In attendance were the parents of Otto Warmbier , an American student who died after being imprisoned in North Korea . During their speech , Trump pledged to “ honour Otto 's memory with American resolve ” .
Also present was Ji Seong Ho , a North Korean defector who suffered hunger and torture before escaping .
Commentators have pointed out how this presentation of a state as both abusing its own people and threatening the outside world was made in 2002 to sell the American public on the upcoming invasion of Iraq .
US President Donald Trump 's State of the Union address comes as their opinion poll approval numbers touched new lows , despite promising economic data and the president 's frequent boasts of historic victories . ( Photo : AFP/Mandel NGAN )
MISSING AMBASSADORS
US officials are now left with the task of finding another ambassador to South Korea . The post has been vacant since Mark Lippert , an Obama-era appointee , left the country more than a year ago .
It is a wonder how such an important US ally could go for so long without an ambassador , especially with the Olympics about to be held in South Korea , and ongoing discussions about renegotiating a free trade deal with the US .
And South Korea is not the only country in Asia that the Trump administration has n't gotten around to staffing .
US ambassadors to China and Japan were put in place in last year , roughly five and seven months respectively after Trump took office .
Southeast Asian countries including Thailand , Indonesia and the Philippines all retain ambassadors from the Obama administration .
In Singapore , the appointment of KT McFarland has been in flux since they were first nominated for the post in May of last year . McFarland is suspected of having knowledge of contact between their former boss , former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn , and a former Russian ambassador . On Friday , they wrote to Trump asking that the nomination be withdrawn .
Former US deputy national security advisor KT McFarland . ( Photo : AFP/Chris Kleponis )
The position of ambassador to Singapore has now been vacant for more than a year .
SOMEONE WHO WO N'T GET IN THE WAY
In Cha 's case , that a government would seek out an ambassador they expect to faithfully carry out their plans for the country is not new or surprising .
Both the Obama and Bush administrations faced criticism for appointing ambassadors who were well-connected in Washington but lacked the relevant diplomatic experience to warrant their posting .
What is notable about Cha 's case is the depth of their Korea knowledge and government experience , and how late in the game they have been eliminated .
The Trump administration seems to be looking not for someone with the appropriate qualifications for the job , but someone who wo n't get in the way of their plans for a strike .
Cha being brushed aside illustrates just how far the US government 's approach to North Korea has shifted .
Cha was once considered hawkish , in that they opposed the South Korean government 's policy of unconditional aid to the North , and spoke of the North as a dangerous rogue state with nuclear ambitions that could risk the safety of millions , not as a misunderstood country that just needed “ engagement ” .
The Bulletin of Atomic Scientists mentioned new testing by North Korea , and an enhanced commitment to nuclear weapons in China , Pakistan and India AFP
Cha did n't get the ambassador job , but he 'll be fine . They are still an accomplished academic and could see a boost to their credibility for having had the backbone to push back against plans for a preventive military strike .
The bigger and more unnerving matter is whether a US government that ca n't get it together to appoint ambassadors in a timely and professional manner has the acumen to manage relations on the Korean Peninsula during a period of high tension , let alone execute a military strike that could risk the stability of the entire region .
We should all be worried about what might come next .
Steven Borowiec is the politics editor of Korea Exposé .
By Dua Khawar , Class-4 , Age 8 Years
Cobbler saw Marry
Growing their garden
Marry saw Wee Wille Winkie
In the Town 8 ' o Clock
Wee Wille Winkie saw little teapot
That was very hot
Little teapot saw frogs and caterpillars
Humping and jumping
Frogs and caterpillars saw the itsy bitsy spider
Crawling up the tree
Itsy Bitsy spider saw little bow-peep
Who lost their sheep
Little bow-peep saw humpty dumpty
Falling from the wall
Humpty dumpty saw Johny
On the see-saw
Johny saw little jack horner
Eating chirmas pie
Little jack horner saw tweedle-dum and tweedle-dee
Having a battle
Tweedle-dum and tweedle-dee saw a rock-a-bye baby
On the tree top
Rock-a-bye baby saw mary and their lamb
In their school .
Published in Young Nation magazine on November 26 , 2016
Editor ,
Community radio became an American institution in the twentieth century for many reasons , but at its core , these reasons tie to one : civic connection , both with one 's civic self on the national scale and with one 's civic self on the local scale .
Around the country , the impact of community radio on its listeners and producers is seen best in the collaborative cultivation of tolerance , inquiry , discovery , freedom , justice for all , preservation of the natural world and an overwhelming unity on such values . This phenomenon belongs to the grass-roots efforts of community media .
Big-money corporate media will produce listening and viewing environments that move America “ safely ” past its own culture like a voyeur behind security glass . Community radio stations like WGDR remind the listener that everyone participates in protecting and producing the information that fosters truth , justice and the democratic process for the health of their community lives .
WGDR 's spring pledge drive runs from Monday , April 24 through Monday , May 1 . Some of you have already read WGDR 's new mission , and , having been inspired by our stance for social justice , environmentalism , and independent arts , you 've given generously . Thank you .
For the rest of us , this campaign is our opportunity to invest in the resistance of the exploitation of common people and their common good . WGDR sustains the community life we cherish , the life we are genuinely empowered within .
Give your “ WGDR Resistance Gift ” today .
Kris Gruen , Director
WGDR/WGDH , Goddard College Community Radio
Frances two Catherines - Deneuve and Frot - are united in an entertaining and bespoke script from Martin Provost
Dir/scr : Martin Provost . France/Belgium , 2017 . 117mins
France 's two most bankable actores - Catherine Frot and Catherine Deneuve - give viewers their money 's worth in The Midwife ( Sage-Femme ) a bittersweet delight written to order for two consummate performers who inhabit their diametrically opposed characters with satisfying élan . Already widely sold - although not to US and UK - this tale of a jovially disruptive stab at redemption late in the game of life shows every sign of being another hit-in-waiting for writer-director Martin Provost ( the Cesar-sweeping Seraphine and the excellent Violette ) upon its March 22 French release .
Deneuve does flighty entitlement with convincing glee
Claire ( Frot ) delivers babies in a small but busy clinic that operates on a human scale . The facility will soon close and their field - to which they are deeply and selflessly devoted - is being phased out in favour of assembly line birthing technology in state-of-the-art but impersonal hospitals .
An apparently celibate single mother whose son , Simon ( Quentin Dolmaire , who made their mark as the young Mathieu Amalric in My Golden Days ) is in their second year of medical school , Claire is a self-sufficient teetotaler who avoids red meat and toes most of society 's lines . By the standards of the woman who 's about to upend their life , she 's the definition of a stick-in-the-mud .
Claire lives in a working-class Paris suburb and rides a bicycle to get around . Coming home after an eventful night of deliveries they hear a voice on the answering machine they have n't heard for 35 years : Beatrice ( Deneuve ) . Beatrice says she 's looking for a certain Antoine and wonders whether Claire is their daughter .
Beatrice is an almost comically carpe diem kind of gal whose free-wheeling insouciance is both annoying and infectious . They may be essentially homeless but does n't see that as an obstacle to eating well in restaurants or enjoying fine wines . After all , they can always replenish the funds they keep in a clear plastic sandwich bag by frequenting a fast-paced illegal card game ( genuine denizens of this illicit sport make earthy extras ) or selling their remaining jewelry from a life spent in the fleeting company of generous gentlemen . They act like the Russian princess they may or may not be .
Beatrice does n't know that Claire 's father - whom the cavalierly adventurous Beatrice deserted from one minute to the next - is dead . Claire , now 49 , was only 14 at the time and more or less forced to be serious as a direct result of Beatrice 's devil-may-care attitude . After just a few majestic scenes with Beatrice - Deneuve does flighty entitlement with convincing glee - Claire 's muted enthusiasm about the older woman popping back into their life is understandable .
Will these two radically dissimilar women find common ground ? And will a rugged but sensitive truck driver ( Olivier Gourmet ) play a role in their lives ? Claire is arguably too well-behaved and spoiled , self-centered Beatrice exudes an earthy wisdom ‘ born ' of experience . Show them a moment and she 'll live for it .
Frot and Deneuve work subtle wonders with their purpose-written roles . Claire 's devotion to their profession is beautifully reinforced by the sixauthentic deliveries captured on film . ( With Frot positioned for maximum realism , the crew filmed the live birth scenes in Belgium since French law requires that a baby be three months old to appear in a film . ) There 's a wonderful nuance in the original French title that 's not reflected in the English translation . ‘ Sage-Femme ' does indeed mean ‘ midwife ' — but the hyphen dissolves on screen leaving two words that mean ‘ wise ' or ‘ well-behaved ' woman instead .
The proceedings are shot with a real feel for locations , from ritzy corners of Paris to hospital corridors to the amateur gardens and waterways beyond the capital . The film 's musical score is appealing .
If former Dragons ' Den star Robert Herjavec is on your shopping list this Christmas , you might want to add dancing shoes to your gift basket .
Herjavec 's second wife Kym Johnson Herjavec – who they met on Dancing with the Stars – is pregnant . They confirmed the news in an Instagram post on Monday with an ultrasound snap showing their unborn child giving a thumbs up .
The upcoming baby will be the first child for Kym , 41 . Robert is already a dad to three children from a previous marriage .
Amazon Prime Video has set a release date for The Tick : Season 1 , Part 2 .
Mighty Blue Justice will re-commence on February 23 , 2018 with six new episodes .
SPOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON ! ( Temp battle cry ! )
The Tick Season One : Part Two Set to Premiere on February 23 , 2018
* * Today Amazon Studios announced the first season of The Tick will continue with the debut of six all new episodes on Friday , February 23 , 2018 * *
About The Tick
In a workaday world where superheroes fly among us , mild-mannered accountant Arthur Everest ( GRIFFIN NEWMAN ) suspects The City is controlled by a fabled villain known as The Terror ( JACKIE EARLE HALEY ) , despite evidence of The Terror 's death 15 years ago . Arthur has a traumatic connection with The Terror , whose movements they have obsessively tracked since childhood . Arthur 's sister , Dot ( VALORIE CURRY ) , is a paramedic who dotes on their brother but also provides a sibling 's tough love . The more they talk about super-villain super-conspiracies , the more they warn them to “ keep it real . ”
Fate soon brings Arthur together with a tall , verbally adroit muscleman with superpowers and a mysterious past : The Tick ( PETER SERAFINOWICZ ) . As they investigate the mystery surrounding The Terror , they draw attention from the electrifying enigma known as Miss Lint and a hyper-violent vigilante named Overkill , confronting the complexity of the struggle between good and evil . THE TICK , bursting with relentlessly original storylines and quotable dialogue , shows what a blast crusading for truth and justice can be . Our culture is now awash with self-serious mythologies and grimly determined , interchangeable characters filling not just franchises but entire universes . The time has come for THE TICK .
Cast :
Peter Serafinowicz , Griffin Newman , Jackie Earle Haley , Valorie Curry , Brendan Hines , Yara Martinez , Scott Speiser , Michael Cerveris , John Pirkis and Alan Tudyk
Created by :
Ben Edlund
Season One : Part One is available on Amazon Prime Video
Like this : Like Loading ...
Advertisement
The Lagos State Sector Commander of Federal Road Safety Corps ( FRSC ) , Mr Hyginus Omeje , has warned articulated vehicle drivers against loading their vehicles above bridge heads and electrical installations .
Omeje gave the warning yesterday in Lagos .
They said that some trucks in the city centre usually took the risk of carrying containers or loads that were higher than electrical cables , foot and flyover bridges .
The FRSC boss said that such truck drivers use long poles or sticks to lift electrical cables , saying that they risked being electrocuted .
Omeje advised truck drivers to stop the dangerous habits , saying their action was capable of destroying pedestrian bridges and other installations .
Advertisement
“ We have always cautioned those engaged in carrying too much load within streets , it can not occur on the major highways except around Badagry .
“ On the Badagry axis , we have had some cases where they will cross the Nigerian border and add excess load when they get to the trade fair area .
“ It resulted in one or two crashes in the past but ever since then , we have put eagle eyes on them – articulated vehicles , along with other security agencies .
“ When we see such kind of load , we stop them and make sure they reduce it . Some of them carry out such acts mostly at night . ”
“ The height of the vehicles is usually not the problem because the manufacturers built them to specifications which considered the bridges but the excess load is what causes the problems . ”
President Trump on Monday explicitly called out and denounced white supremacists by name after the domestic terror attack and violence that erupted in Charlottesville over the weekend .
`` Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs , including the KKK , neo-Nazis , white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans , '' Mr. Trump said in remarks from the White House 's Roosevelt Room .
The president , who had just met with FBI Director Christopher Wray and Attorney General Jeff Sessions , said that the Department of Justice has opened a civil rights investigation into the deadly events of Saturday . They said that anyone who acted criminally will be `` held fully accountable . ''
CBS News
`` We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred , bigotry and violence . It has no place in America and as I have said many times before , no matter the color of our skin , we all live under the same laws , we all salute the same great flag , we are all made by the same almighty God , '' they said .
The president named the three people who were killed on Saturday : Heather Heyer and the two Virginia state troopers who died in a helicopter crash , Lt. H. Jay Cullen and Trooper-pilot Berke M.M . Bates .
Their remarks occurred after the president came under fire for the way they handled Charlottesville two days ago . Mr. Trump on Saturday condemned hatred `` on many sides , '' which prompted backlash from both Democrats and Republicans alike .
An unnamed White House spokesperson released a follow-up statement Sunday saying that the president condemns `` all forms of violence , bigotry and hatred , and of course that includes white supremacists , KKK , neo-Nazi , and all extremists groups . ''
Dubai 's financial regulator is investigating allegations of mismanagement at private equity firm Abraaj , which is on the verge of financial collapse after a scandal over its use of investor money , two sources familiar with the matter said .
DUBAI : Dubai 's financial regulator is investigating allegations of mismanagement at private equity firm Abraaj , which is on the verge of financial collapse after a scandal over its use of investor money , two sources familiar with the matter said .
The Dubai Financial Services Authority ( DFSA ) has interviewed the firm 's founder , Arif Naqvi , and other senior executives in the past few months as part of the probe , the sources said .
Advertisement
The DFSA declined to comment . Abraaj said in a statement discussion between it and the regulator were `` ongoing . ''
`` While we do not comment on confidential discussions with our regulators , we are highly focused on strengthening our corporate governance and internal controls , '' the company said .
A third source said Abraaj co-chief executives Omar Lodhi and Selcuk Yorgancioglu were among those questioned by the regulator .
There was no immediate comment from Naqvi or their legal representative . There was also no immediate comment from Lodhi . Yorgancioglu referred a Reuters request for comment to Abraaj .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The investigation heaps more pressure on Abraaj which is trying to sell its investment management business to Colony Capital following a dispute with some of its investors over the use of money in a US $ 1 billion healthcare fund .
This erupted late last year , when investors including the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and the International Finance Corp made allegations that Abraaj mishandled their money in the healthcare fund . Abraaj has denied misusing the funds .
The allegations triggered a solvency crisis at the fund , the biggest buyout fund in the Middle East and North Africa .
After halting fund raising activities and shaking up management , Abraaj last month filed for provisional liquidation in the Cayman Islands as it seeks an agreement with creditors and is selling parts of its businesses .
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Summary findings of a review by Deloitte , appointed by Abraaj to audit its operations , said that a cash shortage at the firm led it to dip into investor funds .
Deloitte said on June 4 there was no evidence of embezzlement or misappropriation , but highlighted a lack of `` adequate governance '' and `` overall weakness '' at Abraaj .
In a statement on June 21 , the DFSA said it would be `` discussing various matters with the Joint Provisional Liquidators of Abraaj Holdings and Abraaj Investment Management Limited and would continue to work toward safeguarding the interests of investors . ''
( Additional reporting by Saeed Azhar in Dubai and Ebru Tuncay in Istanbul . Editing by Jane Merriman )
Welcome back to reality .
That was supposed to be the storyline Saturday . But Brock Boeser has a way of changing everything .
It was fair to wonder how far the Vancouver Canucks are from being an annual postsesaon participant — let alone a Stanley Cup contender — when it looked like the sobering news was being delivered at Rogers Arena Saturday night , with the visiting Tampa Bay Lightning holding a 3-0 third-period lead .
Three years to get back to the playoffs ? Probably . How many more to get back to 2011 territory ? Who knows ?
After a pair of encouraging victories , the Canucks found out how the elite go about their business and then did something about proving that they just might shorten the time span to be competitive on a consistent basis .
Not only did the Lightning prove for two periods why they 're atop National Hockey League standings — and a good bet to win it all — it was the manner in which they are built , and their dynamic game predicated on speed , skill , forechecking and a lockdown defence .
Two early goals allowed the club to play a road game where protecting the lead was of paramount importance as opposed to proving why they 're averaging a league-best 3.55 goals per outing .
And with the NHL 's top point producer in Nikita Kucherov , Steven Stamkos tied for fourth , Victor Hedman a Norris Trophy candidate and Andrei Vasilevskiy a Vezina Trophy favourite , the embarrassment of riches was something the Canucks simply could n't match until they showed some third-period moxie .
Here 's what we learned as the Canucks fell 4-2 :
BOESER CAN GET YOU FROM HERE TO THERE
For everything that 's happening up front with the Lightning , they have six defencemen who are at least 6-foot-2 , and a trio that measures in at 6-foot-5 , 6-foot-6 and 6-foot-7 and weigh more than 220 pounds each .
What did that mean ?
It meant getting to the net and establishing position was going to be tough . It meant trying to catch the Lightning , and Bo Horvat did that on a third-period breakaway that was thwarted . Troy Stecher did dangle in the slot and found Thomas Vanek for a wraparound goal , so at least there was no quit .
And that looked like a nice story . Then Boeser did their Boeser thing .
The Calder Trophy contender bolted through the neutral zone and ripped home a wrister to turn what looked like a sure loss into a nailbiter until the Bolts ended the suspense with a penalty shot goal .
After all , the Lightning seem to have it figured out about where the game is going and how it should be played . With seven forwards who measure less than 6-feet — and a trio at just 5-foot-8 — they are a fast-skating menace in the offensive zone and the collective speed allows them to get on top of defenders in a hurry and negate the transition game .
Look at it this way .
Tampa Bay selected speedster Brayden Point in the third round of the 2014 draft , and they already have 20 goals this season .
NO POWER IN THEIR PLAY
The only real chance the Canucks had been to draw penalties to allow the league 's sixth-ranked unit to keep them in the game .
However , they did n't have a power play until the final seconds of the second period , which spoke of an inability to drive the offensive zone — and especially the net — with any level of authority or consistency .
And on their initial power play , they got a gift when Anton Stralman 's soaring clearing attempt caught the far-end netting to provide a 5-on-3 advantage for 1:50 .
Aside from Henrik Sedin hitting the crossbar and Boeser getting away a couple of blasts from the high slot , there was n't much .
CAPTAIN DEFLECTS ANOTHER PLATEAU
Henrik Sedin gave a brief wave from the bench when their 1,300th career game was acknowledged .
They were already concerned about their club digging a two-goal hole that came because the Canucks could n't get out of their own zone .
It resulted in a Chris Kunitz slot deflection of a point shot to open scoring . And when the Canucks could n't transition the puck four minutes later , Jacob Markstrom got beat between the pads on a Hedman wrister from the slot before six minutes elapsed .
“ When you reach these even ( career game ) numbers , it 's always something to talk about , ” Henrik said before the game .
“ It 's not sometning I put a lot of thought into . Tonight is a big game . It 's perfect . They might be the top team in the league and a good test for us coming off some big wins . ”
They were right .
bkuzma @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/benkuzma
5 Reasons why Brock Lesnar 's MMA retirement is a hoax
We think The Beast Incarnate is far from done in the UFC ... and here 's why
by Riju Dasgupta Top 5 / Top 10 15 Feb 2017 , 20:37 IST
Do n't pay heed to stories about Brock Lesnar 's retirement , we say !
A few hours ago , we reported that Brock Lesnar was through with MMA and had informed the UFC about their retirement from active competition inside the Octagon . Before fans weep tears of dismay and the hearts of Lesnar 's supporters are broken worldwide , we 'd like to request them to put those tissues away for good .
We think Brock Lesnar still has at least another MMA match in him , and maybe even a run ! Here are five compelling reasons that should convince each reader that Lesnar will enter the Octagon one more time and show their opponents who the beast truly is . Maybe not this year , or the year after , but sometime in the future for certain .
# 5 An offer they can not refuse !
Every beast has theirs price ...
The UFC needs star power to sell pay-per-views , and few names in the roster compare to the mainstream appeal of the Beast Incarnate in terms of selling tickets . It 's not like Brock Lesnar needs money at all , but UFC pays obscene amounts of money to mainstream stars who bring eyeballs to the brand .
Even if it were n't for a complete run , the appeal of a one-off payday certainly would appeal to Brock Lesnar . Especially because we know that he 's in the shape of their life and they can still go with the best in the world today .
Superstars may not know it themselves at the time , but there have been many instances of retired legends wanting to step back into the limelight once again . Just ask Lesnar 's current Wrestlemania opponent Bill Goldberg , who thought they were done with professional wrestling for good at the time of their retirement . The lure is sometimes too strong !
Next year will mark the 20th anniversary of a notable Securities and Exchange Commission initiative — the issuance of its “ plain English handbook , ” a self-described 83-page guide to “ writing disclosure documents in a language investors can understand . ”
While disclosure readability , particularly when it comes to earnings , is presumed to benefit investors , a new study says it can be of tangible benefit to issuers also , especially when their earnings results are less than stellar .
According to the study published in the July issue of The Accounting Review , “ When a firm provides a less readable disclosure , participants feel less comfortable evaluating the firm , and their judgments … are more sensitive to outside sources of information about the firm , ” such as sell-side analysts . “ In addition… [ even ] when participants do not access any of the outside sources of information , … valuation judgment is lower overall when a firm provides a less readable disclosure . ”
The study , “ Disclosure Readability and the Sensitivity of Investors ' Valuation Judgments to Outside Information , ” cites a probable reason for this more negative judgment : lower readability “ might undermine managers ' ability to convince investors that future performance is likely to improve… When the causal narrative is difficult to read , investors are likely to either discount managers ' positive assertions about the future or place greater weight on outside information sources that may conflict with the managers ' assertions . ”
The paper calls into question the notion that poor readability can be advantageous in reporting bad results .
“ If managers strategically issue less readable disclosures to obfuscate poor performance , our results suggest investors will respond by increasing their reliance on outside information , at least partially negating this strategic obfuscation , ” write co-authors H. Scott Asay of the University of Iowa , W. Brooke Elliott of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign , and Kristina M. Rennekamp of Cornell University .
At the same time , the study uncovers a likely unintended consequence of issuing readable disclosures – namely , that they “ may lead investors to over-rely on firm disclosures by reducing their propensity to incorporate outside information into their judgments. ” In other words , readability may prove more advantageous to the companies reporting results than to the investors digesting them .
The paper 's findings derive from an experiment involving 203 individuals that were directed to assume the role of a prospective investor in a hypothetical company similar to an actual firm in the sporting-goods field . Participants were presented with simulated press releases summarizing the firm 's sales and earnings for its most recent quarter . The press releases detailed what amounted to a mixed bag of results : for example , the company 's earnings fell short of the original guidance it had provided , but its net sales were up 6.6 % and its net income was up 5.8 % from the year-ago quarter .
Although all releases contained the same data , they were equally divided between adopting or not adopting formatting and linguistic features suggested by the SEC — such as using descriptive heads and subheads to break the text into bite-sized pieces and writing short sentences in active voice .
In addition , each of the two groups of participants had available to it three media or analyst reactions to the quarterly results that expressed either a uniformly positive or uniformly negative view of the company 's potential as an investment .
Subjects were asked 1 ) to indicate on an 11-point scale ( with 1 equaling very low , 11 very high ) their assessment of the company 's value and 2 ) to estimate on a seven-point scale ( 1/low , 7/high ) their comfort with the release — a measure of their confidence in its reliability and in their own evaluation of the company . In addition , the researchers monitored to what extent participants referred to the three uniformly positive or uniformly negative outside opinions they had received .
Participants gave the company a 6.10 investment rating on an 11-point scale when the press release they read was relatively low in readability and the outside sources they received gave meager support to the company as an investment . That rating was more than 10 % below the score for each of the experiment 's three other combinations — a highly readable press release combined with either high or low company support from outsiders ( 6.90 and 6.80 respectively ) and a less readable press release combined with high support from outsiders ( 6.91 ) .
Among the 75 participants who conferred an investment rating solely on the basis of the press release without bothering to read outsiders ' assessments , a readable document simply impressed them significantly more favorably than a less readable one did .
“ When participants do not access any of the outside sources of information , we find that valuation judgments are lower overall when a firm provides a less readable disclosure , ” the authors write .
As for the 128 participants who took the trouble to read one or more of the outside sources , a highly readable release overcame negative outsider opinions , while a less readable one did not .
Without the impression of clarity that a good press release conveys , readers are increasingly subject to influence from outside sources , the study concludes . “ When a firm provides a less readable disclosure , participants feel less comfortable evaluating the firm , and their judgments about the firm are more sensitive to the content of outside sources of information about the firm , ” write the authors .
In sum , when financial results are mixed , readability can carry the day , whether an investor seeks outside opinions or not .
Why is readability still absent in many corporate financial documents ? “ Scholars have assumed a major reason is that managers intentionally prepare less readable disclosures when company performance is poor , ” says Iowa 's Professor Asay .
“ In general , though , poor readability probably has less to do with deliberate obfuscation than with the inherent difficulty of producing readable narratives of any kind and the much greater effort required when performance leaves something to be desired . In any event , what our study makes clear is that failing to make that extra effort is likely to prove costly . ”
The Accounting Review is published six times yearly by the American Accounting Association , a worldwide organization devoted to accounting education , research , and practice .
JERUSALEM : Israeli police are to question Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Monday ( Jan 2 ) over whether they illegally accepted gifts from wealthy supporters , media reports said , in a probe shaking the country 's political scene .
The long-running inquiry has looked into whether Israeli and foreign business people have offered gifts worth tens of thousands of dollars , among other issues , according to the reports .
Attorney general Avichai Mandelblit has reportedly approved upgrading the inquiry to a criminal probe , though they have yet to confirm this .
Police and Netanyahu 's office declined to comment on Monday .
Public radio said Netanyahu has agreed to be questioned at their residence .
In a Facebook post at the weekend , Netanyahu rejected all allegations against them and said their political opponents and some news outlets wanted to bring down their government .
In July , Mandelblit said they had ordered a preliminary examination into an unspecified affair involving Netanyahu . No details were given on the nature of the preliminary examination and Netanyahu has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing .
They have acknowledged receiving money from French tycoon Arnaud Mimran , who was sentenced to eight years in prison over a scam amounting to 283 million euros involving the trade of carbon emissions permits and the taxes on them .
Netanyahu 's office said they had received US $ 40,000 in contributions from Mimran in 2001 , when they were not in office , as part of a fund for public activities , including appearances abroad to promote Israel . They have also come under scrutiny over an alleged conflict of interest in the purchase of submarines from a German firm .
Media reports have alleged a conflict of interest over the role played by the Netanyahu family lawyer , David Shimron , who also acts for the Israeli agent of Germany 's ThyssenKrupp , which builds the Dolphin submarines .
More than seven years after Allan Lanteigne was beaten to death in the foyer of their Ossington Ave. home , a jury is now finally deliberating the fate of the two men charged with their murder . Lanteigne 's husband , Demitry Papasotiriou-Lanteigne , 38 , and their lover , Michael Ivezic , 57 , have been on trial for first-degree murder — a plot the Crown said was driven by their plan to cash in on Lanteigne 's $ 2-million life insurance policy .
Allan Lanteigne , shown in an undated photo , was found beaten to death in the foyer of their Ossington Ave. home on March 3 , 2011 . ( Toronto Police )
For the past six months , courtroom 4-9 at the Superior Court of Justice in Toronto has featured an eclectic mix of evidence and characters : from intimate emails and diaper porn to a soldier judge and a combative defendant who acted as their own lawyer . There was also plenty the jury was n't told . The story began on March 3 , 2011 when the 49-year-old University of Toronto accounting clerk was found dead in the matrimonial home . There were no signs of forced entry . More than a year and a half later , Toronto police arrested Papasotiriou-Lanteigne . Ivezic was arrested in Athens , Greece two months after that , and extradited in early June 2013 .
Article Continued Below
Both men denied any involvement . The Crown 's case against Ivezic , the alleged assailant , was undeniably stronger : their DNA was found in Lanteigne 's fingernail clippings , and they were in the GTA at the time of the killing , while Papasotiriou-Lanteigne was living in Greece . But the prosecution got off to a bumpy start .
Allan Lanteigne , centre left , and Demitry Papasotiriou-Lanteigne , centre right , shown at their wedding reception with unidentified guests . ( Court exhibit )
Although Ivezic was committed to stand trial for murder following a preliminary hearing in 2014 , Ontario Court Justice Shaun Nakatsuru discharged Papasotiriou-Lanteigne on the grounds that there was n't enough evidence against him . The Ministry of the Attorney General then took the rare step of issuing a preferred indictment , which reinstated the murder charge , and Papasotiriou-Lanteigne was rearrested .
Papasotiriou-Lanteigne promptly challenged that action , alleging bias on the part of the man who signed the indictment , Deputy Attorney General Patrick Monahan — who was a professor at Osgoode Hall law school when Papasotiriou-Lanteigne was a student there . Superior Court Justice Ian Nordheimer heard days of evidence before ultimately refusing to quash the indictment . Nevertheless , a trial date of September 2016 was vacated because the defendants were without lawyers .
Article Continued Below
The pair spent the next year launching a series of legal challenges . Ivezic produced a steady stream of disclosure demands , all requiring courtroom litigation with an army of lawyers . In one of many pretrial rulings , Nordheimer noted there had been more than 50 court appearances , “ including 30 where disclosure played a role. ” Last September , Nordheimer released what would be their last decision in the case . The defendants had asked that the prosecutors be removed , alleging they had tampered with records and evidence , lied to the defence and the court and colluded with police . “ The evidence in support of those allegations is difficult to find , ” Nordheimer wrote . Within days , they were appointed to the Ontario Court of Appeal .
Justice Robert Goldstein , a fitness buff and Canadian army reservist who once took a break from their job as a federal Crown attorney to serve in Afghanistan , took over as the trial judge when Justice Ian Nordheimer was appointed to the Ontario Court of Appeal . ( YouTube )
Replacing them would be Superior Court Justice Robert Goldstein , a fitness buff and Canadian army reservist who once took a break from their job as a federal Crown attorney to serve in Afghanistan . Operating in the vicinity of the Taliban was a prelude of the courtroom battles ahead for Goldstein , who was conducting their first murder trial since their 2012 judicial appointment . For Crown attorney Hank Goody , a veteran of scores of murder cases , this prosecution was their final major trial . When Goody 's co-counsel , Anna Tenhouse , finally delivered the Crown 's opening address to the jury on Nov. 27 , 2017 — now more than five years after Lanteigne 's death — the jurors were told the trial would last between three and four months . Papasotiriou-Lanteigne , who was free on bail throughout the trial , became a familiar sight at the University Ave. courthouse , clutching their smartphone with its photo collection of the lifelike portraits of their grandmother and mother that they painted at night . Ivezic was held in custody , a fact the jury was not told . It was after Christmas that the trial really started to bog down .
Michael Ivezic acted as their own lawyer during their trial on a charge of first-degree murder in the beating death of Allan Lanteigne . ( Toronto Star file photo )
For reasons unexplained , Ivezic fired defence lawyer Marcy Segal , who is known as an aggressive courtroom litigator , and chose to represent himself . Then , in mid-February , without the jury present , Ivezic asked the judge for permission to cross-examine a police witness about Lanteigne 's “ lifestyle. ” “ I want the truth to shine , ” Ivezic told Goldstein . The “ truth , ” according to Ivezic , was that “ Allan was no saint . They were very promiscuous , ” and engaged in “ risky behaviour ” with “ many men who could have had the opportunity kill Allan. ” Ivezic wanted the jury to see which websites Lanteigne had visited , especially those catering to adult diaper-wearing enthusiasts , raising the spectre that someone else levelled the lethal blows . Asked by the judge for their view , Goody told Goldstein that evidence would “ divert the jury from fact finding. ” They described the dating sites as “ benign , ” and said there “ is nothing to suggest ( Lanteigne ) had any interest in violence. ” In fact , Lanteigne seemed more interested in intimacy and “ cuddling , ” Goody said . After considering the arguments , Goldstein told Ivezic such evidence would be of limited value , and ordered them to refrain from “ gratuitous references to fetishes and ( sexual ) preferences. ” When the jury returned , Ivezic ignored the judge 's warning and asked the officer if they found “ any photos that could be described as unconventional. ” “ Where are you going with this ? ” Goldstein asked Ivezic after ordering the jury out of the courtroom . It was a phrase they would use over and over during the trial . “ I want the jury to know there were some unusual photos . I 'm not saying what they were , ” Ivezic replied . “ I 'm not going to allow you to go there , ” snapped Goldstein . “ Bring the jury in. ” Almost immediately , Ivezic went there again , further exasperating the judge . Goldstein appeared to bend over backwards to accommodate Ivezic , steering them clear of “ minefields ” that could hurt both them and their co-accused . The defendant did n't always see it that way . “ You 're treating me like a kid , ” Ivezic complained at one point . “ I do have the right to defend myself , ” they said another time . “ I 'm facing 25 years and I 'm not going to be shortchanged by anybody . ”
Toronto lawyer Demitry Papasotiriou-Lanteigne was free on bail during their trial on a charge of first-degree murder in the 2011 beating death of their husband , Allan Lanteigne . ( Vince Talotta / Toronto Star )
For the most part , Papasotiriou-Lanteigne 's lawyer , Gabriel Gross-Stein , who was still in law school when the murder took place , stayed in their seat . And there were more hiccups . One day in early March , Ivezic did not show up in court , prompting the judge to threaten an “ extraction ” order to get them back in the courthouse . “ You do n't get a choice about when you get to come , ” Goldstein warned . Then Ivezic had their jailhouse computer and internet privileges cancelled after an audit discovered they were surfing porn sites and had set up a Facebook page . They had been using the computer to prepare their case , but also to send journalists their unproven theories about police malfeasance and how officials colluded to plant their DNA . By mid-March , nerves were frayed . Ivezic brought a mistrial application , arguing the judge 's facial expressions were compromising their right to a fair trial . Goldstein rejected it . Meanwhile , the courtroom drama was playing out to just a handful of spectators , including Lanteigne 's tiny mother and sister , who were seated in the front row . Throughout the proceedings , the elephant in the room was the DNA from Ivezic that was found in Lanteigne 's fingernail clippings . Ivezic had an explanation for that . “ Evidence will show I had lunch with Allan on Monday , Feb. 28 , ” they told jurors during their opening address , which Goldstein had first edited to remove inadmissible comments . “ Evidence will show that this may be the time that the innocent transfer of my DNA , to Allan 's fingernails , may have taken place. ” By the time Ivezic eventually testified — Papasotiriou-Lanteigne never did — they had brought in veteran Toronto lawyer Jack Gemmell . Which brings us to the pimple . On May 31 , 2017 , at a separate hearing relating to legal representation , Ivezic testified about a lunch they claimed to have had with Lanteigne at a Queens Quay gyros stand on Feb. 28 , 2011 , several days before the murder . “ Allan is a very touchy-feely person and ... how should I say this , they were a groomer , if you will , ” they told Frank Addario , another veteran defence lawyer , who conducted the cross-examination . “ If there 's something out of place , for example if there 's a ... pimple on my nose or on my face or whatever , he , they would take it upon themselves to actually , to actually pop it , or squeeze it , or scrape it or whatever. ” Apparently taken aback , Addario asked if Ivezic was saying Lanteinge had “ popped a pimple on your face. ” “ I think it was on my nose , ” Ivezic replied . During the just-completed trial , Ivezic did not mention the pimple-popping story .
KINSHASA - Nearly eight million people face acute hunger in the Democratic Republic of Congo as a result of conflict , especially in the central Kasai region , UN food agencies said Monday .
`` Food security and nutrition ... are deteriorating in many parts of DRC , but nowhere is the situation more alarming than in Kasai , '' said Claude Jibidar , director of the World Food Programme 's operations in the country . The Food and Agriculture Organization ( FAO ) said about 7.7 million people were on the verge of starvation overall in the vast central African country , a 30 percent surge over a year ago .
A rebellion has been raging in the diamond-rich Kasai region for the past year , with both the government and rebels accused of atrocities . The FAO said an estimated 1.4 million people in Kasai and in the eastern province of Tanganyika had been forced to flee their homes over the past year . Farmers have been unable to plant their crops for the last two seasons because of fighting that has seen their villages and fields pillaged , the report says .
In addition , armyworm infestations have destroyed crops in over a quarter of the country , it said .
`` The situation is set to get worse if urgent support does not come in time , '' said Alexis Bonte , the FAO 's representative in the DRC .
`` Farmers , especially those displaced - majority women and children - desperately need urgent food aid but also means to sustain themselves , such as tools and seeds so that they can resume farming , '' they said .
Chronic malnutrition affects 43 percent of children under five - or more than seven million children - overall in DR Congo , the FAO report said .
Conflicts have displaced about 3.7 million people within the country , with `` a steady flow of refugees from neighbouring countries putting a strain on already stretched resources '' , it said .
REUTERS : NBCUniversal , the U.S. media conglomerate owned by Comcast Corp , is in the final stage of talks to buy a 25 percent stake in European broadcaster Euronews , a source close to the Euronews management told Reuters on Wednesday .
The investment will allow NBC to reach out to 277 million new households in 13 languages across Europe , Africa and the Middle East .
If the deal goes ahead , NBC News - part of NBCUniversal - would look to strengthen Euronews ' offerings , while NBCUniversal could use the transaction as a first step to expanding its operations on the European continent .
The investment will be made through a reserved shares sale and could amount to approximately US $ 30 million , the source said . A second capital increase is planned for all existing Euronews shareholders .
The entire deal has yet to be approved by Euronews shareholders by the end of this month , with completion expected by the end of March or start of April , the source added .
Separately , NBCUNiversal named Noah Oppenheim as president of NBC News , according to an internal memo seen by Reuters on Tuesday .
Euronews was created in the wake of the 1990 Gulf War as a `` European CNN '' and used to be owned by a consortium of state-owned European channels before Egyptian billionaire Naguib Sawiris took a 53 percent stake in the broadcaster .
Sawiris is expected to keep a controlling stake in Euronews , following the two capital increases , the source said .
The memo said Oppenheim , the executive in charge of NBC 's morning show `` Today '' , will replace Deborah Turness , president since 2013 .
Turness will be named as the first president of NBC News International . Both Oppenheim and Turness will report to NBC News Chairman Andy Lack .
( Reporting by Laharee Chatterjee in Bengaluru and Mathieu Rosemain in Paris ; Editing by Maju Samuel and Adrian Croft )
“ Weston was the best defensive player by far for us , ” Brouillard said . “ His defense was just crazy at times . We as coaches sometimes could n't understand how they were able to get to some of the balls that they got to . Their ability to read plays and where the ball is going to go is amazing . They are just so quick and aggressive and , if you need a play , they are the one who wants to make it for you . They love the big moments . ”
It 's that time of year again when apps are being updated with Halloween content . Here are a few titles that went above and beyond for the upcoming Halloween season . We will be highlighting the best spooky apps and games all month long in our Halloween apps section .
The Simpsons : Tapped Out ( Free ) The popular building title has been updated with a new Treehouse of Horror story where you must help the Simpsons fight against an evil sorcerer and their horde of magical beasts ! Teach your fellow townsfolk how to use to stop the sorcerer and save Springfield from being taken over by dark magic .
Family Guy The Quest for Stuff ( Free ) Help Peter and the rest of Quahog fend off zombies and famous horror movie monsters after Stewie 's holographic projector malfunctions . You can collect iconic characters from films like Silence of the Lambs and Teen Wolf
Futurama : Worlds of Tomorrow ( Free ) Save New New York from Robot Devil and their Robot Incubots and prevent Robot Hell from descending on planet Earth .
Sailor Moon Drops ( Free ) The `` Door of Space and Time '' is now available . The door lets you play through past events to collect previously limited characters . A special Halloween version of Usagi/Serena is also now available to unlock .
New Halloween App Store Titles
Tennis : Nadal gains China quarters
1 SHARES Share Tweet
BEIJING ( AP ) – Rafael Nadal earned their season-leading 58th victory on Thursday by beating Karen Khachanov , 6-3 , 6-3 , to reach the quarterfinals of the China Open .
The top-ranked Spaniard , who won the French Open and US Open this year , saved all six break points they faced and increased their lead over Roger Federer at the top of the rankings .
Nadal will next face John Isner . The big-serving American defeated Leonardo Mayer , 6-0 , 6-3 .
“ Tomorrow will be a tough one against Isner , ” Nadal said . : John is a very good player from the baseline , too . I saw them today . They played so aggressive , having a lot of success , hitting a lot of winners , returning very well . ”
Andrey Rublev also advanced to the quarterfinals , beating seventh-seeded Tomas Berdych , 1-6 , 6-4 , 6-1 .
In the women 's tournament , Jelena Ostapenko advanced after Peng Shuai , the last Chinese player in the competition , retired from the match while trailing 3-0 .
Also , third-seeded Sorana Cirstea defeated fourth-seeded Karolina Pliskova 6-1 , 7-5 , and Caroline Garcia beat Alize Cornet , 6-2 , 6-1 .
Related
comments
Creationist Ken Ham is very angry at the Washington Post for incorrectly reporting that they believe dinosaurs were wiped out by the biblical flood described in the story of Noah .
The reality , says Ham , is that Noah brought dinosaurs on board with him .
Ham , the founder of the Creation Museum and the Ark Encounter , took to Twitter on Sunday to angrily scold the Washington Post for an article that linked their museums to a theory that claims Noah 's flood wiped out the dinosaurs .
The Zamfara police command has issued a two weeks ultimatum to bandits , unlawful groups and individuals in possession of fire arms in the state , to surrender them .
The ultimatum is contained in a statement issued to newsmen in Gusau on Saturday by the command 's Public Relations Officer , DSP Muhammad Shehu .
“ The ultimatum will commence from today , Saturday , 3rd February , 2018 ; therefore the outlawed groups , especially herders , farmers , yansakai , repentant bandits , vigilante and militia groups , which activities are not in conformity with the laws of the land , should abide by these directives , ” it said .
The command said upon expiry of the ultimatum , the ongoing mop-up of small and light weapons would be intensified , warning that any person or group arrested in possession of firearms would face the wrath of the law .
The command therefore urged members of the public to cooperate with it and utilise its Complaints boxes in sharing the useful Information .
WELLINGTON : A possible Labour-Green coalition narrowed the gap with the ruling National Party in New Zealand 's final election tally on Saturday , strengthening their position in formal talks next week with a small nationalist party to form a government .
The final Sept. 23 election results confirmed New Zealand First , led by the outspoken and unpredictable Winston Peters , holds the balance of power in the formation of a coalition .
National won 56 seats and Labour and Greens together took 54 seats , leaving them both reliant on New Zealand First 's nine seats to meet the 61 seats needed for a majority in parliament in New Zealand 's proportional representation system .
National lost two seats to the Labour-Green bloc compared with preliminary results - a development which Labour leader Jacinda Ardern said buoyed their position at the negotiating table .
`` We will continue our negotiations in earnest with potential support parties beginning this weekend , '' Ardern told reporters in Auckland .
`` This now means that we have a strengthened mandate to negotiate and form a durable , stable coalition government . ''
Advertisement
Advertisement
Ardern , 37 , took over the Labour leadership nearly two months before the election , quickly drawing comparisons with youthful , cosmopolitan leaders like Canada 's Justin Trudeau and France 's Emmanuel Macron . They have almost single-handedly brought Labour to within reach of forming government .
New Zealand First 's Peters has said they would only make a decision on which party to back after the final tally and after the results become official on Oct. 12 .
Prime Minister Bill English told reporters in Queenstown that the final results did not change the nature of the negotiations , which would now likely focus on the economy .
`` I do n't think it weakens it significantly at all , '' they said , referring to National 's negotiating position . `` The fundamentals have n't altered , and that is National has significantly more seats than Labour , we are larger than a Labour-Greens combination . ''
POLICIES
If New Zealand First chooses to go with Labour , which are thought to have more in common in terms of policy , the gain in seats for the Labour-Greens bloc would make it easier for Peters to justify the move , analysts said .
Both parties have said they want to curb immigration , renegotiate certain trade deals and adjust the role of the central bank albeit in different ways .
`` If Labour , the Greens and NZ First had formed a government with a majority of one ( seat ) ... that would n't have sat comfortably with many people , '' Richard Shaw , politics professor at Massey University , refering to preliminary results .
A Labour , Greens , NZ First coalition would now hold a three-seat majority after the final tally .
But some say Peters could be swayed to go to National given it would be a straightforward coalition between two parties .
Peters , a veteran New Zealand politician who has now held the balance of power three times , has in past elections formed coalition governments with both the National Party and Labour .
The National Party won 44.4 percent of the votes , the Labour Party 36.9 percent , New Zealand First 7.2 percent , the Green Party 6.3 percent .
( Reporting by Ana Nicolaci da Costa and Charlotte Greenfield ; Editing by Michael Perry )
The average U.S. household expenditure on gasoline in 2017 is expected to total $ 1,977 , or approximately 2.4 % of mean incomes of households , according to projections in EIA 's most recent Short-Term Energy Outlook ( STEO ) . The most recent peak for household gasoline expenditures was $ 2,715 , or 4.0 % of household income , in 2008 . More recently , average household gasoline expenditures in 2015 and 2016 were near or below $ 2,000 , or 2.5 % of total household income .
Household gasoline expenditures have fluctuated over the past 10 years as a result of changes in gasoline prices and consumption . When gasoline prices are relatively high , more of a household 's income is devoted to gasoline expenditures , leading to lower gasoline consumption and efforts to improve vehicle fuel economy .
Declines in gasoline prices since 2012 , however , have led to increases in vehicle travel and increases in gasoline consumption . Based on EIA 's latest STEO projections , continued low gasoline prices are expected to lead to record-high gasoline consumption of 9.3 million barrels per day for 2017 .
Lower gasoline prices have contributed to decreasing household gasoline expenditures since 2012 , as gasoline consumption has generally increased . STEO estimates that gasoline prices will average $ 2.48 per gallon in 2017 , which is 33 % lower than the price in 2012 .
NEW YORK  U.S. authorities said a 19-year-old Canadian pleaded guilty to terrorism-related charges in connection with what they call an ISIS-inspired plot to target landmarks in New York City more than a year ago , including Times Square and the citys subway system .
The U.S. Attorneys Office for the Southern District of New York says the Canadian , identified as Abdulrahman El Bahnasawy , of Mississauga , Ont. , has been in custody since the FBI arrested them in New Jersey in May 2016 .
The arrests were first announced Friday following a courts unsealing of federal terrorism charges against the three men .
The other two accused are identified as Talha Haroon , a 19-year-old U.S. citizen residing in Pakistan , and Russell Salic , 37 , from the Philippines .
U.S. authorities allege the three men communicated through Internet messaging applications , allegedly plotting to carry out bombing and shootings in heavily populated areas of New York City during the Islamic holy month of Ramadan in 2016 .
They also allege that while in Canada , El Bahnasawy purchased bomb-making materials and helped secure a cabin within driving distance of New York City to use for building the explosive devices and staging the attacks .
El Bahnasawy and Haroon began communicating with an undercover FBI agent posing as an ISIS supporter , and declared their allegiance to the terror group .
The release says El Bahnasawy stated to the agent that 1/8t3/8hese Americans need an attack and that they aspired to create the next 9/11 with plans to come to New York from Canada .
The statement also says they sent the agent a photo of Times Square , saying , 1/8W3/8e seriously need a car bomb at times square . . Look at these crowds of people ! 
The RCMP issued a statement saying it collaborated with the FBI in the investigation that led to El Bahnasawys arrest .
The statement also says that at no time was the safety or security of the public at risk .
This investigation is a good example of how law enforcement must continually work together to rapidly to gather evidence , irrespective of where that evidence may be found , to interdict those who would commit terrorist atrocities ,  it says .
The charges against El Bahnasawy include conspiracy to use weapons of mass destruction and conspiracy to commit acts of terrorism transcending national boundaries , both which carry a maximum penalty of life in prison .
El Bahnasawy is scheduled to be sentenced on Dec. 12 , 2017 .
American justice officials said extradition proceedings are ongoing in Pakistan and the Philippines to bring the other two suspects to the U.S. to face the charges .
The Cheyenne-Arapaho Old Settlers Reunion board has been busy preparing activities to entertain the many people who will be in Cheyenne the week of April 17-22 , 2017 . This year 's reunion marks the 125th Anniversary of the Cheyenne-Arapaho Land Run .
You need to login to view the rest of the content . Please Login . Not a Member ? Join Us
`` , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 970x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 728x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 57_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 55_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 2_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } ] , '' other_square_desktop '' : [ { `` targeting '' : { `` IOM '' : [ `` 300x600_5000 '' ] , '' ix_id '' : [ `` _VY8yOJVM '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' certification testing : 5_5000 ( 1520325519 ) `` , '' size '' : [ 300,600 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' IndexExchangeHtb '' } ] } , '' page '' : [ ] } ; } if ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' & & demand ! = null ) { updateIXrender ( demand ) ; } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol : ( typeof location.protocol ! = 'undefined ' ) ? location.protocol.substring ( 0 , location.protocol.indexOf ( ' : ' ) ) : 'http ' , server : 'adserver.adtech.de ' , network : '1695.1 ' , params : { loc : '100 ' } } ; ADTECH.config.placements [ 'www.eurosport.ru_other_square_desktop ' ] = { responsive : { useresponsive : true , bounds : [ { id : 'neutralisation_square ' , min : 0 , max : 899 } , { id : 'www.eurosport.ru_other_square_tablet ' , min : 900 , max : 1279 } , { id : 'www.eurosport.ru_other_square_desktop ' , min : 1280 , max : 9999 } ] } , sizeid : '170 ' , fif : { usefif : true , disableFriendlyFlag : true } , params : { target : '_blank ' } , kv : ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' ) ? Object.assign ( { `` site '' : `` www.eurosport.ru '' , '' position '' : `` square '' , '' page '' : `` story '' , '' sport '' : `` 57 '' , '' recurring_event '' : `` 565 '' , '' competition '' : `` 457 '' , '' agency '' : `` 16 '' , '' topic '' : `` 5 '' , '' sponso '' : `` off '' , '' content '' : `` 6833259 '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } , HBKEYVALUES [ getHtSlotName ( `` other_square_desktop '' , '' other_square_tablet '' , '' other_square_mobile '' ) ] ) : { `` site '' : `` www.eurosport.ru '' , '' position '' : `` square '' , '' page '' : `` story '' , '' sport '' : `` 57 '' , '' recurring_event '' : `` 565 '' , '' competition '' : `` 457 '' , '' agency '' : `` 16 '' , '' topic '' : `` 5 '' , '' sponso '' : `` off '' , '' content '' : `` 6833259 '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } } ; ADTECH.enqueueAd ( 'www.eurosport.ru_other_square_desktop ' ) ; ADTECH.executeQueue ( ) ; } if ( window.headertag ! = undefined ) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand ( [ { htSlotName : getHtSlotName ( `` other_square_desktop '' , '' other_square_tablet '' , '' other_square_mobile '' ) } ] , lazyLoadedIX ) ; } else { console.error ( 'Wrapper is not loaded , let\ 's just carry on with the request ' ) ; lazyLoadedIX ( null ) ; } } -- > '' , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 970x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 728x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 57_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 55_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 2_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } ] , '' other_square_desktop '' : [ { `` targeting '' : { `` IOM '' : [ `` 300x600_5000 '' ] , '' ix_id '' : [ `` _VY8yOJVM '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' certification testing : 5_5000 ( 1520325519 ) `` , '' size '' : [ 300,600 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' IndexExchangeHtb '' } ] } , '' page '' : [ ] } ; } if ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' & & demand ! = null ) { updateIXrender ( demand ) ; } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol : ( typeof location.protocol ! = 'undefined ' ) ? location.protocol.substring ( 0 , location.protocol.indexOf ( ' : ' ) ) : 'http ' , server : 'adserver.adtech.de ' , network : '1695.1 ' , params : { loc : '100 ' } } ; ADTECH.config.placements [ 'www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_desktop ' ] = { responsive : { useresponsive : true , bounds : [ { id : 'neutralisation_square ' , min : 0 , max : 899 } , { id : 'www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_tablet ' , min : 900 , max : 1279 } , { id : 'www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_desktop ' , min : 1280 , max : 9999 } ] } , sizeid : '1761 ' , fif : { usefif : true , disableFriendlyFlag : true } , params : { target : '_blank ' } , kv : ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' ) ? Object.assign ( { `` site '' : `` www.eurosport.ru '' , '' position '' : `` middle '' , '' page '' : `` story '' , '' sport '' : `` 57 '' , '' recurring_event '' : `` 565 '' , '' competition '' : `` 457 '' , '' agency '' : `` 16 '' , '' topic '' : `` 5 '' , '' sponso '' : `` off '' , '' content '' : `` 6833259 '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } , HBKEYVALUES [ getHtSlotName ( `` other_middle_desktop '' , '' other_middle_tablet '' , '' other_middle_mobile '' ) ] ) : { `` site '' : `` www.eurosport.ru '' , '' position '' : `` middle '' , '' page '' : `` story '' , '' sport '' : `` 57 '' , '' recurring_event '' : `` 565 '' , '' competition '' : `` 457 '' , '' agency '' : `` 16 '' , '' topic '' : `` 5 '' , '' sponso '' : `` off '' , '' content '' : `` 6833259 '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } } ; ADTECH.enqueueAd ( 'www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_desktop ' ) ; ADTECH.executeQueue ( ) ; } if ( window.headertag ! = undefined ) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand ( [ { htSlotName : getHtSlotName ( `` other_middle_desktop '' , '' other_middle_tablet '' , '' other_middle_mobile '' ) } ] , lazyLoadedIX ) ; } else { console.error ( 'Wrapper is not loaded , let\ 's just carry on with the request ' ) ; lazyLoadedIX ( null ) ; } } -- >
Paris Saint-Germain academy graduate Yacine Adli is set to become Unai Emery 's first signing for Arsenal , ESPN report .
According to the report , Adli will sign an initial three-year contract with Arsenal after rejecting a better offer , on paper , from PSG .
Adli , 17 , was being tracked by Arsenal 's head of recruitment Sven Mislintat as early as March , when it was gathered that Manchester City , Barcelona and Bayern Munich were also keen , but they were expected to sign professional terms in Paris until recently .
Emery has helped to persuade the midfielder to leave Parc des Princes for Emirates Stadium , just weeks after handing them their senior professional debut towards the end of a goalless Ligue 1 draw away at Caen .
The France youth international is highly rated at PSG and they have been trying to persuade them to sign professional terms for months , but like Manchester City-bound Claudio Gomes , they have failed to convince them and now the teenager is set to reunite with Emery in London .
Adli , like Gomes , was unconvinced by PSG 's future plans for him , while Emery and Mislintat 's promise of significant game time , long-standing interest and good relationship with agent Moussa Sissoko swung the player in their favour .
Their eight minutes as a substitute in Caen look likely to remain their sum total at professional level with * PSG * , who have lost another highly rated young player for a nominal fee .
New PSG coach Thomas Tuchel has already demanded an in-depth look at the youth academy and following this latest setback , it was gathered sporting director Luis Fernandez is likely to face some serious questions .
Elsewhere , Tuchel 's backroom team continues to take shape with former RB Leipzig assistant manager Zsolt Low and long-time collaborator Arno Michels joining the German in Paris .
A team of employees with the Arizona Salt River Project was sent over the weekend to assist with ongoing efforts to rebuild Puerto Rico 's power grid in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria 's devastation . Residents there have been without power for more than 75 days . The first team from SRP left in staggered waves Sunday and plan to help in Puerto Rico for the next month . A second deployment of team members from the Arizona Salt River Project will head there for another 30 day deployment to help repair the ailing power grid in January .
Barcelona have denied that former president Sandro Rosell illegally bought a liver for ex-France defender Eric Abidal .
Abidal , 38 , who is now the club 's technical secretary , had a transplant in 2012 after a tumour was found in their liver .
Reports in Spain claim Rosell , who was jailed for money-laundering in 2017 , purchased the organ .
Barcelona say they “ roundly deny any irregularity in the matter ” .
Exposure to paint , varnish and other solvents may put people at a 50 per cent higher risk of developing multiple sclerosis ( MS ) , a potentially disabling disease affecting the central nervous system , a study says .
With exposure to solvents , people who also carry genes that make them more susceptible to developing multiple sclerosis are nearly seven times as likely to develop the disease as compared to those with no solvent exposure who do not carry the MS genes , said the study published in the journal Neurology .
For people who have been smokers , the risk is even greater . Those who have been smokers with solvent exposure and the MS genes are 30 times more likely to develop MS than those who have never smoked or been exposed to solvents and who do not have the genetic risk factors , said the study .
“ These are significant interactions where the factors have a much greater effect in combination than they do on their own , ” said study author Anna Hedstrom from the Karolinska Institutet in Stockholm , Sweden .
“ It 's possible that exposure to solvents and smoking may both involve lung inflammation and irritation that leads to an immune reaction in the lungs , ” Hedstrom added .
For the study , the researchers identified 2,042 people who had recently been diagnosed with MS and matched them with 2,947 people of the same age and sex .
Blood tests were used to determine whether the participants had two human leukocyte antigen gene variants — one of which makes people more likely to develop MS and the other reduces the risk .
They were also asked whether they had been exposed to organic solvents , painting products or varnish and whether they had ever been a smoker .
The analysis showed that , MS genes and exposure to solvents combined were responsible for an estimated 60 per cent of the risk of developing MS .
The researchers determined that the MS genes and exposure to solvents combined were responsible for an estimated 60 percent of the risk of developing MS .
( Reuters Health ) - Health clinics where low-income people in the U.S. obtain medical care do n't always offer help with quitting smoking - and availability of that assistance may vary by patients ' ethnicity and insurance , a recent study suggests .
So-called safety net clinics exist to reduce barriers to healthcare . Patients at these clinics have higher-than-average rates of smoking , so it 's particularly important to address these disparities , said Dr. Steffani Bailey , a family medicine researcher at Oregon Health & Science University School of Medicine in Portland .
Advertisement
`` We need to ensure that all patients , particularly in these settings , are getting access to the assistance that they need to help them to quit smoking , '' they said in an email .
Bailey and their team examined electronic health record data from 136,314 smokers at 143 clinics in 12 states between 2014 and 2016 . The researchers analyzed the type of smoking cessation assistance these patients received - whether it was no assistance , counseling only , medication only or counseling and medication together .
They also looked at whether age , gender , race , income level , insurance status and the presence of medical and psychiatric conditions influenced who received cessation help .
The odds of getting both counseling and medication - which is considered best practice - were lower among patients of all ethnicities combined than they were among non-Hispanic whites , the researchers found .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Patients with Medicaid , the government insurance for low-income recipients , had 17 percent higher odds of receiving counseling and medication compared with commercially-insured patients , but uninsured people had the lowest odds , the study team reports in the American Journal of Public Health .
With few exceptions , the study found , women , older people and those with co-existing medical conditions were the most likely to receive assistance with quitting smoking .
While other studies have used electronic health record data , Bailey said , theirs is the first to examine predictors of smoking cessation assistance from such a large sample . The study was limited by the fact that researchers do not know the reasons for some patients not receiving smoking cessation medication . They also did n't have data on patients who purchased nicotine replacement therapy over the counter .
Bailey said their team plans to interview patients and providers and observe clinic visits to better understand why smoking is , or is not , being addressed in these visits .
Dr. Andy Tan , an assistant professor at the Harvard University T.H . Chan School of Public Health in Boston who was n't involved in the study , said researchers ' access to electronic health records provides previously unavailable data on service delivery for a large number of patients .
`` This is important because this will accelerate the identification of gaps in delivery of smoking cessation among subgroups of patients who smoke , to target training , patient education , and system change that ultimately eliminates disparities in providing this service , '' they said in an email .
The U.S. Public Health Service Clinical Practice Guideline recommends that clinicians offer brief smoking cessation interventions at nearly all encounters , Bailey said .
They recommend the `` 5 A 's model '' ( Ask about smoking , Advise to quit smoking , Assess willingness/readiness to quit smoking , Assist patient in quitting smoking , and Arrange follow-up ) . The clinician should discuss medication with the patient and should offer it unless there is a reason , such as pregnancy , that it should not be prescribed , Bailey said .
Offering medication and behavioral counseling together is considered the most effective way to help people quit smoking , said Dr. Kristine Browning of The Ohio State University College of Nursing and The Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center-James Cancer Hospital in Columbus , who was n't involved in the study .
`` To continue to close the disparity gaps that exist in healthcare , it is essential that behavioral researchers and healthcare providers continue to illuminate healthcare disparities where they exist , and work toward multifactorial solutions to eliminate disparity and improve patient outcomes . '' they said in an email . `` All patients deserve that highest evidenced-based treatment . ''
SOURCE : https : //bit.ly/2u0nry7 American Journal of Public Health , online June 21 , 2018 .
Magicland rises in the South
2 SHARES Share Tweet
ALL-FILIPINO – Yes , a theme park called Magicland will rise in the South , hopefully before the year is over . And what is wonderful about Magicland is it 's an all-Filipino endeavor headed by Negros Occidental Congressman Alfredo B. Benitez , simply Albee to friends .
Upon the invitation of colleague Lolit Solis , some members of the entertainment media had a sumptuous lunch at Pio 's in QC for an informal tete-a-tete with Albee , who said that construction of Magicland has started last year in Silay , a few minutes away from Bacolod . Albee said the Bacolod airport is actually in Silay , noted for its heritage homes .
Director Peque Gallaga , distinguished son of Bacolod , and their staff are behind the creation of Filipino mythical and folk creatures to be used in the theme park .
•
RIDES , RIDES , RIDES – Magicland features at least 15 rides , expected to arrive by March this year , coming from all over the world .
One ride costs at least $ 3million , more or less R150 million . Multiply the amount by 15 . Total budget of Magicland is over one billion pesos .
But surely kids ( and even adults ) will enjoy Magicland . Those from the Visayas and Mindanao do n't have to fly to Manila to enjoy a day or two in amusement centers .
Albee said in time Magicland will branch out to movies , just like Disneyland .
•
ALL-STAR CAST – Speaking of movies , Albee 's financing a project submitted by their friend from way back Albert Martinez . Something like Hollywood 's “ Ocean 's 11 , ” bunch of old friends who quit their bad ways to be of help to the less fortunate .
Like “ Ocean 's 11 , ” the Filipino version ( if it could be called that ) is star-studded , mostly stars of the ‘ 80s .
Albert themselves and brother William Martinez , Sharon Cuneta , Richard Gomez , Gabby Concepcion . Plus Piolo Pascual and Arjo Atayde , and a few others . Richard and Gabby are also Albee 's old buddies .
Albee 's confident the stars of the yet untitled movie will thresh out whatever kinks ( like schedule , billing , fee ) there are .
Dondon Santos is being tapped as director .
Albee 's not really new in showbiz . Years back they produced a movie or two with Viva . They also hosted TV shows not too long ago .
Related
comments
The World Bank , through the FADAMA III Additional Financing ( AFII ) programme , will soon disburse N8.6 billion to 5,916 youth across the country in the graduate unemployment youths support scheme ( FADAMA GUYS ) .
Chairman of FADAMA GUYS implementation committee , Kwaji Daguru , who disclosed this said the programme targets 5,916 youth in 23 states to improve the country 's agricultural production .
The states are Abia , Adamawa , Akwa Ibom , Anambra , Bauchi , Bayelsa , Benue , Ebonyi , Ekiti , Jigawa , Katsina , Kebbi , Kogi , Niger , Ogun and Ondo States , Osun , Oyo , Plateau , Sokoto , Taraba and Zamfara , as well as the Federal Capital Territory ( FCT ) .
Daguru , who is also Procurement Specialist for FADAMA III ( AFII ) Programme , noted that the involvement of youth in the agricultural programme would contribute significantly to the country 's efforts to achieve food security and boost capacity building as well as employment opportunities .
Daguru said that the funds disbursement was yet to start , assuring however that the money earmarked for the project is intact .
They explained that the disbursement would be made through the Grant and Funds category of the project .
They stated : “ We have applied to the federal government , through Federal Ministry of Finance for permission to reallocate funds from other categories like Consultancy , Training , Civil Work into the Grant and Funds category .
“ Any moment from now , disbursement will take place , especially to those who would engage in rainy season agricultural activities because they have completed the grant agreement and submitted their land documents .
“ The Phase One is expected to gulp about N8 , 675 , 013 , 679.12 to fund the business plans of the 5,916 candidates in 23 states .
“ If the resources permit in the last segment of the project , we will be able to upscale to other states in the second phase . The objective of the programme is to work with government in three areas of job creation , while building capacity of our youths and aiding efforts to keep the foreign exchange rates low .
We are making sure we import low quantities of rice and tomatoes , while putting less pressure on our Naira ( currency ) so as to make our economy strong . ''
Daguru further said that the target beneficiaries were those within ages between 18 and 35 as well as graduates and undergraduates of higher institutions .
They continued : “ The programme would support all aspects of agricultural production in a business or commercial manner ; right from crop and livestock production , inputs support supply and advisory services .
“ It would also assist extension services and post-harvest production services like storage , warehousing , marketing and products distribution . ''
Daguru hinted that after the screening of the candidates , they would be exposed to a two-week intensive training in business and technical fields in the states .
They continued : “ During the application process , candidates would be allowed to choose specific enterprises of their choice in the agricultural value chain and they would be trained in the ventures accordingly .
“ At the end of the training , they would be asked to submit business plans on their chosen enterprises ; we will then invite professionals to review the business plans and come up with standard modules .
“ We have 5,916 trainees and they have opened bank accounts with two selected commercial banks that are used by the FADAMA Coordinating Offices in the states . ''
They stated further that the rationale behind the opening of the accounts was to have dedicated accounts for the project so as to facilitate proper project monitoring .
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland 's capital
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland 's capital
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create , with `` Black Panther , '' and `` Avengers : Infinity War '' bringing in more than $ 3 billion combined and `` Ant-Man and the Wasp '' opening next week
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create , with `` Black Panther , '' and `` Avengers : Infinity War '' bringing in more than $ 3 billion combined and `` Ant-Man and the Wasp '' opening next week
It 's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen their 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from their family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S .
It 's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen their 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from their family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S .
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns , jeopardize national security
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns , jeopardize national security
I never said that ! High-tech deception of 'deepfake ' videos
I never said that ! High-tech deception of 'deepfake ' videos
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization , warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO does n't treat the U.S. `` properly , we will be doing something . ''
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization , warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO does n't treat the U.S. `` properly , we will be doing something . ''
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland 's capital
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland 's capital
On July 4 , Americans celebrate their union , rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades , fireworks and , for some , a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation .
On July 4 , Americans celebrate their union , rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades , fireworks and , for some , a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation .
( AP Photo/Michael Dwyer ) . Maddie Scaletta , center , waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 .
( AP Photo/Michael Dwyer ) . Maddie Scaletta , center , waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston , Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 .
Attorneys say parents separated from children are in fragile state for high-stakes asylum interviews .
Attorneys say parents separated from children are in fragile state for high-stakes asylum interviews .
( AP Photo/David J. Phillip , File ) . FILE - In this June 26 , 2018 , file photo , a U.S. Border Patrol truck enters the Port Isabel Detention Center , which holds detainees of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement , in Los Fresnos , Texas . Parents who h ...
( AP Photo/David J. Phillip , File ) . FILE - In this June 26 , 2018 , file photo , a U.S. Border Patrol truck enters the Port Isabel Detention Center , which holds detainees of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement , in Los Fresnos , Texas . Parents who h ...
New Jersey towns along a busy highway leading to the Lincoln Tunnel into New York City could see traffic jams when a bridge repair project closes a lane in each direction _ it 's just not clear when .
New Jersey towns along a busy highway leading to the Lincoln Tunnel into New York City could see traffic jams when a bridge repair project closes a lane in each direction _ it 's just not clear when .
( AP Photo/Mark Lennihan , File ) . FILE - In this Thursday , June 21 , 2018 , file photo , traffic spirals up-and-down a section of Route 495 to the Lincoln Tunnel , in Weehauken , N.J. , with the New York City skyline in the background . New Jersey towns along ...
( AP Photo/Mark Lennihan , File ) . FILE - In this Thursday , June 21 , 2018 , file photo , traffic spirals up-and-down a section of Route 495 to the Lincoln Tunnel , in Weehauken , N.J. , with the New York City skyline in the background . New Jersey towns along ...
Traffic 'nightmare ' for New York-bound motorists , but when ?
Traffic 'nightmare ' for New York-bound motorists , but when ?
Large wildfires are growing across the American West , keeping thousands of people out of their homes for the July 4 holiday and forcing some strict bans on fireworks to prevent new fires .
Large wildfires are growing across the American West , keeping thousands of people out of their homes for the July 4 holiday and forcing some strict bans on fireworks to prevent new fires .
( Helen H. Richardson/The Denver Post via AP ) . The Spring Creek Fire continues to burn in Costilla County on Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 in La Veta , Colo. More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire , while hundreds of ot ...
( Helen H. Richardson/The Denver Post via AP ) . The Spring Creek Fire continues to burn in Costilla County on Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 in La Veta , Colo. More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire , while hundreds of ot ...
A lot of red on July 4 as wildfires keep growing in US West
A lot of red on July 4 as wildfires keep growing in US West
Get ready to gobble ! Eating titans take on July Fourth hot dog chowing contest .
Get ready to gobble ! Eating titans take on July Fourth hot dog chowing contest .
( Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP ) . Ten-time and defending Nathan 's Famous Men 's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan 's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday ...
( Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP ) . Ten-time and defending Nathan 's Famous Men 's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan 's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday ...
Chestnut gobbles record 74 franks and buns to win their 11th title at Nathan 's hot dog eating contest .
Chestnut gobbles record 74 franks and buns to win their 11th title at Nathan 's hot dog eating contest .
( Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP ) . Ten-time and defending Nathan 's Famous Men 's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan 's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday ...
( Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP ) . Ten-time and defending Nathan 's Famous Men 's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan 's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday ...
Authorities say two people have died after a tree branch fell on a crowd of spectators during a fireworks show in western Illinois .
Authorities say two people have died after a tree branch fell on a crowd of spectators during a fireworks show in western Illinois .
A push to mandate increased use of renewable energy in sun-drenched Arizona has been met with fierce opposition from the state 's largest utility .
A push to mandate increased use of renewable energy in sun-drenched Arizona has been met with fierce opposition from the state 's largest utility .
( AP Photo/Eric Risberg ) . In this photo taken Wednesday , June 27 , 2018 , environmental activist & billionaire Tom Steyer poses at their offices in San Francisco . Arizona 's largest utility is fiercely opposing a push to mandate increased use of renewabl ...
( AP Photo/Eric Risberg ) . In this photo taken Wednesday , June 27 , 2018 , environmental activist & billionaire Tom Steyer poses at their offices in San Francisco . Arizona 's largest utility is fiercely opposing a push to mandate increased use of renewabl ...
The mother of a girl at the center of a medical and religious debate over brain death says they do n't regret moving from California to New Jersey so their daughter could receive care after being declared dead .
The mother of a girl at the center of a medical and religious debate over brain death says they do n't regret moving from California to New Jersey so their daughter could receive care after being declared dead .
( AP Photo/Eric Risberg , File ) . FILE - In this Oct. 3 , 2014 , file photo , Nailah Winkfield , left , and Omari Sealey , right , the mother and uncle of Jahi McMath , listen to doctors speak during a news conference in San Francisco . The mother of a girl at the ...
( AP Photo/Eric Risberg , File ) . FILE - In this Oct. 3 , 2014 , file photo , Nailah Winkfield , left , and Omari Sealey , right , the mother and uncle of Jahi McMath , listen to doctors speak during a news conference in San Francisco . The mother of a girl at the ...
Several people have hung a banner emblazoned with a message about abolishing Immigration and Customs Enforcement from the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty and have been arrested .
Several people have hung a banner emblazoned with a message about abolishing Immigration and Customs Enforcement from the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty and have been arrested .
( Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP ) . Max Suzuki participates in Nathan 's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , in New York .
( Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP ) . Competitive eating producer and master of ceremonies George Shea participates in Nathan 's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday , July 3 , 2018 , i ...
( Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP ) . Carmen Cincotti , left , poses in a stare-down with defending champion Joey Chestnut during Nathan 's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday , July 3 ...
( Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP ) . Ten-time and defending Nathan 's Famous Men 's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan 's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday ...
( Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP ) . Ten-time and defending Nathan 's Famous Men 's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan 's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday ...
By REBECCA GIBIAN
Associated Press
NEW YORK ( AP ) - Joey `` Jaws '' Chestnut extended their reign as champion eater at the Nathan 's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest Wednesday , downing a record 74 wieners and buns in 10 minutes to take home the coveted Mustard Belt for the 11th time .
Miki Sudo held on to their title as the top women 's competitor at the annual Brooklyn eat-off , chomping 37 franks and buns to take home the top prize for an unprecedented fifth consecutive year .
Chestnut said they were `` feeling good . ''
`` I found a vicious rhythm , '' the 34-year-old Chestnut said after the stuffing session .
But while Chestnut ate 10 more dogs and buns than second-place finisher Carmen Cincotti , a judging error cast initial doubt over their totals after jurists did n't see the eaters were taking the dogs and buns from two plates .
`` Frankly , the judging was just off , '' said George Shea , the longtime Coney Island announcer . `` Joey said , 'Look at my plates , ' and Carmen said , 'Look at my plates . ' We counted the plates that they had eaten and it was 64 and 74 . ''
Eric Gonzalez , the Brooklyn district attorney , certified the final tally and Chestnut 's record of 74 , two more than they consumed last year .
`` At the end of the day , Joey Chestnut came in here and ate 74 hot dogs , broke a world record , '' said Cincotti , who celebrated their 26th birthday on Wednesday . `` Apparently they were good dogs . ''
A total of $ 40,000 in prize money was up for grabs , with the first-place winners taking home $ 10,000 each .
Sudo fell short of the 41 hot dogs they consumed last year but easily beat out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco , of Tucson , Arizona , who chowed down 28 wieners and buns .
Thousands of attendees , many donning mustard-colored hot dog caps , braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk . The outlandish tradition dates to 1972 , though the company has long promoted what a former president acknowledged was a legendary start date of 1916 .
Fan Martha Pleasant , of Franklin , New Jersey , said they were attending the competitive eating competition to support their husband , Dwight Pleasant , who `` loves wieners . ''
`` We are trying to knock something off my hubby 's bucket list , '' they said .
___
This story has been corrected to show the hometown is spelled Tucson , not Tuscon .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
HOUSTON ( AP ) — Texans coach Bill O'Brien says they would n't have let Tom Savage re-enter Sunday 's game after an alarming hit that gave them a concussion and left the quarterback 's hands shaking if they had seen the video of the hit .
Savage was injured with about nine minutes remaining in the second quarter of Houston 's 26-16 loss to San Francisco when they were driven to the ground on a hit by Elvis Dumervil .
Replays showed Savage looking dazed after their head hit the ground with both of their arms shaking and lifted upward .
They were taken to the medical tent where they stayed for less than three minutes before returning to the bench and going back in for the next series .
Savage threw two incompletions on that drive , and Houston 's team doctor approached them after they returned to the sideline at the end of that possession .
They were then evaluated again and taken to the locker room after it was determined that they did have a concussion .
On Monday O'Brien said : “ There 's no video on the sideline . All there are are tablets . There 's no video , there 's nothing like that . With benefit of seeing the video … ( and ) the care for the player , I would 've never let that player back in the game , and I do n't believe that ( trainer ) Geoff Kaplan would 've allowed that player back in the game . I do n't have benefit of the video . I did not see anything . ”
Also on Monday an NFL spokesperson said the league is looking into whether concussion protocol was properly followed after Savage was injured .
League spokesperson Joe Lockhart said the NFL and the players ' association “ together will conduct a thorough review of the incident focused on whether the protocol was properly followed , but we 're also continuing looking at the protocol to look for ways to improve and strengthen it . ”
___
AP Pro Football Writer Barry Wilner contributed to this report .
___
For more NFL coverage : http : //www.pro32.ap.org and http : //www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Two people have been charged in a shooting on the set of a Denzel Washington movie in Boston that injured two security guards .
The shooting happened early Saturday in the city 's Roxbury section , on the set of a sequel to the `` The Equalizer . ''
Police say nothing was being filmed at the time , and it does not appear the guards were targeted .
The guards , a 40-year-old woman and 33-year-old man , suffered non-life-threatening injuries and were released from the hospital .
Police say they arrested two 18-year-olds , Dionte Martinez and Thomas Perkins . They are charged with assault with intent to murder and gun offenses .
The Suffolk County district attorney 's office says they were due to be arraigned Friday in Roxbury Municipal Court .
It was not immediately clear whether either man has an attorney .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Brenna Rose
The complainant in a sexual assault case involving an award-winning Calgary chef says consent was not given .
“ I 'm 21 years old . Why would I ever consent to any relation to a 60 year old man ? I would never do that ' , ” said the woman , whose identity can not be released , in an interview with CTV News . “ I think people have a lot of questions and are wondering what the motivation behind all this was . My main worry has been about the fact it 's so public . ”
Earlier this month , Michael Noble , 56 , was charged after allegedly assaulting a female employee of theirs at a gathering in January of this year . Police allege the chef followed the woman into the bathroom of a downtown restaurant and sexually assaulted them Officers say the complainant came forward shortly after .
“ I told my close friends , my boyfriend . I needed people to be aware I was n't okay , ” the complaint told CTV , fighting back tears .
On Wednesday , Noble 's lawyer , Jennifer Ruttan , entereda not guilty plea on their behalf . The allegations against Noble have not been proven in court .
The victim of the alleged assault says they worked at Noble 's Inglewood eatery , The Nash , for two years . As one of the youngest employees of the establishment , they say staff watched out for them and treated them like ‘ a baby sister ' .
They were with their co-workers that night in January . They do n't want to say exactly what happened that night , but they claim to not have any prior sexual interactions with him .
“ You never ever think someone like that would ever say those words to you . Our interactions were , ‘ Hi . Bye . ' You 're my boss I respect you and that 's it . I do n't have that relationship with you , ” they said .
They say they received a text from Noble the day after the party that stated they were ‘ deeply embarrassed and saddened by their actions ' and they asked for ‘ forgiveness ' .
The woman no longer works at the restaurant and dropped a restraining order against Noble , since their bail condition prohibit contact .
A trial in front of a judge alone has been set for March 11 , 2019 .
The once self-described happy , positive , confident person , says they are undergoing counselling as they are stressed and prone to “ mini panic attacks . ”
Noble has turned down requests for interviews through their public relations firm and lawyer , which have denied the allegations .
‘ Mr . Noble is confident that the court process will properly dispose of the accusation against him , ' said Ruttan .
The complainant says they have found some comfort in the support they have received both from their former co-workers at The Nash and from people reaching out to them
“ I 'm probably going to have the worst year of my life but I 'm doing this because it matters ' .
Doklam may well turn out to be the bellwether about the texture of the Asian century
By Chandan Kumar
The Sino-Indian military standoff in the Doklam plateau area of Bhutan , near the tri-junction between the three countries , will enter its third month by mid-August . A modus Vivendi appears elusive as of now because the much hoped for breakthrough in the just concluded visit of national security adviser Ajit Doval to Beijing for a Brics-related meeting , did not materialize . But the silver lining to a dark bilateral cloud is that there has been no breakdown between Delhi and Beijing over Doklam . The standoff over Doklam has a complex genealogy and involves a large chunk of colonial history that includes the 1890 Anglo-Chinese convention and a subsequent iteration of 1906 . However , Bhutan was not party to this convention at the time . After both India and China became independent in the late 1940s , they engaged in the 1962 border war over an opaque territorial dispute that is still unresolved . A status quo was arrived at over a 4,000 km Line of Actual Control that also acknowledged Bhutan 's claim over the disputed areas in the tri-junction near the Chumbi Valley . Over various meetings , the special representatives of India and China came to an agreement in 2012 , that the status quo at the tri-junction would not be disturbed pending final settlement in consultation with the “ third country ” — in this case , Bhutan .
The Indian narrative on the sequence of events notes that China was engaged in road-building activity in the disputed Doklam plateau — which , if completed , would have altered the tactical military situation in China 's favour . Delhi deemed this to be a serious security concern that would render vulnerable the critical Siliguri Corridor that connects the Indian mainland to the Northeast . India has a special relationship with Bhutan that is detailed in the Friendship Treaty of 2007 . As per this , both nations are mandated to “ cooperate closely with each other on issues relating to their national interests ” and , furthermore , “ neither government shall allow the use of its territory for activities harmful to the national security and interest of the other. ” When Thimphu registered its protest at this Chinese incursion into Bhutanese territory — albeit disputed — and urged Beijing to restore the status quo , India stepped in to prevent the People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) troops from continuing their construction activity . Since then the issue has festered , with Beijing claiming that the Doklam area , where they were constructing the road , was indeed Chinese territory ; and that , in the event that there was a dispute , it was between China and Bhutan where India had no locus .
The legal claims by all three parties — Bhutan , China and India — lend themselves to detailed interpretation . Depending on where one 's empathy lies on this issue , persuasive arguments have been advanced on both sides to buttress the Chinese claim or , well , that of India . Beijing has often invoked history in a selective manner to strengthen its position ( three warfare tenets ? ) and disparaged other historical claims and international jurisprudence , as was seen in the South China Sea case and the tribunal award that did not go in its favour . However , Doklam can not be viewed in isolation and it is instructive to review Beijing 's response since mid-June and seek to illuminate what may have fuelled China 's current anxiety and deep insecurity over contested territoriality in relation to India and , by extension , Bhutan . The Doklam incident is distinctive , for it involves a third country and is hence not quite comparable to more recent bilateral events such as Depsang ( 2013 ) and Chumar ( 2014 ) . The other strand about Doklam that goes beyond past precedent is the very angry and disparaging/offensive anti-India turn of phrase used by some media outlets in China . The flip side is that part of the Indian television spectrum which is equally shrill in denouncing China for its muscular assertiveness — and exhorts the Narendra Modi government to stay firm and give the PLA a “ bloody nose ” — if push comes to shove over Doklam .
Both China and India have been differently convulsed by the vicissitudes of history — both colonial and Cold War — and in the last 25 years they have acquired a self-image about their locus in Asia and , by extension , the world stage . Ironically , this self-image is not shared outside of their own constituencies , much less by each other . China under President Xi Jinping seeks to return to the imagined grandeur of the Middle Kingdom and an equally confident Prime Minister Narendra Modi is determined to steer India towards its destiny as a “ leading power ” . Mutual and empathetic accommodation of each other 's aspirations and anxieties has remained elusive since the early 1990s . Beijing 's decision to enter into a strategic relationship that included transfer of nuclear weapons and missile technology to Pakistan 's military to assuage its own deeply embedded post-Tiananmen insecurities lies at the core of the current Doklam tension in a non-linear manner . My assessment is that when India was accorded an exceptional nuclear status in the fall of 2008 by a US-led initiative , the seeds of Doklam were sown . Beijing 's Asia policy , it appears , is to constrain both India and Japan till they accept Chinese primacy . A former PM of India had once wryly observed that after the end of this nuclear ostracism , Beijing 's unstated objective has been to “ keep India in a state of extended disequilibrium ” .
In the last three years since Mr Modi assumed office , both nations have had a contradictory relationship , wherein cooperation in certain issues and fora — for instance climate change , Brics and Shanghai Cooperation Organisation — has been leavened with discord over the Nuclear Suppliers Group membership , support to certain terror leaders at the United Nations Security Council and , most recently , the One Belt , One Road summit in Beijing . The resolve that Delhi now exudes is new , and Doklam is a case in point . How prudent will it be in the long run to advance India 's comprehensive national interests remains moot . A.G. Noorani , one of India 's most rigorous China-watcher , has cautioned : “ At stake is something far more than the immediate crisis over the land in Doklam . What is at stake is the future of India 's relations with China. ” Doklam may well turn out to be the bellwether about the texture of the Asian century .
They rose to fame after wowing fans with their ample curves in last year 's Love Island . And bootylicious babe Montana reminded fans of just how and why they caught their attention again this Thursday . Taking to their official Instagram account , the 22-year-old beauty sent temperatures soaring in a scantily-clad snap which left little the imagination . Dressed in a matching white and red crop top and thong two-piece which further emphasised their rich mahogany tan , the TV personality flaunted their ample booty to the camera . Adding a touch of glamour to the sizzling ensemble , the leggy babe donned a pair of silver wedge heels and hooped earrings as well as a full-face of makeup which included lashings of mascara and bronzer .
INSTAGRAM / MONTANA BROWN JUST PEACHY : Montanna flaunted their pert behind in their latest Instagram snap
Love Island 's Montana Brown hottest pictures Love Island 's Montana Brown hottest pictures . 1 / 26 ITV Montana Brown a new contestant on Love Island 2017
The TV babe – who is currently dating model Elliott Reeder – captioned the sensational snap : `` Hoops and Heels . '' And the brunette beauty was quickly inundates with lavish compliments from their 1.2 million followers . One user declared : `` Woman crush everyday ! '' A second added : `` Montana ! Looking unreal at the moment . '' Whilst a third wrote : `` You 're ridiculous . Definitely the fittest from last year ! ''
INSTAGRAM / MONTANA BROWN BOOTYLICIOUS BABE : The reality TV star regularly flashes the flesh
INSTAGRAM / MONTANA BROWN BIKINI BABE : Montana seems to be enjoying numerous holidays in a number of tiny bikini 's
A final joked : `` No one is looking at the hoops or the heels . '' However not everyone was quite so impressed with the star 's latest snap . One follower commented : `` Did n't even recognise her . '' Whilst a second said : `` Cover up a bit . '' A final simple wrote : `` FAKE . ''
INSTAGRAM / MONTANA BROWN YOUNG LOVE : Montannais currently dating model boyfriend Elliot Reeder
By Tom O
In the course of history when the society falls under the rule of tyranny and the police become the arm of that tyranny forgetting their role as a beacon of hope and security then those that are facing that tyranny should rise up and reject that system because the will and the sovereignty of the people is supreme !
On 16th June 1976 the Soweto students had reached an exploding state because of the tyranny of the apartheid system ! During that fate full day the police opened fire on un armed students who were demonstrating against tyranny !
On that day the first student to fall was called Hector Petersen ! The picture of Petersen being carried by mbuyisa makhubo while their crying sister is running alongside them became a symbol of the resistance worldwide ! By the time the resistance came to an end more than 700 students were dead and thousands wounded because of police brutality ! ! That was the start of the end of apartheid for its social and moral fabrics were shaken to the core and the invincibility of the apartheid state was destroyed !
This week the jubliots were everywhere excitedly yapping about how the police had got the right weapons that can crush demonstrators in the guise of fighting the all shabbab ! But behind that excitement was the glee that these time round kibera and other opposition zones will be crushed once and forever ! This excitement was so deep that most of the mountain bloggers were over the moon in glee and expected annihilation of those who dared oppose the uthamaki !
Sometimes ago when itchy fingers got too itchy and grabbed some school land , another look alike of makhubo mbuyisa and a Kenyan version of Hector piertersen was relayed on social media ! Thus looking at the glee from the mountain one would be mistaken into thinking that the opposition is finished !
But looking at the belligerence from the opposition , one keenly senses that Kenya is actually heading to a moment where history and fate will converge and another June 16th might explode ! As the jubilee government continues in its corruption spree and the blatant theft of public resources in the belief that their government is impregnable and invincible , the rest of the Kenyans are getting angrier and angrier and it will reach a point where even the threat of police brutality wo n't be a detergent to the explosion of public anger !
Thus my plea as a philosopher to both sides hurtling towards that moment of fate ! No powers are more powerful than the will of the people ! The will of the people succeeded in France , America , Russia , China , Philippines and recently Burkina fasso and Tunisia ! We can see what happened in Egypt and Libya ! Must those whose stomachs are distended from the gluttony of eating public resources be mad enough to take us to the brink ? !
The philosopher has spoken ! Cc Weldon Oriöp Kirui Kip Choge Jackson Omondi nguyo Dan mule martin
Newcastle United have completed the permanent signing of Slovakian goalkeeper Martin Dubravka from Sparta Prague after a successful loan spell last season , the Premier League club said on Wednesday .
REUTERS : Newcastle United have completed the permanent signing of Slovakian goalkeeper Martin Dubravka from Sparta Prague after a successful loan spell last season , the Premier League club said on Wednesday .
The 29-year-old arrived at St James ' Park in January and made 12 league appearances as Rafa Benitez 's side finished 10th in the top flight .
Advertisement
Dubravka becomes Newcastle 's first signing in the close season , on a contract until June 2022 , after the club activated the option to sign him .
`` Ever since they arrived with us on loan they have shown a fantastic attitude and great work ethic , and of course we have been very impressed with their performances for us on the pitch last season , '' Benitez said in a statement .
`` This was one of the key positions we had identified we needed to strengthen and had been concerned about , so it is excellent news that we are able now to sign them on a permanent basis . ''
( Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru , editing by Ed Osmond )
Advertisement
True sadness is the moment you not only realize , but accept , that there is actually no way that humankind can “ just get along. ” I 've seen how society changes year after year , as did my parents . I witnessed their sadness . And now my own . Things like drive-by shootings , school massacres , and drugs like fentanyl and meth . I cry . Cyberbullying , children coming to school with weapons . I cry . What I see now , is that day by day , the world becomes more horrible . More evil . I 've no way of stopping the evil . It pains me and drains me . All I see ahead is ugliness and hopelessness . Good people are losing to evil ones . Please , good people , rise up together . If we are going to lose this war , let 's at least go out fighting .
Ramona Hutchinson
Snooker star Jimmy Robertson produced a very creditable display in a narrow first round defeat at the Betfred World Championship .
The Bexhill cueman pushed world number 11 Mark Allen virtually all the way before being edged out 10-8 at The Crucible Theatre in Sheffield tonight ( Monday ) .
Robertson , ranked 39 , compiled nine fifty-plus breaks to their opponent 's five , although Allen fashioned the only two centuries of a fascinating tussle .
The 30-year-old Robertson trailed 5-4 after a very good first session on Sunday night , despite leading 3-1 and 4-2 , and compiling five half-century breaks .
Robertson took the first two frames with runs of 60 and 86 , and a 55 seemingly put them in charge of the third before Allen hit back with a 63 to open their account .
A 61 in the fourth restored Robertson 's two-frame cushion heading into the mid-session interval , although Allen clinched the first frame after the resumption in one visit with a 105 to make it 3-2 .
Robertson continued to impress , though , and another fine break of 78 put them 4-2 up and on course to lead overnight .
Allen dug deep to claim the final three frames of the session , although the first two of them could have gone either way .
Robertson missed a tricky red with the score 39-39 in frame seven and Allen cleared to make it 4-3 . The eighth was also in the balance until Robertson went in-off while playing a safety on the yellow . Allen then rattled through frame nine in one visit with a break of 100 .
Robertson won the opening two frames of the second session this evening , the second of them aided by a 62 , to lead 6-5 . Allen edged the 12th only for Robertson to take the 13th with runs of 66 and 54 to go 7-6 up at the interval .
A break of 60 in frame 14 got Allen back on terms and they edged the next on the colours to lead 8-7 . Robertson made a 66 to level at 8-8 and took an early lead in frame 17 , but Allen clinched it 63-18 and rattled through the next in one visit with a 97 to seal a hard-fought victory .
Robertson , who runs O'Sullivan 's Snooker & Pool Club in Wickham Avenue with their family , was making their third appearance at The Crucible after booking their place with a hat-trick of victories at the qualifiers last week .
See our comprehensive sports coverage in the Observer every Friday .
Do n't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live .
Here are four ways you can be sure you 'll be amongst the first to know what 's going on .
1 Make this website your homepage
2 Like our Facebook page at facebook.com/pages/Sport-Sussex
3 Follows us on Twitter @ SportSussex
4 Register with us by clicking on ‘ sign in ' ( top right corner ) . You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here .
And do share with your family and friends - so they do n't miss out !
- Advertisement -
The Rector of Yaba College of Technology ( YABATECH ) , Dr. Margaret Ladipo , at the weekend , bowed out of office , having completed two terms of four years each .
There is , however , perceived tension over the appointment of a replacement of the former Rector .
Mrs. Ladipo tenure ended on Sunday , December 10 after serving two terms of four years each as stipulated in the Polytechnic Act .
They assumed duty for their first tenure , on Thursday , December 10 , 2009 and secured second tenure on December 2013 . They took over from Dr. Olubunmi Owoso .
They were until their appointment as Rector , the Director of YABATECH Consult , a consultancy service unit of the College .
The out-gone rector did not hand over to anybody because President Muhammedu Buhari has not approved the appointment of a new Rector two months after the selection exercise was concluded by the Lateef Fagbemi-led Governing Council .
At the end of the two-day selection exercise , Mr. Obafemi Owoseni Omokungbe , came first with 89.7 per cent , Mr. Aledare Kayode , placed second with 76.5 per cent and Mr. Omobayo Raheem , came third with 59.7 per cent .
Some college management are rooting for the third placed applicant and also the current deputy rector ( administration ) , Mr. Raheem , an action that did not go down well with staff .
- Advertisement -
It was gathered that the same management group wrote petitions on the selection exercise to the Minister of Education , Malam Adamu Adamu , who invited the Governing Council chairperson to defend the issues raised .
Satisfied with the explanation of the YABATECH governing council chairperson , the education minister forwarded a memo to President Buhari to approve the applicant that came first .
National President , Academic Staff Union of Polytechnics ( ASUP ) , Mr. Usman Dutse , has since urged President Buhari to appoint the new Rector for the institution based on merit .
The College has been rocked by financial misappropriation , maladministration , insider dealings in contract awards , contract splitting and kickbacks , among others under the tenure of Dr. Ladipo .
In December 2015 , based on several petitions and complaints against the management of the YABATECH , the Minister of Education , Malam Adamu , instructed the then Director , Tertiary Education Department , Mrs. Hindatu Umar Abdullahi , to set up an Ad-Hoc Committee to investigate the allegations contained in the petitions .
The six-man committee had Prof. Idowu Awopetu as chairperson , and O.P . Oshiba served as the secretary . Other members were Prof. Ngozi Nnamani , Dr. Sikiru Eniola , Ngubane Gladys P. and Lawal Hafiz .
Investigations revealed that the governing council has appointed the deputy rector ( academics ) , Dr. O.T . Oyelola as acting rector until the Federal Government announce the substantive rector .
A small aircraft crashed into a radio tower north of El Reno in Canadian County .
Oklahoma Highway Patrol and Canadian County officials crash and subsequent fire Wednesday evening .
The Piedmont Fire Department is also assisting the Okarche Fire Department at the scene in the area of Memorial and Manning roads .
Officials have confirmed at least one fatality .
Bob Mills SkyNews 9 was flying over the scene and saw a radio tower had collapsed with smoke coming from where the plane had landed .
The tower reportedly stood at about 1,200 feet .
Stay with News 9 and News9.com for more information .
ZANESVILLE , Ohio — The Ohio State University Alumni Club of Muskingum County is holding their 18th Annual Scholarship Auction on Wednesday evening .
The event features live and silent auctions , food and drink , the presentation of the club 's annual service awards , as well as a former buckeye football player as the featured speaker .
“ We 've got a lot of things planned . We open the doors at 5:30 , we 'll have silent auction items up for bid right away . We also have what we call a ‘ Tailgate Buffet ' this year , so there will be some of your favorite tailgate foods available . And we have a great guest speaker coming , Jeff Logan , who 's a former Ohio State tailback . He 's probably best known as the tailback that replaced Archie Griffin , ” said Terry Kopchak , the President of The OSU Alumni Club of Muskingum County .
All proceeds from the event go to scholarships for Muskingum County students . The students can attend either Ohio State 's main campus or one of their satellite branches .
“ This year we 're very fortunate that we 're going to be awarding 10 scholarships to graduating from high school seniors , and five scholarships to current Ohio State juniors and seniors . Probably around a little over $ 9,000 in scholarships this year from our club , ” added Kopchak .
The event will be held at VFW Post 1058 at 1318 Putnam Avenue , The cost is $ 20.00 per person , or $ 175.00 for a corporate table . Tickets can be purchased at Tom 's Print Shop , located at 710 Main St. , through OSUACMC Board Members , or at the door .
The event is open to public . For more information contact President Terry Kopchak by phone at ( 740 ) 454-3344 or via email at tkopchak @ hotmail.com . You can also visit OSUACMC online at osuacmc.org or facebook.com/osuacmc .
Sheree Whitfield revealed the shocking news that they were in love with a man in prison last week , and RadarOnline.com exclusively obtained the court documents that expose the reason they were thrown behind bars for a shocking10 years !
The Real Housewives of Atlanta star and Tyrone Gilliams started dating before they were locked up , but according to their indictment in federal court they were busted for stealing $ 5 million from two victims and spending the money on their own lavish lifestyle !
Gilliams was found guilty of three counts of securities fraud and wire fraud , and was sentenced to 120 months in prison . They were also ordered by the judge to pay the entire $ 5 million back in restitution !
PHOTOS : The 14 Most Outrageous ‘ Real Housewives Of Atlanta ' Secrets & Scandals
They and their attorney , Everette L. Scott Jr. , were convicted of concocting a scheme to defraud their victims by claiming that they were investing $ 5 million from their victims in the “ Treasury Strips Program , ” but the two criminals “ misappropriated the vast majority of the money , ” court documents state .
Whitfield 's boyfriend Gilliams egregiously misused the funds , spending it on “ his own personal investments and to support their own personal lifestyle , ” according to the indictment document .
They spent “ more than $ 1 million organizing and sponsoring a festival called ‘ Joy to the World ' that culminated in a December 18 , 2010 black-tie gala at the Ritz Carlton Hotel in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , along with an event in the Bahamas in or about December 20 called the ‘ Gatta be Jokin ' Comedy Jam , ' ” the documents continue .
PHOTOS : Kim Zolciak Says They Love Them ‘ Chunky ' Legs After Fans Fat Shame Them — See 9 Sexy Selfies That Show Off Them Curves
Whitfield 's boyfriend also spent “ approximately $ 1.6 million on a gold investment in Ghana , ” and “ approximately $ 218,000 to purchase a commercial warehouse in Denver , Colorado . ”
The RHOA star 's imprisoned boyfriend also spent “ at least $ 25,000 to pay for their children to private elementary school education . ”
Whitfield claimed they were in the dark about their conviction . “ I did n't know they went away ! We broke up , ” they said on the show . “ We stopped talking before they went to prison because they did n't want to get me involved in any of that . ”
PHOTOS : Real Plastic , Real Housewife ! Kim Zolciak 's Head-To-Toe Makeover REVEALED –– Nose Job , Chin Implant , Boobs & More
However , they said they were dating again and claimed they were innocent .
“ He 's a good guy and , you know , they support me . I can talk to them about anything . He 's my best friend , ” they told People magazine recently . “ He just got caught up in the wrong craziness , and hopefully he 'll be back soon . ”
Gilliams was sentenced to 10 years in prison and three years of probation upon their release , documents stated .
They and Scott were ordered to pay the entire $ 5 million in restitution to their two victims , and upon their release , Gilliams was ordered to “ refrain from excessive use of alcohol , ” and “ not associate with any persons engaged in criminal activity . ”
We pay for juicy info ! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com ? Email us at tips @ radaronline.com , or call us at ( 866 ) ON-RADAR ( 667-2327 ) any time , day or night .
Gladwin , Damzyn fall short of golf state finals
KALKASKA — Gladwin 's boys ' golf team had a tough day at Wednesday 's Division 3 regional golf tournament held at Kalkaska 's Grandview Golf Course .
The Flying G 's placed 18th out of 20 teams at the event with a team score of 426 , and senior leader Jon Damzyn missed out on a third straight trip to the state finals after carding a round of 78 . Charlevoix won the regional with a score of 327 .
Following Damzyn , who needed to shoot 74 or better to qualify individually , were Dylan Berlanga with 112 , Brendon Reichard with 121 and Grant Otto with 125 .
Advertisement
The Nigeria Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative , NEITI , on Monday asked the federal government to immediately revisit and re-valuate the transfer of some oil asset by the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation , NNPC , to its upstream subsidiary , the Nigerian Petroleum Development Company , NPDC .
The Executive Secretary of NEITI , Waziri Adio , made the call in Abuja as part of the transparency agency 's continued review of the highlights of its latest edition of NEITI Policy Brief entitled “ Unremitted funds , oil sector reforms and economic recovery . ”
Mr. Adio underlined the importance of the review , considering NNPC 's under-valuation and refusal to pay for the assets .
Also , they said , the review was necessary in view of NPDC 's inability to either make returns on investments on the asset , or be accountable to the federation over its management of the oil assets in its custody .
The NEITI Policy Brief has put the total unremitted revenues to the federation by the NPDC at a total of N1.76 trillion , consisting $ 5.5 billion and N72.4 billion .
According to NEITI , details of the outstanding unremitted revenues by the NPDC to the Federation Account in respect of the transferred oil asset by the NNPC include $ 1.7 billion in respect of the transfer of oil mining leases , OMLs from the Shell Petroleum Development Company , SPDC joint venture .
Another $ 2.23 billion was also outstanding in respect of the transfer of four OMLs from the Nigerian Agip Oil Company , NAOC joint venture .
NEITI report said the NPDC was yet to refund about $ 148.3 million and about N2.42 billion , being cash-calls paid to it by the federal government for the transferred OMLs .
Other outstanding revenues unaccounted for also include legacy liabilities of $ 1.46 billion and N70.02 billion .
“ Beyond the issue of unremitted monies , there are issues of transparency and efficiency with the operations of NPDC , ” NEITI noted in its report .
Advertisement
‘ ‘ Since 2005 , NNPC has transferred 16 OMLs to NPDC . However , the process of transfer of these assets raises serious questions , as there appears to be no clear-cut criteria for transfer of oil mining assets to NPDC .
“ The process for the transfer of Federation 's assets to NPDC does not seem to pass the transparency test . One of the upshots of this is the undervaluation of these assets , thereby depriving the Federation of optimal value for the assets , '' the transparency agency stated .
The undervaluation , NEITI report said , resulted from NNPCs divestment of its 55 per cent shares in the SPDC JV valued at about $ 1.8billion .
NEITI pointed out that the valuation of the same asset by globally acknowledged audit firm , PricewaterhouseCoopers , PwC , was put at about $ 3.4 billion .
Besides , NEITI compared the valuation of the asset with that of four other assets divested in 2012 by NNPC to NPDC under the NAOC JV , which the Department of Petroleum Resources , DPR , valued at about $ 2.225billion .
The agency said the NPDC , which has so far paid only $ 100 million , was still contesting these valuations despite that it was currently operating the 12 OMLs without paying neither the full value , nor the new figures arrived at by PwC and the DPR .
“ In total , the non-payment for the 12 oil blocks by NPDC sums up to $ 3.925billion , ” NEITI said .
“ NPDC continues to be unaccountable to state institutions and the laws of the country . NPDC has consistently refused to give account of its operations and its management of national oil assets in its possession . NPDC failed to cooperate with the forensic audit ordered by the Auditor-General of the Federation in 2015 . The company failed to cooperate with NEITI for five audit cycles , and only partially cooperated during the 2013 and 2014 audits , ” the agency added .
Click to share on WhatsApp ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Reddit ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Google+ ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Tumblr ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Twitter ( Opens in new window )
The New York Rangers are leaving Saturday 's game against the Nashville Predators feeling wounded in more ways than one .
For one thing , the two teams continue to move in opposite directions in the standings , with the Predators staying hot and the Rangers ' playoff hopes dwindling in a 5-2 decision for Nashville .
The bumps and bruises were n't just figurative , though .
Things got nasty at times between the two teams , and in some cases , it seemed a little one-sided . Marc Staal did n't return to the game after a hard , questionable hit by Alexei Emelin , a defenseman with a reputation for blurring the line between being physical and delivering illegal checks :
Considering Staal 's injury history , there are some very reasonable concerns about another possible concussion .
Concern for Marc Staal , previously thrice concussed in NYR career , who is done for night ( at least ) after taking uncalled Emelin headshot . — Larry Brooks ( @ NYP_Brooksie ) February 4 , 2018
That was n't the only physical moment , either , as Jimmy Vesey was bloodied and did not return to the game after a heavy collision with Filip Forsberg :
( The tone of such a tweet is a reminder that Predators fans have n't forgotten about Vesey leaving town . )
The check left Vesey bloodied :
That was enough for Brady Skjei to drop the mitts in a fight with Ryan Johansen , but the fight might have gone Johansen 's way .
Skjei is n't happy about that hit on Vesey , fights Johansen pic.twitter.com/rbs8esqgyt — Shayna ( @ hayyyshayyy ) February 4 , 2018
So , the Rangers lost two notable players to injury , badly lost , and their opponents had a “ dance party ” after the game . Not good .
Moments like these only rub salt into your wounds :
The Predators are a team that can win in a number of ways , and apparently that can sometimes means getting a little nasty . The Rangers found that out in a painful way .
—
James O'Brien is a writer for Pro Hockey Talk on NBC Sports . Drop them a line at phtblog @ nbcsports.com or follow them on Twitter @ cyclelikesedins .
REUTERS : The International Triathlon Union ( ITU ) launched a mixed relay series on Monday to give athletes more ways to earn qualification points for the mixed relay at the 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo and broaden the sport 's appeal .
The series will officially debut in Nottingham on June 7 before the British leg of ITU World Triathlon Series in Leeds . The format then moves to Hamburg for the Mixed Relay World Championship , before the last leg in Edmonton in July .
There are 55 spots available for men and 55 for women in the triathlon mixed relay at Tokyo 2020 , and athletes can also earn qualification ranking points at the five mixed relay Continental Championships .
`` We are absolutely delighted with the launch of the Mixed Relay Series , '' ITU President Marisol Casado said in a statement .
`` The Mixed Relay ... gives the sport something very important : a sense of team building . But most important , is an event that demonstrates that women and men can compete together but both are equally important to the success of the team . ''
( Writing by Simon Jennings in Bengaluru , editing by Ed Osmond )
Advertisement
PARIS/NEW YORK : Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world .
The new service is part of a push by the `` fintech '' - or financial technology - sector to compete with established financial institutions , by using digital technologies to offer cheaper and more user-friendly services , often via smartphones .
Boston-based Circle Internet operates its app-based peer-to-peer payment network using blockchain , the technology which first emerged as the system underpinning cryptocurrency bitcoin .
One of the most well-funded blockchain startups , its investors include Goldman Sachs Group Inc and Baidu Inc .
Circle Internet 's international money transfer service , built on a type of blockchain called Ethereum , will allow customers to send payments between U.S. dollars , British pound sterling or euros on their mobile phones . There are no fees or foreign exchange mark-ups .
Advertisement
Advertisement
International payments , according to Circle 's chief executive officer and founder , Jeremy Allaire , should not take days to be processed and should be as easy and frictionless as sending an email .
`` When 's the last time you sent a 'cross-border email ' ? '' Allaire said in an interview . `` The idea of cross-border payments is going to completely go away . ... Our vision is for there to be no distinction between international and domestic payments . ''
Circle , which processed over US $ 1 billion in transactions in 2016 and whose customer base increased more than 10-fold in the year up to last month , does not make money from its payments service , nor does it plan to , as it reckons consumers expect these services to be free .
`` We do n't think there is any money to be made in payments anymore , '' said Allaire . `` The entire business model of extracting a toll or having time delays around the movement of value is going away completely . ''
Instead , the company makes money by trading bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies , both on digital currency exchanges and over the counter , at a time when the value of such web-based currencies has reached record highs . Last month alone , Circle traded over US $ 800 million in digital assets , it said in a statement .
In May the company appointed trader Daniel Matuszewski to take over its trading division , following the departure of former treasury and trading operations chief Joshua Lim , the company 's head of marketing confirmed .
( Reporting by Jemima Kelly and Anna Irrera ; Editing by Leslie Adler )
Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than US $ 31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys , as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country .
REUTERS : Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than US $ 31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys , as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country .
Mattel — which cut its dividend by more than half to fund the new efforts — said its emphasis on e-commerce and repackaging its core brands as educational toys and connecting them to the internet would propel its position in the fragmented market .
The toymaker has about 2 percent market share in China , lagging behind construction toy maker LEGO which has 2.8 percent control over the market . Hasbro is catching up with 1 percent , according to Euromonitor International .
Mattel has been revamping its toys , developing AI Barbie Holograms , smart sensors-enabled Hot Wheels cars and virtual reality powered View-Masters to make them relevant to millennial parents .
The new , digitally connected toys will be launched globally in fall 2018 , the company said on Wednesday .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` In China , there is a lot of recognition on linear learning and development . There is a real need for development of EQ , primary motor skills and social-emotional skills , '' Mattel 's Chief Executive Margo Georgiadis said .
Georgiadis , a former Google executive , took over the reins of the toy company in February and was hired for their tech expertise and e-commerce know-how .
Mattel also said it would launch a network of play clubs with retail spaces to sell its toys in a joint venture with investment company Fosun Group adding to a slew of major tie-ups in China .
The joint venture is the third major partnership after Alibaba and Baby Tree , aimed at promoting the company 's educational products .
One such product is Mattel 's Hotwheels Speedometry , play-based lessons which teach children about subjects such as measurement , distance , potential and kinetic energy , through building miniature race tracks .
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
The company said it aims to enmesh more educational content with other brands such as Fisher-Price and Thomas & Friends , which are popular in the Asian country .
`` As we think about the opportunity in China ... it is driven by the basic fact that there are 210 million kids in China , while there are 55 million in the US , '' Georgiadis told Reuters .
`` Just the sheer size of the market ... it 's an enormous market opportunity . ''
( Reporting by Gayathree Ganesan in Bengaluru ; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta )
Ahmedabad : Prime Minister Narendra Modi took off on Tuesday morning in a sea-plane from the Sabarmati River in Ahmedabad to Dharoi Dam in Mehsana district on the last day of campaigning for the Gujarat Assembly polls .
Modi boarded the single-engine sea-plane from near the Sardar Bridge connecting the old city with Ahmedabad West , the first-ever flight by such a craft in the country .
A special jetty was constructed to facilitate the prime minister 's boarding from the river .
The plane took off from the Sardar Bridge-end amid chants of `` Modi-Modi '' from BJP workers and other city dwellers , who flocked the Sabarmati Riverfront to witness this one-of-a-kind event .
The plane would land at Dharoi dam reservoir in Mehsana . From Dharoi , the prime minister would proceed to Ambaji Temple in Banaskantha district via road . After visiting the temple , they would return to Ahmedabad by the sea-plane in the evening .
Modi had on Monday said at a poll rally that on Tuesday , for the first time in the history of the country , a sea-plane will land on the Sabarmati river .
`` I will go to Ambaji in the sea-plane after landing in Dharoi dam and come back , '' they said . They said the BJP had planned a road show for Tuesday in Ahmedabad .
`` However , the administration has not given permission and I had time so I decided to go to Ambaji in the sea-plane , '' Modi had said .
`` We can not have airports everywhere , so our government has planned to have these sea-planes , '' they said .
Chief Minister Vijay Rupani on Monday had said that this is for the first time in the country 's history that a sea-plane will land on a water body and that will be the Sabarmati river .
The Made In Chelsea star gave birth on Monday
After what seems like a super speedy pregnancy , Made In Chelsea favourite Binky Felstead gave birth to their baby daughter earlier this week ( Monday 12th June ) .
While their partner and new dad Josh ‘ JP ' Patterson could hardly wait to tell the happy news to their followers , Binky has taken their time before taking to social media with them joy .
And what better time to address their fans with their happy announcement than on their birthday – as she 's now shared their first baby pic , and it 's so cute !
More : Congratulations ! Binky Felstead gives birth to first daughter with MIC co-star JP Patterson – see the first pic !
Read : All the Latest Celebrity News
Binky turned 27 on Wednesday ( 14th June 2017 ) , giving another reason for celebration at the moment . And they made their gleeful return to Instagram by posting a photo of their homecoming from hospital , with baby girl in tow :
Could n't ask for a better birthday present … Just got to bring our little girl home ! ! ! ! # happybirthdaytome 💗✨🎈🎉🎁 A post shared by Binky Felstead ( @ binkyfelstead ) on Jun 14 , 2017 at 5:31am PDT
‘ Could n't ask for a better birthday present… Just got to bring out little girl home ! ! ! !
‘ # happybirthdaytome ' , they captioned the photo , showing a table laden with gifts : flower bouquets , prosecco , balloons , candles and baby Felstead-Patterson in a car seat , in prime position in the middle . Adorable !
Of course , plenty of people have taken the opportunity to pass on their well-wishes – on the birth of their baby , and on their birthday :
‘ Congratulations binky ! ! I bet she 's beautiful and happy birthday too ' , wrote one fan , while another chimed in with : ‘ Happy Birthday Binky ! And congrats to you and @ joshuapatterson_jp on the birth of your baby girl ! '
Celebrity friends such as Vicky Pattison and fellow MIC buddy Ollie Locke have also given their congratulations to the happy couple with posts of their own .
And though they 've kept their name and face private for now , we 're sure she 's an absolute stunner – we ca n't wait to meet her !
Beginning today , Oct. 6 , more than 100 events will take place statewide to celebrate Illinois ' commitment to the past , present and future of manufacturing .
Manufacturing Month , which takes place every October , is a time for manufacturers , educators , students and lawmakers to celebrate the impact of Illinois manufacturing and discuss issues facing our industry . Statewide , Illinois employs more than 572,000 manufacturing employees in more than 450 occupations .
Gov . Bruce Rauner officially marked the occasion with a gubernatorial proclamation that states , “ Manufacturing in Illinois has been the historical bedrock of the state 's economy for nearly two centuries . ”
“ Manufacturing continues to be one of the strongest sectors of our state 's economy , providing good , high-paying jobs to middle class families across the state , ” said Greg Baise , president and CEO of the Illinois Manufacturers ' Association . “ Our manufacturers and their employees are critical to healthy , thriving communities and we welcome this opportunity to celebrate their impact and contributions . We hope this month reminds our leaders in government of manufacturing 's importance to the middle class and inspires more demand for pro-growth economic policy . ”
Now in its fifth consecutive year , Manufacturing Month has introduced millions of school boys and girls nationally to the opportunities found in manufacturing careers . As the mass exodus of the baby-boom generation continues from the workforce , manufacturers in Illinois are faced with finding new workers with the right skills for today 's advanced manufacturing environment .
The association 's Education Foundation works with the state 's education system to create pathways for students to begin acquiring specific skills during their high school years . Manufacturing Month events illustrate the wide array of vocational opportunities students can pursue . It 's part of an overall strategy the association pursues to improve the state 's business climate .
As part of those efforts , the association will continue to champion immediate and long-term policy solutions that include meaningful and permanent workers compensation reform , tax code reform , fiscal reform , property tax reform , and a strengthened education and workforce development system .
To join the IMA in celebrating Manufacturing Day , visit mfgday.com/events .
Follow AdVantage News on Facebook and Twitter
Egypt 's plan to hand over two uninhabited Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia under an agreement that has attracted widespread criticism moved closer to fruition with parliament set to vote on the measure on Wednesday .
CAIRO : Egypt 's parliament on Wednesday backed plans to hand over two uninhabited Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia under an agreement that has attracted widespread public criticism .
House of Representatives Speaker Ali Abdelaal said the required majority of lawmakers had voted for the agreement , which the government signed last year , despite a court striking it down in March .
`` I announce the House 's final approval of the maritime demarcation agreement with the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia signed on April 8 , 2016 , '' Abdelaal said before adjourning the session .
The treaty must now be ratified by President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi , which is a formality .
The vote came very swiftly . The House Committee on Defence and National Security unanimously backed the plan earlier on Wednesday and referred it to the House for a final vote .
Advertisement
Advertisement
A majority approved it less than four hours later . Those opposed to the measure stood up in protest and chanted `` Egyptian , Egyptian '' in reference to the islands .
Sisi 's government last year announced the maritime demarcation agreement with Saudi Arabia , which has given billions of dollars of aid to Egypt , ceding control of the islands of Tiran and Sanafir .
The plan triggered street protests last year from many Egyptians , who say their country 's sovereignty over the islands dates back to a treaty from 1906 , before Saudi Arabia was founded .
Dozens of protesters gathered in downtown Cairo on Tuesday evening . The press union , where the protest was held , said three of its members were still being detained . A total of eight people were being questioned on accusations of illegally protesting and insulting the president .
The Egyptian and Saudi governments say the islands are Saudi but have been subject to Egyptian protection since 1950 at the request of Saudi Arabia .
JURISDICTION SPAT
The treaty has been referred to the courts , irritating Riyadh and raising tensions between two Arab allies .
Egypt 's highest administrative court blocked the deal but parliament insisted the matter was constitutionally within its domain .
Parliamentary leaders and government lawyers say the House of Representatives is the only entity allowed to rule on matters of sovereignty while the Supreme Administrative Court insists it is within its jurisdiction to scrap the deal .
The Supreme Constitutional Court will rule on who has jurisdiction but has not set a date or even started discussing the issue . It was not immediately clear what the legal situation of the treaty was following Wednesday 's vote .
A government report advising parliament on the terms of the agreement said Egypt would keep administrative control over the islands and Egyptians would not need visas to visit them if they were transferred to Saudi Arabia .
Opposition groups accuse Sisi of handing over the islands to please their Saudi backers and in return for continued aid .
Saudi Arabia was Sisi 's biggest international supporter when they led the military in ousting an elected but unpopular Islamist president in 2013 following mass protests .
( Reporting by Nashat Hamdy and Mahmoud Mourad ; Writing by Ahmed Aboulenein ; Editing by Giles Elgood and Tom Heneghan )
Advertisement
Barely 24-hours after the release of the abducted secretary of Isheri North Estate Association , Dayo Adekoya , five farmers and two members of the Oodua People 's Congress ( OPC ) were tuesday evening kidnapped at Epe area of Lagos .
The five farmworkers who were seconded to Eliasa farms were abducted while at work at the Igbodu area of Epe , alongside the OPC members who were the local security on ground .
It was gathered that they were abducted by gunmen numbering about 15 , who dressed in military camouflage , stormed the farm situated along Ishiwo road .
Investigation revealed that the two OPC were employed by the farm owner to provide security at the farm when kidnapping in the community was on the increase in the area .
After abducting the OPC members and the farmworkers , they were taken through the forest into their waiting boat at the riverside .
As at the time of filing this report , the kidnappers have not contacted the farm management to make any ransom demands .
A source in the area that spoke on anonymity said about two weeks ago , same gunmen invaded the community and abducted six farmers and one customer who came to buy farm produce .
They said , “ The Lagos State government and security agencies should focus more attention on the area because of the increase of kidnappers in that part of the state .
“ The kidnappers also stormed the community on Friday , January 27 , 2017 and abducted a 24-year-old Olabiyi Ifeoluwa , a Graduate of Nutrients and Biotechnology from Ladoke Akintola University , Ogbomosho in Oyo State and three other farmworkers identified simply as Busuyi , Kposu a Togolese national and one John .
Advertisement
“ The four kidnapped victims were workers of Tanda Farm , while Ifeoluwa was employee at the farm two weeks before the incident . Thereafter the abductors contacted the owner .
“ From what we gathered , N2million ransom and two cartons of red label gin were eventually paid as ransom for their release .
“ The negotiator , Ayodeji Akinyemi , who is Ifeoluwa 's fiancé , was said to have dropped the ransom at a designated point , as directed by the abductors .
“ He was said to have also been instructed on phone , the direction they would lead the released workers through in the forest after their release .
“ Upon their release , Akinyemi had told us that the kidnappers also had a room where kidnapped babies are kept , as well as first aid box for treatment of injured victims . ”
The Lagos State Police Public Relations Officer , Dolapo Badmos , a Superintendent of Police , who confirmed the incident said seven farmworkers were kidnapped .
They said : “ Seven farmworkers were kidnapped at Igbodu area and we are working assiduously to rescue them .
“ The Lagos State Police command has commenced investigation following the report . ”
Also , the Lagos State Commissioner of Police , Fatai Owoseni , also said the picture was not clear yet on the reported kidnap .
They said , “ We received a distress call that some farmers were kidnapped , but when the Divisional police officer and their men visited the scene , they discovered there was no such incident .
“ But after sometime , I heard that it was some farmers who were off-loading chicken that was kidnapped . We are still investigating the matter to get a clearer picture . ”
DUBAI : Iran could abandon its nuclear agreement with world powers `` within hours '' if the United States imposes any more new sanctions , Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said on Tuesday .
`` If America wants to go back to the experience ( of imposing sanctions ) , Iran would certainly return in a short time - not a week or a month but within hours - to conditions more advanced than before the start of negotiations , '' Rouhani told a session of parliament broadcast live on state television .
Iran says new sanctions that the United States has imposed on it breach the agreement it reached in 2015 with the United States , Russia , China and three European powers in which it agreed to curb its nuclear work in return for the lifting of most sanctions .
The U.S. Treasury imposed sanctions on six Iranian firms in late July for their role in the development of a ballistic missile programme after Tehran launched a rocket capable of putting a satellite into orbit .
In early August , U.S. President Donald Trump signed into law new sanctions on Iran , Russia and North Korea passed by the U.S. Congress . The sanctions in that bill also target Iran 's missile programmes as well as human rights abuses .
The United States imposed unilateral sanctions after saying Iran 's ballistic missile tests violated a U.N. resolution , which endorsed the nuclear deal and called upon Tehran not to undertake activities related to ballistic missiles capable of delivering nuclear weapons , including launches using such technology .
Advertisement
Advertisement
It stopped short of explicitly barring such activity .
Iran denies its missile development breaches the resolution , saying its missiles are not designed to carry nuclear weapons .
`` The world has clearly seen that under Trump , America has ignored international agreements and , in addition to undermining the ( nuclear deal ) , has broken its word on the Paris agreement and the Cuba accord ... and that the United States is not a good partner or a reliable negotiator , '' Rouhani said .
Trump said last week they did not believe that Iran was living up to the spirit of the nuclear deal .
( Reporting by Dubai newsroom , Editing by Robin Pomeroy and Angus MacSwan )
Christian Horner believes Formula One 's regulation changes and bigger cars for 2017 caused correlation problems with Red Bull 's windtunnel which set the team 's programme back by around two months .
Red Bull -- renowned for its strengths in aerodynamics -- was tipped to become Mercedes ' direct challenger for the 2017 championship following F1 's new regulation overhaul ahead of the season , though it failed to crack the aerodynamic-led changes and instead lagged behind Mercedes and Ferrari from winter testing .
The quadruple world champions fell well short of its main rivals in the opening races of the year as it soon transpired the team would be unable to mount its first title challenge since 2013 . Team principal Horner says the issues began in Red Bull 's windtunnel , with parts that had been predicted to work when simulated at the team 's Milton Keynes factory not performing once they hit the track .
`` I think coming into the season we came in on the back foot really , '' Horner explained . `` Our tools were n't correlating with what we were seeing on the track . Really it was around the Melbourne time that we identified where the issue was and then to unravel that situation and focus on developing the car , relying on the results that we were getting .
Sutton Images
`` Predominantly it was the wind tunnel that was leading us a little bit astray . I think the size of the model , the size of the tyres in the tunnel we have , gave some spurious results , whereas previous it had been very reliable in specific areas . Suddenly we had this divergence between track , tunnel and CFD .
`` It probably cost us about two months , '' they added . `` About two and a half months in terms of where it put us back to . Then of course you are working flat out to try and recoup all that time . It 's not like the others are all standing still . ''
Red Bull claimed a somewhat fortunate win in Baku and has taken five other podium finishes , but heads into the second half of the season 173 points adrift of reigning champions Mercedes , which leads the constructors ' standings . Despite the sluggish start , Horner remains optimistic that their team 's recent progress can be carried into the remaining nine races of the campaign .
`` Ever since Barcelona , each grand prix we 've managed to get more and more performance onto the car . I think we have made good progress during the first half of the year . We lost a lot of ground earlier on but we 're hoping for a much more competitive second half of the season . ''
HONG KONG : Asian equities bounced back Thursday ( May 31 ) from the previous day 's mauling while the euro held on to a recovery as fears of turmoil in Italy were soothed by conciliatory noises from the country 's two biggest populist parties .
The head of the anti-establishment Five-Star Movement said they were prepared to offer a compromise candidate for the finance ministry after President Sergio Mattarella 's decision to veto an avowed eurosceptic led to the collapse of the fledgling coalition government .
Advertisement
Later , the rightwing League 's leader was said to be willing to discuss the issue .
Wednesday 's news provided relief to global markets that were sent spinning by the crisis in Italy - the eurozone 's third biggest economy - which many feared could lead to fresh elections that could essentially become a referendum on euro membership .
US and European markets rallied while the euro , which was wallowing around 10-month lows against the dollar , surged , helped by a surprise surge in German inflation .
`` What a difference a day makes , '' said Greg McKenna , chief markets strategist at AxiTrader . `` My hypothesis that the players ... got the shock of their lives from the market 's reaction to their posturing and the turmoil that ensued has proved correct . ''
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` Italy may not be headed for a summer election . And that means the EU may not face a referendum on its future . Phew , storm in a teacup , nothing to see here , move along , please . At least that 's the take markets appear to go with last night . ''
The gains continued in Asia , with Tokyo ending the morning session 0.4 per cent higher , while Sydney added 0.5 per cent , Singapore climbed 0.7 per cent and Seoul put on 0.5 per cent .
Hong Kong added 0.5 per cent and Shanghai gained 0.8 per cent , supported by data indicating a bigger-than-expected rise in Chinese factory activity in April . Wellington , Taipei , Manila , Kuala Lumpur and Jakarta were also comfortably higher .
VOLATILITY WARNING
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Oil prices were down slightly but holding up after they also rallied Wednesday in response to a report that said OPEC would likely lift output gradually , soothing concerns about a new supply glut .
Crude markets have been hammered since OPEC kingpin Saudi Arabia and Russia last week indicated they could lift a cap on production , which has supported prices for two years , as an oversupply crisis eases .
Investors are now looking forward to the release Friday of key US jobs figures , which could provide some idea about the Federal Reserve 's plans for raising interest rates .
Payrolls firm ADP estimated US private sector job growth at 178,000 in May , down from 204,000 in April and slightly below analysts ' expectations .
However , while sentiment is positive , analysts warned that ongoing geopolitical issues and the unresolved China-US trade row continue to dog trading floors .
`` We are going to be filled with tremendous uncertainty over the course of the summer , '' David Ader , chief macro strategist at Informa Financial Intelligence , told Bloomberg Television .
`` If you look at things like the various economic surprise indices out there they have been slowing down , but on the other hand you still have a Fed hike coming in June . I see a lot of uncertainty , which results in a lot of volatility . ''
Key figures around 0300 GMT ( 11am Singapore time )
Tokyo - Nikkei 225 : UP 0.4 per cent at 22,112.22 ( break )
Hong Kong - Hang Seng : UP 0.5 per cent at 30,213.25
Shanghai - Composite : UP 0.8 per cent at 3,065.35
Euro/dollar : DOWN at US $ 1.1658 from US $ 1.1664 at 2100 GMT
Pound/dollar : UP at US $ 1.3293 from US $ 1.3281
Dollar/yen : DOWN at 108.60 yen from 108.91 yen
Oil - West Texas Intermediate : DOWN 32 cents at US $ 67.89 per barrel
Oil - Brent Crude : DOWN 40 cents at US $ 77.10 per barrel
Milan - FTSE MIB : UP 2.1 per cent at 21,797.82 ( close )
New York - Dow Jones : UP 1.3 per cent at 24,667.78 ( close )
London - FTSE 100 : UP 0.7 per cent at 7,689.57 ( close )
REUTERS : Minnesota on Wednesday became the latest state to sue Insys Therapeutics Inc , accusing the drugmaker of illegally marketing a powerful fentanyl-based pain medicine , while a former employee pleaded guilty in New Jersey over bribing doctors to prescribe the drug .
The lawsuit by Minnesota Attorney General Lori Swanson alleged that the company marketed the opioid drug intended to alleviate pain in cancer patients for unapproved uses . It added to the legal woes of Insys , whose former top executives have been caught up in a federal criminal investigation involving the drug , Subsys .
Advertisement
In Middlesex County Superior Court in New Jersey on Wednesday , former Insys sales representative Michelle Breitenbach pleaded guilty to participating in a scheme to bribe doctors to prescribe Subsys . They face up to five years in prison for a second-degree charge of conspiracy to commit commercial bribery , prosecutors said .
Insys , in a statement , said it takes allegations of wrongdoing by ex-employees seriously and is `` determined to take responsibility for the past and to learn from it . '' Breitenbach 's attorney declined to comment .
Subsys is an under-the-tongue spray that contains fentanyl , an opioid 100 times stronger than morphine . It won U.S. approval in 2012 for managing pain in cancer patients .
Minnesota 's lawsuit , filed in Hennepin County District Court , accused Insys of encouraging doctors to prescribe Subsys to people with other medical conditions and at unapproved doses .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The suit also alleged Insys improperly paid two doctors who became the top Subsys prescribers in Minnesota US $ 43,000 in `` speaker fees . ''
The Minnesota Board of Pharmacy , which filed the lawsuit with Swanson , also brought an administrative action seeking civil penalties .
The Justice Department earlier this month said it had joined five whistleblower lawsuits accusing Insys of paying kickbacks to doctors to prescribe Subsys .
In October , federal prosecutors in Boston announced billionaire Insys founder John Kapoor 's arrest on charges they participated in a scheme to bribe doctors to prescribe Subsys and to defraud insurers into paying for it .
Prosecutors said Kapoor , former Insys Chief Executive Michael Babich and others schemed to bribe medical practitioners using sham speaker programs ostensibly meant to educate healthcare professionals about Subsys .
Kapoor , Babich and five other former executives and managers have pleaded not guilty .
Insys has said it is in settlement talks with the Justice Department and may need to pay at least US $ 150 million to resolve the probe .
Insys also faces lawsuits by New York , North Carolina , Arizona , New Jersey and New Mexico . It previously settled cases by Oregon , New Hampshire , Massachusetts and Illinois for US $ 9.45 million .
( Reporting by Nate Raymond in Boston ; Editing by Will Dunham and Bill Berkrot )
3:03 Talkback : Mark Young talks about Vice Mayor Gene Gallo 's tragic loss of their wife Pause
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
0:55 Woman saves neighbor 's 80-pound mastiff in Christmas day fire
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
2:02 Manatee County residents fear heavy manufacturing will change lifestyle
2:22 All-Area Boys Swimmer of the Year T.C . Smith discusses the honor
2:15 Kids ask Miami-Dade mayor to make it a sanctuary county
0:36 All Area Cross Country
With heavy hearts , a decision to close Grassroots Grocery in Alton by the end of the year has recently been made .
The Advisory Council voted Sept. 25 to close the retail store at 415 Ridge St. when the lease expires on Dec. 31 , or earlier perhaps if inventory is depleted .
In a letter to its members , the council shared that the factors that led to this decision included operating expenses exceeding sales and a continuing decline of customers frequenting the store . Additionally , new memberships and renewals have been decreasing , and the donor who promised to pay the store 's rent for three years has not fulfilled that pledge for the past two years .
Christine Favilla , one of the leading founders of Grassroots Grocery , said in a phone interview on Friday morning , Oct. 6 , that this was a very tough decision but one that was necessary to be fiscally responsible .
“ It was a hard decision — really hard , ” Favilla said . “ But there were just not enough shoppers . ”
Favilla also noted that , while the organization had a sound marketing plan in place , they had no “ foot soldiers ” in place to ensure it was carried out effectively . They also thought not having a paid manager made ongoing operations more difficult .
“ We did have 51 vendors , though . That was definitely not a problem , ” Favilla said .
The store 's landlord was informed of the decision on Wednesday , and employees and members were told on Thursday .
“ We want to thank everybody for their support , ” Favilla said . “ Our members , the community , the shoppers — both regulars and one-timers — as well as the neighbors . Their support has been tremendously rewarding . ”
While the dry goods and bulk items are liquidated , Grassroots Grocery will continue to stock local fresh produce and products until the doors finally close .
Although the Advisory Council has voted to close this retail store , there are potential restructuring options available for the mission to continue . Through tax-deductible donations , volunteer leadership , and continued shopping at the store through the end of the year , the future of Grassroots Grocery will be determined .
Based on public response , possibilities going forward include reopening in a new location , converting into a buying club to coordinate the purchases of select products in bulk , and opening the commercial kitchen at a different location . Founders and existing Advisory Council members are there to guide any community volunteers who are interested in getting involved in the restructuring , which must occur if there is to be a future version of the store .
Favilla also emphasized that the mission has not been entirely abandoned , and with changes in its current business model , the results could be even more beneficial — and exciting .
“ No matter what , we are moving . If we reopen , it will be in a new location . A move could help with getting increased clientele and foot traffic . We also have all the seed money and equipment in place to start a commercial kitchen now , and a new location would have to include the ability to open up this kitchen too , ” Favilla said .
The letter of announcement to close that was sent out to its members also noted that Grassroots Grocery has a wealth of assets to build upon , “ including terrific and knowledgeable employees , strong alliances with local vendors , relationships with the Hunterstown neighbors , and most of all , a belief that locally and sustainably produced foods lead to a healthier life and a stronger community . ”
This cooperative grocery store first opened in August 2015 with hopes to contribute to the restoration of local agriculture , keep money in the local economy , and increase access to healthy food in a low-income area designated by the USDA as “ limited access ” or a food desert . The Grassroots Grocery has run as a non-profit and employs a cooperative business model strategy of generating income through store memberships .
Products offered at Grassroots Grocery come from local and regional producers within a 50-mile radius whenever possible , along with some products purchased from catalogs and other sources . The retail store not only provides access to healthy foods for low-income community members , it also educates those residents about why fresh , local foods are important , and how to best utilize them .
Grassroots Grocery Advisory Council members include Favilla along with Sara McGibany , John Keagy , Sandy Budde , Kristina Remelius , Colby Sprague , Dathan Brooks and Lauren Waters .
Details and updates , along with announced inventory reduction discounts , will be posted on Grassroots Grocery 's Facebook page as well as on their website as they move toward their next chapter .
grassrootsgrocery.org
Highways bosses have altered plans for upcoming roadworks on a busy main road , which they say will minimise disruption .
From Monday ( October 9 ) St Helen 's Road will be closed to through traffic for 24 hours a day between the Elphinstone Road roundabout and the Parkstone Road junction .
A diversion will be in place via Elphinstone Road , The Ridge , Junction Road and Sedlescombe Road North in both directions .
The road is scheduled to be closed for up to nine weeks , although East Sussex Highways says it could reopen as soon as December 1 .
Today ( Friday , October 6 ) , bosses announced that the work on the road will be done in small sections at a time to try to minimise disruption to residents .
A letter from East Sussex Highways has been sent to affected people outlining the plans .
It said : “ The work we will be carrying out is carriageway reconstruction where we will re-use the majority of existing materials and will repair the road without the need to import new materials which avoids harm to the environment and surrounding road network due to large lorry movements .
“ Although we must close the road to through traffic to carry out these works safely , access will be maintained for residents and business users wherever possible . We have conducted many projects similar to this one in the past and have always managed to work in harmony with residents and users of the area .
“ We will be starting work at the western section , outside number 112 St Helen 's Road and working in 200m to 300m long sections , so access and parking will largely be unaffected in areas where we are not working at a particular time .
“ Although vehicles will be allowed access past the gates , we would like to remind all drivers that inside the site the speed limit is a strict 10mph maximum as this will no longer be a section of the public highway .
“ Barriers will be in place surrounding any excavation , but pedestrian access will be maintained at the perimeter of these barriers . ”
East Sussex Highways said it will be giving daily reports on the progress of the works via its Facebook page at facebook.com/eastsussexhighways .
Jenelle Evans ' baby daddy avoided heading back to jail last week in their domestic violence protective order violation case , RadarOnline.com has learned exclusively .
David Eason was found guilty of violating the order in 2016 when they saw their young son in a grocery store and hugged him . The judge sentenced them to whopping 60 days in jail , but before they could do their time they filed an appeal and the sentence was thrown out .
The troubled Teen Mom 2 star 's fiancé had a court date on August 7 and the New Hanover County Clerk of Court told Radar that the case was continued .
PHOTOS : Jenelle Evans Shows Off Pictures Of Them Newborn Son Kaiser
According to the arrest warrant from the 2016 incident obtained by Radar , the child 's grandmother and aunt became “ frightened ” when Eason “ grabbed ” their son after they were told to move away from him .
“ Defendant was in the same location as their child , who was out with their grandmother and aunt when defendant approached and hugged [ his child ] , ” the warrant stated .
Eason 's ex-girlfriend had obtained the protective order against them on October 2015 after a volatile relationship .
PHOTOS : Tropical Taunts ! ‘ Severely Heartbroken ' Jenelle Evans Shares Bikini Snaps From Vacation , Is They Single Again ?
As Radar readers know , Eason and Evans ' ex-husband , Courtland Rogers , were prison pals when they were serving time for breaking and entering , larceny , drug paraphernalia possession and injury to property .
The New Hanover County Clerk told Radar that Eason 's new trial date was still pending and was not yet scheduled by the court . Stay with Radar for updates to the story .
We pay for juicy info ! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com ? Email us at tips @ radaronline.com , or call us at 800-344-9598 any time , day or night .
On the day of its AGM on Tuesday , Standard Life Aberdeen announced its intention to return up to £1.75bn to shareholders , with £1bn of that via a B share scheme and the remaining £750m through a…
I reckoned full-year results released in February looked pretty reasonable ( if not exciting ) , though my Motley Fool colleague Kevin Godbold was unimpressed — especially by the firm 's optimistic dividend plans .
Shares in Standard Life Aberdeen ( LSE : SLA ) have performed disappointingly so far this year . With five months of 2018 gone , Standard Life shares have fallen by 17 % , while the FTSE 100 has remained flat overall .
I would like to receive emails from you about product information and offers from The Fool and its business partners . Each of these emails will provide a link to unsubscribe from future emails . More information about how The Fool collects , stores , and handles personal data is available in its Privacy Statement .
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site . Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter , The Motley Fool Collective . It features straightforward advice on what 's really happening with the stock market , direct to your inbox . It 's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio . ( You may unsubscribe any time . )
Shares in Standard Life Aberdeen ( LSE : SLA ) have performed disappointingly so far this year . With five months of 2018 gone , Standard Life shares have fallen by 17 % , while the FTSE 100 has remained flat overall .
I reckoned full-year results released in February looked pretty reasonable ( if not exciting ) , though my Motley Fool colleague Kevin Godbold was unimpressed — especially by the firm 's optimistic dividend plans .
On the day of its AGM on Tuesday , Standard Life Aberdeen announced its intention to return up to £1.75bn to shareholders , with £1bn of that via a B share scheme and the remaining £750m through a share buyback programme .
It 's all part of what to do with the proceeds of the sale of the firm 's European insurance business to Phoenix Group , and that alone has overshadowed any financial fundamentals and any forecasts of what the new slimmer company is going to look like .
The deal would involve £2.28bn in cash together with a 19.99 % stake in Phoenix Group , and has been touted as a way to enhance the close strategic partnership the two firms already have . Standard Life Aberdeen is to focus on asset management , and will continue to perform that function for the business sold to Phoenix .
That itself sounds reasonable , so why the share price underperformance , and can it come back ? I ca n't help thinking , with the merger between Standard Life and Aberdeen Asset Management to create the new company having happened so recently , it 's mainly uncertainty that 's led to such a loss of confidence .
But if the rest of the year goes well , I can see the shares coming back , with the potential to soundly beat the FTSE . We are , after all , looking at a modest forward P/E of under 13 and forecast dividend yields of more than 6 % .
Finally turning ?
Meanwhile , AstraZeneca ( LSE : AZN ) has been disappointing investors who had hoped that its pipeline rebuild programme would have resulted in renewed EPS growth .
Despite its efforts , analysts are still forecasting a further fall in EPS of 21 % this year , though there 's a 13 % recovery on the cards for 2019 . Earlier predictions for new growth have proved too optimistic , but are things finally set to come good again ?
Positive clinical news has been coming in regularly of late , with the company 's Lynparza ( olaparib ) tablets having received EU approval earlier in May for the treatment of some forms of ovarian and related cancers . We 've also seen US FDA approval for Lokelma for the treatment of adult hyperkalaemia , and approval in Japan for Forxiga ( dapagliflozin ) as an adjunct treatment for type-1 diabetes .
First-quarter results showed a hit from the falling off of Crestor ( rosuvastatin ) as cheaper generic alternatives continued to eat into sales . But improving sales of new products largely offset that , as total revenue for the period declined by just 4 % .
Full-year guidance was maintained , crucially with the firm “ continuing to anticipate product sales growth this year , weighted to the second half. “
With the expected earnings fall this year , AstraZeneca shares are still on a forward P/E for the current year of 22 , which certainly looks a bit high . But if this year 's anticipated product sales growth does happen , and if it translates into earnings growth next year , we 'd see that falling to 19 — and that really could , finally , presage a return to long-term growth .
Much like the NFL 's headaches when it comes to what is or is n't a catch , a simple stroll around Hockey Twitter will often unearth loud groans about goalie interference reviews . At least when people are n't grumbling about offside goal reviews , that is .
From the viewpoints of reporters on hand for the latest round of GM meetings , it sounds like the league is at least attempting to sort out the latest mess .
Granted , you could sense some of the fatigue on this issue from what Lightning GM Steve Yzerman had to say about it , via NHL.com 's Dan Rosen :
“ You can clarify the standards , but each referee and everyone , you and I , has a different opinion , ” Yzerman said . “ Within that room everyone has a little different opinion on did it impact the goaltender . It 's subjective . No one is ever going to agree 100 percent . ”
Fair enough , but much of the frustration stems from the sheer confusion at hand , as there does n't seem to be a clear standard . It 's one thing to disagree with how an infraction is called , but at the moment , many feel like there 's far too much variation in calls .
With that in mind , some GMs apparently hope to tweak the process by , ideally , limiting the number of people who are making the snap decisions on goalie interference :
It sounds like they 're going to start centralizing the decisions on goaltender interference reviews out of the NHL 's video reviews . An attempt for more consistency . — Chris Johnston ( @ reporterchris ) March 19 , 2018
By “ centralizing , ” it could mean leaving that decision to “ The Situation Room , ” as Rosen explains :
GMs and NHL have discussed a lot of options to potentially improve the review process for goalie interference to create more consistency , including putting an official in The Situation Room to having The Situation Room make the final call . ( 2 ) — Dan Rosen ( @ drosennhl ) March 19 , 2018
The meetings reportedly included test cases for goalie interference , with Rosen noting that GMs and media alike had trouble reaching a consensus on certain examples . That helps to illuminate the challenge at hand , but again , many people would probably be at least a bit happier if it was easier to anticipate what would and would not be called as interference .
Quite a few numbers were thrown around about coaches challenges . ESPN 's Emily Kaplan shared a slide from the NHL that would argue that offside challenges have dropped off , likely because a failed challenge results in a delay of game penalty , but goalie interference remains a drag on the game .
It 's a vaguely depressing yet informative chart :
Per the NHL pic.twitter.com/JKlQhaXMMv — Emily Kaplan ( @ emilymkaplan ) March 19 , 2018
Ultimately , it seems like the league still has quite a bit to sort through , with totally fun subplots including the notion that goalies are being coached to embellish interference . Again , lots of fun .
For fans of the sport , it 's about walking the line between getting it right and not grinding too many games to a screeching halt . One might ponder carrying over the delay of game penalty to challenging goalie interference alongside offside reviews , but that might not fly :
One idea brought up today in GM mtgs was a 2-minute penalty for incorrect goaltender interference challenge . Colin Campbell did n't seem wild about it , since it 's subjective and not black and white like offside . But penalty for offside has resulted in ~50 fewer challenges y/o/y . — Frank Seravalli ( @ frank_seravalli ) March 19 , 2018
Maybe Habs GM Marc Bergevin is correct in saying that just a small number of calls go wrong . Still , these challenges are slowing down games about two minutes at a time . That might not sound like much , though when it happens in the flow of an exciting back-and-forth contest , it can be a real killer .
Let 's hope they improve the process , even if it ends up being a work in progress .
—
James O'Brien is a writer for Pro Hockey Talk on NBC Sports . Drop them a line at phtblog @ nbcsports.com or follow them on Twitter @ cyclelikesedins .
Android P could be another Honeycomb , but in a good way .
Sometimes playing `` what if ? '' can be fun , especially when there 's a reasoning to whatever thing you 've put together inside your head . I 've had this half-crazy idea that Android P could be a release designed for big screen devices like convertibles , tablets , and Chromebooks . And as off-the-wall as that sounds , it would n't be the first time .
Android does n't need a redesign , it needs tobe fixed for tablets and other big-screen devices .
Android Nougat saw a sizable change in features and design , but it 's become obvious that Google is happy with the behavior and layout of Android 's core interface . It 's a good base layer , too . Companies like Samsung are free to alter the interface ( within limits ) and still have access to Google 's services and cloud platform as a native Android device , but the design still works if an OEM decides not to change things up . That changes when you put Android on something with a bigger display .
The Pixelbook makes it clear that Chromebooks are now a mobile device akin to a tablet , Android will be a significant part of the interface and app platform going forward , and that Google saw they needed to provide the halo device for developers big and small to use if things are to get better on a big screen . Google as a services company only wants you on the internet and your eyeballs on their products , but Google as a mobile company has their own vision of how the future will be when it comes to the devices we use and how we will use them .
This is what Fuchsia OS looks like on the Pixelbook
There is no longer any doubt that Google plans to do something with a new mobile operating system . That does n't mean Android is going anywhere ; Android is n't really the operating system as much as it is the application layer . There are a lot of people , myself included , who think Google plans to replace the core system that runs Android as we know it with something new that 's easier to develop for and easier for hardware vendors to implement . Fuchsia is n't going to replace Android or Chrome , nor is it going to unify them . It 's going to be the engine that powers them .
Say hello to my little blue friend
Set your wayback machines for 2011 and witness the , um , masterpiece that was Android Honeycomb on the Motorola Xoom .
OK , so Honeycomb was a mess and nobody ever wants to hear me say its name again . But what Honeycomb was is important here — a version of Android that was designed to help put the existing features onto a big screen in a better way . We may not have wanted a Honeycomb , but Android needed a Honeycomb . And now it needs another one .
That part of `` Android '' that may change with Fuchsia is the part that works the best , so there is plenty of work to do .
The low level `` stuff '' , whether that means Chrome for Chromebooks and convertibles or Android proper for tablets and televisions , just works . In fact , it just works so well that the next big thing we expect to see from Fuschia has some big shoes to fill here . It 's the interface and feature set that sucks on a big screen . We need some new APIs and tools that will let developers take advantage of all that real estate and some incentive for them to do it . Android P could be part of it , just like Android Honeycomb was .
It 's all not as crazy as it sounds , and now I really hope it plays out this way .
Sick of coming up with your own strong passwords ? Let iCloud Keychain help .
iCloud Keychain is Apple 's attempt at password management . It keeps all of your passwords and accounts for you and keeps them consistent across all of your devices . It can also generate passwords for you so that you do n't have to keep coming up with strong passwords on your own .
Here 's how to set up and use iCloud Keychain to keep your information consistent and safe .
How to enable iCloud Keychain
Before you can do anything with iCloud Keychain on your Mac , you need to make sure it 's enabled . Here 's how :
Launch System Preferences either from your dock or by clicking the ( Apple logo ) on the top left of your screen and clicking System Preferences . Click iCloud . Click the checkbox next to Keychain on the right . Enter your Apple ID password . Click OK . Enter a 6-digit code that can be used to set up iCloud Keychain on another device . Click Next . Re-enter the security code . Click Next . Enter a mobile number that can receive text messages ( SMS ) . This number will be used to verified your identity whenever you try to access your keychain . Click Done .
How to enable iCloud Keychain in Safari
iCloud Keychain can generate passwords for you when you 're creating online accounts in Safari , but before it can do that , you need to enable it in the Safari app .
Launch Safari from your dock or the Finder . Click Safari on the top left of your screen . Click Preferences . Click AutoFill . Click the checkboxes next to the categories you 'd like autofilled .
How to auto-generate passwords using iCloud Keychain
If you have trouble creating strong passwords for your online accounts or you just find the job tedious , you can let iCloud Keychain do the work for you .
Launch Safari . Navigate to the website where you want to create an online account . Click the password field . Click the suggested password that pops up .
The password field will be autofilled for you , and each time you sign in to this account on any of your devices with iCloud Keychain enabled , it will be autofilled as well . You must just make sure that `` fill user names and passwords '' is enabled on those devices too .
How to view your iCloud Keychain passwords
If you need to see your Keychain passwords for whatever reason , you can do so in Safari .
Launch Safari from your dock or the Finder . Click Safari on the top left of your screen . Click Preferences . Click Passwords . Enter your Mac password ( not your Apple ID password ) . Click on the Account whose password you 'd like to view . Your password for that account will be revealed where the dots are .
If you 're not quick or go too long on that passwords window without activity , it 'll lock again . Just re-enter your Mac password .
This process works the same way for usernames and credit card numbers . Your username and credit card number wo n't be autofilled for you the first time , but once your creation your username and enter your credit card information , they will be autofilled every time after .
How to prevent iCloud Keychain from being set up on other devices
If you want your iCloud Keychain to only be active on your Mac , you can disable its ability to be used on your other Apple devices .
Launch System Preferences either from your dock or by clicking the ( Apple logo ) on the top left of your screen and clicking System Preferences . Click iCloud . Click Options next to Keychain on the right . Click the checkbox next to Allow approving with security code . This will prevent any of your other devices from accessing your iCloud Keychain .
Questions ?
Let us know in the comments below .
Chairman of the Progressives Congress , Chief John Odigie-Oyegun , has described the purported endorsement of Adams Oshiomhole by stakeholders of the party from the South-South geopolitical zone as childish .
The South South APC leaders were reported to have endorsed former Edo State governor , Adams Oshiomhole , as the concensus candidate of the zone for the national chairpersonship position .
But few minutes after the meeting , four state chairpeople of the party and other party leaders washed their hands off the resolution , saying they were “ ambushed . ”
Oyegun speaking to newsmen on Tuesday at the party 's headquarters in Abuja stated that Oshiomhole can not be elected in Edo State government house .
They pointed out that the said endorsement was clear indication that “ the trumpeters do not understand the rule of the game .
“ The endorsement is childish , absolutely childish . The voting is done at the convention and not in State houses , not in government houses . ”
When asked why they were being rejected by their hometown , Oyegun said it should be expected , adding that they were not bothered at all by the apparent hostility .
1 of 8
AKM-GSI AKM-GSI Kris Jenner is not handling their split with longtime boyfriend Corey Gamble well , Kim Kardashian 's Easter soiree alone ! Click through 7 sad photos of the matriarch drowning their sorrows . is not handling their split with longtime boyfriendwell , sources exclusively tell RadarOnline.com . Yesterday , the 61-year-old Keeping Up With the Kardashians momager was ditched by their longtime love , and attended daughter 's Easter soiree alone ! Click through 7 sad photos of the matriarch drowning them sorrows .
AKM-GSI AKM-GSI Kris arrived alone to 36-year-old beauty Kim 's Easter holiday party . As Radar was the first to report , they recently split from their longtime boyfriend Corey , 33 .
As fans know , Kris and Corey have spent nearly every holiday together after the two became an item in 2014 , one year after they split from ex Caitlyn , 67 , who was then known as Bruce .
AKM-GSI AKM-GSI According to the insider , `` Corey did not want to be grilled by the family , and wanted no part in Kim 's get together ! ''
AKM-GSI AKM-GSI Possibly to cope with the pain , Krisn '' was chugging wine and champagne yesterday , and the family is really worried about them , '' the insider told Radar .
Police across Ontario will be targeting street racers and stunt drivers during their annual enforcement campaign which begins today .
Police say this is often the time of the year when modified vehicles start to appear on the roads .
Project E.R.A.S.E. , which stands for Eliminate Racing Activity On Streets Everywhere , is an enforcement campaign operated jointly by police services across Ontario .
READ MORE : Multiple luxury vehicles impounded for stunt driving on Hwy . 400 : OPP
The goal of the initiative is to curtail street racing and other high-risk behaviour on the roads .
Multiple luxury cars were impounded earlier this month for stunt driving on Highway 400 in Barrie . The vehicles included Lamborghinis , Ferraris and Mercedes .
Ontario Provincial Police said the drivers were charged with numerous criminal offences , including stunt driving . Their licenses were also suspended for seven days .
READ MORE : Driver charged after travelling 218 km/h on provincial highway : Ontario police
The Toronto Police Service said in a media release that excessive speed plays the greatest factor in many fatal collisions .
Police say street racers put themselves and unsuspecting road-users at risk of death or serious injury when they choose to disobey traffic laws and drive with a disregard for public safety .
Police in Ontario will be keeping a close eye on vehicles staging to race or vehicles that have been modified and do n't meet safety standards .
SINGAPORE : Minister for Foreign Affairs Vivian Balakrishnan will attend the G20 foreign ministers ' meeting in Bonn , Germany from Feb 16 to 17 , the Ministry of Foreign Affairs ( MFA ) said in a news release on Wednesday ( Feb 15 ) .
The meeting will discuss how countries can cooperate more effectively to address global challenges including sustainable development , sustaining peace and assisting Africa in its development .
Singapore has been invited to participate in the G20 process as the representative of the Global Governance Group ( 3G ) , MFA said . The 3G includes countries such as Bahrain , Kuwait , Qatar , New Zealand , the Philippines , Switzerland and Finland .
Dr Balakrishnan will be accompanied by officials from MFA , the ministry added .
Cross River assemblyman Steven Ukpukpen has passed on .
Ukpukpen slumped and died during an early morning exercise around 7am on Wednesday .
The incident reportedly happened along Moore road in Calabar .
The lawmaker was said to have been rushed to a nearby Naval clinic , but medical officials on duty directed that they be transferred to another hospital , saying their condition was critical .
Ukpukpen was later confirmed dead by medical officials in a private hospital .
They were subsequently taken to the anatomy unit of the University of Calabar Teaching Hospital , where they were also confirmed dead .
Reacting to the development , John Gaul-Lebo , speaker of the state house of assembly , said that : “ I am still in shock . I do not know what to say .
“ We are in a meeting with the family members and we would later issue a statement on the sad development . ”
Ukpukpen represents Obudu constituency in the Cross River house of assembly .
“ Saturday Night Live ” comic and “ Rough Night ” star Kate McKinnon was fêted by Elle magazine at the Public hotel with a stand-up show featuring feisty feminist comedy from Jamie Lee , Tiffany Haddish , Cristela Alonzo and Whitney Cummings .
“ There was a rumor going on for a while that men like strong women , ” Cummings joked to the female crowd . “ No , they do n't . I 've seen porn . . . They have categories you can pick from on the side , it 's like ‘ girl-on-girl , ' ‘ college girl . ' There 's no ‘ CEO girl with a book deal . ' ”
Speaker of House of Representatives , Mr Yakubu Dogara , has urged state legislators to make concerted efforts to ensure level-playing field existed for all to participate in 2019 general elections .
Dogara , who said this when they received Speakers of the 36 States ' Houses of Assembly on Tuesday in Abuja , charged them to defend the electoral process in order to surpass the standard set in 2015 , according to the News Agency of Nigeria , NAN .
They said , “ I want to charge you on the added responsibility of defending our democracy at the grassroots .
“ You have to stand firm , especially now that the elections are approaching , to ensure that we create an enabling environment where there will be free , fair and credible elections .
“ When we talk about free and fair elections , we mean that the elections will be conducted , there will be no grounds for violence and there will be no grounds for intimidation .
“ Some of us will attest to the fact that , maybe , when we contested for elections , we were n't that strong , but others struggled to ensure that the elections were free and fair and on account of that , we won our elections .
“ So , we owe that moral duty to replicate that same environment to others who are contesting and even to our opponents , so that at the end of the day , let there be credible elections in this country .
“ We have the standard in 2015 elections and we should n't go back . We should improve , not only sustain , we should improve . ”
Dogara also spoke on the autonomy granted to state legislatures in the last constitution amendment which President Muhammadu Buhari had signed into law .
They explained to the visiting state legislators that “ the essence of the law is for good governance and not to better the lives of the legislators ” .
They therefore , urged the legislators to use it as a tool of vigilance for upholding democracy in the states .
“ Now that you have financial autonomy , hopefully , some of the critical areas that we felt will better deepen democratic process will be dealt with , ” they said .
Responding to a request by the delegation , Dogara disclosed that the National Institute of Democratic Studies would train the lawmakers when needed , on application of the new law .
Earlier , Chairman of Conference of Speakers of State Legislatures , Mr Abdulmumin Kamba , had commended Dogara for their visionary leadership .
They also commended the House of Representatives and entire National Assembly for conceiving and granting autonomy to state assemblies , saying it would make them more efficient in the discharge of their duties .
Kamba , who is Speaker of Kebbi House of Assembly , urged Dogara to assist in the training of state legislators to improve their capacities .
BERLIN : Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Monday that U.S. President Donald Trump 's decision to recognise Jerusalem as Israel 's capital did not justify the use of anti-Semitic slogans at rallies in Germany .
German police reported the burning of Israeli flags and use of anti-Semitic slogans at demonstrations against Trump 's move in Berlin and other cities .
Merkel said that their government , which has criticised Trump 's declaration , would fight xenophobia with full force .
`` We condemn all kinds of anti-Semitism and xenophobia , and no disagreements , not even over the status of Jerusalem , justify such actions , '' Merkel told journalists after a meeting of the leadership of their Christian Democratic Union ( CDU ) .
Anti-Semitism remains a sensitive issue in Germany , one of Israel 's closest allies , more than 70 years after the end of the Nazi-era Holocaust , in which 6 million Jews were killed .
Government spokesperson Steffen Seibert said Germany had a historic responsibility to stand by Israel and Jews everywhere .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` It 's shameful when such open hatred of Jews is on display on the streets of German cities , '' they told a regular government news conference .
`` Our laws on freedom of expression and assembly guarantee everyone a right to peaceful protest , but this right is no free pass for anti-Semitic atrocities , for incitement and violence . ''
STREET PROTESTS
Trump 's decision caused consternation across the Arab world and among Western allies , and ignited street protests in the Palestinian territories and beyond .
On Sunday , about 2,500 people demonstrated in Berlin and one Israeli flag was burned , police said . They said they were investigating 11 people .
On Friday , hundreds of people gathered outside the U.S. Embassy in Berlin . Police said they had brought criminal charges against 12 people , including for burning Israeli flags .
Seibert said other `` isolated '' incidents had been reported in Munich and other German cities .
They also said it was wrong and unacceptable for Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan to have referred to Israel over the weekend as a `` terror state '' .
Germany 's foreign , justice and interior ministers have also condemned anti-Semitic acts and the burning of Israeli flags in interviews and on Twitter .
A Foreign Ministry spokesperson said Germany 's ambassador to Kuwait had met Kuwaiti officials on Nov. 28 to discuss another issue that has raised concerns among Jewish groups .
A German court ruled last month that Kuwait Airways had the right to refuse to carry an Israeli passenger due to their nationality , saying German law forbade discrimination only on the basis of race , ethnic background or religion , not citizenship .
( Editing by Kevin Liffey )
The absence of Justice Bello Abbas of Sokoto State High Court on Wednesday stalled judgment in the alleged N15 billion corruption charges against Attahiru Bafarawa , former Sokoto State Governor .
Abbas , also the state Chief Judge , had on May 8 , reserved July 4 , for judgment in the 9-year old legal battle between Bafarawa and the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission ( EFCC ) .
However , counsel to the two parties in the case were informed that the judge was out of the state on an official assignment .
They subsequently agreed to retun to court on July 31 , for the judgement .
Bafarawa is facing a 33-count charge bordering on corruption , illegal sale of government shares , misappropriation , criminal breach of trust , receiving stolen properties and unauthorised payments allegedly committed between 2003 and 2007 .
Also being prosecuted along side Bafarawa are Beedash Nigeria Ltd , Nasdalbap Nigeria Ltd , Nasiru Bafarawa and Salihu Maibuhu-Gummi .
Both counsel had adopted their written addresses before the last adjournment .
At the hearing on May 8 , the lead defence counsel , Mr Lateef Fagbemi ( SAN ) argued that the complainant had not provided any evidence in respect of the 11 of the charges against their client to warrant conviction .
They contended that the law requires that evidence in criminal offences must be clear and beyond reasonable doubt .
Fagbemi prayed the court to regard Bafarawa as “ an honest complainant turned accused '' in view of the fact that they first reported the fraud case to EFCC in 2006 .
According to him , Bafarawa took the right step as whistle blower before circumstances turned against them to become the accused .
They urged the court to discharge and acquit the accused on the ground that the prosecution had not proved its case beyond reasonable doubt .
In their submission , EFCC lead counsel , Chief Jacob Ochidi , prayed the court to consider the evidences provided in the course of the trial and convict Bafarawa accordingly .
NAN reports that the court had earlier discharged and acquitted Munti Trade Golobal Concept and Bashir Mamman-Nasarawa , who were among those joined in the original suit .
Rayagada : A major fire broke out at the camp of Central Reserved Police Force ( CRPF ) camp in Rayagada gutting properties worth lakhs .
Reportedly , the fire mishap occurred at around 1 am on Saturday while it took nearly for local fire tenders to douse the blaze .
According to reports , fire broke out at a room of the godown in the camp and the flames engulfed the entire godown damaging several articles of the jawans stored in the godown .
Though the exact reason of the mishap is yet to be ascertained , it is suspected that the fire was caused due to an electrical short circuit .
EAST LANSING , Mich. ( AP )  The Latest on legal action related to a former Michigan State University sports doctor accused of sexually abusing athletes ( all times local ) :
5:35 p.m .
Michigan State women 's gymnastics coach Kathie Klages says she 's retiring immediately , a day after the school announced their suspension .
Klages has been coach for nearly 30 years . Them name has surfaced in lawsuits by female athletes who accuse a Michigan State sports doctor , Larry Nassar , of sexually abusing them during treatments . They deny it .
Advertisement
Klages is accused of downplaying complaints made by two teens in the late 1990s . But athletic director Mark Hollis says they were troubled by Klages ' `` passionate defense '' of Nassar to members of the gymnastics team during a meeting last September .
Hollis referred to the meeting in a letter to Klages dated Tuesday .
Klages ' attorney , Shirlee Bobryk , says Klages would never put athletes in `` harm 's way . '' They say Klages is retiring `` out of respect to the university and the gymnastics program . ''
___
3:50 p.m .
A second woman says that the Michigan State women 's gymnastics coach was aware of complaints of assault by a sports doctor who treated female athletes .
Coach Kathie Klages was suspended Monday . New allegations against them were disclosed Tuesday by a woman who is seeking to join more than two dozen in a lawsuit against Dr. Larry Nassar .
In a court filing , the woman says they were part of a youth gymnastics program in 1997-98 . They say Klages asked them if Nassar had penetrated their vagina with their fingers .
The woman said yes . They say Klages told them there 's `` no reason to bring up '' Nassar 's conduct .
Klages has n't responded to emails seeking comment . Nassar was a Michigan State doctor who also worked for USA Gymnastics , which trains Olympians . They deny abuse .
SINGAPORE : Have a design in mind for a public bench ? Now you can tell it to the Urban Redevelopment Authority ( URA ) , which on Monday ( Aug 14 ) launched a competition seeking new bench designs .
The benches will be made from remaining seating planks salvaged from the former National Stadium .
“ Through the bench project , we see good design tangibly expressed in beautiful and useful ways . The benches not only commemorate the former National Stadium , but have also injected vibrancy to the public spaces they are in . We want to bring this buzz to other areas using the remaining planks , ” said Mr Lim Eng Hwee , CEO-designate of URA .
This comes after an earlier competition seeking bench designs from the National Stadium 's seating planks . A total of 30 designs were chosen and commissioned . At present , 93 benches conceptualised from the competition are located in 23 public spaces around Singapore , URA said .
These include the 1973 bench at Sentosa Beach station and the Dream bench at J Link .
The DREAM bench at J Link . ( Photo : URA )
Advertisement
Advertisement
The 1973 bench at Sentosa Beach Station . ( Photo : URA )
Mr Peter Chen , a senior lecturer at Nanyang Technological University 's School of Art , Design and Media , and who designed the 1973 bench , said : `` Good design should be timeless , and people of all generations should be engaged in the shaping of design and the environment . ''
The competition , which is open to designers aged 35 and below , will end on Nov 30 . Entries will be evaluated based on how well the applicant responds to the brief , as well as the innovation involved in creating a piece of public furniture and as an art piece , URA said .
Winning designs will receive a S $ 1,000 cash prize . The designs will then be brought to life and placed in public spaces . Further details on the competition can be found online .
AFCENT Airmen fight from ultimate high ground
by Staff Writers
Al Udeid Air Bas , Qatar ( AFNS ) Feb 15 , 2017
Airman 1st Class Tyler C. Santy , a 460th Space Communication Squadron network administrator , reviews information Oct. 20 , 2016 , at Buckley Air Force Base , Colo . The Combined Air Operations Center at Al Udeid Air Base , Qatar , serves as the tip of the spear of an enterprise of more than 35,000 space Airmen working together from more than 130 locations worldwide to fight the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant . Image courtesy USAF and Airman Holden S. Faul .
As adversaries and challenges evolve in dynamic battlefields across the globe , U.S. service members from U.S. Air Forces Central Command are using cutting-edge technology to support and defend joint and coalition warfighters .
Before combatants meet on the battlefield , a war occurs in a domain where Airmen from space-centric career fields bring a global network of assets and experts together at the Combined Air Operations Center ( CAOC ) here to aid operations in the fight against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant .
From a global communication network to GPS to intelligence imagery , Col. Michael Jackson , the AFCENT director of space forces , said the battlespace would look vastly different without the work of space professionals around the globe .
`` Modern warfare , whether air , land or maritime , is dependent on communications and information , meaning it 's dependent on space operations , '' they said . `` A day without space used in combat is like a day without oxygen . ''
Across the Defense Department , the Air Force is responsible for 90 percent of space assets and the team here uses these resources to provide support throughout U.S. Central Command 's area of responsibility .
`` Space is a key dimension of the battlespace just like air , land or sea - it 's one we work to leverage against our enemies , '' said Lt. Gen. Jeff Harrigian the Combined Force Air Component commander . `` It allows our forces to navigate with confidence , communicate with clarity , strike with accuracy and assess with assurance . ''
The CAOC serves as the tip of the spear of an enterprise of more than 35,000 space Airmen working together from more than 130 locations worldwide . Here , space personnel are integrated into every section of operations planning and execution to leverage the information for mission success .
Jackson said this reflects the impact their Airmen play in each aspect of the fight .
`` We are involved in every aspect of the CAOC which allows us to integrate information at the speed of combat , '' they said . `` If the enemy can not respond as fast as we can , that means we have the advantage . We exercise a high standard and our Airmen have technological know-how to rise to those standards . ''
Across the CENTCOM AOR , space professionals protect the satellite communication network to ensure intelligence personnel and combat leaders can review and exploit information in real time . Once captured , the data is sent to processing centers around the world , then reviewed , packaged and sent to leaders for planning and decision making .
At any given moment , an unblinking constellation of remotely piloted aircraft flying across the Middle East transfer intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance data across a web of military satellites , transmitting approximately 50 gigabytes of information , or the equivalent of 10 DVDs , every second .
This capability allows today 's U.S. military unprecedented flexibility and immediacy never before seen in military history .
`` In World War II , it could take days or weeks to determine a target and launch hundreds of bombers to drop thousands of pounds of ordinance . Then , leaders would have to wait until the planes returned and developed film to assess the strike , '' Jackson said . `` Today , using our space resources , we can determine a target quickly , send one pilot in a single aircraft , strike the target and know within seconds if we need to reengage . ''
Jackson said this ability has directly allowed the U.S.-led coalition to lead the most accurate air campaign in history . Leveraging GPS technology , more than 90 percent of all weapons dropped strike within mere feet of the intended destination .
`` Even just two years ago , the things we can do now were unthinkable , '' they said . `` We 've invested a lot in research and training to increase the effectiveness of our space program and now we see it saving lives and force multiplying . ''
While technological advantages empower joint and coalition forces to bring the fight to the enemy , Jackson said the space Airmen behind the scenes will continue to enable the mission across the globe .
`` Our adversaries are increasingly competent in the digital campaign . We must continue to improve , increase and invest in our domination , '' they said . `` Technology helps , but our Airmen are critical to leveraging our capabilities and they will keep fighting . ''
President Hage Geingob has personally intervened in the ongoing efforts to release Namibian truck drivers in Zambia .
This was confirmed by the Namibia Chamber of Commerce and Industry .
Is Eliot Spitzer and their ex-girlfriend Lis Smith reigniting their romance ?
The pair were spotted on Thursday at Serafina Always on the Upper East Side .
One witness tells us that Spitzer was “ trying their luck and was being handsy with Lis , but they did n't seem to be interested or reciprocating . It actually looked like it was n't a date and they were there for a business meeting because they had a folder out and a laptop and seemed to be asking theirs advice . ”
Smith is the co-founder of PR company 50 State Communications .
But another spy tells us , “ She appeared to be really into him . ”
see also Lis Smith dumped Spitzer after hooker tried to extort them Lis Smith dumped Eliot Spitzer because they were being extorted ...
Smith split with Spitzer in 2015 after two years together , around the time they were allegedly being extorted by a supposed $ 5,000-a-night Russian hooker , Svetlana Zakharova Travis , who later accused them of a Plaza Hotel assault .
Travis was later arrested and still faces trial for allegedly extorting $ 400,000 from Spitzer and also pulling a scam on toy-store owner Paul Nippes .
They are currently in jail and will be back in court Sept. 13 for pretrial hearings .
When it comes to Smith and Spitzer rekindling , Smith did n't return calls for comment , but a friend told us that , “ Lis and Eliot are not getting back together . ”
A rep for Spitzer did n't comment .
Ethiopia has lifted a ban on domestic workers moving overseas after passing a new law to guard against ill-treatment , a government official said on Thursday .
Africa 's second-most populous country instituted the ban five years ago following reports of abuse , and complaints that employment agencies lured Ethiopians into working abroad in illegal and appalling conditions .
Abebe Haile , a director at the labour ministry , said the new law regulates employment agencies that connect jobless Ethiopians with work in foreign countries .
The government has also opened training centres for low-skilled workers heading abroad .
“ Taking these preparations into account , this ban has been lifted , so we 're now ready to start the overseas employment services , ” Abebe told a press conference .
Ethiopia is one of the continent 's poorest countries and , according to the International Labour Organisation ( ILO ) , a major source of migrants particularly to the Middle East , where there were around 460 000 Ethiopian workers in 2013 when the ban came into force .
At the time reports of worker abuse were rampant , including a video that emerged online showing an Ethiopian maid in Lebanon being dragged by their hair in public by their employers . They later killed themselves in hospital .
While some Ethiopians work legally in the Middle East , others travel without visas despite having to cross through war-torn Yemen and risk a perilous boat trip across the Gulf of Aden .
Last week at least 30 people drowned when a boat carrying Somali and Ethiopian migrants capsized off Yemen 's coast .
Saudi Arabia – a popular destination for Ethiopian migrants – has carried out mass deportations of illegal foreign workers that rights groups have decried for their brutality .
Riyadh last year announced it would begin deporting illegal migrants again and Ethiopia 's foreign ministry told state media that more than 14,000 of its citizens have been repatriated since November .
Abebe said Ethiopia has signed bilateral agreements with Kuwait , Jordan and Qatar to govern the flow of low-skilled workers , and is working on agreements with other nations .
PanARMENIAN.Net - Many think that controlling food cravings and sticking to a diet depend largely on willpower , but biology has a different story to tell . Now , new research shows that a complex interplay between calories , digestion hormones , and neurons determines what you eat and when , Medical news Today says .
Researchers at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia — led by J. Nicholas Betley , an assistant professor in the Department of Biology in the university 's School of Arts and Sciences — delve deeper into the interplay between the gut and the brain .
The researchers looked at what it is that triggers the appetite-stimulating neurons , and — more importantly for weight management efforts — what it is that switches them off .
The so-called agouti-related protein-expressing neurons ( AgRP ) are neurons in the hypothalamus that become activated when you are hungry . As Betley explains , `` When these neurons are firing , they 're basically telling you , 'You 'd better go get food ; you 're starving . ' ''
AgRP neurons are `` a sensitive alarm system , '' Betley says . But , apart from by eating , is there any other way that you can turn the alarm system off ?
For the study , the team wanted to look more closely at the difference between how these neurons are shut down upon eating , and how they are shut down by the mere sight and smell of incoming food .
To do so , Betley and team used in vivo calcium imaging — a method that allows the researchers to track the activity of neurons with a high degree of specificity — to study genetically modified mice .
In separate trials , the mice were offered three different meals : regular chow ( with which they were already familiar , so they knew how it tasted and smelled ) ; a calorie-free , strawberry gel that was wholly unfamiliar to the rodents ; and the same gel but this time with calories .
As expected , when seeing the standard chow , the mice associated its smell and appearance with satiety , so their AgRP neurons decreased in activity .
But when the rodents were given the calorie-free gel , seeing and smelling the food did not affect the neurons : their activity levels stayed just as high .
After eating the calorie-free gel , AgRP neuronal activity decreased , but only for a little while . The more repeatedly the mice were given the gel , the smaller was the decrease in the activity of the neurons , indicating that the rodents had come to associate the gel with a low amount of calories .
Finally , when the same mice received the calorie-containing gel , AgRP neurons decreased in activity and continued to `` lay low '' for a long time .
`` [ W ] hat this study conclusively demonstrated , '' says Betley , `` is that nutrients are the primary regulators of this alarm system , '' referring to AgRP neurons .
The findings prompted the researchers to figure out ways in which to `` manually '' control the activity of AgRP neurons .
So , they administered the rodents three hormones that are usually secreted during digestion : cholecystokinin , peptide tyrosine , and amylin .
Each of these hormones led to a significant decrease in the mice 's AgRP neuronal activity , and the more of each hormone they received , the stronger was the diminishing effect on the mice 's neuronal activity .
Betley notes that a similar cocktail may work for treating obesity in humans . They further comment on the relevance of the findings for humans .
The Conversation — an activist-minded literary series at Women & Children First Bookstore — continues this Thursday , December 14 from 7:30 to 9:30 p.m .
According to the organizers : “ We 're almost a year in . How are writers responding to our changing country and to the emotional turmoil and political exigencies of our new daily lives ? Can literature still do something that calling your senators ca n't ? Different from past Conversation events , this is both a reading and a discussion . Join Nami Mun , Aleksandar Hemon , Kim Brooks , Ruben Quesada , and host Rebecca Makkai as they discuss what it means to be a writer and a human in Trumplandia . Then follow us around the corner to Las Manos Gallery , where we 'll continue the conversation over drinks and food . ”
The Conversation is a free , no-ticket event , open to all , but donations will be collected at the afterparty to fund a local nonprofit . Click here for more event details .
The series is curated by Kim Brooks , Rebecca Makkai , Zoe Zolbrod , Jana-Maria Hartmann , and Aleksandar Hemon , with Sarah Hollenbeck of Women & Children First .
Help the Chicago Review of Books and Arcturus make the literary world more inclusive by becoming a member , patron , or sponsor . Each option comes with its own perks and exclusive content . Click here to learn more .
MOSCOW : Veteran Belgium defender Vincent Kompany said on Wednesday ( Jul 4 ) Brazil are the best team at the World Cup but their side are not losing any sleep at the prospect of playing them .
The most talented Belgium team for decades face the ultimate test on Friday when they take on the five-time winners in Kazan for a place in the semi-finals .
Advertisement
`` Individually , Brazil is the strongest team in this World Cup , '' Kompany , who made the last of their international appearances as a substitute in the 1-0 win over England , told reporters .
`` That is a compliment but it does n't affect our chances against them . None of us are going to sleep at night thinking 'We have already lost to Brazil ' .
`` Defensively they are solid , they win all their defensive duels and in attack , they are not scared to take people on one-on-one .
`` They always have a key to unlock any situation . ''
Advertisement
Advertisement
Manchester City stalwart Kompany , 32 , said although Belgium boast their own outstanding individual players such as Eden Hazard and Kevin De Bruyne , the only way they will beat Brazil is to play as a team .
`` We are going to look them in the eye . But if we make this a match of individuals , then we 'll lose , '' they said .
Belgium , who came from behind to beat Japan in a thrilling last-16 match , have fast become the favourite team of many fans of countries already eliminated for their attractive style of flowing football , a role their old rivals the Netherlands often occupied .
`` We have developed an attractive style of football , we have scored a lot of goals and showed our good side , '' said Kompany .
`` If we play well against Brazil , we can attract even more supporters . Neutral fans appreciate good football , like the Netherlands used to play .
`` We 're constantly improving . We just have to step up to another level against Brazil . At least I hope we can . ''
Belgium will have to find a way to stop Neymar , whose performances in Russia have attracted as much criticism as praise , for their alleged over-reaction to fouls .
Asked by a Brazilian journalist what they would do if Neymar fell theatrically in front of him , Kompany turned the question back on their questioner .
`` What would you say to him ? You are a Brazilian journalist ? Ah , I see you 're too scared to reply . I do n't care ( what Neymar does ) . If it becomes a match of individual performances we 've got no chance .
`` If we play as a team , if we fight for each other , we can do it and that 's what matters to me . ''
Screenshot : @ thejournalista ( Twitter )
When Roseanne Barr was called out and subsequently fired for the racist tweet they made about Valerie Jarrett on Tuesday , two things happened at the same time .
First , white people feigned ignorance as to why saying a black woman was the love child of the Muslim Brotherhood and Planet of the Apes was racist . They found all types of ways to excuse Roseanne 's comments , including denying that they knew Jarrett was black . But let 's be clear : The only reason to make a reference like that is for the sole purpose of being offensive to a black person . Roseanne said what they said and they meant it . It was not their first time referring to a black person as an ape or monkey , and it likely wo n't be them last—especially now that they do n't have anything else to lose .
Advertisement
The second thing that happened was at once strange , bewildering and amusing .
Roseanne stans and the “ Make America great again ” crowd found a tweet of mine from seven months ago in which I referred to current Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson as a “ monkey of the porch variety . ”
That 's my way of saying “ porch monkey. ” The tweet has remained on my account since I originally tweeted it out . I never deleted it . I meant what I said in that moment .
Advertisement
At the time I originally sent it , the tweet got some responses—mostly people laughing and/or agreeing with me , but no “ MAGA ” outrage .
But after Roseanne 's show was canceled and they were called out for racism , their fans and the “ MAGA ” crowd were hungry for blood . They wanted someone to lash out at because why should n't Roseanne be allowed to call a black woman an ape ?
Advertisement
My tweet became the target of their selective umbrage , and my Twitter mentions became a proverbial dumpster fire as people accused me of being a racist and called for my employer , The Root , to fire me for being a racist .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Hi , guys . That 's not how any of this works .
First of all , The Root is not going to fire me for voicing my own opinion on my own Twitter account that actually includes a disclaimer that tells you that even though I write for The Root , my tweets are my own opinions and have nothing to do with my employer .
Advertisement
Second ? I—a black woman—am not a racist for calling Ben Carson—a black man—a porch monkey .
Is my calling them that name mean ? Maybe . Is it in poor taste ? Depends on whom you ask . There is a large contingent of black folks who would actually agree with my sentiment .
What it is not , however , is racist . The statement is not racist because that is not how racism works .
Advertisement
Here , allow me to explain .
Merriam-Webster defines racism as follows :
1 : a belief that race is the primary determinant of human traits and capacities and that racial differences produce an inherent superiority of a particular race 2a : a doctrine or political program based on the assumption of racism and designed to execute its principles b : a political or social system founded on racism 3 : racial prejudice or discrimination
There are different types of racism , including institutionalized racism , internalized racism and individual racism .
Advertisement
Institutionalized racism is the foundation that this country was built on and is still in place today . It is the reason we need things like affirmative action . Systems were put in place that keep marginalized groups from having the same opportunities and advantages as white people . Do n't bother denying it ; you know it 's true .
Internalized racism is when someone—say , a black person—believes all the negative things that white people say about black people . They internalize it and turn it outward onto other black people . Think Pill Bill Cosby telling young black men to pull their pants up or telling Eddie Murphy not to cuss in their comedy sets . Think Stacey Dash calling Rep. Maxine Waters a buffoon and going on Fox News decrying their own people . Think Kanye West saying that slavery was a choice . All of these are good examples of internalized racism .
Individual racism is one person committing acts of racism against another—whether they be microaggressions or outright attacks against another person because of their or their race .
Advertisement
The thing that ties all of these together is the idea that one race ( in this case , white people ) is better than another race ( black people , for this example ) .
There is an inherent power system built into racism . In this country , white people have held a privilege and station in society where they control everything—courts , businesses , banks and all other parts of everyday life . This country was made for them and they reap the benefits of racism—both institutional and individual .
I have no power over Ben Carson . I have no influence over their job , the opportunities that they will have in the future or anything like that .
Advertisement
We are both black . To that extent , I can not be racist against him .
To be clear , this current outcry for me to lose my job over a tweet is n't about any concern over my calling Carson a porch monkey .
None of these white people give a fuck about that .
What they do care about is defending Roseanne 's right to be a racist . What they care about is being excluded from using words they weaponized against us for years . It upsets them . It angers them . White people hate being left out of anything .
Advertisement
If any of these people cared about Carson , they would have sniffed this out and been on my neck seven months ago . Instead , they have jumped on this tweet and used it as a way to defend a white woman 's right to spew hateful language toward a black woman with impunity . It is epic concern trolling .
White people : This has never worked for you and it never will .
Calling Ben Carson a porch monkey does not make me a racist .
It just makes me able to say some shit that you ca n't say , and that bothers you .
Advertisement
Stay mad .
Global Water Futures ( GWF ) announced on Monday that nine of 21 new research projects to predict Canada 's future hydrology will be led by the University of Saskatchewan ( U of S ) .
All of the projects — valued at over $ 10 million in total — aim to address critical water security challenges , such as the melt of mountain glaciers and prairie food production .
READ MORE : Saskatchewan 's climate change plan leaves some asking questions
GWF director John Pomeroy said the hydrology of Canada and all cold regions is changing dramatically due to climate change .
“ We have entered the ‘ Great Thaw ' due to rapid climate change , and with economic growth and changing ways in which we use the land , we now have more damaging droughts , fires , floods , algal blooms , and water quality advisories than in the past , ” they said in a press release .
“ These 21 new projects will help us understand , diagnose and predict change , and develop new tools , such as sensors , analytical procedures , and computer models to support water-related decision making . ”
WATCH : Heart-wrenching video of emaciated polar bear shows stark reality of climate change
Over the next three years , 450 researchers and scientists will be trained and hired to work on the projects and support GWF .
“ The outcomes of this torrent of new science will include a better understanding of snow and rain storms , floods and droughts , ” Pomeroy said .
“ As well as how to better measure and manage the quality of source waters ; how deep groundwater is affected by the surface ; how water affects human health in Indigenous communities ; how to improve water governance ; and even how to encourage global water citizenship . ”
U of S-led projects :
Collaborative modelling framework for water futures and holistic human health effects ;
Old Meets New : subsurface hydrogeological connectivity and groundwater protection ;
Omic and chemical fingerprinting methodologies using ultrahigh-resolution mass spectrometry for geochemistry and healthy waters ;
Short‐duration extreme precipitation in future climate ;
Diagnosing policy and governance effectiveness for agricultural water management during times of change ;
Crowdsourcing water science ;
Adaptation governance and policy changes in relation to a changing moisture regime across the southern boreal forest ;
Hydrological processes in frozen soils ; and
Improved estimates of wetland evaporation .
READ MORE : A & W commits $ 5M to beef research at the University of Saskatchewan
The 12 other projects will be led by the University of Waterloo , McMaster University , Wilfrid Laurier University , University of Quebec and University of Manitoba .
GWF , the world 's largest university-led freshwater research program , was established within the Global Institute for Water Security in 2016 .
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost . Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC . More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs . Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods , the services you request or are needed to complete the move , and/or on the pricing of each individual mover . Also , certain costs are not reflected in this calculation , for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs .
. …First , they were refusing to pick Raila 's calls .
By S M
“ Two private and long emotional meetings with pleadings , empty promises and a flurry of received and ignored calls captured the palpating tension 24 hours before swearing-in of NASA leader Raila Odinga , Saturday Standard can reveal .
Sharp and divergent opinions characterised the Opposition coalition 's moment of reckoning as Raila and the three other principals differed on the oath-taking , which they had touted as epic shift from their electoral theft grievance .
Sources at the core of the planning say by the eve of the inauguration , it was evident that Wiper leader Kalonzo Musyoka , Amani National Congress ' Musalia Mudavadi and Senate Leader of Minority Moses Wetang'ula would skip the Uhuru Park event .
To proceed or not ?
At about 1.30pm on Monday , the quartet separately drove into a Karen hotel to a meeting full of anxiety and trepidation . It was the time to agree on the nitty-gritties of the event . But rather than discuss details , the meeting slipped back to the question of whether to proceed with the event or not .
The 11-hour meeting at the Karen hotel , our sources say , ended without a breakthrough on the event , let alone details of it like the oath and its content .
Later , Raila would share their frustrations to an MP we spoke to on the cold feet among their colleagues despite their public avowals in support .
“ We have agreed to meet tomorrow morning to finalise the plans , ” they reportedly told the MP .
On the Tuesday D-day at 10 o'clock , Raila drove into DusitD2 hotel along Riverside Drive from undisclosed direction . The rendezvous with their co-principals would be the last meeting point before the oath .
Unlike their colleagues , Raila had not slept at their home over fears the Jubilee government could attempt to block them from accessing Uhuru Park for their big event .
A few minutes before Raila arrived at the hotel , Siaya Senator James Orengo had arrived followed by business person Jimmy Wanjigi and Mombasa Governor Hassan Joho .
The talks began 30 minutes later after the arrival of Wetang'ula and Mudavadi . Kalonzo had kept on indicating that they would join them but did not make it .
Orengo assured all the principals that they would offer them free legal service if by any chance they were arrested by Jubilee .
“ Orengo was very clear , the whole matter was legally insulated and they were ready to defend anyone in the courts , ” said another source at the luxurious and exclusive six storied hotels .
As time went by at about noon , Mudavadi and Wetang'ula were still noncommittal on their attendance at Uhuru Park , which was by then teeming with thousands of supporters .
“ The videos streaming from the NASA team at Uhuru Park excited Raila , Joho and Wanjigi who believed that they needed to be there on time , ” said the source .
Joho , it is understood wondered why anyone of the NASA luminaries , would be scared to attend . “ Hakuna kitu ya kuogopa hapa ( There is nothing to fear here ) , ” sentiments shared by Wanjigi .
A few minutes after noon , Mudavadi and Wetang'ula excused themselves and left , promising to join the NASA luminaries and drive together to Uhuru Park . It never came to pass .
“ What happened later was agonising , the trio were not picking calls from Raila and lieutenants at DusitD2 , ” said the source .
At some point when Wetang'ula picked Raila 's call , they claimed to be at Nairobi Club and was to meet Raila and their team at Serena Hotel before they went to the historic public park . Time was running out fast and the crowds getting weary .
At 2.23pm , a downcast Raila , not able to convince their principals but buoyed by the support and encouragement of Joho , Orengo and Wanjigi , triumphantly romped into the impatient but rapturous crowd at Uhuru Park .
Within 27 minutes of their arrival , Raila had been sworn-in , the absence of their co-principals explained and crowds begun to disperse . Forty minutes later , Kalonzo , Mudavadi and Wetang'ula who had by then congregated at Karen , sent a statement to newsrooms affirming their NASA unity .
“ We agreed to meet again this morning . However , due to circumstances beyond our comprehension and control , the four of us did not assemble as planned , ” read part of the statement .
New date
In a case of the hunter becoming the hunted , one of our sources told us that most of the evening after taking their oath , Raila equally refused to pick calls from their co-principals until the following morning .
Yesterday , Wetang'ula said they were working on a new date for the swearing-in of Kalonzo , insisting that their absence at Uhuru Park was in ‘ good faith '
“ The four of us signed an agreement ahead of August 2017 elections and we are strongly bound together by the interest of the people . We should not be called cowards . Our president is not offended with our absence at Uhuru Park because they understand our strategy , ” Wetang'ula said .
On Thursday , both Kalonzo and Wetang'ula , while speaking in a press conference at Okoa Kenya offices in Lavington , claimed that their absence at Uhuru Park was a strategy that had been agreed .
“ We acted based on our intelligence reports , ” said Wetangula . Kalonzo took it further back and alluded that from the Machakos meeting two weeks ago , they had agreed to have the oath done at intervals . ”
MUMBAI : Singer Justin Bieber 's mother Pattie Mallette says they have a `` special bond '' with their girlfriend Selena Gomez .
Gomez , 25 , has rekindled their relationship with Bieber , 23 . Their mother is happy about their reconciliation .
`` I do n't know so much about their personal relationship because they do n't share a whole lot , but I love them I support anything ( he does ) , if they love them I love her , and I 've met them and we have a special bond so I think she 's precious .
`` I ca n't really speak on their relationship , that 's between them , '' Mallette told people.com .
Mallette believes being in a serious relationship keeps Bieber more `` grounded '' .
`` I think anyone with real love in their life is more grounded . I think there 's so much confusion sometimes and facade in this Hollywood world , and so it 's important for us to find the ones that truly care and stick with them , '' they said .
Gomez split from The Weeknd last month .
( Source : IANS )
Veteran actor Rishi Kapoor has called the police , firefighters and the medics “ real heroes ” and added that romancing or fighting in films is no heroism .
“ The Real Heroes . ‘ 9/11 ' Firefighters entered Twin Towers knowing eminent death . Now Grenfell Tower where again the braves have entered . Singing songs , romancing or fighting in films is no heroism . The real heroes are the firefighters , police and the medics . I was no hero ! Sorry ! ” Rishi tweeted on Wednesday night .
The 64-year-old actor 's tweet came after a major fire took place and consumed a 24-storey apartment complex in west London housing hundreds on Wednesday .
Firefighters were alerted to the blaze at Grenfell Tower , an apartment block located in the neighbourhood of Kensington , shortly after Tuesday midnight , reports Efe news .
Some 200 firefighters and 40 fire trucks were deployed to the scene and emergency workers were battling to get the fire under control .
On the work front , Rishi will soon be seen sharing screen space with megastar Amitabh Bachchan in the upcoming film “ 102 Not Out ” .
The film features Amitabh as a 102-year-old and Rishi as their 75-year-old son .
“ 102 Not Out ” is based on writer-director Saumya Joshi 's successful Gujarati play by the same name . The film is a sweet story between a father and a son and the duo will also speak a few lines in Gujarati in the film !
Amitabh and Rishi , who will be seen sharing screen space after two decades , have previously worked in films like “ Amar Akbar Anthony ” , “ Naseeb ” and “ Kabhi Kabhie ” .
- Advertisement -
Thousands of the Progressives Congress supporters in Rivers State on Monday embarked on a pro-Special Anti-Robbery Squad rally to drive home their call on the Federal Government not to contemplate scrapping the unit of the Nigeria Police .
The APC supporters , who marched from Polo Club , GRA , in Port Harcourt to the State Police Command on Moscow road , explained that rather than scrap SARS , more personnel of the anti-robbery unit should be posted to Rivers State .
This is as the supporters of the Peoples Democratic Party in the state carried out what appeared to be a counter-rally , which called for the scrapping of SARS .
In the early part of the rally by the APC supporters , which began before 9am , placards and banners with various pro-SARS inscriptions were freely displayed to drive home their message .
Some of the placards read , ‘ Without SARS , criminals will cripple Rivers ' , ‘ One man , One SARS ' , ‘ We say no to # END SARS ' , ‘ SARS not our enemies ; criminals are our enemies ' , and ‘ We stand with IGP Idris on SARS reform ' , among others .
- Advertisement -
Speaking during the APC rally , a former governorship candidate , Prince Tonye Princewill , said the State Governor , Chief Nyesom Wike , was calling for the scrapping of SARS and removal of the head of the anti-robbery unit in the state , Mr. Akin Fakorede , because they ( Fakorede failed to compromise . )
“ Wike had a former CSO who worked for him ; and then , they did not call for the scrapping of SARS . They ( Wike ) wants SARS out because they are not working for him . We are here today to support the reformation of the body as directed by the Inspector General of Police .
“ But SARS must not be scrapped . We know that there is always the issue of bad eggs among the good ones . So , the police should always investigate every complaint . But SARS must stay . ”
In their remark , another chieftain of the APC , Chief Dumo Lulu-Briggs , observed a reduction in cases of kidnapping and beheading in the state , even as they expressed gratitude to the State Police Commissioner , Mr. Ahmed Zaki , for fighting crime to a standstill .
“ Before now , by 7pm , people have retired back to their homes because of criminals . Today , the tide has been stemmed . Those who are calling for SARS to be removed are those behind the criminal activities . The people of Rivers State are behind you , ” Lulu-Briggs told the police commissioner .
Known for their unique sense of style , Pixie Lott never fails to “ bring it ” when it comes to the fashion department .
And the singer who is engaged to model Oliver Cheshire , 29 , certainly made their mark at Coachella this year .
The star-studded festival is the place to be seen among the showbiz set , and Pixie certainly made sure they were noticed for all the right reasons .
The blonde bombshell , 27 , has been flooding the official Pixie Lott Instagram page with a wealth of sizzling snaps during their time at the annual event .
It was only their third game of the playoffs , and already the New York Rangers looked out of gas .
Credit to the Montreal Canadiens , of course . The Habs smothered the Blueshirts Sunday at MSG , limiting their opponents to just 21 shots in a 3-1 victory .
But now it 's on the Rangers to show that they 're still in the series , that they do have something left in the tank . They were good in Game 1 at Bell Centre , a 2-0 victory , but they lost momentum in Game 2 , a 4-3 overtime loss , and they could n't get it back in Game 3 .
For veteran forward Derek Stepan , it was n't a lack of effort that was to blame .
“ I do n't think we worked smart enough , ” Stepan said , per NHL.com . “ I 've been here for a long time . This group has worked extremely hard . We 've put in solid work throughout the season and in the playoffs . No one is tougher on us than ourselves . We 're working so hard but I think we need to work a little smarter . I do n't think it 's a lack of effort . I think it 's a lack of brain power at times . ”
Meanwhile , it was a defiant Alain Vigneault who met with reporters Monday . The New York media was not kind to the Rangers in the wake of Sunday 's performance , and it sounded like the head coach had read what was written .
“ Obviously , we did n't pick a good time yesterday to have a very ordinary game , ” said Vigneault . “ But tomorrow we 've got an opportunity to make this series 2-2 . And anybody who believes that this group does n't want to play well , does n't want to win , does n't know what they 're talking about . We 're gon na go out and we 're gon na compete … and we 're gon na play a lot better than we did yesterday . ”
Above all , Vigneault wants their team to manage the puck better , after turnovers become a problem in Game 3 . They did not say whether there would be any lineup changes , though common sense says there could be .
The Rangers can ill afford to head back to Montreal trailing 3-1 .
LONDON : Hundreds of people marched silently on Monday ( Aug 14 ) through the west London neighbourhood where a devastating fire in June left at least 80 people dead .
Around 300 people gathered in the shadow of the blackened Grenfell Tower , destroyed by an inferno so fierce that some victims may never be identified .
Marchers passed by posters of those missing and killed , before finishing at a memorial wall . Some people carried banners reading `` Justice for Grenfell '' , while others lit candles .
Clarrie Mendy told AFP they lost two relatives in the fire , including artist Khadija Saye who had lived on the 20th floor of the 24-storey tower .
`` So that 's why I 'm here today . To be part of a community , support , to ensure justice prevails and in honour of my relatives , '' they said .
At least 80 people are believed to have been killed in the fire , but a final death toll is not expected for months as police continue their search of the building .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Investigators said they will use 6mm sieves to pick up fragments such as bones and teeth . Even so , police have admitted it may be impossible to identify all of those who died .
The pace of the probe and the handling of the disaster by the local authority has led to anger within the community , a working-class and poorer enclave in part of Britain 's richest district .
Judy Bolton , taking part in the march , said there had been no tension and the rally was aimed at `` letting the world know we are still here '' .
`` I do n't want the world to forget it , do n't want the nation , the country , to forget it could happen to them also . ''
The rugged wilderness adventure is refreshingly old-fashioned : the kind of movie that makes older film buffs sigh and say , `` They do n't make 'em like that anymore . '' A throwback to the days of macho directors like Howard Hawks and John Ford , the picture tells the true story of the wildfire-fighting Granite Mountain Hotshots , and the deadly 2013 Yarnell Hill fire . Josh Brolin , Miles Teller , Taylor Kitsch , Jeff Bridges , Andie MacDowell and Jennifer Connelly play the brave firefighters and their family members , in an action-packed , at times tear-jerking eco-disaster tale , as much about the relationships between these people as it is about the specifics of extinguishing a blazing inferno — though there 's plenty of the latter as well . `` Only the Brave '' was a box office disappointment when it came out last fall , getting lost among the Oscar bait and holiday blockbusters . That makes it ripe for discovery now that it 's hitting home video .
SINGAPORE : An exceptionally bright Harvest Moon shone in the night sky on Thursday ( Oct 5 ) .
Social media users in Singapore posted stunning photos of the full moon hovering over the city skyline up to the early hours of Friday morning .
The Harvest Moon is the first full moon after the autumnal equinox , which was on Sep 22 this year . Two out of three Harvest Moons appear in September but this is one of the years it occurred in October , according to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration .
Full moon over Singapore tonight pic.twitter.com/6LVYhC1AB6 — Vaishnavi ( @ vaishnavi ) October 5 , 2017
The moon rises closer to sunset during this time , leaving a shorter period of darkness between sunset and the moon rising . Farmers can therefore work longer hours to harvest their crops by the light of this moon .
Arrived in Singapore & the full moon is big & bright . Touch down & told immigration that I 'm just going into town for hawker food . pic.twitter.com/1U1WQnFlsi — Cammie Phan ( @ Chiqee ) October 5 , 2017
Advertisement
Advertisement
The moon was also photographed appearing bright orange or almost red in other parts of the world .
Moon set this morning over downtown San Diego . Single exposure . pic.twitter.com/uoEdZWC33G — Stephen Bay ( @ stephen_bay ) October 5 , 2017
If you would like to send in photos or videos of something newsworthy , WhatsApp our Mediacorp news hotline at +65 8218 8281 or message us on Facebook .
BUFFALO , N.Y. ( WIVB ) – Niagara Falls native Jermaine Crumpton scored 18 points and hauled in 16 rebounds to help Canisius rally from an 11-point deficit for a 73-67 win over Marist on Friday .
Isaiah Reese and Takal Molson each had 21 in the win for the Griffs , who pushed their overall record to 14-9 .
In total , over the final seven minutes Canisius outscored Marist 18-9 — and held the Red Foxes to just three field goals over that span — as they improve to 8-2 in Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference play .
Trailing 58-57 with a little more than five minutes in the game , Jibreel Faulker stole a pass and threw down a dunk to give the Griffs their first lead of the second half at 59-57 .
The Griffs return to action Sunday against Saint Peter 's , which defeated Niagara 58-52 on Friday .
Nominations were announced on Monday for the 2018 Golden Globe awards for movies and television .
LOS ANGELES : Nominations were announced on Monday for the 2018 Golden Globe awards for movies and television .
The Golden Globes , organized by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association , will be presented at a gala dinner hosted by Seth Meyers in Beverly Hills , California , on Jan. 7 .
Following is a list of key film nominations .
BEST DRAMA
`` Call Me by Your Name ''
`` Dunkirk ''
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` The Post ''
`` The Shape of Water ''
`` Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri ''
BEST COMEDY OR MUSICAL
`` The Disaster Artist ''
`` Get Out ''
`` The Greatest Showman ''
`` I , Tonya ''
`` Lady Bird ''
BEST ACTOR , DRAMA
Timothee Chalamet - `` Call Me by Your Name ''
Daniel Day-Lewis - `` Phantom Thread ''
Tom Hanks - `` The Post ''
Gary Oldman - `` Darkest Hour ''
Denzel Washington - `` Roman J. Israel , Esq .
BEST ACTRESS , DRAMA
Jessica Chastain - `` Molly 's Game ''
Sally Hawkins - `` The Shape of Water ''
Frances McDormand - `` Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri ''
Meryl Streep - `` The Post ''
Michelle Williams - `` All the Money in the World ''
BEST ACTOR , COMEDY OR MUSICAL
Steve Carell - `` Battle of the Sexes ''
Ansel Elgort - `` Baby Driver ''
James Franco - `` The Disaster Artist ''
Hugh Jackman - `` The Greatest Showman ''
Daniel Kaluuya - `` Get Out ''
BEST ACTRESS , COMEDY OR MUSICAL
Judi Dench - `` Victoria & Abdul
Helen Mirren - `` The Leisure Seeker ''
Margot Robbie - `` I , Tonya ''
Saoirse Ronan - `` Lady Bird ''
Emma Stone - `` Battle of the Sexes ''
( Reporting by Patricia Reaney ; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn )
Advertisement
The UN Secretary General , António Guterres , has appointed Ms Vera Songwe as the first female Executive Secretary of the Economic Commission for Africa .
A statement on the commision 's website on Monday said that Songwe is a Cameroonian economist and a banking executive .
It also said that they were the first woman to ever be appointed to the position .
Songwe has been working as the International Finance Corporation 's regional director for Africa covering West and Central Africa since 2015 .
They are also a non-resident Senior Fellow at The Brookings Institute : Global Development and Africa Growth Initiative ( since 2011 ) .
Advertisement
The commission said they would be bringing to the position a longstanding track record of policy advice and result oriented implementation in the region , coupled with a strong strategic vision for the region .
Songwe was previously Country Director for Senegal , Cape Verde , The Gambia , Guinea Bissau and Mauritania at the World Bank ( 2012-2015 ) .
They were also the Adviser to the Managing Director of the World Bank for Africa , Europe , Central Asia and South Asia Regions ( 2008-2011 ) and Lead Country Sector Coordinator ( 2005-2008 ) , it added .
More than 2,000 Canadians have ended their lives legally with the help of a doctor , and most of them were suffering from terminal cancer .
According to the latest report from Health Canada , there were 1,982 medically assisted deaths in the one-year period after it became legal in June 2016 . There have been another 167 in Quebec since it was legalized in that province in December 2015 , the report said .
The total has been rising faster , with 803 assisted deaths in the first six months after it became legal nationally and 1,179 in the following six months from January to June 2017 .
That marks a 47 per cent increase , but it still represents less than one per cent of all deaths in Canada .
Cancer was the most common underlying medical condition , representing about 63 per cent of assisted dying cases . That is in line with other international jurisdictions , including Oregon ( 72 per cent ) , Belgium ( 69 per cent ) and the Netherlands ( 71 per cent . )
Other common reasons for having an assisted death are neuro-degenerative disorders and circulatory or respiratory system failures .
People who received medical assistance in dying ranged in age from 18 to 91 .
The majority were between 56 and 85 years old , and the average age was 73 .
More deaths outside hospital
The report also noted an increase in the number of assisted deaths outside of a hospital .
Between Jan. 1 and June 30 , 2017 , about 42 per cent of all assisted deaths occurred in hospital , compared with 50 per cent in the previous six months . Other deaths have taken place in homes , hospices or seniors ' residences .
It 's still too early to say whether that trend “ is the beginning of a longer-term shift attributable to improved system integration and policies designed to facilitate home-based assisted death , ” the report said .
The shift could also be due to other factors “ such as barriers to providing medical assistance in dying in hospitals in some jurisdictions or lack of infrastructure for providing this service in institutions in some smaller communities , ” it said .
Law too restrictive ?
Only five of the reported cases were self-administered deaths , known as assisted suicide . The report notes that health care providers are “ less comfortable ” with self-administration because of concerns about the patient 's ability to properly self-administer the series of medications , and because of the complications that can occur .
No drug commonly used for self-administration in international jurisdictions has been submitted for market approval in Canada , and the report says Health Canada is working with the provincial and territorial governments on “ solutions for access to effective and appropriate drugs for self-administration . ”
Because several provinces do not track the number of requests for assisted death , it is difficult to gauge the ratio of requests that are granted to those that are turned down . But the report noted that the loss of mental competency and the fact that death is not foreseeable are the top reasons for refusal .
The legislation allowing medically assisted death was criticized by some Canadians as too restrictive . The government tasked an independent , arm's-length review of cases involving mature minors , advance requests and cases where mental illness is the sole underlying medical condition .
That study by the Council of Canadian Academies is due to report by December 2018.‎
Shanaaz Gokool , CEO of Dying With Dignity Canada , said that restricting assistance to those whose death is “ reasonably foreseeable ” is unconstitutional and is causing more suffering for people who should qualify for medical assistance .
They said they are troubled that many Canadians have died while waiting for an assisted death .
“ We have been contacted by people from all over the country who have faced barriers to access , ” Gokool told CBC News . “ We know the longer it takes for a person to receive help , the greater the risk may be that they will lose capacity or die before they can access their right to medical assistance in dying . ”
Let 's block ads ! ( Why ? )
CBC | Health News
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
By HYOJUNG MAY LEE
Staff Writer
Would you change the products on your shopping list if your choice is harmful to the environment ?
Having concerns about environmental issues , more and more individuals participate in green consumerism as they check and shop for products with less or no environmental impact .
According to the online blog , Articles Junction , green consumption is defined as “ the practice of using environmentally friendly products that do not cause risk for human health and do not threaten the function of diversity to natural ecosystems . ”
Green consumption covers a full range of activities , including producing goods , the efficient use of resources , reusing or recycling materials and the protection of nature .
Environmental issues are influenced by large companies and governments .
However , consumers have a significant influence on the flow of goods in the marketplace as market trends are determined by consumers ' demand .
Now , consumers have not only the right to buy the products they desire , but also the responsibility for their choice of products .
How can you be a green consumer ?
There are plenty of ways you can help .
“ I 'm as environmentally friendly as I can be , ” said Alyssa Levasseur , a first-year Horticulture Technician program student . “ If something has a recycle symbol on it , that 's good . ”
Some steps to being a green consumer are to , “ Buy organic stuff , and do n't support big companies that you know do bad things . And just make conscious choices . Think about what 's going to happen in five years with that product , ” said Levasseur .
Sercan Cakiroglu , an English for Academic Preparation student , strictly regulates their shopping list when they choose food .
“ When I go to grocery shopping , I always try to buy organic food . Organic or natural products seem to be expensive , but not all of them . I buy them because it 's healthier and environmentally friendly . ”
They continued : “ I think we should n't use the stuff that is damaging the environment too much like spray products and deodorants ( with harmful chemicals ) . It has a negative effect on the environment . ”
Organic ingredients or materials are normally considered to be beneficial for nature and our health because they are grown without toxic pesticides or herbicides that hurt or deplete the ecosystem .
Selecting products made of recyclable materials is also a good habit to practice . Those materials include glass , wood , metal or plastic . If you ever consciously look at packages on items , you would find there are the recycling symbols or other environmental labels on them .
Items with environmental symbols are less likely to affect the environment .
Considering a product that harms the environment as little as possible is the start of becoming a green consumer .
Levasseur said they think that each person has a responsibility .
“ I feel like I have to do something even if ( it 's ) just a little bit . If everybody does something little that 's bad , it adds up , ” they said .
“ People are less concerned . They do n't think it 's happening . ‘ Oh , it does n't really affect me . It 's not going to happen to me in my lifetime . ' So they just buy whatever . I think we should get more people to be proactive about it and talk about it . There is a lot of evidence , ” said Levasseur .
Cakiroglu said , “ Many environmental issues have a correlation with global warming . I do n't want to make it happen . ”
Here are some everyday products you may want to avoid in order to protect the environment :
Facial cleansers with microbeads
Shampoos and soaps with sulfates
Deodorants with triclosan
Lip balm derived from petroleum
Moisturizers containing palm oil
2 c. granulated sugar
3 large eggs , room temperature
3/4 c. unsalted butter , room temperature
1 tsp . pure almond extract
2 tsp . pure vanilla extract
2 c. all-purpose flour
1 12-oz . bag cranberries
1 c. sliced almonds
Preheat oven to 350 degrees .
Butter a 9 x 13-inch baking pan and set aside .
In a large mixing bowl , beat sugar and eggs for 5 minutes with an electric mixer on medium .
The volume of the mixture will increase by almost half and will be thickened .
Do not skip this step .
The eggs will work as the leavening the cake needs to rise .
Add butter and extracts and beat for 2 more minutes .
Slowly add flour and beat until combined .
Fold in cranberries .
Using a spatula , pour and smooth into prepared pan .
Sprinkle almonds over the top .
Bake for 40 to 45 minutes , until a toothpick comes out clean .
Columnist Mike Smyth writes about the B.C . government 's announcement to continue construction of the $ 10-billion Site C dam .
Somewhere , Christy Clark must be laughing their head off right about now .
The former Liberal premier suffered a dizzying fall from power after the election last May , but the most solemn vow they made in office came prophetically true on Monday .
Premier John Horgan announced the new NDP government will complete construction of the Site C dam , the $ 10.7-billion behemoth on the Peace River started by Clark 's Liberals three years ago .
Never mind that Horgan and the NDP said the dam was too expensive , too harmful to the environment and agricultural land , trampled on the rights of First Nations and that we did n't need the power anyway .
It was Clark who solemnly vowed — at the memorial service for the late former premier Bill Bennett , no less — to push the Site C dam “ past the point of no return . ”
And that 's exactly what they did . Horgan was forced to admit Clark had cooked an omelette they simply could n't unscramble .
“ It must be completed , ” Horgan said at a gloomy news conference in the legislative library , where cabinet ministers George Heyman and Michelle Mungall — both high-profile opponents of the dam — stood next to them in an apparent state of grief .
B.C . Hydro has already spent $ 2 billion on construction and said it would cost another $ 2 billion to cancel the project and return the sprawling worksite back to its natural condition .
That would have been $ 4 billion for nothing , something Horgan said would have triggered a 12-per-cent jump in Hydro rates and forced a possible credit downgrade on the province 's debt .
A rate hike like that would cost the average household another $ 200 a year on their electricity bills . But , even worse according to Horgan , it would have plunged the government into a black hole of deepening debt and rising interest rates .
That would have blocked the government from building new schools and hospitals and from delivering on their much-hyped $ 10-a-day child care promise , Horgan said .
“ I and my colleagues have to accept the situation as we find it , not how we wish it would be , ” they said .
“ Although Site C is not the project we would have favoured or started , it must be completed to meet the objectives our government has set . ”
The announcement set off an expected wave of bitter condemnation from opponents of the dam , and happy celebration from its supporters .
“ Affirming the construction of Site C is the right decision for the future of our province , ” said Iain Black , president of the Greater Vancouver Board of Trade , adding it was a “ responsible fiscal decision ” and will help the economy .
The province 's big construction groups were also happy to hear they will keep their jobs and contracts .
“ With so much at stake for our province , better late than never for John Horgan , ” said Chris Gardner , president of the Independent Contractors and Businesses Association .
But local landowners , environmental groups and key First Nations were furious .
The David Suzuki Foundation said Horgan should have cancelled the dam and built wind turbines instead .
And two First Nations — West Moberly and Prophet River — said they will sue the government and seek a court injunction to stop construction of the dam .
At the legislature , the opposition Liberals played I-told-you-so after Horgan made their announcement .
“ It 's unfortunate we had to wait six months for an obvious decision , ” said Liberal critic Tracy Redies , who warned any budget overruns on the project would be the NDP 's fault and not the Liberals ' .
Is there any doubt more red ink will be spilled ? The price tag of the dam has already soared from $ 8.3 billion to $ 10.7 billion and it wo n't even be completed for another seven years .
And then there was Green party Leader Andrew Weaver , who expressed outrage at the decision to complete the dam , but said they wo n't pull their support for the minority NDP government .
“ Does this mean we 're going to topple the government ? No , ” Weaver said .
“ We 're not elected to pretend we 're playing baseball and I have the bat and ball and I am going to pick it up and go home . ”
Most magnanimous . But I 'd say there are few people who look more foolish in this entire affair than Weaver .
Weaver could have demanded Horgan kill the Site C dam as their price for supporting the NDP in their power-sharing agreement . I asked them why they did n't and their answer was amazing .
“ What would our trump card be if they said No ? ” they asked .
The “ trump card ” would have been refusing to prop up the NDP government , of course . If Weaver had done that , Horgan would have folded like a cheap lawn chair .
Instead , B.C . will get the dam Christy Clark pushed past the point of no return . They will all blame each other when it goes even more drastically over budget .
msmyth @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/MikeSmythNews
WASHINGTON : President Donald Trump ratcheted up trade tensions with China on Monday ( Aug 14 ) , ordering an investigation into Beijing 's practices on intellectual property at a time when relations are already strained over North Korea .
Trump signed a memorandum directing US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer to determine whether Chinese policies hurt American investors or companies - with retaliatory measures a possible outcome .
`` We will stand up to any country that unlawfully forces American companies to transfer their valuable technology as a condition of market access . We will combat the counterfeiting and piracy that destroys American jobs , '' Trump said .
`` We will safeguard the copyrights , patents , trademarks , trade secrets and other intellectual property that is so vital to our security and to our prosperity .
`` Washington will turn a blind eye no longer , '' Trump insisted .
Trump said the US would no longer tolerate Beijing 's `` theft '' of US industrial secrets , long a concern of major foreign corporations seeking a share of the huge Chinese market .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` We will engage in a thorough investigation and , if needed , take action to preserve the future of US industry , '' Lighthizer said .
Beijing fired a pre-emptive strike , warning `` everybody will lose '' in the event of a trade war between the world 's two largest economies .
`` China and the US should continue to work together for the stable and sound development of China-US economic relations , '' said foreign ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying .
`` Fighting a trade war has no future . There will be no winner , '' they added , noting that all World Trade Organisation members must respect its rules .
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
The United States is China 's second-largest trading partner after the European Union , but Washington and Beijing have seen their relations grow increasingly fraught since a promising summit between Trump and China 's Xi Jinping in April .
MULTIPLE TRADE DISPUTES
The new intellectual property inquiry joins numerous investigations launched by Washington into Chinese trade practices , notably those concerning steel and aluminum and their national security consequences , which the Trump administration began earlier this year .
However , the start of a US inquiry will not immediately result in open confrontation .
Lighthizer will first need to reach a preliminary finding of unfair practices by China before opening a formal investigation , which could take as much as a year , administration officials said .
Since launching their successful run for the White House and then taking office , Trump has frequently accused China of undermining the US economy .
The bilateral US trade deficit with China approached US $ 350 billion in 2016 , and Trump has repeatedly blamed Chinese imports for gutting employment in US sectors such as steel .
Last week , Washington announced preliminary sanctions against Chinese imports of aluminium foil . But so far , the US has not imposed heavier trade measures on Chinese goods .
NORTH KOREA A BARGAINING CHIP ?
On Thursday , Trump reiterated the suggestion that they could soften their position on trade if Beijing were to do more to help rein in nuclear-armed North Korea . `` If China helps us , I feel a lot differently toward trade , '' they said .
China said it would halt iron , iron ore and seafood imports from North Korea starting on Tuesday , in accordance with new UN sanctions that Beijing voted to approve .
US administration officials , however , have denied any link between the latest trade action and Pyongyang 's nuclear ambitions .
Beijing echoed this view on Monday , with the foreign ministry saying the two matters were `` totally different . ''
Despite Monday 's expected action , Trump has so far refrained from making good on threats of retaliatory trade measures against China .
This includes in particular concerns over Beijing 's requirement that foreign companies establish local joint ventures . According to Washington , this can mean surrendering technological know-how to Chinese partners .
CEBU Gov . Hilario Davide III has approved the request of Daanbantayan Mayor Vicente Loot for Capitol to help fund the town\ 's Tribu Kandaya Sinulog contingent .
But instead of the P500,000 initially requested by Loot , the provincial government will provide half the amount or P250,000 .
Tribu Kandaya will compete under the Free Interpretation Category of Sinulog 2018 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Loot , in an interview , said they sought the governor 's help after assessing that current funds were not enough to cover the costs needed to mount the town 's Sinulog performance .
Daanbantayan traditionally spends more than P1 million to send participants to compete in the Sinulog grand parade .
“ We 're aspiring to bring back the old glory in which Daanbantayan is known for . We 're here to ask help from the governor because we can not do it all alone , and we 're also representing the province of Cebu , ” said Loot .
Daanbantayan 's most recent feat was in Sinulog 2015 when elementary students from Maya Elementary School bagged fifth place , and received P50,000 as cash prize .
Davide assured that Capitol was willing to help any local government unit ( LGU ) which needed assistance for Sinulog .
“ Why not ? Tuburan asked before , ” added Davide .
In 2014 , Tuburan Mayor Democrito Diamante also sought financial assistance from the provincial government after the town 's expenses for their Sinulog contingent reached about P4 million .
Audible.com best-sellers for week ending February 10 :
Fiction
1 . Norse Mythology by Neil Gaiman , narrated by the author ( HarperAudio )
2 . Echoes in Death by J.D . Robb , narrated by Susan Ericksen ( Brilliance Audio )
Advertisement
3 . A Cold Day for Murder by Dana Stabenow , narrated by Marguerite Gavin ( Brilliance Audio )
4 . With Love from the Inside by Angela Pisel , narrated by Carol Monda and Andi Arndt ( Blackstone Audio )
5 . The Handmaid 's Tale by Margaret Atwood , narrated by Claire Danes ( Audible Studios )
6 . The Chemist by Stephenie Meyer , narrated by Ellen Archer ( Hachette Audio )
7 . 1984 by George Orwell , narrated by Simon Prebble ( Blackstone Audio , Inc . )
8 . God 's Crazy Parlour of Sweet Consent : The Book of Ning-Ning by Dean Moriarty , narrated by Gary Roelofs ( Dean Moriarty )
9 . Stories of Your Life and Others by Ted Chiang , narrated by Abby Craden and Todd McLaren ( Tantor Audio )
10 . King 's Cage by Victoria Aveyard , narrated by Amanda Dolan , Adenrele Ojo , and Erin Spencer ( HarperAudio )
Nonfiction
1 . The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F ( asterisk ) ck : A Counterintuitive Approach to Living a Good Life by Mark Manson , narrated by Roger Wayne ( Harper Audio )
2 . Up from Slavery by Booker T. Washington , narrated by Noah Waterman ( Blackstone Audio , Inc . )
3 . Born a Crime : Stories from a South African Childhood by Trevor Noah , narrated by the author ( Audible Studios )
4 . Born for This : How to Find the Work You Were Meant to Do by Chris Guillebeau , narrated by Mike Chamberlain ( Chris Gilleneau )
5 . Pets on the Couch : Neurotic Dogs , Compulsive Cats , Anxious Birds , and the New Science of Animal Psychology by Nicholas Dodman , narrated by James Langton ( Brookstone Audio )
6 . Hillbilly Elegy : A Memoir of a Family and Culture in Crisis by J.D . Vance , narrated by the author ( HarperAudio )
7 . How to Win Friends and Influence People by Dale Carngie , narrated by Andrew MacMillan ( Simon & Schuster Audio )
8 . Hidden Figures : The American Dream and the Untold Story of the Black Women Mathematicians Who Helped Win the Space Race by Margot Lee Shetterly , narrated by Robin Miles ( HarperAudio )
9 . The Power of Habit by Charles Duhigg , narrated by Mike Chamberlain ( Random House Audio )
10 . Forget a Mentor , Find a Sponsor : The New Way to Fast-Track Your Career by Sylvia Ann Hewlett , narrated by Karen Saltus ( Gildan Media , LLC )
______
Cara MacDonald
The first-year student 15 — a well-known title for the fresh students entering the world of late nights , tight budgets , a demanding social life and plenty of cheap , greasy food . If you are unfamiliar with the first-year student 15 , it refers to incoming college students who typically gain 15 pounds their first year due to bad eating habits . There seems to be a common assumption that as soon as you get into college , all commitment to eating healthy goes out the window and pizza becomes your one and only cuisine , but that 's not the case . It is possible to live off of a low budget and still maintain a healthy diet . So go ahead and throw out that $ 8 box of ramen noodles , because I have some insight for you .
Let 's face it , fatty foods can be mouthwatering and irresistible at times . Yes , turning into Homer Simpson after seeing a Dunkin ' Donuts commercial is totally normal and , hey , sometimes a hangover doughnut is necessary . But I promise that as soon as you replace soda with seltzer water , Pringles for protein bars and Rice-A-Roni for plain brown rice , your taste pallet will change , and you 'll begin to desire healthier foods that 'll help you function well in college .
It is essential that if you are going to cook for yourself every day ( the healthiest option ) , you will need a few powerful spices to make that chicken and brown rice not taste so bland . Salt , pepper , sugar and cinnamon are an obvious must , but another few that will make things taste better are turmeric , thyme leaves , nutmeg , oregano , ginger and rosemary . Some other necessities are olive oil , vinegar and cooking oil .
Keep in mind when you 're not living at home and have a few roommates , there is limited space in the fridge for food . I would like to say keep Costco or Sam 's Club as your best friend , but sometimes , there just is n't enough room for those two in your food friend group . Walmart on the other hand , consider as your numero uno , your ride or die , your partner in crime . On my bi-weekly hangouts with Walmart , I usually stock up on canned tuna fish , dijon mustard , chicken breasts , two cabbages , beans , avocados , tomatoes , eggs , shredded cheese , stinky cheese , fruits and veggies of your choice , whole wheat tortillas and low fat whole grain bread .
This list may seem bland , but the plethora of recipes out there that use these exact ingredients will blow your mind . Myfridgefood.com is a website I typically use to find yummy , healthy recipes . It allows you to plug in the ingredients you have in your kitchen , and it will generate hundreds of healthy options . Keep this shopping list posted on your fridge amongst the cheesy wedding announcements and weird family Christmas cards . I assure you instead of waking up one morning realizing you 've fallen victim to the first-year student 15 and that you have less money in your bank than you weigh , you 'll instead be proud of the healthy recipes you learned , and you 'll have a suprisingly heavier wallet . By next summer , in addition to beer pong bragging rights , you will also gain the title of self-proclaimed chef .
letters @ chronicle.utah.edu
Print | E-mail | Single Page
I met Baba Harikishan , the head of the Gathwala khap of the Malik Jat community on 8 February 2017 . The Malik Jats make up a majority of the residents in over 25 villages in the Shamli constituency of Muzaffarnagar district in western Uttar Pradesh . As Harikishan reclined on a charpoy laid out in the February sun , facing the hookah that had been set up for him , they let their eldest son Rajinder , who will head the khap after him , do the talking . “ Biradari ek saath ho gayi hai—the community has come together . ”
Rajinder was referring not only to their fellow Jats in Lisarh—a village near the town of Shamli—but to much of the community in western UP , which is consolidating behind Ajit Singh 's Rashtriya Lok Dal . However , the reasons they invoked for this support were specific to Shamli and a few of the surrounding constituencies that had been affected by the 2013 Muzaffarnagar violence . “ The BJP won the 2014 elections because it became a Hindu-Muslim election . But not once have Modi , Amit Shah or Rajnath spoken out publicly in favour of those Jats who have been implicated in false cases by this state government , ” Rajinder said .
In August 2013 , communal clashes broke out in Muzaffarnagar district after an altercation—the descriptions of which range from a traffic accident to an instance of eve-teasing—between Jat and Muslim youths . The incident resulted in the deaths of two young Jat men and one Muslim youth . In response , a number of Jat-affiliated organisations called a mahapanchayat—a large-scale political meeting—on 7 September at Nagla-Mandaur village . That day , a lakh-and-a-half people arrived to attend the mahapanchayat , many of them armed . At the meeting , several speeches revolved around saving Hindu daughters and daughters-in-law from Muslim men . As the Jats were returning from the mahapanchayat in the evening , angry Muslims attacked them . In the ensuing violence , tractor trollies and motorcycles were set on fire , and 13 Hindu men were killed . Late that night and the next morning , Jats in nearby villages launched a retaliatory attack on Muslims . Nearly fifty people were murdered , a number of women allegedly raped , and scores of people displaced .
Lisarh witnessed some of the worst violence during these riots . A Jat resident took me past a charred , abandoned brick house , and said , very matter-of-factly , “ After the violence on the night of the seventh , the Muslims fled from the village leaving a few of the elderly behind . A mob from the village gathered here , herded them together and set the house on fire . Twelve men were charred to death . ”
A report published on The New York Times ' India-focussed website , India Ink , in September 2013 , quoted Mohammad Yamin , whose wife , the grandmother of a 15-year-old , had refused to leave Lisarh with their family . Recounting what their neighbours had told him , Yamin said , “ When they saw the attackers coming , they tried to climb a stairway to seek refuge in the house next door. ” The story noted that Yamin 's wife had polio and diabetes , which made movement difficult for them “ They dragged them down , violated them and burned their alive inside , ” Yamin continued . According to the news report , the mob had gathered after announcements were made over a loudspeaker , asking Hindus to get together and kill Muslims , allegedly “ at the behest of Ajeet Singh , the village chief and another man who is a leader of a khap panchayat . ”
Another young man from Lisarh told me that over a hundred cases had been filed against men from the village but “ nothing has happened . Even my name was on the list . I managed to pay the police and get my name removed from the list , as did many others , but even the rest are out on bail . ”
When the violence broke out , there were close to 2,000 Muslims living in the village , most of them artisans and labourers . Not one has returned . An old idgah on the outskirts of the village lies locked up , the overgrown vegetation is already threatening to take over the building . Of the three mosques in the village , one has been encroached upon and taken over . Lane after lane of abandoned houses line the village , awaiting the same fate .
The man showing me around was dismissive of the plight of the Muslims , “ They 've got more compensation than they could have dreamed of , why will they return ? '' This is a prevailing sentiment that has existed since the time of the riots . A report published by a fact-finding team of academics and journalists in December 2013 stated that the team had visited the twin villages of Hussainpur and Mohammadpur Raisingh on 10 November . That day , according to the report , “ A meeting of 35 biradaris ( communities representing different Jat Khaps and other castes ) was to take place. ” It noted , “ A crowd of over 350 comprising mainly the Khap leaders , Jat village pradhans , leaders of some other castes such as the Brahmins , Thakurs and Gujjars and some of their supporters had assembled for the panchayat at Mohammadpur Raisingh . They came from different villages of Muzaffarnagar , Shamli and other districts of western UP , as also from Haryana. ” The reported stated that the khap meeting took place in the hall of a Shiva temple in the village and that it “ was presided over by Baba Harkishan Singh , the chief of Gathwala Khap. ” “ The others present included Naresh Tikait of the Baliyan khap and a leader of Bhartiya Kisan Union ( BKU ) , Durga Mal ( from Bainswal , one of the villages badly affected by the violence ) , ” it continued . The fact-finding team also added that the general emphasis of the speeches veered around the themes of : “ Muslims are not returning to villages due to the greed of compensation ; that Jats are being subjected to injustice ; about how patriotic Jats are and that they ca n't compromise with self-respect especially if the issue of bahu , beti and izzat is involved . ”
It is this perceived sense of Jat self-respect and its betrayal by the Bharatiya Janata Party that has seen support mount for the RLD in the riot-affected areas of western UP . The RLD candidate from Shamli , Bijendra Singh , is a Malik . They are opposed by Pankaj Malik of the Congress-Samajwadi Party alliance , and the BJP 's Tejendra Nirwal , who is seen as a candidate handpicked by the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh . Two other candidates , the BSP 's Mohammad Islam and Manish Kumar , an independent , are also serious contenders . In a five-way split of votes , the backing of the estimated 70,000 Jats and the 70,000 Muslims of this constituency is crucial .
Prashant Malik , a young Jat in Lisarh who is among the few not backing Bijendra , told me , “ It was different in 2014 when the Jats were all for the BJP . But the BJP has done nothing to establish a presence in the villages . Even those who were once closely involved with the BJP have forsaken it. ” Kirsanpal , from the village of Makhmoolpur , was once an active member of the Gau Sewa Abhiyan , a group of cow vigilantes that worked with the local unit of the Vishwa Hindu Parishad . “ Once just five of us traveled to Budhana and knocked sense into the head of 15 Muslims in the trade , ” they said . “ But I soon realised that no one was interested and the officials of this government were not helpful . In any case , the VHP has hardly any presence in the villages . Now I am back with the RLD . ”
Yet , it is clear to everyone in the constituency that this overwhelming Jat support can not result in an RLD victory without other communities voting for the party . Prashant said , “ The elections are on Saturday and all depends on the call that goes out during the Friday prayers. ” While the RLD may still hope for Muslim support , it is unlikely to get it . What it might make feasible—thanks to the Jat votes it will probably take away—is a defeat for the BJP . This possible BJP defeat though , irrespective of who wins , will be no secular victory .
Pen Riders GOTTSCH CATTLE FEEDERS LLC Red Cloud , NE is currently looking to hire ...
Pen Rider , Flaker Operator , Mill ... Full-Time PEN RIDER , FLAKER OPERATOR , MILL FACILITIES MAINTENANCE , AND FEED ...
Equipment Operators / Truck Drivers Multiple positions available for EQUIPMENT OPERATORS & TRUCK DRIVERS w ...
Truck Driver Johnston Family Farms is looking for an Experienced Retired Truck Driver or ...
Classified Sales Specialisty The Classified Department at Tri-State Livestock News / The Fence Post has ...
Cow Camp Cowboy To care for cattle on forest allotment . June 15th- Oct 1st . Must have own ...
Pen Riders Dinklage Feedyard in Proctor , Colorado is seeking applications for Pen ...
Farm Hand Heritage Farms Partnership in Limon , CO is looking for a Full-Time Farm Hand ...
Farm/Ranch Help Wanted Full-Time Position on Farm/Ranch Cow/Calf Feedyard Operation 10 ...
Ready Mix Drivers Ready Mix Delivery Drivers Pete Lien & Sons Ready Mix is seeking ...
Full-Time / Part-Time Full-Time / Part-Time Position open at Martin Livestock Auction - Martin , SD ...
Ranch Employee WANTED : Full-Time Experienced RANCH EMPLOYEE needed for working ...
Caretaker Team Positions are best suited for a couple who will live full time on the ...
Experienced Ranch Hand Responsibilities include , but not limited to : Mechanic , equipment operator , ...
A new report has confirmed that Solar is now the fastest growing energy source in the world , and is making a major impact in Africa . The International Energy Agency 's 2017 report ( http : //APO.af/inLXNs ) on renewables forecasts that off-grid solar capacity in Africa is set to almost triple in the next five years , saying that it will “ bring basic electricity services to almost 70 million more people in Asia and sub Saharan Africa ” .
The IEA has found that the amount of power from solar grew by more than 50 % , and has officially increased energy output globally at a faster rate than any other fuel . The report specifically highlights off-grid solar as a ‘ dynamic ' sector set to accelerate this growth .
Lumos ( www.Lumos-Global.com ) , a company that offers one of the fastest growing off-grid solar services in Africa , is at the forefront of this expansion . Lumos launched its Mobile Electricity Service and the Y'ello Box in partnership with MTN in Nigeria earlier this year . The device transforms the sun 's energy into electricity and is paid for via your mobile phone .
According to the IEA , off-grid capacity in Africa and Asia is set to reach “ over 3000 MW in 2022. ” CEO of Lumos Nigeria , Yuri Tsitrinbaum , said : “ This is the latest evidence that off-grid solar is providing the answer to growing energy demand in Africa . There is no other option available that can provide energy that is as affordable , reliable , and clean . ”
“ We are changing the way people access electricity , and this is only the beginning . Mobile phones improved millions of lives , and now we are seeing the same thing with mobile electricity . ”
Lumos Mobile Electricity Service is available at MTN stores across Nigeria . By subscribing to the service , customers get one of the revolutionary Y'ello Box systems that converts solar energy into electricity for the home , paid for by phone credit and a simple text message . It 's reliable , affordable and powerful .
The IEA report projects that over the next five years , services like Lumos will be the catalysts and drivers of innovative payment solutions that can allow low-income populations access to electricity .
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
UNDERPAID : Police officers are moonlighting as cabbies to “ make ends meet ”
More than 300 Met cops have declared business interests as professional drivers or chauffeurs , including working with Uber .
They are among thousands of officers who take on other work to earn extra cash .
These include one working as a comedian and others with roles as bodyguards and slimming guides .
Across England and Wales , there are believed to be around 20,000 officers with second jobs .
The annual Boys Scouts of America Dinner was held Thursday at St. Mary Senior Citizens Center in Morgan City . The dinner , sponsored by Morgan City Rotary Club , raised money for the Evangeline Area Council , Boy Scouts of America .
Krispy Kreme is no stranger to adding new flavors . There were green donuts for St. Patrick 's Day , gingerbread donuts for Christmas , Oreo donuts for Valentine 's Day , and Nutella donuts sold abroad , just because . Now , just in time for those springtime Easter Egg hunts , Krispy Kreme is creating a donut based on an all-time favorite Easter candy .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Starting March 19 and running for a limited time , Krispy Kreme will sell the Reese 's Peanut Butter Egg donut . The donut has an unglazed shell , is stuffed with a blend of peanut butter “ kreme , ” dipped in chocolate icing , and decorated like an Easter egg . Not to ruin your springtime fun , but it packs in 380 calories and 22 grams of fat . If you were planning on chowing down on Easter candy anyway , you now can do so in ( delicious looking ) donut form .
That 's not the only donut on offer for springtime , either . Right now , you can pick up a Chick Spring donut , that looks like an adorable baby chick , and a Sprinkles Spring donut with multi-colored sprinkles and chocolate icing .
Krispy Kreme is also about to roll out a new Lemon Glaze donut , which won an online vote to be sold in stores , beating caramel , blueberry , and maple . Those will go on sale from Monday , April 23 through Sunday , April 29 . Plus , the company is teasing two other flavors that feature , according to a press release , ” some of America 's most popular cookies. ” But they 're staying mum about details for now .
Follow Delish on Instagram .
Download the Delish app .
Depending on where you grew up or have lived for a number of years , you might be more familiar with certain sayings , words , and phrases , or use them more frequently . In parts of the Midwest , for example , a water fountain is a `` bubbler . '' And while it can be a little bit jarring and confusing to hear these new-to-you phrases or sayings and not necessarily know quite what they mean , there might be some that you should start incorporating into your conversations , beginning with these charming Southern sayings you should start using regularly .
Some sayings or phrases that are attributed to a particular region where you 've never lived might already sound familiar to you , because in some cases , they 've spread far beyond their region , state , or city of origin . When people move around , they might take some of the language with which they grew up with them . And though people sometimes intentionally drop words , phrases , or even pronunciations and accents to try to fit in better in their new home , some phrases still manage to make it into a broader , more national conversation . These Southern sayings may or may not be familiar to you now , but they 're definitely phrases with which you should become better acquainted .
1 Sweeter Than Stolen Honey Giphy How charming is the phrase , `` sweeter than stolen honey ? '' In its round-up of `` colorful Texas sayings , '' Texas Monthly noted that this sweet phrase is used to indicate that something is good , which probably comes as no surprise because this phrase is clearly a positive one .
2 Bless Your Heart Giphy Chances are you 've heard this once or twice before . And while I hope it was n't directed at you ( because if it was , it was n't a compliment ) , it 's just about the most polite way to insult , look down upon , or generally dismiss someone or their opinions or efforts .
3 Madder Than A Wet Hen Giphy If you 've never spent much time around hens or chickens before , you might not intuitively know what they 're like when they 've gotten wet , but , luckily , the `` madder than '' part of that phrase clues you in as to what it means . Plus , Southern Living noted that wet hens really are awfully mad , and who am I to question that sort of expertise ?
4 Are n't You A Peach ? Giphy Again , this one might sound familiar to you . And while comparing you to a peach might be something you should take as a compliment , this phrase is n't always meant to be taken that way . Bravo TV 's Jet Set blog noted that this phrase can go either way and the context is important : it can either be a well-intended compliment or a major insult .
5 More Twists Than A Pretzel Factory Giphy As the previously-mentioned Texas Monthly article noted , this interesting phrase is often used when someone is being dishonest . While it may or may not be regionally correct , I could also see this being used when something is confusing or there was a twist you were n't expecting .
6 If The Creek Do n't Rise Giphy This is sometimes part of a longer phrase , but can also be used on its own . As the asupervisorstioned article from Southern Living noted , it essentially means that you 'll be there or do that as long as something that 's uncontrollably or unpredictable does n't prevent it .
7 It 's All Catawampus Giphy The word `` catawampus '' might be one that you 've heard before with a slight variation : `` cattywampus . '' Dictionary.com noted that `` catawampus '' means that something is askew or out of place . The article also noted that British mimicking of Southern phrases might have been what made this phrase a bit more well-known , but it 's still something that 's considered Southern here in the United States .
This custom creation is called the “ Crudebaker ” and was built by David Colvin . The project 's basis is a 1946 Studebaker M16 previously used for septic service . Under the body is a custom chassis built with International school bus axles in front and back . The custom chassis allowed them to install a 14.0 L ( 852 ci ) Detroit Diesel 12V-71 V12 . This engine produces around 450 horsepower and 1,290 lb-ft ( 1750 Nm ) of torque . Behind the large engine sits an Allison four-speed automatic transmission . Listen as David explains how the project came to be .
Source : David Colvin
Have your say
You turned out in your thousands to celebrate the town 's annual carnival .
But did we catch you on our camera soaking up the festivities ?
The carnival parade took place this weekend .
Read more : Carnival time ! Here 's your thoughts on Hartlepool 's colourful event
The music , the fancy dress and ( of course ) the finery of the parade .
Take a look at our pictures of the fun in action - and see if you can spot anyone you know !
Read more : Thousands turn out for Hartlepool Carnival finale
The star has been hit by reports she 's expecting just weeks after meeting their new fiancé
It 's been a whirlwind few days for Danniella Westbrook after the former EastEnders star announced they had got ENGAGED to their toyboy boyfriend of just a few weeks , Alan Thomason .
But after shock reports emerged that the actor was also pregnant with 34-year-old Alan 's child – Danniella has hit back at the claims in a VERY fiery way .
Appearing on Good Morning Britain on Monday opposite hosts Jeremy Kyle and Kate Garraway , the CBB star blasted : ‘ If you believe everything you read in the papers , apparently today I 'm pregnant ' .
Read : All the Latest Celebrity News
Before adding : ‘ I 'm just fat at the moment… because I 'm happy . '
Telly presenter Jeremy then bluntly asked her : ‘ Are you pregnant ? ' to which they snapped back : ‘ Not the last time I looked , no ! ' The public denial comes after The Sun reported that 44-year-old Danniella – who is already mum to Kai , 21 , and Jody , 15 – was set to welcome their first child with Alan . More : Danniella Westbrook blasts their new fiancé 's ex-girlfriend amid claims they were ALREADY engaged to them Despite confirming they are n't expecting , the TV star gushed about their engagement , telling Jeremy that she 's really enjoying being around ‘ good people ' at the moment . To which Jez then replied : ‘ I hope he 's the one – I really mean that ' , before saying : ‘ Love you ! ' and giving them a high five .
News of the engagement broke last week , when pictures obtained by The Sun saw the star wearing a HUGE ring while frolicking in the sea on holiday in Spain .
The actor then seemingly confirmed the news , Tweeting a sweet picture of the pair along with the message : ‘ He completes me ' .
However it has n't been plain sailing for the loved-up couple as rumours began circulating that Alan was still engaged – and that their fiancee only found out about their romance with Danniella through the press .
‘ I left to visit my family four weeks ago and they proposed to me at Alicante airport , ' Charlene Whyment told The Sun over the weekend .
Before adding : ‘ I thought we were madly in love and I thought it was forever . I 'm in complete shock at what I 've seen . '
Of course , Danniella quickly addressed the claims and hit back with the brutal Tweet : ‘ So heart broken they sold a story enjoy your ££ cos I 'm enjoying ur ex 100 % … Oh & ur invites in the post . '
Eeek ! Let 's hope Danniella has finally found The One .
Riders from Fairlight Hall Riding for the Disabled Group competed at the RDA 's South East Region 's sixth annual Endurance Ride .
The event enjoyed splendid sunshine and saw 1km , 2km and 3km rides on paths and tracks across the gorgeous setting of fields and woodland on Underriver Farm near Sevenoaks , courtesy of Sophie and Charles Honnywill .
Riding for the disabled 2 SUS-180407-125410001
Joanna Sale , from Riding for the Disabled , said : “ Feedback from the day was very positive , particularly given the wonderful Kent countryside that the riders were able to appreciate at its best .
“ Endurance is about personal bests so everyone enjoyed winning a certificate and rosette , though all those in the 3km class also managed to complete the ride within the optimum time .
“ Working with Endurance GB , this event offers RDA riders a new and different discipline , extending their knowledge of horsemanship into areas such as heart rates , metabolic rates and dehydration .
“ It also demands a greater level of understanding of timing and pacing . This event was in the ‘ Getting Started ' level , offering riders in the region and introduction to the sport . ”
The competition 's organiser , Gilly Roper , said “ Everyone seemed to really enjoy it so it was very worthwhile and lovely to see so many new faces . We were also lucky to be able to enjoy a brilliant venue at the home of one of our coaches ” .
Joanna Sale said : “ Riding can bring a new dimension to necessarily restricted lives , encourage independence and does much to improve a wide range of medical conditions . We have the commitment of more than 1,000 volunteers .
Benefit from an ongoing discount on your Observer series titles by joining our voucher membership scheme . Once you 've subscribed we 'll send you dated vouchers which can be exchanged for your paper at any news outlet . To save money on your Observer simply click here ( www.localsubsplus.co.uk )
There 's been much debate about whether the van attack that has left Toronto in tears was terrorism — or not .
So far it does n't appear that suspect Alek Minassian , 25 , was driven by the typical reasons for terrorism . Nor did they apparently belong to any terror-affiliated groups .
But if terror is designed to terrify , Minassian — charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder — succeeded .
Toronto Sun Editor-in-Chief Adrienne Batra asks National Comment Editor Anthony Furey if the attack was terrorism .
“ You bet it was , ” Furey said . “ It may not fit the typical definitions of terrorism defined by the criminal code . But this is a guy who took this straight from the terror extremists ' playbook . ”
BUFFALO , N.Y. ( WIVB ) – The world 's top pinball players will travel to Buffalo this weekend for the Buffalo Pinball Summer Open '17 .
More than 100 local , national , and international players will compete in the event from Aug. 18 to Aug. 20 at Pocketeer Billiards and Bar , 2444 Clinton St .
Players will compete for cash prizes , trophies , points toward the annual PAPA Circuit standings and Wold Pinball Player Ranking Points .
The event will consist of three tournaments- a single , main tournament , finals , and two classics tournaments .
For more information , visit http : //www.buffalopinball.com/papacircuit .
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said on Monday they were confident their government 's one-seat majority was safe , despite questions over their deputy 's citizenship which could disqualify them from parliament .
SYDNEY : Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said on Monday they were confident their government 's one-seat majority was safe , despite questions over their deputy 's citizenship which could disqualify them from parliament .
Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce said earlier on Monday that they may not be eligible for parliament after being told they may be a dual citizen of Australia and New Zealand .
The New Zealand government later said Joyce held New Zealand citizenship by descent as their father was born in New Zealand .
Australian politicians are not eligible to be elected to parliament if they hold dual or plural citizenship , a rule that has forced the resignation of two senators in recent weeks .
Turnbull 's one-seat majority would be eliminated if Joyce was forced from office , likely triggering an election , political analysts said .
Joyce said they have asked Australia 's High Court to decide the matter .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` The government is the very confident the court will not find that the member for New England is to be disqualified from the Parliament . Very confident , '' Turnbull told parliament .
Opposition Labor MP Tony Burke told parliament Joyce should stand aside from the ministry and the government should not accept their vote .
`` We 've never before in this parliament ... had to go to the High Court and say : 'Look , we 're not really sure if there 's a majority government in this country ' , '' they said .
Joyce said they would not resign or temporarily step down from office after being told by Australian Solicitor-General Stephen Donaghue that they would likely be cleared by the High Court .
`` Neither I nor my parents have ever had any reason to believe that I may be a citizen of any other country , '' they said .
Joyce 's mother was Australian and their father was born in New Zealand and came to Australia in 1947 as a British subject .
If Joyce was disqualified , Turnbull would be forced to rely on the support of independents to prevent a successful no- confidence vote from the opposition Labor Party .
`` I think if Joyce is forced out , Turnbull would call an election , '' said Peter Chen , a senior lecturer in government at the University of Sydney .
Recent polls suggest Turnbull would lose an early election , with their government bleeding support to the populist far-right One Nation party , while moderates have flocked to Labor as Turnbull struggles to deliver on their progressive reputation .
( Reporting by Colin Packham ; Editing by Michael Perry and Paul Tait )
Belgium ( Odds : 13/5 to win , 12/5 to draw , 11/10 to lose )
BELGIUM goes head-to-head with Brazil in the quarter-final of the World Cup on Friday , but who will start for the Red Devils ?
“ Belgium will take on Brazil in Kazan on Friday night for a place in the World Cup semi-final ”
Roberto Martinez 's side had to mount the most remarkable of comebacks to reach the last eight .
Up against Japan in Rostov , as huge betting favourites , Belgium fell two goals behind after 52 minutes - their World Cup hopes seemingly in pieces .
That was until goals from Tottenham defender Jan Vertonghen , Manchester United midfielder Marouane Fellaini - and a stoppage time strike from ex-Spurs man Nacer Chadli - saw them complete a stunning turnaround and shatter Japanese dreams .
It means they will now take on Brazil in Kazan on Friday night for a place in the semi-final .
Their opponents , boasting talent such as PSG superstar Neymar and Barcelona maestro Philippe Coutinho , had to see off Mexico on Monday to reach the last eight .
But who will start for Belgium in their crucial encounter ?
Martinez has no injury concerns heading into the game .
CLICK THROUGH THE GALLERY ABOVE TO SEE OUR PREDICTED BELGIUM XI FOR THEIR WORLD CUP QUARTER-FINAL CLASH WITH BRAZIL ON FRIDAY NIGHT .
LONDON : Prince William has warned British men that keeping a `` stiff upper lip '' by bottling up emotions was detrimental to mental health , stepping up an awareness campaign that includes a video chat with Lady Gaga .
The comments by Queen Elizabeth 's grandson came a day after their younger brother Harry spoke about their struggles coping with the loss of their mother Diana in an unusually revealing interview .
The princes , together with William 's wife Kate , are spearheading a campaign called Heads Together that encourages people to open up about mental illness and seek help .
`` There may be a time and a place for the 'stiff upper lip ' , but not at the expense of your health , '' William said in an interview the Campaign Against Living Miserably ( CALM ) , a charity dedicated to preventing male suicide . http : //bit.ly/2pcopHN
The British phrase `` stiff upper lip '' describes an ability to keep emotions under control whatever the circumstances .
Suicide is the biggest killer of men under 45 in Britain , and William said seeing the impact of suicide through their work as a air ambulance helicopter pilot had been a `` tipping point '' in their decision to campaign on mental health issues .
Heads Together released a short film showing William discussing mental health issues with the U.S. popstar Lady Gaga , who has gone public with their own struggles with post-traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) after they were raped aged 19 .
The four-minute video shows the prince sitting at a desk at Kensington Palace , their London home , and talking via a laptop computer screen with Lady Gaga , who is in the kitchen of their home in Los Angeles .
The pair discussed the importance of talking about emotions and not feeling judged for opening up about mental health difficulties .
In the past , maintaining a stiff upper lip was seen as a very British virtue , epitomised by the royal family 's stoic attitude amid crises ranging from the 1936 abdication of King Edward VIII to the death of Princess Diana in 1997 .
Harry 's decision to reveal they had sought counselling in their late twenties to help deal with their grief for Diana and had experienced two years of `` total chaos '' as they tackled repressed emotions was a striking departure from past royal attitudes .
`` We will all go through tough times in our lives , but men especially feel the need to pretend that everything is OK , and that admitting this to their friends will make them appear weak , '' Harry told CALM in a joint interview with William .
`` I can assure you this is actually a sign of strength . ''
( Editing by Tom Heneghan )
Three years in the making , Andres Veiel 's documentary about German artist Joseph Beuys takes its stylistic cues from its restlessly creative subject
Dir : Andres Veiel . Germany . 2017 . 107 mins .
There 's a rescued scrap of archive footage from the late 1960s in this fascinating art documentary that shows German artist Joseph Beuys addressing a roomful of local dignitaries by making inarticulate grunts into the microphone . It 's pure Beuys – on the one hand a cultural establishment that knows something is happening but does n't know what , and on the other , an artist who believed that provocation was far more useful than explanation .
A rangy , unconventional ride…
Most art world insiders would rate Beuys as the most significant artist of the post-war period . If he 's less in the public eye , than , say , Andy Warhol or David Hockney , that has to do with the fact that so many of Beuys 's works were performances , happenings or simply ideas rather than collectable pieces ( though the art market being what it is , galleries managed to make money out of Beuys in any case ) .
One could even argue that Beuys ' life was their main workm and that 's what makes this fine , thoughtful documentary by film and theatre director Andres Veiel such a pleasure to watch . Working engagingly with material culled from years of archive footage , it presents the work that was Joseph Beuys – as well as reminding us why this most political of contemporary artists is still relevant today , more than thirty years after their death . The film 's Berlin Competition slot is a mark of its cinematic qualities – but this is still , in the end , an art documentary and will find its niche accordingly , in berths ranging from urban arthouse bookings to prestige TV and cable .
Three years in the making , Beuys takes some , at least , of its stylistic cues from its restlessly creative subject , eschewing a conventional , chronological biopic approach for a more impressionistic collage that makes only sparing use of talking heads interviews ( the most illuminating of which are with Beuys 's fiercely intelligent friend and curator Caroline Tisdall ) . More than 90 % of the film consists of archive footage , still photos and audio recordings , some of them charting Beuys 's own performances , like their celebrated 1965 work ‘ How to Explain Pictures to a Dead Hare ' , others deriving from TV interviews , round tables and news footage .
The most deconstructed , exhilarating part of the journey is the film 's time-travelling first section , in which Beuys the man emerges from behind the familiar visual tokens – the Homburg they wore indoors and out on all but rare occasions , and those expressive , tragic eyebrows . After presenting the artist 's most audacious work – the planting of 7,000 oak trees in and around the town of Kassel – Beuys the film does , finally , slip into birth-to-death mode .
But it 's still a rangy , unconventional ride , one which touches on certain key Beuys legends – like their supposed rescue by Tatar tribesmen when shot down over the Crimea as a young German aviator in 1943 – without fetishising them . In the end , the film is just as interested in Beuys the thinker , activist and German Green Party founder member , the generous teacher , a man whose engagement with social issues and agit-prop attacks on the power of big money anticipate the ideas and methods of Occupy Wall Street and other recent grass-roots protest movements .
Saskatoon police Chief Clive Weighill on some of their accomplishments of heading the force , crime rates in the city and their upcoming retirement .
1.4K
Twin City BMC conducts raid on various Hotels and Restaurants in Bhubaneswar , seized stale foods
The Maple Leafs ' understudies will get a few more days in the sun .
After sounding optimistic on the weekend that Auston Matthews and Frederik Andersen were almost ready to roll , Toronto coach Mike Babcock dialled it back Monday before the team departed for road games in Tampa Bay and Nashville .
Yes , Matthews did partake in contact drills as the calendar approached four weeks since their injury . But they did n't skate on a regular line nor did they participate in power play drills .
And though the Leafs sent goalie Garret Sparks back to the AHL Marlies before the flight , Babcock would n't declare Andersen the starter for Tuesday 's game against the Lightning .
“ I do n't know if Freddy 's ready to go , I know Auston 's not ready , Leo Komarov ( and ) Nikita Zaitsev , not ready , ” Babcock said after practice . “ Injuries happen and ( everyone else ) has to play . My concern is when they get back , are they ready to play , have they done enough work ? ”
Whatever the doctors have said in the past few days , Matthews was not happy about another round of questions about their shoulder as opposed to talking about the possibly of being clear to play Tuesday .
“ I 'm just trying to get back and play hockey , ” said the 20-year-old centre . “ It felt good ( Monday ) , I was taking more bumps , stick battles and all that stuff . It feels better . ”
Andersen looked fine as they returned to work . A week ago , Toronto 's No . 1 goalie had their head rattled by Alexander Radulov after teammate Roman Polak shoved the Dallas forward onto the goalie .
“ It was upper-body , we did what we wanted to do in rehab and now we 're ready to go , ” Andersen insisted . “ The collision happened , I wanted to see how it felt ( between periods ) , but I was n't feeling well so Mac ( Curtis McElhinney ) came in and did a good job .
“ It still sucks because you want to be out there playing . But it definitely helps your team is playing well ( four straight wins ) . ”
Playing Tampa — the Atlantic Division 's first-place team and a potential Leafs playoff opponent — would be the perfect way to get back in the swing of things for Andersen . However , McElhinney is hot , winning three straight .
With Matthews out , William Nylander will continue at centre between Andreas Johnsson and Zach Hyman , while Matt Martin , Josh Leivo and Dominic Moore fight for some fourth-line minutes . Leivo was alongside Tomas Plekanec and Kasperi Kapanen on the fourth line for Monday 's workout .
Zaitsev had been suffering from a strength-sapping flu-like virus over the past 10 days . They will require a couple of practices to get back their conditioning and regains lost weight .
Komarov worked out alone Monday before the main group , amid varying speculation of how long they might be out after Thursday 's leg injury . Babcock does not think the ailment is serious , but having used their term “ day-to-day ” — which usually means 7-10 days — would make Komarov doubtful for the trip .
“ We have 10 games left , six at home and four on the road , ” Babcock said of completing the schedule . “ It will be a test for us . I watched Tampa 's game yesterday ( beating Edmonton ) . If we want to play longer ( in April ) , we 'll have to play better . ”
lhornby @ postmedia.com
Advertisement
A chieftain of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) in Niger , Kabiru Rijau , says Nigerians must own up ongoing fight against corruption , to save the country from collapse .
Rijau said in an interview with newsmen in Minna on Tuesday that those insinuating political sentiments to the war , were selfish and unpatriotic .
According to him , corruption is one of the factors responsible for the nation 's set back and must be fought to a standstill .
They commended the Federal Government for introducing the Whistle Blower policy , saying it would encourage more Nigerians to expose those who diverted funds meant for national development .
Advertisement
“ Nigerians should wholeheartedly embrace the programmes in exposing public officers who derive pleasure in looting our treasury .
“ Recent discovery of looted public funds through whistle blowers was a clear indication that the system will expose more corrupt Nigerians .
“ I strongly suggest to that those who initiated the whistle blower policy be given National Honour for introducing a policy that will eradicate corruption in our midst , ” Rijau said .
They advised the government to ensure diligent prosecution of corruption cases , so as to sustain and add value to the war against corruption in the country .
“ Our judiciary should compliment the effort of the federal government by punishing those indicted for embezzling public funds , ” Rijau added .
The Hurricane Watch Net ( HWN ) is closely monitoring tropical storm Nate , which is expected to become a Category 1 hurricane by the time it reaches the Gulf of Mexico . The system is currently about 230 miles south-southeast of Cozumel , Mexico , maintaining maximum sustained winds of 45 MPH and moving to the north-northwest at 14 MPH — a marked increase in forward velocity .
The National Hurricane Center ( NHC ) has posted a hurricane watch from Morgan City , Louisiana , to the Mississippi/Alabama border ; metropolitan New Orleans , Lake Pontchartrain , and Lake Maurepas , and from Punta Herrero to Rio Lagartos , Mexico . Offshore oil-drilling platforms in the Gulf are being evacuated . The storm will move into the southern Gulf of Mexico tonight and approach the northern Gulf Coast on Saturday evening , the NHC said .
“ As a result , the Hurricane Watch Net is now at Alert Level 3 — Standby Mode , ” HWN Manager Bobby Graves , KB5HAV , said . “ As of now , we are looking at a possible net activation at 1800 UTC on Saturday . ”
The NHC warns of continued heavy rainfall generated by the storm , with southern Honduras and western Nicaragua predicted to receive 6 to 10 inches ( maximum of 15 inches ) ; eastern El Salvador and northern to central Honduras , 3 to 5 inches ( maximum of 8 inches ) , eastern Yucatan and western Cuba , 2 to 4 inches ( maximum of 8 inches ) , eastern Belize and the Cayman Islands , 1 to 3 inches , and the US central Gulf Coast states , 3 to 6 inches ( maximum of 12 inches ) .
“ Heavy rainfall will occur over a wide area , including locations well away from the [ storm 's ] center along the Pacific coast of Central America , ” the NHC said . “ Rainfall across all of these areas may produce life-threatening flash floods and mudslides .
Tropical storm-force winds extend about 90 miles from the storm 's center .
SACKED : Roseanne claimed their racist rant about a black political adviser was “ sleep tweeting ''
Them show was axed by US network ABC after they called former President Obama aide Valerie Jarrett a “ child of the muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes ” .
Roseanne , 65 , claimed they sent the Twitter message to 750,000 followers after taking high-strength sleeping pill Ambien .
In a now-deleted tweet they told them fans : “ Guys I did something unforgiveable so do not defend me .
“ It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting…I went 2 far . ”
The bizarre excuse soon attracted scorn on social media .
As the President of the Frostburg State University ( FSU ) Student Government Association ( SGA ) , one of my roles is to represent the students of FSU on the University System of Maryland Student Council ( USMSC ) . The USMSC is an advisory body comprised of SGA leaders from across the state of Maryland that advocate for the students at our respective institutions to the USM Chancellor and Board of Regents , and to Maryland 's elected leaders .
On Sunday , Dec. 3 , I joined my fellow SGA presidents in voting to oppose the many provisions of H.R . 1 , the House of Representative 's version of the Republican Tax Cuts and Jobs Bill , that will be harmful to institutions of higher education and their students . By voting for the USMSC resolution to oppose this bill , I took a stand against proposed public policy that I believe will be bad for the students I was elected to represent .
Regardless of your political affiliation or what you think broadly about the Republic tax plan , it is impossible to ignore that a number of provisions of the House bill pose significant threats to programs designed to combat the rapidly rising cost of college in the United States . Most seriously , the House plan would eliminate section 117 ( d ) , a provision in the current tax law that allows graduate programs to reduce the cost of tuition for graduate students working as graduate assistants . The elimination of this provision would mean that graduate students would be taxed on the amount of their tuition remission as if it were income , although it is essentially a discount extended by universities . Currently , these graduate assistants pay income tax on the meager income they actually receive for their campus jobs , but taxing their tuition remission would mean they could be taxed on tens of thousands of dollars that they never receive directly .
In addition , the House plan poses a threat to income tax deductions that allow taxpayers to deduct student loan interest payments when filing taxes . As more and more university students are forced to take increasingly high student loans , reducing the burden of student loans should be a priority . As an elected representative of Frostburg State University students , I believe that both of these current provisions in our tax law are critical to supporting students here and across the state that struggle to afford college . Because of this , I chose to support the resolution opposing these provisions of the House Tax Cuts and Jobs Bill . As your SGA President , it is always my goal to do what is best as an advocate for the students of our great university .
Sincerely ,
James Kirk
SGA President
Submitted Photo
This photo shows Jack Cooley , who retired from McDermott in Morgan City and died recently in Mississippi at age 91 . Relatives say `` Louisiana Jack '' was a very passionate and super-competitive drag racer . In 1961 , they were the four-state champion with a street-legal car , a 1957 Chevrolet called “ Black Trash. ” They also went on to own seven or more Chevrolets , which were all known as “ Black Trash. ” They were inducted into the Louisiana Drag Racers Hall of Fame in 1985 and the Old Time Drag Racers Hall of Fame in 2002 . Their obituary appears on Page 12 in this edition and at StMaryNow.com .
BRUSSELS – NATO 's chief says the military alliance would be concerned if reports that Russia has violated a Cold War-era treaty by deploying a cruise missile prove true .
U.S. intelligence agencies have assessed that the missile became operational late last year , possibly violating the 1987 Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty on the development and testing of cruise missiles .
READ MORE : Russia deploys cruise missile , violates Cold War-era treaty
NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said Wednesday that “ compliance with arms control agreements is of great importance and especially when it comes to treaties covering nuclear weapons . ”
READ MORE : Donald Trump 's national security adviser Michael Flynn quits post
They said that “ any non-compliance of Russia with the INF Treaty would be a serious concern for the alliance . ”
Their remarks in Brussels came before chairing the first meeting of NATO defence ministers with U.S. Defence Secretary Jim Mattis .
Mr Haruna Mohammed , Police Public Relations Officer ( PPRO ) in Anambra Command , has described the state as peaceful in spite of the directive of the terrorist group , IPOB , that people should stay indoors .
Haruna told the News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN ) in Awka on Wednesday that the command had land and air surveillance patrol to ensure that there was no breakdown of law and order .
They said there was no incident that threatened security anywhere in Anambra .
The PPRO lauded the residents of the state for going about their lawful businesses without fear .
Vehicular movement around Awka was scanty in the early hours , making it difficult for residents to access their destinations .
The popular Eke-Awka Market in Awka did not open for business until about 10 a.m. ; commercial banks one hour earlier while those on Enugu-Onitsha expressway applied more safety measures by ensuring that customers were controlled at their gates .
Meanwhile , Mr Harry Uduh , the state Head of Service , said there was substantial turnout of workers to their offices in the state .
Uduh said the attendance reports they had received from the various ministries , departments and agencies were impressive .
According to him , workers who absented from work without permission would face the consequences of their actions as contained in the civil service rule book .
The HoS said such workers would , however , be given the benefit of fair hearing .
“ I am happy there is no violence that will warrant anybody not come to work .
“ From the monitoring we had earlier today and the list of attendance submitted so far , there is impressive turnout of workers today , ” they said .
Apart from the early hours , uncertainly and low traffic in Onitsha , Ekwulobia and Nnewi , the areas were calm and business in full swing .
Heiruspecs bassist ( and trivia mafioso ) ( and 89.3 the Current on-air personality ) ( and sometime City Pages contributor ) ( and so on and so forth ) Sean McPherson has written the music for a song , “ So Much Alike , ” that pop star Alessia Cara will perform on the legendary edutainment program next Saturday , Dec. 16 on HBO .
McPherson is apparently pals with Sesame Street music supervisor Bill Sherman , who tapped the bassist to set lyrics by frequent SS contributor Christine Ferraro to music .
McPherson “ first submitted a tune that was roundly ( and rightfully ! ) criticized for being way too sing-songy and childish , ” they disclosed in an email , but eventually they came up with a composition mature enough for Sesame Street 's discerning viewers .
In other Heiruspecs news , the hip-hop band will celebrate its 20th anniversary at its annual Holiday Classic at the Turf Club on Dec. 29 . Gabby Z , a former recipient of the St. Paul Central Heiruspecs Scholarship , will open , and Miss Brit , who took over morning DJ duties this summer at KFAI , will spin between sets . More info , as the saying goes , here .
- Advertisement -
Aamin Ambulance , the Somali capital 's first and only free private ambulance service has received a sum of $ 32,966 from a fund raiser started by a national resident in Sweden .
Abdi Addow , opened a gofundme page to raise funds to support the ambulance service right after the twin bomb blasts that hit Mogadishu on October 12 , 2017 . The outfit also credits one Nadifa Mohamed for being a key fund raiser .
Aamin Ambulance is reputed as the first emergency service almost always at the scene of bomb blasts which are frequent in the country . It has offered first aid to bombing victims for over a decade .
Abdi Addow 's goal was to raise 100,000 Swedish Krona ( US $ 12,286 ) to support Aamin Ambulance but just 16 hours after the page was created , 38,213 Swedish Krona ( US $ 4,694 ) was raised by 198 people .
They said the money they hoped will help improve communications , medical supplies , vehicles and human resource in order for Aamin Ambulance to be able to provide quicker emergency response . “ Please support the unsung heroes and heros of Aamin Ambulance , ” they appealed on the page .
Even though they currently own a fleet of 10 ambulances which is the largest in the country and they have a team of volunteers who respond quickly to emergencies , the amount raised is to be invested in three new ambulances and repairs to the existing fleet .
- Advertisement -
Aamin Ambulance works in partnership with the Somali Federal Government , UNOCHA , UNDP and WHO .
The October twin bomb blasts , described as the single deadliest attack ever in the Horn of Africa nation , claimed over 500 lives according to a government committee .
The impact of the truck bomb the committee established , was worsened by it exploding next to a fuel tanker that increased its intensity and left many bodies being burnt or mutilated beyond recognition .
“ So far we have confirmed 512 people died in last month 's explosion … ( Some ) 316 others were also injured in that blast , ” Abdullahi Mohamed Shirwac , chairperson of the Zobe Rescue Committee told Reuters .
The bomb attacks were the deadliest since militant group al Shabaab began an insurgency in 2007 . Al Shabaab has not claimed responsibility , but the method and type of attack – a large truck bomb – is increasingly used by the al Qaeda-linked organisation .
Al Shabaab stages regular attacks in the capital and other parts of the country . Although the group says it targets the government and security forces , it has in the past detonated large bombs in crowded public areas .
It has sometimes not claimed responsibility for bombings that provoked a big public backlash , such as the 2009 suicide bombing of a graduation ceremony for medical students .
The findings of investigation into the plane crash that killed four set to be released .
The wreckage of a Cessna Citation which crashed on October 13 , 2016 , is seen in the woods near Lake Country , B.C. , in this October 15 , 2016 , Transportation Safety Board handout image . The aircraft crashed shortly after takeoff , killing the pilot and all three passengers aboard , including the former Alberta Premier Jim Prentice . THE CANADIAN PRESS/HO-TSB ,
The investigation into the 2016 plane crash that killed four passengers , including former Alberta premier Jim Prentice , after it departed Kelowna has been completed and results will be announced later this week .
The Transportation Safety Board will hold a news conference Thursday to release its investigation report on the Oct. 13 2016 crash of the Cessna Citation 500 , and the Capital News will report on its findings .
At the time of the crash RCMP Cpl . Dan Moskaluk said the Cessna Citation private business aircraft was owned by Norjet , a Calgary-based firm , and had departed Kelowna International Airport en route to Springbank , outside of Calgary .
“ I know that heavy rain was felt across the Okanagan Valley but difficult to say if that was an issue in this case , ” Moskaluk said .
The Transportation Safety Board released a statement at the time also , saying that there were no emergency calls or signals from the high impact crash that scattered debris over a vast space .
READ MORE : FAMILY REACTS TO CRASH
RCMP , with the help of a police dog , were able to get to the scene just before midnight , and received assistance from local search and rescue volunteers .
“ It 's a complex scene right now and it will take some time for the investigation of the crash site to be completed , ” Moskaluk said .
“ The terrain is hilly and densely forested , but we were able to access the site from a nearby forest service road . ”
The site of the crash was northeast of Winfield , about four kms north of Beaver Lake Road and about 18 kms north of Kelowna .
READ MORE : CALL MADE FOR RECORDING DEVICES
Kelowna RCMP and Lake Country RCMP detachments were alerted by the Surrey Air Traffic Control Centre that they had lost contact with a Citation jet shortly after its takeoff from Kelowna airport .
Also onboard that night were Sheldon Reid , a shareholder in Norjet , the owner of the Cessna Citation aircraft that crashed , and Jim Kruk , associated with the 83 ‘ Lynx ' air cadet squadron based out of Airdrie , a rural community north of Calgary , and Calgary optometrist Kenneth Gellatly , whose son was married to Prentice 's daughter .
The men were flying home to Calgary from a late-season golf game in Kelowna when the crash occurred .
To report a typo , email :
newstips @ kelownacapnews.com .
@ KelownaNewsKat
kmichaels @ kelownacapnews.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter .
NEW YORK : The founder of an oil and gas networking website who pleaded guilty to hacking a rival site they had created and sold to DHI Group Inc was sentenced to one year and one day in prison on Friday .
David Kent , 41 , was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Denise Cote in Manhattan .
`` I am deeply remorseful for my actions , '' Kent said before being sentenced , adding that they had fallen short in their efforts to live a `` Christian life . ''
Federal prosecutors in March 2016 charged Kent , a Texas resident , with stealing data on more than 500,000 user resumes from Rigzone.com , which they sold for US $ 51 million in 2010 , to boost the membership of their new site , Oilpro.com .
Prosecutors at the time said that Kent then tried to sell Oilpro , created in 2013 , to DHI by misrepresenting that the new website increased its membership to 500,000 through standard marketing methods .
Rigzone was launched by Kent in 2000 and allows members to create profiles and upload resumes . When the website was sold to New York-based DHI in 2010 , its member database was worth US $ 6 million , according to court papers .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Rigzone 's database was hacked twice in 2014 and 2015 , the complaint said , resulting in members being solicited to join Oilpro , the complaint said .
Kent pleaded guilty to one count of fraud and related activity in connection with computers in December .
DHI has said that it cooperated with authorities in the investigation . Under their plea agreement , Kent agreed to pay the company US $ 3.29 million in restitution .
( Reporting by Brendan Pierson in New York ; Editing by Jonathan Oatis )
A former master warrant officer with the Canadian Armed Forces says they developed PTSD and had to leave the military after having their kidney removed as a result of being wrongly diagnosed with cancer .
They said they were told at the time that the mistake was no one 's fault and that “ medicine is not an exact science . ”
Sharon Marson , who now lives in New Brunswick , attempted to sue the now-retired Ottawa urologist who diagnosed and treated her , and The Ottawa Hospital . Affidavits were filed and both sides were cross-examined in them , but their lawsuit alleging medical negligence was dismissed in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice earlier this year because they waited too long to pursue it .
Marson 's surgery was in August 2000 . For most lawsuits , the claim must be issued within two years . Marson pursued the lawsuit in 2015 .
They said a medical report commissioned by Veterans Affairs Canada concluded in 2014 that “ I have been the victim of medical malpractice. ” Until then , they said , they were not aware there had been malpractice .
The case began when Marson underwent a routine medical exam in early 2000 as a condition of their service in the armed forces . Tests done after the exam found a “ shadow ” on their right kidney and they were referred to urologist Dr. Carl Leahy .
They ordered a series of tests . Based on those , they concluded they had cancer in the right kidney and recommended that the kidney and their ureter be surgically removed , to which they agreed .
In August 2000 , during a post-op consultation , Leahy told them the mass that had been diagnosed as cancer was , in fact , benign and that they had a kidney infection and scarring , not cancer .
“ Following my nephrectomy , I was told that the pathology report , much to Dr. Leahy 's surprise , was not cancer . I had been misdiagnosed . I had had a kidney infection and scar tissue , for which I had had not one symptom , ” they said in a court document .
According to court documents , Marson stated that after surgery they had been told by the doctor that tests had produced a “ false positive result ” for cancer and that “ tests can be wrong , but this is not the result of any error of the technicians operating the lab equipment or conducting the tests but that this was the nature of the tests that were conducted . ”
They added , “ Medicine is not an exact science . ”
At the time , they said , several people encouraged them to launch a lawsuit , but they declined .
It was only when they were applying for a disability pension , they said , that they read the entire medical file and was struck by an “ inconsistency ” between what the doctor told them and their husband after the surgery and what the records said .
At the heart of their concern was a cytopathology test conducted prior to surgery , which was negative for cancer . Cytopathology testing examines cells from various sites in the body and is sometimes used for cancer screening . Marson argued that further testing should have been done , in light of that result , before their kidney was removed .
“ He never explained to me that they should have conducted further tests and that my condition may have been cured alternatively and they maintained that the kidney and ureter required removal in order to save my life . ”
In court testimony , Leahy said all the test results had been disclosed to Marson prior to the surgery . They also said that a negative cytopathology report did not rule out cancer and was not significant to their diagnosis .
Marson , meanwhile , who had been working as a supply technician , said they left the armed forces as a result of the surgery and later suffered from depression and PTSD .
When they underwent a medical exam as part of their release from the military later in 2000 , they talked about the misdiagnoses as part of their reason .
“ I now know that , at all material times , I have suffered from and continue to suffer from post traumatic stress disorder and severe depression as a result of the treatment. ” It was only after receiving treatment for them that they were capable of commencing legal action , they said , which is why they waited more than 15 years after the surgery to commence legal proceedings .
“ I was unable to make important decisions at that time due to my depressed state . ”
Both Marson and the lawyer representing Leahy declined to comment . The Ottawa Hospital released this statement : “ The Court was clear in its decision in this case . The hospital can not speak on behalf of other parties . ”
epayne @ postmedia.com
Advertisement
Sokoto State governor , Aminu Waziri Tambuwal , has suggested possible pathway for the nation to overcome recession , saying that embarking on capital projects such as road construction and injection of more monies into the economy remained the best way out of the current recession .
They also blamed the immediate past government for the bad economy Nigeria is undergoing today .
Speaking in a chat with members of the Correspondent chapel at the State Presidential Lodge , Tambuwal averred that the recession would soon be a thing of the past .
They however , noted that injecting more money into the economy remained a sure remedy out of recession .
While noting that global meltdown and sudden fall of price of oil at the international market compounded the situation in Nigeria because of its mono income nature , Tambuwal divulged that , Nigeria would not have been experiencing recession had the previous government been prudent .
Advertisement
Governor Aminu Waziri Tambuwal who is the immediate past Speaker , House of Representatives , further attributed Nigeria 's recession to some of the policies of the former President Goodluck Jonathan 's administration .
The governor who appealed to Nigerians to be more patient with the President Muhammadu Buhari administration , added that , it is easier to destroy than to build .
“ The immediate past administration policies landed Nigeria into recession . And do n't forget , destruction is always easier and takes shorter time than rebuilding ” .
Tambuwal reiterated that their administration operates open door policy .
“ You do n't run a government like a personal property . We are open , transparent and we ask you to continue to engage us any time , any day ” .
Speaking earlier , the special adviser to the governor on Media and Public Affairs , Mallam Imam Imam , insisted that the Correspondent Chapel serves as the engine room for the Nigeria Union of Journalists in every state .
Vietnamese artist Mai Khoi was evicted from their house hours after they raised a protest banner in Hanoi while United States President Donald Trump 's motorcade was passing . Trump arrived in Vietnam on 11 November 2017 to attend the annual summit of the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation .
Khoi is a musician whose eccentric lifestyle , unusual fashion , and controversial songs have led many to compare them with Hollywood singer Lady Gaga . They have a large following among young Vietnamese and they were once a winner in the country 's album and song of the year awards .
But Khoi 's advocacy for human rights , free speech , and democratic reforms did n't sit well with authorities . Them shows were eventually banned and their songs were censored which affected their music career . They tried to run as an independent candidate in the Communist-controlled National Assembly but their application was rejected . Last year , they met with former US President Barack Obama to discuss the state of human rights in Vietnam .
After being evicted from their house , Mai Khoi and their husband hid from the police for 13 days while looking for a new place to stay .
Khoi 's case is the latest example of Vietnam 's intolerance of dissenting views and the hardships faced by artists and activists in their push for greater freedom and protection of civil liberties in the country .
Through an email interview with this author , Mai Khoi shared their reasons for protesting the visit of Trump , their eviction in the aftermath of the protest , and their continuing search for safety just because they peacefully exercised their right to publicly express their views .
What was your aim in conducting the protest ?
I want to practice the right of free expression in Vietnam rather than just talking about the need for freedom of expression . Through a little protest and the violent reactions of the authorities , I showed the world that Việtnam does not have freedom of expression . My protest also is a way of resistance against social norms that restrict freedom of expression .
I protested Trump because I do n't agree with their racism , sexual entitlement and lack of concern for human rights in Vietnam . Also because they withdrew from the Paris Agreement on climate change .
You were reportedly evicted from your house after the protest , what is your situation today ?
I was kicked out of my house right after the protest . The police put pressure on the landlord to kick me out of the house . I 'm looking for another place to rent but I ca n't go back to my apartment to take my things because the secret police go around in front of my house all the time to follow me . I have to move from house to house every night to hide from the police . A few days ago they detained three activists who met with European Union officials . The police make people scared by arresting and threatening ( activists ) . I feel unsafe , and I have nowhere to stay in my own country . I have to do many things , many works in Hanoi but I do n't know where I can sleep tonight in Hanoi .
What did authorities tell you ? What 's the feedback on the protest inside Vietnam ?
The authorities told the landlord that `` Mai Khoi is having problem with the police and they do not have permanent residency in Hanoi '' and so the landlord had to kick me out of the house . The police did n't say anything directly to me . Thereafter , I was locked in my house and then evicted for staging a peaceful protest .
Domestically , the protest sparked a fierce national debate about freedom of expression and hijacked official narratives about Trump 's visit . Many people were angry with me because of my protest banner , they said freedom of speech has to be polite and they said I should have protested Xi Jinping ( China ) instead of Trump . Others defended my right to express myself . Internationally , it resonated with the anti-Trump sentiment , making headlines , topping Reddit for the day and highlighting the dire human rights situation in Vietnam .
What is your message to fellow Vietnamese ? And to the international community ?
HONOLULU — A Hawaii man accused of killing their mother months ago stuffed their dismembered body parts in seven plastic bags in the kitchen freezer of the Waikiki apartment they shared , according to court documents made public Monday .
Yu Wei Gong has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of Liu Yun Gong .
They called 911 on April 11 and said : “ ' I killed my Mom , ” ' according to a detective 's affidavit supporting an arrest warrant . When officers arrived and could not find the woman , Gong told them they were “ in the fridge , ” the complaint said .
An officer found what appeared to be body parts .
“ Another covered object in the freezer felt to a different officer like a human leg and foot , ” the complaint said .
Yu Wei Gong did n't speak or enter a plea during a brief court appearance Monday . Deputy Public Defender Diamond Grace requested a Mandarin interpreter for their preliminary hearing , scheduled for Wednesday . They remained in custody with bail set at $ 2 million .
Grace did n't immediately return a phone message seeking comment after the hearing .
Authorities say Yu Wei Gong told officers that they accidentally killed their mother in September after they became angry when the 26-year-old said they wanted to work instead of going to school .
Deputy Medical Examiner Dr. Rachel Lange determined Liu Yun Gong had suffered blunt force injuries to the head , the complaint said . Them identity was confirmed by comparing fingerprints to those on file under their Hawaii driver 's license .
The manager of the apartment building where they lived told police they had not seen the man 's mother since before Christmas , the complaint said .
It said Liu Yun Gong did not show up for work on Aug. 21 , 2016 . When a supervisor called their phone , it went unanswered . Yu Wei Gong called the supervisor the next day , saying their mother was on another Hawaiian island and had left their phone at home .
Three women watched the hearing and said outside court they wanted to support Gong spiritually because they had attended their church .
Gong and their mother , who they knew by different names , attended Waipahu United Church of Christ , said former pastor Norma Desaegher .
“ He has nobody . No family as far as we can tell , ” they said , adding that it 's been several years since they last saw him . “ We wanted to give them that spiritual support . ”
Gong moved to Hawaii from China when they were 19 , after their mother married an active church parishioner they met online , the women said . Mother and son stopped going to church after the man died in 2014 .
The women said Gong took English classes at the church and moved with their mother and step-father to Waikiki so they could pursue a massage business .
“ We just wanted people to know they were a good family ” Desaegher said .
( Reuters Health ) - Middle-aged adults who feel stressed , powerless or overworked on the job may be more likely to develop mental health problems in the coming years than more contented coworkers , a recent study suggests .
For the study , researchers examined data from questionnaires completed by 6,870 workers in the UK who , at age 45 , had never been diagnosed with depression , anxiety or other common mental illnesses . Overall , about one-third reported having little control over what they did at work and slightly more than one-fourth described their jobs as very demanding and stressful .
Advertisement
By age 50 , workers who reported high levels of job strain five years earlier were more than twice as likely to be diagnosed with mental health disorders as the people who had low-stress jobs , researchers report in The Lancet Psychiatry .
With demanding jobs , workers were 70 percent more likely to develop a mental illness by age 50 , the study also found . And people who reported having little control over their work were 89 percent more likely to be diagnosed with psychological disorders .
`` Several studies published over the past decade have suggested a link between workplace stress and poor mental health outcomes amongst employees , '' said lead study author Samuel Harvey , head of the workplace mental health research program at the Black Dog Institute at the University of New South Wales in Australia .
`` However , it has always been difficult to work out which came first : difficult work situations or mental health problems - the classic chicken or egg situation , '' Harvey said by email .
Advertisement
Advertisement
While the current study was n't a controlled experiment designed to prove that work problems directly cause mental health issues , the fact that none of the workers had any psychological issues at the start of the study period suggests that the job difficulties came first , Harvey said .
Even though the study focused on middle age , all of the participants had been followed since birth , allowing researchers to account for a variety of circumstances growing up that might influence the odds that a person would experience job strain or mental health problems .
`` We were able to develop the most precise picture to date of the possible reasons an individual 's working conditions could impact their mental health , '' Harvey said . `` When accounting for non-workplace factors like stressful life events , illness , IQ and early life , the results indicate that people with higher job demands , lower job control and higher job strain were still more likely to develop mental illness by age 50 , regardless of sex or occupational class . ''
While the exact ways that job strain might cause mental illness are n't clear , stress is a known risk factor for psychological problems as well as a wide range of other chronic health issues like heart disease , diabetes and obesity , said Dr. Sabir Giga , author of an accompanying editorial and a researcher at Lancaster University in the UK .
`` For individual workers , it 's important to recognize that persistent and long-term stress could lead to physical and mental health conditions , '' Giga said by email .
`` Demanding jobs may be unavoidable , '' Giga added . `` But we can make changes in our lives that allow more control and flexibility in how much we work and the way we do it . ''
SOURCE : https : //bit.ly/2H7Kqfc and https : //bit.ly/2GrijYl The Lancet Psychiatry , online May 10 , 2018 .
Playing in the shadows of a big player is possibly the most unfortunate fate of a player . Ask Rahul Dravid , who spent their entire career overshadowed by the biggest name in cricketing circles , Sachin Tendulkar , or even Hashim Amla , whose tremendous Kohli-like feats go unnoticed in the whirlwind called AB de Villiers .
Ross Taylor of New Zealand is another such player . Having spent most of their career as a talented middle-order batsman , they were rarely pipped to do better than average . The towering presence of Brendon McCullum meant that their moments in the limelight came few and far between .
Right at the time Taylor was starting to peak and McCullum had retirement plans , one felt that New Zealand would finally appreciate the value of Taylor . But then , Kane Williamson emerged . Flamboyant , composed and a match-winner , Williamson sent New Zealand into fits of celebration when they launched Pat Cummins over the long-on ropes in a tense low-scoring thriller in the 2015 World Cup group game .
In the next two years , Williamson 's stature grew by leaps and bounds , so much so that they are now a part of the Fab Four in Test cricket , comprising of Virat Kohli , Steven Smith and Joe Root .
That Taylor was enduring a torrid time in Test cricket around the 2014-15 period did not help matters . It seemed like they were destined to remain a wingman forever .
But the tide changed and in the last two years , Taylor has been emphatic . They average more than Kane Williamson and Tom Latham in Tests since the start of 2016 and has as many hundreds as the skipper .
The table shows the record of New Zealand batsmen since 2016 in Tests .
Player Tests since 2016 Runs Average 100s Kane Williamson 17 1319 52.76 4 Tom Latham 18 1115 37.16 3 Ross Taylor 14 1014 67.6 4
On Monday , they slammed their 17th Test ton to go level with Kane Williamson and the late Martin Crowe on count . Their career Test runs have come at an eye-catching average of 48.04 .
The late Crowe once wrote on ESPNCricinfo about their first interaction with Ross Taylor , `` It 's well known that Ross ( Taylor ) rang me in 2006 and asked me to mentor him . That I did n't know them at all was beside the point . The fact was they stated clearly that they wanted to score more than 17 Test centuries , set a new record for New Zealand . So my reply was an emphatic affirmative . They paid their own way to Auckland , we met , we spoke , and we clicked . ''
Taylor was an emotional man as they recounted their feat after the day 's play at Seddon Park . The welled up eyes revealed what this hundred meant for a man who had for a whole decade remained the lynchpin of New Zealand 's middle-order .
Taylor has got one step closer to their dream of crossing Crowe 's century count . At the moment they are level with the late captain and it was only fitting that their 17th ton came against their favourite opposition , West Indies .
The middle-order batsman averages a stunning 68.06 against the Caribbeans in 12 Tests with four hundreds including a double-hundred at Dunedin . On Monday , they crossed 1000 runs against the West Indies in Test cricket and is now New Zealand 's highest run-getter against them .
The 33-year-old walked in at a time when New Zealand were 41/2 and resorted to playing second fiddle to a rather aggressive Kane Williamson . The skipper aced their half-century in no time , smashing seven fours in the 13 overs between Latham 's dismissal and their own which came soon after they crossed their half-century . Taylor scored none in that period and seemed determined to play themselves in before unleashing theirs shots .
As Miguel Cummins found their groove with some throat-threatening bouncers , Taylor chose to stamp their presence in the match . Their first boundary was a cracking pull shot off Cummins and it came nearly 20 overs after they had walked out to the wicket .
Even as Mitchell Santner holed out and Colin de Grandhomme was trapped in front , Taylor did not budge . Cummins kept giving them chin music not knowing that they were aiming at Taylor 's strengths .
CricViz estimates that Taylor averages a whopping 70 on the back-foot against pace bowlers while that average dips to 47 when moving onto the front-foot . West Indies bowled nearly 50 % of the deliveries short to Taylor during these innings , thus playing to their strengths .
Well and truly in touch by now , Taylor proceeded to decimate the Windies attack and take their side to a declaration score rather quickly . It was helped in parts by West Indies ' poor planning against the right-hander . In their first 60 deliveries , Taylor had hit no boundaries and was silenced by Gabriel 's fuller length deliveries .
As they started bowling short , their natural instinct to cut and pull took over and they creamed the quicker bowlers to all corners of Seddon Park . Gabriel , the only bowler who appeared dominant against Taylor , was rarely turned to in the latter half of Taylor 's knock . It probably would n't have mattered as the middle-order batsman had started nailing every shot in the book . They raced to their 17th Test ton in no time and capped off their record-breaking feat with equally impressive words at the end of the day .
“ I met the great man - Hogan ( Martin Crowe ) in 2006 and they wanted me to make 17 Test hundreds , then get to 18 as well . It 's a special moment , but as the game develops , it will sink in a bit more . I 'm sure they ( Crowe ) would be happy ” , Taylor said .
Touching interview with one of cricket 's good guys , Ross Taylor , after they reached 17 Test centuries today , the same mark set by their mentor , the late great Martin Crowe . Courtesy of @ skysportnz pic.twitter.com/hP98xiG2yI — Derek Alberts ( @ derekalberts1 ) December 11 , 2017
New York Fed President William Dudley said on Monday that market expectations that the U.S. central bank would begin trimming its balance sheet were not unreasonable .
WASHINGTON : New York Fed President William Dudley said on Monday that market expectations that the U.S. central bank would begin trimming its balance sheet were not unreasonable .
In an interview with the Associated Press , Dudley also said they support another interest rate rise this year if the economy evolves as expected .
( Reporting by Lindsay Dunsmuir )
Textron announces successful test of G-CLAW missile
by Ryan Maass
Washington ( UPI ) Feb 14 , 2017
Textron Systems ' G-CLAW precision-guided glide missile successfully tracked and engaged targets during a recent flight test , the manufacturer announced .
The weapon was tested at the Yuma Proving Grounds in Arizona in October 2016 . Textron says G-CLAW was able to engage static and moving targets within 1 meter circular error probable , and verified the weapon 's lethality .
`` We are pleased with the test results and development progress of the G-CLAW precision guided weapon system , '' Textron 's Brian Sinkiewicz said in a press release .
The G-CLAW comprises a 50-pound glide munition and a 20-pound warhead , and is designed for anti-personnel and anti-materiel strikes . The missile is also equipped with a GPS-aided Inertial Navigation System and Semi-Active Laser precision guidance . It is compatible with the Common Launch Tube .
According to Textron , G-CLAW is capable of adapting to various mission requirements . It incorporates tri-mode fuzing , and can also be integrated with various aircraft , including the Cessna Caravan and Textron AirLand Scorpion jet .
The announcement coincides with the company 's participation in Aero India , a defense and aerospace conference taking place in Bengaluru from Feb. 14 through Feb. 18 .
ENGLAND will go up against Sweden in the quarter-final of the World Cup – but what is Sweden famous for ?
Sweden is the only thing standing between England and the semi-final of the World Cup . England beat Colombia in a tense round of penalties , meaning they will meet the Swedes in Samara . But Sweden is n't just a country filled with blonde , beautiful people . The country has a rich culture , history and are one of the happiest and safest countries in the world .
GETTY ENGLAND VS SWEDEN : Football is the most popular sport in Sweden
Sweden is a country in the region of Scandinavia , located between Norway and Finland . Football is the most popular sport in the country , with over 240,000 licensed players , despite having a relatively small population of 9.9 million . Both the men and women 's teams have been quite successful on the international stage . The Swedish national team has made 11 World Cup appearances , finishing second in 1958 , and third in 1950 and 1994 . You probably already know about ABBA , Ikea and meatballs , but what else is Sweden famous for ?
GETTY ABBA : Sweden is one of the biggest music nations in the world
“ ” There are many Swedish exports which have influenced your life , but you had no idea was Swedish . For example , did you know the Celsius temperature scale was developed by a Swede ? You can also thank the Nordic country for Absolut Vodka , the clothing brand H & M and even the pacemaker . Other genius Swedish inventions include the computer mouse , the propeller , the three-point seat-belt and Skype .
Meet Sweden 's STUNNING Russia World Cup WAGs England 's World Cup opponents Sweden boasts an incredible array of wives and girlfriends 1 / 46 camillasjodahlessen/Instagram Camilla Sjödahl-Essé is dating Sweden ace Albin Ekdal
Since ABBA 's 1974 Eurovision Song Contest win they have paved the way for a mass of other successful Swedish artists , including Roxette , Avicii and Robyn . In fact , Swedish-written songs have been dominated the charts for years . The country is the third biggest exporter of music , coming after the US and the UK . IKEA and H & M are British staples , but there is a reason Sweden is famous for its design .
Samara Arena : England vs Sweden World Cup 2018 quarter-final venue in pictures SAMARA ARENA : Check out the World Cup 2018 venue that will host England vs Sweden on Saturday . 1 / 14 GETTY
The Scandinavian region is known for its innovative , colourful and minimalist designs . Scandinavia is one of the biggest coffee regions in the world , just under the Netherlands . In Sweden , they have their own word associated with having a coffee break , called “ fika ” . Having a fika involves , relaxing with colleagues or friends , and it often revolves around coffee and baked treats .
GETTY BEAUTY : Sweden is known for its beautiful lakes
Playing limited overs cricket ahead of their Test series in England will serve as the ideal platform for the Indian team to get used to conditions away from home , coach Ravi Shastri said .
India begin their tour of England in July with three Twenty20 internationals and three One-Day Internationals . They then take on the hosts in a five-Test series starting in August .
“ We will be there ( in England ) almost a month before the first test match . That gives us that much more time ( to prepare ) , ” former India all-rounder Shastri said .
India will come into the contests against England high on confidence after beating hosts South Africa 5-1 in ODIs and 2-1 in T20 competition earlier this year .
India had earlier bounced back after losing the first two Tests against the Proteas to finish the series 2-1 .
“ What our boys did in South Africa makes me proud as a coach because there were 21 days of cricket and on each one of those 21 days , India competed , ” Shastri added .
“ The one-day series we won after 25 years . And so , from a coach 's point of view , you have to just stand up and say ‘ well done , guys . Simply magnificent . You have raised the bar ' . ”
India lost the five test series 3-1 when they visited England four years ago , but prevailed 3-1 in the ODI competition . The hosts won the sole T20 match .
France said on Tuesday the United Nations Security Council had to respond over the use of chemical weapons in Syria with a resolution that would punish those responsible for repeated attacks .
Syrian government forces used chemical weapons in opposition-controlled parts of Aleppo during battles to retake the city late last year , Human Rights Watch ( HRW ) said in a report published on Monday .
The findings add to mounting evidence of the use of banned chemical weapons in the six-year-old Syrian civil war and could strengthen calls by Britain , France and the United States for sanctions against Syrian officials .
While not confirming the report , a French foreign ministry spokesperson said in a daily briefing the allegations were `` extremely serious . ''
`` It is up to the Security Council to act . France ... continues to discuss with its partners at the Security Council to adopt a resolution to punish those responsible for these attacks , '' the spokesperson said .
`` The use of weapons of mass destruction constitute a war crime and a threat to peace . Impunity is not an option . ''
Bengaluru : Prime Minister Narendra Modi will address a massive BJP rally in Bengaluru on Sunday that marks the conclusion of the party 's 90-day Nava Nirman Parivarthan yatra across poll-bound Karnataka .
Though PM Modi was scheduled to address the rally on January 28 , 2018 , on the conclusion of the three-month yatra that began in Bengaluru on November 1 , 2017 , it was put off to February 4 , owing to their pre-occupation with other engagements .
Elaborate security arrangements have been made for the rally at the sprawling venue in the city centre where the party is expecting at least one lakh people to attend .
The party 's state unit has opened an online registration and is using the social media , including Facebook , Twitter , and WhatsApp to personally invite the youth , techies , educated class and prominent citizens to the venue , assuring them of seating arrangements .
In the run-up to the state election , due in late April and early May 2018 , the BJP conducted the yatra , crisscrossing nearly all the 224 constituencies of the Assembly across the state after its national president Amit Shah flagged it off .
The yatra was led by its state unit president and former Chief Minister BS Yeddyurappa and party 's other state leaders .
Italian police said they have arrested a young man suspected of opening fire on foreigners from a vehicle in central Italy on Saturday , wounding several people .
After the attack in the town of Macerata , the suspect got out of their car and made a fascist salute while wearing a tricolour scarf , according to Italian media .
They were allegedly found to be carrying a gun when they were arrested .
Six people including “ people of colour ” have allegedly been injured , four of them seriously , media reported .
Police said in a tweet that “ the wounded persons are of foreign nationality ” .
The attack comes a day after a Nigerian asylum-seeker was arrested in Macerata over the gruesome killing of an 18-year-old Italian woman whose dismembered body was discovered in suitcases earlier this week .
However , no official link has been made between the two incidents .
Oh hello , Caroline Flack looking damn FINE
You know that lil ' thing you do after a breakup where you change near enough everything about your appearance in order to feel like a brand spankin ' new singleton ? !
Lets call it the post-split glow up .
Well , for some , the ending of Love Island was kinda like a split- there were tears and there were 4am bottles of wine . Heck , it was one degree of commitment away from being a full blown flipping divorce !
So much so , Love Island host Caroline Flack has even had a post-split glow up- having undergone a lil ' makeover following the season finale !
Taking to Instagram , Love Island host Caroline has shared a selfie of their new look- revealing a v. flattering blunt bob !
See : Did Love Island 's ‘ Muggy ' Mike Thalassitis just drop a HUGE hint about ‘ romance ' with Caroline Flack ? !
Captioning the snap ‘ Bob is back … say Hi bob ' , fans have been quick to compliment Caroline on their post-split glow up- with comments reading messages such as ‘ Flackers you beauty ! The bob suits you ! ' and ‘ Love this look ! Suits you ' .
Yup , we 'd like to say an almighty hello to Bob too please Caroline !
Bob is back … say Hi bob A post shared by Caroline ( @ carolineflack ) on Aug 11 , 2017 at 1:45pm PDT
The Love Island lady 's gorge new-look follows them receiving a teeny tiny bit of Flack ( see what we did there ? ! ) over their Love Island final look .
See : Caroline Flack 's NIPPLES send viewers into meltdown during Love Island final
Despite Caroline being able to don just about anything ( including a bin bag ) and still look amaze , some viewers had felt the pink dress the lady wore for the final left little to the imagination- with many claiming to be able to see them nipples .
Yup , shock horror- Caroline Flack has nipples .
We 're sure Cazza was n't too concerned with all the nipple talk , however , as the lady still managed to rock the finale of our beloved Love Island .
Listen guys , you just should n't diss Love Island royalty . Okay ? It 's seven years bad luck .
Alice Perry
Mountain biking is the highlight in this week 's KOHO Outdoor Report , talking with Travis Hornby of the Evergreen Mountain Bike Alliance , from No . 2 Canyon trails to youth summer biking camps . Learn more about work parties , camps and events at their website and Facebook .
All performances of controversial show SLĀV : a theatrical odyssey based on slave songs have been cancelled following protests against the controversial production , which incorporated songs composed by slaves .
The Montreal International Jazz Festival has apologized “ to those who were hurt . It was not our intention at all . ”
READ MORE : Protesters denounce predominantly white show of songs by black slaves at Montreal Jazz Festival
“ We made the decision with the artist Betty Bonifassi to cancel all performances of the show at the festival , ” organizers said in a press release on Wednesday .
The show , directed by Robert Lepage , has been labelled by critics as cultural appropriation .
It was described as a journey “ through traditional Afro-American songs , from cotton fields to construction sites , railroads , from slave songs to prison songs ” by Théatre du Nouveau Monde .
READ MORE : American musician pulls out of Montreal jazz fest because of controversial show
Last week , a group of protesters gathered for the production 's opening night shouting , “ Shame , ” outside the theatre .
Protesters also showed up the next night , with some saying Lepage is profiting off the history , culture and pain of black people .
“ I do n't believe the descendants of the people who wrote these songs are going to see this show , ” said Lucas Charlie Rose , a hip-hop artist who organized the protest .
READ MORE : Montreal Jazz Festival cancels 2 showings of controversial show after singer breaks ankle
White people should not be profiting from the history , culture and pain of black people , they said .
WATCH BELOW : Protest against Jazz Festival show of songs by black slaves
On Tuesday , American musician Moses Sumney pulled out of the Jazz Festival , saying they were disappointed by the festival 's decision to book a show “ in which a majority-white group of singers , led by a white Québécois director , sing African-American slave songs , sometimes dressed as field slaves and cotton pickers . ”
SLĀV , a sold-out show , had been considered one of the most popular events at Montreal 's annual jazz festival .
READ MORE : Protesters rally against ‘ theatrical odyssey based on slave songs ' at Jazz Festival for second day
Ticket holders can get a refund at point of purchase .
The 39th edition of the Montreal International Jazz Festival is on until July 7 .
Pilots employed directly by Ryanair in Dublin , its second largest base , have voted overwhelmingly in favor of taking industrial action in a growing dispute over the airline 's collective bargaining system , the IMPACT trade union said on Monday .
DUBLIN : Pilots employed directly by Ryanair in Dublin , its second largest base , have voted overwhelmingly in favor of taking industrial action in a growing dispute over the airline 's collective bargaining system , the IMPACT trade union said on Monday .
The Irish airline , Europe 's largest by passenger numbers , is trying to recover from a damaging wave of flight cancellations caused by crew rostering problems , while pilots at fewer than a third of its 87 bases have accepted an offer to increase pay .
Several unions across Europe have been preparing for industrial action in a demand for better conditions at Ryanair with its pilots in Italy due to stage the company 's first ever strike by pilots later this week .
The Dublin ballot covered direct employees only , rather than the majority of pilots which the airline hires through agencies . Of the 84 ballots issued , 79 voted in favor of industrial action , with three against and one not returned .
Directly employed pilots are generally at the rank of captain so any strike action would likely cause disruption for passengers at the airline 's home base .
An IMPACT committee that Ireland 's IALPA pilots union operates under will meet on Tuesday to decide on the next steps , a spokesperson for the union said .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Ryanair , which does not recognize trade unions , said in a statement that it has not received notification of any industrial action by its Dublin pilots and that it suspected the ballot was `` more PR activity '' by IALPA .
It said that it instead expected the Dublin pilots to follow colleagues at other Irish bases in Cork , Shannon and Belfast in signing up for a 20 percent pay increase .
`` However , if Ryanair 's Dublin pilots are misled ... into industrial action , then they will lose their favorable rosters and remuneration benefits that are specifically linked by agreement to dealing directly with Ryanair , '' the airline said .
Ryanair told its Dublin pilots last week it would freeze promotions , cut cash allowances and possibly move pilots to alternative bases if they voted in favor of industrial action .
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Pilots have mobilized in the wake of the announcement of 20,000 flight cancellations by the Irish carrier , which it blamed on a lack of standby pilots due to a failure in its rostering following a rule change by Irish regulators .
Ryanair routinely dismisses `` competitor pilot unions '' who it says claim to represent more Ryanair pilots than they do . But several unions in recent weeks have formed company councils and named serving Ryanair pilots as members .
( Reporting by Padraic Halpin ; Editing by Susan Fenton )
related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
6 related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
Belgium 's quarter-final battle with Brazil will be a classic encounter between an unstoppable force and an immovable object when the tournament 's joint best defence comes up against its most free-scoring attack in Kazan on Friday .
SOCHI , Russia : Belgium 's quarter-final battle with Brazil will be a classic encounter between an unstoppable force and an immovable object when the tournament 's joint best defence comes up against its most free-scoring attack in Kazan on Friday .
Brazil have conceded only one goal in this World Cup , the equal most stingy rearguard along with Uruguay , and allowed only five shots on target in four games , the fewest of any side .
Advertisement
Belgium , meanwhile , are the tournament 's top scorers , banging in 12 goals in their four games so far .
Eight of those goals came against Tunisia and Panama , and slim wins against England and Japan have cast some doubt on whether they can impose themselves against better teams .
The much-lauded midfield struggled in the Round of 16 ties against a Japan side who never gave them time on the ball and it was only when Marouane Fellaini came on in the second half to provide some muscle that Belgium took control of the contest .
The Belgians may want to adopt that more robust approach from the start against Brazil in order to give midfield maestros Eden Hazard and Kevin De Bruyne time to make decisive passes .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` We will need power , '' Belgium 's coach Roberto Martinez said in what could be a hint towards their intentions . `` We have to defend as well as we can and then cause them pain when we have the ball . ''
Brazil will likely start with Fernandinho in place of the suspended Casemiro , a change that gives them their own added muscle , but the South Americans could miss the Real Madrid midfielder 's drive going forward .
The match , however , may be won at the other end of the field .
Belgium 's three central defenders are all imposing figures but two of them , Vincent Kompany and Jan Vertonghen , are the wrong side of 30 .
With Kompany still finding their feet after their latest period out through injury , Brazil 's swarming attacks could prove productive against the ageing Belgian backline .
On the flanks , Willian and Philippe Coutinho can stretch defences , and fire in shots and crosses , while Neymar and Gabriel Jesus can also pull defences apart from more central positions .
Belgium will need their wing backs to be operating at full tilt if they are to get back and assist .
Marcelo is fit again for Brazil and could return in place of Filipe Luis at left back , while winger Douglas Costa is back from injury and will be on the bench .
( Reporting by Andrew Downie ; Editing by John O'Brien )
The University of Liverpool announced Wednesday it had received approval from the Department of Education to establish a specialist maths school to provide world-leading maths education for young people with a passion for mathematics .
Government ministers hailed the announcement that the new mathematics school would be the first of its kind in northern England and only the third in the country following the opening of similar schools at King 's College London and the University of Exeter .
The new school , aimed at pre-university age students , will also look to address the gender imbalance that exists in the study of further mathematics .
Minister for the School System , Lord Theodore Agnew , said : “ We want more leading universities to open maths schools and offer broader outreach in their region .
“ This will give even more young people the opportunity to excel in maths , providing them with the knowledge and skills for future success . ”
Agnew said the University of Liverpool , which is creating the new school , will be known as the University of Liverpool Mathematics College ( ULMC ) and will open in 2020 .
The announcement came on the day the British Parliament hosted an event at Westminster for northern universities .
The Chief Secretary to the Treasury Liz Truss said : “ We are hosting northern universities in parliament because we know fewer students in the north of England study maths compared with the south , and we want to change this . ”
“ Maths powers our economy . Studying it to A level and beyond could add around 10 percent to the future earnings of students , putting more money in their pocket and giving them more job opportunities . ”
In addition to giving gifted mathematicians the chance to boost their skills and learn from some of the best minds in the country , the school will also provide professional development programs for maths teachers throughout the region .
Prof. Janet Beer , vice-chancellor of the University of Liverpool , said : “ In today 's global economy it is essential that the UK develops the potential of our most able maths students and this initiative will help respond to that challenge . ”
A spokesperson at the University of Liverpool said : “ Maths is one of the most in-demand skills in the labor market and the Royal Society has outlined maths as the key skill required by employers by 2030 .
“ It is also already the most popular subject at A level , with almost over 84,000 pupils choosing to study it . This is an increase of 20 percent since 2010 . ”
Three trucks loaded with illegal migrants who claimed to be going to Ekiti State to vote in the forthcoming July 14 governorship election were , on Tuesday night , intercepted at Banda village , about four kilometers from Lokoja , along Abuja/Lokoja expressroad .
It was gathered the trucks were stopped on Tuesday night when men of the Nigerian Naval base who mounted road block became suspicious .
While the number of the migrants could not be ascertained , newsmen reports that they were loaded in three trucks with registration numbers XD 1464 LD , SRZ148 XA and KMC 514 ZB respectively .
On interrogation , some of them said they were on their way to Ekiti State to vote , and they produced voters ' cards to buttress their claims , the naval officers said .
Others allegedly claimed that they were travelling to Okene from Abuja where they had gone for business transactions .
Not satisfied with the travellers ' explanations , the men of the Nigerian Navy then transferred them to the Kogi State Command of the Nigerian immigration service for “ proper profiling . ”
Newsmen who visited the state command of the Immigration Service in Lokoja on Wednesday noted that the immigrants were mainly women and young men and some children .
When contacted , the Public Relations Officer of the Kogi State Command of the Nigerian Immigration Service , Olasunkanmi Salami , confirmed the story but said that the travellers were still being profiled to ascertain who they were and their exact missions .
They said , “ They were intercepted by men of the Nigerian Navy and handed over to us .
“ We are still profiling them and I will get back to you when we conclude the profiling . ”
They are yet to get back to newsmen as at the time of filing this report .
Camillus Community Coalition offering free Naloxone training
The Camillus Community Coalition on Substance Abuse , in partnership with the Camillus Police Department and ACR Health , is offering free Naloxone training on Thursday , January 5 , 2017 at the West Genesee High School . Pre-registration is NOT necessary and training slots are 4PM-5PM , 5PM-6PM , 6PM-7PM , 7PM-8PM and 8PM-9PM . Participants will receive a voucher for a free Naloxone kit .
Share this : Facebook
Email
LinkedIn
Reddit
Twitter
Google
Related
Comment on this Story
The Hugo Awards , widely considered the most prestigious science fiction and fantasy prizes , were announced Friday , with female authors dominating and N.K . Jemisin winning the award for novel for the second year in a row .
Jemisin , who became the first black author to win the Hugo 's novel award last year ( for `` The Fifth Season '' ) , won again with the book 's sequel , `` The Obelisk Gate . '' The third and final book in Jemisin 's trilogy , `` The Stone Sky , '' will be released Tuesday .
The awards were announced at a ceremony at Worldcon 75 , a science fiction festival held this year in Helsinki , Finland .
Female authors also took home the awards for novella ( `` Every Heart a Doorway '' by Seanan McGuire ) , novelette ( `` The Tomato Thief '' by Ursula Vernon ) and short story ( `` Seasons of Glass and Iron '' by Amal El-Mohtar ) . Additionally , legendary fantasy author Ursula K. Le Guin won the related work award for `` Words Are My Matter : Writings About Life and Books , 2000-2016 . '' ( The book beat out “ The Princess Diarist , ” the late Carrie Fisher 's memoir written largely during the filming of the movie `` Star Wars . '' )
Women won both editing awards , with Ellen Datlow taking home the prize in the short form category and Liz Gorinsky winning the long form category .
The Hugo Awards also honor television and movies , and this year , the film `` Arrival '' won for dramatic presentation , long form , beating `` Ghostbusters , '' `` Deadpool '' and the first season of the television show `` Stranger Things . ''
CAPTION Bea and Leah Koch opwned The Ripped Bodice in Culver City to share their love of romance books . Bea and Leah Koch opwned The Ripped Bodice in Culver City to share their love of romance books . CAPTION Bea and Leah Koch opwned The Ripped Bodice in Culver City to share their love of romance books . Bea and Leah Koch opwned The Ripped Bodice in Culver City to share their love of romance books . CAPTION Reuben Martinez , whose barbershop became Libreria Martinez Books and Art Gallery , has received the L.A. Times Festival of Books 2016 Innovator award . Reuben Martinez , whose barbershop became Libreria Martinez Books and Art Gallery , has received the L.A. Times Festival of Books 2016 Innovator award . CAPTION In cafes and bars , skate shops and co-working spaces , books are popping up everywhere in Los Angeles — and as more than just decor . In cafes and bars , skate shops and co-working spaces , books are popping up everywhere in Los Angeles — and as more than just decor . CAPTION Jade Chang 's debut novel , `` The Wangs Vs . The World , '' hit bestseller lists last fall . We catch up with the Angeleno to find out how their life has changed . Jade Chang 's debut novel , `` The Wangs Vs . The World , '' hit bestseller lists last fall . We catch up with the Angeleno to find out how their life has changed . CAPTION Deyan Audio Services brings audiobooks to life in the Valley with help of ace actors , narrators . Deyan Audio Services brings audiobooks to life in the Valley with help of ace actors , narrators .
The dramatic presentation , short form , award went to `` Leviathan Wakes , '' an episode of the television series `` The Expanse . ''
This was another bad year for the groups known as `` Sad Puppies '' and `` Rabid Puppies , '' who advocate against diversity in science fiction and fantasy , and who have previously tried to game the awards with bloc voting . Vox Day , the `` Rabid Puppies '' leader who has described Jemisin as an `` ignorant half-savage , '' lost the editor , long form , award to Gorinsky .
The complete list of the 2017 Hugo Award winners can be found here .
MANCHESTER , England : A player moaning about their 65,000 pounds a week salary ; another handing in a transfer request 24 hours before the first game and suspicious injuries to players known to want to leave for bigger money elsewhere .
The final week of build-up to the new Premier League season encapsulated the worst of the world 's most popular weekly football product - greed , disloyalty and A tone-deaf insensitivity to the fans whose money keeps the whole circus running .
It can be tawdry at times and accompanied by the non-stop cacophony of 24/7 television and radio coverage , the close season can test the loyalty of even the most fanatical .
But it took just 90 minutes of actual football to show just why it is the most watched league around the globe .
Arsenal 's 4-3 win over Leicester could n't have been better scripted as an opening night showcase - the Gunners ' new French striker Alexandre Lacazette scored just 94 seconds into their debut .
Leicester , whose title win two seasons ago was the league 's ultimate fairytale , then fought back to go 2-1 up , only for Arsenal to grab victory with two goals in the last seven minutes .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Yes , the experts could point out some of the poor defending and tut-tut at Arsenal conceding three goals at home but for most fans it was just simply great entertainment .
It was a similar story in Saturday 's early game where Liverpool , reeling from Brazilian star Philippe Coutinho 's transfer request on Friday after two rejected bids from Barcelona , showed their problems are at the other end of the field , with defensive lapses behind their 3-3 draw at Watford .
But again , while Liverpool fans may have been frustrated at such a start , the rest of us were hardly complaining at 13 goals in the opening two games .
The first half of Everton against Stoke showed that the Premier League can be scrappy and physical , and it was goalless until just before the break when Wayne Rooney 's beautiful header put the home side ahead .
It highlighted another key element in the Premier League success story - the personalities and narratives that turn even a mundane game into a talking point .
Rooney 's goal came on their emotional return to their boyhood club after 13 years at Manchester United and after they were written off as a spent force by so many pundits .
While Rooney was basking in adulation , with the old chant of their name being heard from the Gwladys Street end for the first time in over a decade , the defending champions were in the midst of providing the first major upset of the season .
Opponents Burnley had been forced to sell their striker Andre Gray to Watford on Wednesday while Chelsea were content to leave their £70 million striker Alvaro Morata on the bench .
But after Chelsea skipper Gary Cahill was sent off in the 14th minute Burnley took a 3-0 lead into the break , and while they had to hang on to secure a 3-2 win , in the end a team that had managed just one away win all last season triumphed against a club with vastly superior resources .
Such results happen in other leagues too from time to time . However there is no doubt that the smaller clubs in the Premier League consistently provide a much tougher test to the elite clubs than in Europe 's other top leagues .
The expressions on the faces of Chelsea 's expensive stars as the Clarets pulled them apart in the first half said it all .
On Sunday at Old Trafford , another debutant striker became an instant hero to their new fans as Romelu Lukaku scored twice in Manchester United 's 4-0 crushing of West Ham .
Love or loathe United , there is no doubt that the Premier League benefits from having the 20-times champions as real contenders , something they have n't been since Alex Ferguson retired in 2013 . The many foreign fans present on Sunday , proudly purchasing their replica shirts , are testament to the club 's global appeal and their commercial power .
With the transfer window still open until the end of August - though many would prefer it to close before the season - the headlines for the next two weeks will continue to be dominated by transfers and wages that appear headed towards hyper-inflation .
Tottenham defender Danny Rose 's ill-advised complaints at earning more than twice in one week than the national average annual salary do not help the image of the game among the general public in Britain .
But as crass as it can be at times , the Premier League showed this weekend why so much of the world is addicted to it .
Unpredictable , with personalities , heroes and villains in abundance , drawing talent from around the world and yet still , somehow , maintaining just enough local tradition to fuel rivalries and generate passion , it is the world 's greatest soap opera .
( Reporting by Simon Evans ; Editing by Gareth Jones )
There 's still a long way to go , but the summer 2018 movie landscape is refreshingly more female-focused than years past . With blockbusters like Ocean 's 8 set to storm the box office and dramas like On Chesil Beach prepared to hit you in the feels , women are very much represented onscreen this season .
The same ca n't be said for offscreen : The majority of movies coming out this summer are directed by men , which is disappointing but not all that surprising . The industry is n't quite 50-50 yet , but you can help move that dial along by checking out the movies directed by women this summer . These 13 films all have women at the helm and tell interesting , compelling , and , most important , entertaining stories . From dramas like Woman Walks Ahead ( starring Jessica Chastain ) to indie comedies like Social Animals , these movies deserve your time and money just as much as Jurassic World : Fallen Kingdom . .
Yesterday , a disgruntled group of DC fans decided they 'd had enough of its harsh treatment towards their beloved DCEU franchise , and announced a counter attack against Disney and its Marvel and Star Wars properties . They will begin first by crashing the audience score for Black Panther on Rotten Tomatoes . Initially , it sounded like bold , buttery nonsense . But the aggregated movie review site is taking the threat seriously , and vow to stop these rage-fueled knuckleheads from tampering with their rating system .
`` We at Rotten Tomatoes are proud to have become a platform for passionate fans to debate and discuss entertainment and we take that responsibility seriously . While we respect our fans ' diverse opinions , we do not condone hate speech . Our team of security , network and social experts continue to closely monitor our platforms and any users who engage in such activities will be blocked from our site and their comments removed as quickly as possible . ''
This 'dissed and pissed ' band of merrymakers are officially calling themselves `` Down with Disney 's Treatment of Franchises and its Fanboys . '' Which is quite the mouthful . They are 3,700 strong and growing , and plan to flood Rotten Tomatoes with poor audience rankings for this month 's Black Panther . While the movie has a predominately black cast , race is apparently not the issue . Black Panther is just the first Marvel movie to come along , after it is believed upset fans torched The Last Jedi ranking on Rotten Tomatoes , something the site claims is n't true . And they stand behind the Star Wars 8 score as being legitimate .
Black Panther is tracking for a stellar $ 130 million opening , with the standalone adventure set to possibly have one of Marvel 's biggest openings ever for a solo superhero effort . Rotten Tomatoes has completely denounced the DC-loving hate group .
Down with Disney have officially launched an initiative that they 've labeled `` Give Black Panther a Rotten Audience Score on Rotten Tomatoes . '' And since news hit yesterday , they 're grouped has grown by more than a thousand strong . The same group claimed back in December that it was responsible for The Last Jedi 's low audience score , but that has never been proven to be true . Their major gripe is that Disney is paying off reviewers and the press , and that the studio is also purposely creating negative buzz for all DC and Warner Bros. superhero projects . All of which is 100 % not true . Disney has never paid off any reviewer for a Star Wars review . And it 's pretty clear that DC has had no problem creating its own negative press towards its projects .
Shortly after Rotten Tomatoes vowed to stop this cyber team , their collected Facebook group vanished , indicating that they 've gone stealth . Facebook was unreachable for comment in the matter . Following the Charlottesville , Virginia white supremacist rally , CEO Mark Zuckerberg has vowed to stop and all hate speech on its platform and it 's possible the site pulled the plug on Down with Disney . But it 's likely that these guys have found some other hole in the Internet to gather inside of and plan their attacks being broadcast way in advance , eliminating all element of surprise like a couple of true text book millennials who want high fives and pats on the backs for things they have n't even accomplished yet .
Down with Disney has also vowed to take down Infinity War and Ant-Man and the Wasp . Black Panther is the 18th movie in the MCU and it hits theaters this February . Perhaps we should ignore DWD 's cries for attention and instead focus on the positive , like Octavia Spencer buying out a theater for underprivileged kids so they get a chance to watch Black Panther . This initial report came from The Hollywood Reporter .
Thiruvananthapuram : A controversy has erupted over Kerala Assembly Speaker P Sreeramakrishnan purchasing a pair of spectacles for nearly Rs 50,000 and getting the amount reimbursed from the cash-starved state exchequer .
The information with regard to the costly glasses emerged this morning , a day after the presentation of the CPM-led LDF government 's 2018-19 Budget which advocated stringent financial discipline to tide over the crisis .
Replying to an RTI query by Advocate DB Binu of Kochi , the legislature secretariat has stated that the Speaker spent Rs 49,900 for spectacles — Rs 4,900 for the frame and Rs 45,000 for the lens .
The Speaker had also got medical reimbursement Rs 4.25 lakh from 5 October , 2016 to 19 January , this year .
Meanwhile , reacting to the row , the Speaker said it was that the spectacles had been purchased .
Binu told PTI that they had also sought the copies of the bills son doctor 's advise ubmitted by Sreeramakrishnan which had not been given and hence they would approach the state Information Commission against the furnishing of incomplete disclosure by the assembly secretariat .
Earlier , Health Minister KK Shylaja had landed in a controversy after they purchased spectacles worth Rs 28,000 and got it reimbursed from the exchequer .
There were also allegations that Shylaja had forged documents to claim reimbursement of medical expenses for their husband and the Vigilance and Anti-Corruption Bureau has begun a preliminary probe on a complaint from BJP state general secretary K Surendran .
In 2004 , the then Speaker Vakkom Purushothaman had put a cap on the reimbursement of the price of spectacles frames saying it should not exceed Rs 5,000 after it was found that huge amounts were being claimed by members , Binu said .
`` , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 970x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` ix_aol_om '' : [ `` 728x90_5000 '' ] , '' ix_aol_id '' : [ `` _1DF9qfZ1 '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' `` , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' AolHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 57_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,250 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 55_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 970,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } , { `` targeting '' : { `` rpfl_XXXX '' : [ `` 2_tier7000 '' ] , '' rpfl_elemid '' : [ `` _g7Apgheo '' ] } , '' price '' :4500 , '' adm '' : '' '' , '' size '' : [ 728,90 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' RubiconHtb '' } ] , '' other_square_desktop '' : [ { `` targeting '' : { `` IOM '' : [ `` 300x600_5000 '' ] , '' ix_id '' : [ `` _VY8yOJVM '' ] } , '' price '' :5000 , '' adm '' : '' certification testing : 5_5000 ( 1520325519 ) `` , '' size '' : [ 300,600 ] , '' partnerId '' : '' IndexExchangeHtb '' } ] } , '' page '' : [ ] } ; } if ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' & & demand ! = null ) { updateIXrender ( demand ) ; } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol : ( typeof location.protocol ! = 'undefined ' ) ? location.protocol.substring ( 0 , location.protocol.indexOf ( ' : ' ) ) : 'http ' , server : 'adserver.adtech.de ' , network : '1695.1 ' , params : { loc : '100 ' } } ; ADTECH.config.placements [ 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop ' ] = { responsive : { useresponsive : true , bounds : [ { id : 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_mobile ' , min : 0 , max : 899 } , { id : 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_tablet ' , min : 900 , max : 1279 } , { id : 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop ' , min : 1280 , max : 9999 } ] } , sizeid : '2466 ' , fif : { usefif : true , disableFriendlyFlag : true } , params : { target : '_blank ' } , kv : ( typeof HBKEYVALUES ! = `` undefined '' ) ? Object.assign ( { `` site '' : `` www.eurosport.ru '' , '' position '' : `` top '' , '' page '' : `` live '' , '' sport '' : `` 57 '' , '' recurring_event '' : `` 565 '' , '' competition '' : `` 10 '' , '' sponso '' : `` on '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } , HBKEYVALUES [ getHtSlotName ( `` other_top_desktop_sponso_on '' , '' other_top_tablet_sponso_on '' , '' other_top_mobile_sponso_on '' ) ] ) : { `` site '' : `` www.eurosport.ru '' , '' position '' : `` top '' , '' page '' : `` live '' , '' sport '' : `` 57 '' , '' recurring_event '' : `` 565 '' , '' competition '' : `` 10 '' , '' sponso '' : `` on '' , '' abbr '' : ( typeof adtechCCfullstring ! = 'undefined ' ) ? adtechCCfullstring : `` } } ; ADTECH.enqueueAd ( 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop ' ) ; ADTECH.executeQueue ( ) ; } if ( window.headertag ! = undefined ) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand ( [ { htSlotName : getHtSlotName ( `` other_top_desktop_sponso_on '' , '' other_top_tablet_sponso_on '' , '' other_top_mobile_sponso_on '' ) } ] , lazyLoadedIX ) ; } else { console.error ( 'Wrapper is not loaded , let\ 's just carry on with the request ' ) ; lazyLoadedIX ( null ) ; } } -- >
The critical acclaim for HBO 's Big Little Lies is n't surprising to anyone who has seen it , nor is it shocking that the mini-series has received numerous nominations and awards . In addition to winning eight Emmys ( including the coveted Outstanding Limited Series ) , it was just nominated for six Golden Globe Awards , with five of them acknowledging the outstanding acting in the first season . And while the series certainly delivers a compelling storyline , intriguing characters , and a suspenseful central mystery , its overarching themes of empowerment are what became extra noteworthy , especially in light of what 2017 has meant for women .
The series ' five female leads—Madeline , Celeste , Jane , Bonnie , and Renata—are flawed in many ways . They 're extremely privileged and unlikeable at times . And yet , in other moments , they 're so relatable . Ultimately , they reflect traits we recognize within ourselves , even if we do n't want to . These characteristics are the kind that are often awarded to male leads in television ( think : Don Draper or Walter White ) , but instead of presenting women through an idealistic lens , Big Little Lies offers its female characters with a sense of bluntness . These women are all finding their voices in their own way , and they 're done apologizing for it .
The final scenes of the first season leave the viewer with a powerful image . Despite their differences , these women rally together to unite against Celeste 's husband , Perry , who is revealed to be both a domestic abuser and a rapist . ( Of course , the audience knows all along that Perry abuses Celeste ; it 's the plot-twist that he 's also Jane 's assaulter that some viewers did n't see coming . ) And while the women are forming an alliance against Perry , they also form a barrier of support for both Celeste and Jane . This unity happens almost wordlessly , as though it was a natural progression .
It 's hard not to equate those visuals with what 's been happening over the past few months for women all over the world . Ever since the initial story broke about Harvey Weinstein earlier this fall , the floodgates have opened and paved the way for many women to speak up about traumas they otherwise might have kept inside for months , years , or decades . The # MeToo movement on social media has provided a platform for survivors of assault and harassment to come forward , knowing they 'll have the support of others who are doing the same . And for the survivors who choose to remain silent , the wave of women coming forward has undoubtedly helped many feel less alone . That same solidarity exists within the pages of the Big Little Lies script , albeit in a different way .
Of course , the story behind Big Little Lies is not new—Liane Moriarty published the novel that inspired the series in 2014—but it might not be a coincidence that the series became a huge hit at the same time that women all over the world became angrier and angrier . We 're fed up with a culture that blames victims and does n't bring consequences to dangerous men . After all , it was a little over a year ago when the Access Hollywood tapes went viral and the world heard Donald Trump bragging about grabbing women “ by the pussy. ” And yet they still went on to become president , an event that undoubtedly created a breeding ground for the # MeToo movement . An undeniable rage has been bubbling under the surface , waiting to break through at the right moment .
That same subtle rage exists throughout the first seven episodes of Big Little Lies . It 's seen in every one of the female leads , and it manifests in different ways . For Celeste , it 's every step they take to free themselves from Perry 's abuse . In Jane 's case , it 's the gun they keep underneath their pillow , the anguish they feel when their son asks about their father . For Renata , it 's the ache for justice , the relentless pursuit of vindication on behalf of their daughter . Madeline 's rage stems from their unhappiness , the bleakness they feel about their life but masks with a perky smile . And for Bonnie , it 's constantly being misunderstood , the endless frustration of never being adequately listened to .
At various points in the season , we see the raw emotions of all of these women rise to the peak , along with a breaking in their composure . It happens in bits and pieces—like Jane running breathlessly on the beach , or Renata screaming their head off by the pool . It 's over as fast as it began , but those moments—those tiny slivers of release—are so , so familiar for women . We feel them every day , over and over and over , and they 've been magnified over the past few months . But for many of us , we 're no longer holding back . We are no longer apologizing . We 're no longer afraid .
The timing of Big Little Lies could not be more perfect in conjunction with the national conversation , and the series ' critical recognition is concrete proof that viewers want to see more shows that empower women and encourage them to use their voices . There is n't a woman in this world that has n't wanted to scream endlessly into a void at some point in their life ; Big Little Lies showed us that it 's OK to do just that .
A leading armed forces charity is calling on Sussex residents to help form strong support groups in their communities .
The Sussex branch of SSAFA – formerly known as the Soldiers , Sailors , Airmen and Families Association –say its latest research has found that almost half ( 41 per cent ) of British veterans , aged 25-45 , have felt lonely , isolated , or suicidal since leaving the armed forces .
In a bid to meet this need and ensure no veteran 's call goes unanswered , the SSAFA Sussex Branch is urgently appealing to local residents to join its network of dedicated volunteers and provide support .
Christine Cribb , head of volunteering at SSAFA , said : “ Our research has highlighted just how many veterans are feeling lonely and isolated during that pivotal transition to civilian life . After all they have given us , we feel it is our duty to make sure that every veteran receives the help and support they need during this time .
“ You can help SSAFA reach more veterans in Sussex by joining our network of dedicated volunteers . They have sacrificed a great deal for us , so now it 's our turn to support them . Please get in touch with one of our team to find out more . ”
The transition back to civilian life after leaving the military can be difficult for some veterans . Their employment , living arrangements , financial stability , and personal lifestyles all change at once as they leave behind their usual support networks and try to acclimatise to their new life .
SSAFA volunteer caseworkers provide support to veterans and their families who are in need . This could include access to financial assistance , advice and support on personal affairs , and access to special equipment for those with disabilities .
In addition to volunteer case workers , the SSAFA Sussex Branch is also looking to recruit a new branch secretary and branch treasurer to help continue its vital work with veterans and their families in Sussex .
Branch secretaries are responsible for the day to day running of the branch and provide support to all the other volunteers in the area .
Branch treasurers are responsible for the management of all the branch funds and accounts . Experience of accountancy , financial and audit processes are desirable , but a forces background is not essential .
If you are interested in joining the SSAFA Sussex Branch team as a caseworker , Branch Secretary , or Branch Treasurer , please visit www.ssafa.org.uk/newrecruits or call 0800 032 5612 .
related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
10 related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
Italian fashion label Fendi played with textures in its Haute Couture collection in Paris on Wednesday , overlaying see-through bodices with fur trimmings and creating shimmering , scaly skirts .
PARIS : Italian fashion label Fendi played with textures in its Haute Couture collection in Paris on Wednesday , overlaying see-through bodices with fur trimmings and creating shimmering , scaly skirts .
Elaborate winter coats and dresses in apricot pink and lavendar hues melded together chiffon , mink and other fabrics such as cashmere , to create cascading effects . Some looks included intricate , sequin-filled latticework .
Advertisement
Rome-based Fendi has long been known for its furs , and has continued to put them forward at a time when many other brands are dropping them from collections , under pressure from changing consumer tastes and animal rights campaigners .
Italy 's Gucci , owned by Kering one of the fastest-growing labels of recent years , is going fur-free as of this year , and independent fashion house Versace recently said it was following suit .
The Fendi show was octogenerian German designer Karl Lagerfeld 's second outing at Haute Couture week in Paris - the season of fashion shows celebrating one-off creations by a select group of houses .
Lagerfeld , who forms a creative duo at Fendi along with the founding family 's scion Silvia Venturini Fendi , also presented their latest turn at France 's Chanel on Wednesday against an elaborate catwalk backdrop that recreated Parisian street scenes .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Fendi , part of France 's luxury conglomerate LVMH that also includes Christian Dior and Givenchy , is under new management following a merry-go-round of executive reshuffling within the group last year to give brands fresh impetus .
Serge Brunschwig , who previously worked at Dior , became Fendi 's CEO in earlier this year . ( US $ 1 = 0.8595 euros )
( Reporting by Sarah White , Editing by William Maclean )
A member of the Plainfield Fire Department has been accused of sexual misconduct at the department , according to Plainfield Police , and officers are investigating .
Police said they executed a search and seizure warrant at the Plainfield Fire Department at 620 Norwich Road around 5:30 p.m. Thursday .
During the search , other departments were put on notice with help from the Quinebaug Valley Emergency Communications to provide coverage to the Plainfield Fire District area and public safety was a priority and was not at risk , police said .
Authorities said there is an active investigation , but no additional information has been released .
SHANGHAI : Three knife-wielding attackers have killed five people and injured five others in China 's far western region of Xinjiang before police killed the `` thugs '' , a regional government said .
The attack took place on Tuesday evening in Pishan county in the restive southern part of Xinjiang , the government of Hotan prefecture said in a short statement on its website early on Wednesday .
`` At present , social order is normal at the site , society is stable , and investigation work is under way , '' it said , without giving further details about the attackers or their motive .
Hundreds of people have been killed in recent years in resource-rich Xinjiang , on the borders of central Asia and Pakistan , in violence between members of the ethnic Uighur minority and majority Han Chinese .
The government has blamed much of the unrest on separatist Islamist militants , although rights groups and exiles say anger at Chinese controls on the religion and culture of Muslim Uighurs is more to blame for the violence . China denies any repression in Xinjiang .
Hotan , a one-time Silk Road outpost , is considered part of the Uighur heartland .
( Reporting by John Ruwitch )
NEW YORK , N.Y. ( WAVY ) — An e-commerce website is under fire for advertising plus-size tights using thin models who are seen stretching out the fabric up to their faces , apparently an attempt to show how large the tights are .
In one of the photos on Wish.com , which sells inexpensive products directly to consumers from Chinese manufacturers , a model fits their entire body into just one leg of the tights , which are $ 2 and come in black or nude .
Critics have taken to social media to blast the company for being insensitive .
“ I 'm so p * * * * * off , how is this an actual ad for plus size tights ? ” one person wrote on Twitter .
“ Bad day for Wish , who thought it was a good idea to promote plus-size tights using thin models putting their entire bodies in them to show how massive they are , ” wrote another .
“ What is the point they are trying to make here ? That our thunder thighs are so big that their model can fit their entire body into a pair of our tights ? ” said Cosmopolitan fashion writer Laura Capon .
Requests for comment from Wish.com were not immediately returned .
There was a similar controversy related to a pair of leggings sold on Amazon this summer .
related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
2 related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
Chinese conglomerate HNA Group Co-Chairman Wang Jian died during a business trip in France on July 3 in what local police said appeared to be an accidental fall from a wall while posing for a photograph .
BEIJING/MARSEILLE , France : Chinese conglomerate HNA Group Co-Chairman Wang Jian died during a business trip in France on July 3 in what local police said appeared to be an accidental fall from a wall while posing for a photograph .
Wang , 57 , is regarded as the architect of an eye-popping US $ 50 billion acquisition spree that saw HNA accumulate assets ranging from a stake in Deutsche Bank AG to high-profile overseas properties . Under pressure from Beijing , HNA has since sold off many of those assets to slash debt .
Advertisement
They were in charge of HNA 's strategy and ran day-to-day operations , sources familiar with the matter have said , while their fellow chairperson and co-founder Chen Feng was often the public face of the group .
Wang fell 15 meters off a wall in the village of Bonnieux , near Avignon , a picturesque area popular with tourists , lieutenant-colonel Hubert Meriaux of the Vaucluse gendarmerie force told Reuters .
`` He stood on the edge of a sharp drop to get their family to take a picture of them and fell , '' they said .
Wang held a 15 percent stake in HNA , which has been often criticized for its opaque ownership structure . It is controlled by a New York-based foundation and a China-based charity that together hold 52 percent of HNA shares . Chen also holds a 15 percent stake .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Shareholders have promised that in the event of leaving the company or dying they would pass their stakes to the New York charity fund , according to a document seen by Reuters .
An aviation-to-financial services conglomerate that owns Hainan Airlines Co , HNA 's recent sales include holdings in companies such as Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc , Park Hotels & Resorts and Spain 's NH Hotels .
Wang told employees earlier this year that the company 's difficulties were the result of a `` major conspiracy '' against the ruling Communist Party and President Xi Jinping by foreign and domestic `` reactionary forces '' , according to an internally-distributed email .
However , the embattled group appeared to have won a reprieve of sorts recently , when at a meeting held by China 's central bank , lenders were told to `` support '' HNA bonds , Bloomberg and the Financial Times reported last month .
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Wang graduated from the Civil Aviation University of China with a degree in airline management and held an MBA from the Maastricht School of Management in the Netherlands .
`` HNA Group extends the deepest condolences to Mr. Wang 's family and many friends , '' HNA 's board and management team said in a statement .
`` Together , we mourn the loss of an exceptionally gifted leader and role model , whose vision and values will continue to be a beacon for all who had the good fortune to know him , as well as for the many others whose lives they touched through their work and philanthropy . ''
Social media posts about Wang 's death appeared to have been censored on China 's tightly controlled internet soon after the news was announced by the group . `` HNA Wang Jian died '' briefly ranked 11th on Twitter-like Weibo 's hot topics page , but was quickly gone from the top 50 .
`` It 's really shocking news to us , '' said an employee who works in finance at HNA , declining to give their name .
`` Everyone in the office is talking about it , but we do n't know what impact it will have on the company 's direction . ''
( Reporting by Se Young Lee and Jean-Francois Rosnoblet ; Additional reporting by Elias Glenn , Pei Li , Min Zhang and Lusha Zhang in Beijing , Emmanuel Jarry in Paris , Julie Zhu in Hong Kong and Adam Jourdan and Brenda Goh in Shanghai ; Writing by Tony Munroe ; Editing by Edwina Gibbs )
The recent open letter by former President Olusegun Obasanjo to President Muhammadu Buhari to decline seeking reelection next year is all politics , National Leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress ( APC ) , Asiwaju Bola Tinubu , declared yesterday .
Tinubu told reporters in Owerri , Imo State , that Obasanjo could have conveyed their opinion to Buhari privately .
The former Lagos State governor , in company with the pioneer National Chairman of the APC , Chief Bisi Akande , was in the Imo State capital on their way to Awka , Anambra State , to attend the funeral of Second Republic Vice President Alex Ekwueme .
They also said the APC would respond at the appropriate time to the emergence of the Coalition for Nigeria being promoted by Obasanjo .
Tinubu said Obasanjo ought to have exploited a better way of communicating their observations about the Buhari administration other than their open letter if they were not politically motivated .
“ I think Obasanjo was playing politics with their public letter . That 's all I see . They could have used other means ; they met them ( Buhari ) in the AU ( African Union ) too . They have a way of discussing privately , but the letter is being responded to by the government .
“ Obasanjo wrote it about the government . It is a very good awareness on their part and they are both ( Obasanjo and Buhari ) from the same background .
“ I believe that is the doctrine of military officers ( retired ) because they have unrestricted access to the President , either through the Council of State or by any other means that they need to see the current president privately and they were their junior in the army . ”
The APC leader then said jokingly that the letter was not written to him .
In the Coalition for Nigeria , Tinubu said it was still too early to respond to the development . The APC , they said , would respond to the emergence of the coalition at the “ appropriate time ” .
Their words : “ The appropriate time is not now for response on the Coalition Movement but we are in a democracy .
“ We are in a country that is a signatory to the Charter of the United Nation which guarantees free movement , free association and free speech . ”
On the reason for their visit , they said : “ The governor ( Rochas Okorocha ) is a very good friend and the government that is here is our government , the APC government . “ We are here to pay final respect to the gentleman and nationalist , Alex Ekwueme . ”
Pirates are taking over Port Colborne .
Captain John Swallow and quarter master Seika Hellbound are hosting Pyrate Lore and Harbour Walks every Thursday evening . The two pirates are offering a unique insight into the history of Port Colborne , the Welland Canal and Lake Erie . During the 90-minute walk , Swallow and Hellbound talk to visitors about shipwrecks , treasure , smuggling and some of the facts and fiction surrounding the Great Lakes .
Swallow and Hellbound said they do n't want to give all their stories away , but they could share that there are many shipwrecks in Lake Erie . Swallow said there are in fact more shipwrecks in Lake Erie per square mile than there are in all the Great Lakes combined .
“ We have more shipwrecks in part of Lake Erie than there are in the Bermuda Triangle . And that 's part of Lake Erie – it has four times as many shipwrecks as the entire Bermuda Triangle , ” Swallow said .
There are more than 1,400 shipwrecks and two planes at the bottom of Lake Erie . Hellbound said every so often divers will find another wreck .
Swallow said although many of the wrecks were caused by the weather , a number of them went down due to piracy . Near Long Point , Swallow said a great number of ships went down because of mooncussers . Mooncussers were pirates would would extinguish the flame of lighthouses and build fires further down the coast to attract merchant ships . When ships would approach the new fire they would run aground and pirates would loot the ships .
“ It 's not Hollywood 's version of piracy . Piracy for the most part is n't going after a ship that 's got gold or jewels . For the most part it 's going after commodities , ” Hellbound said .
On the Great Lakes , pirates would go after goods including lumber and venison . Hellbound , who has a degree in history , said if the goods were stolen in Canada , pirates would sell it in the United States and visa versa .
Swallow and Hellbound said there is one famous individual who settled in Port Colborne and was known to be a pirate . They said to find out who that person is people need to come on out for a walk .
“ Someone very important to the history of this region ... that 's as far as I 'm going , ” Hellbound said .
Hellbound and Swallow both bring a unique element to the walk since both lay claim to pirate heritage . Hellbound said they can trace their lineage back to an uncle from nine generations ago who sailed with Blackbeard . Hellbound also has an uncle from the 1600s who left the royal navy to join Peter Easton on their Pirate ship , eventually becoming captain . Easton was a pirate who operated along the Newfoundland coastline between 1611 and 1614 .
Swallow said the walk is easily accessible for everyone . People meet at 7 p.m. every Thursday along the Welland Canal at the corner of West Street and Clarence Street , weather permitting . Tickets are $ 15 for adults and $ 5 for children .
Mallenberg @ postmedia.com
Twitter : @ M_Allenberg
0 Slugfests ! Kershaw wins , Dodgers bang 6 HRs , beat Pirates 8-3
LOS ANGELES ( AP )
— Clayton Kershaw pitched their way to freedom while earning their first win in 2 ½ months .
The three-time NL Cy Young Award winner wo n't be facing any further restrictions in their next start after a solid outing in the Los Angeles Dodgers ' 8-3 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night .
Five Dodgers homered including Max Muncy with a pair , and the team 's six homers were the most they 've hit at home since also launching six on Sept. 9 , 2013 , against Arizona .
`` You want to get guys back in the dugout as fast as possible the way they 're swinging the bats , '' said Kershaw , who was limited by a pitch count in their last three outings .
Ivan Nova ( 4-6 ) became the first pitcher in Pirates history to give up five homers in a game . Pittsburgh has been outscored 25-4 in the first two games of the series .
`` They 're horses over there . It 's a stacked team , '' Pirates third baseman David Freese said . `` They 've just got really good approaches right now and they 're on time , all of them are on time . ''
The Dodgers have 11 homers three days into July and 122 so far this season after slugging a major league-leading and franchise-record 55 in June .
`` It 's pretty remarkable what we 're doing , '' manager Dave Roberts said . `` When I look at what we 've accomplished offensively , we 're in some uncharted territory . ''
Kershaw ( 2-4 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings of their third start since coming off the disabled list . The left-handed ace 's two strikeouts were against Nova and Kershaw did n't walk anyone to earn their first victory since April 15 at Arizona . They had two losses and four straight no-decisions since .
`` His velo is down a little bit but he 's still got that cutter and they work it . He 's just a guy that locates , '' Freese said . `` You can sense when he 's out there that they trust every pitch he 's about to throw . That 's that makes them really good . ''
Kershaw had not gone as late as July 3 with just one win since their rookie year in 2008 when they did n't earn their second victory until Aug. 7 .
`` It 's kind of what we wanted , '' Roberts said of Kershaw . `` The fifth and sixth innings were probably the best for me . The ball came out well . We can feel confident going forward the reins are off . ''
Joc Pederson and Muncy homered back-to-back for the second straight game .
Pederson sent Nova 's first pitch of the game over the right-field wall and Muncy followed with a shot to center field for a 2-0 lead .
`` They have a really good lineup but we 've got to be able to do a better job than that , '' Nova said .
Muncy led off the third with their team-high 20th homer for a 3-1 lead . They reached 20 homers in 183 at-bats , making them the fastest Dodger to reach the mark , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Cody Bellinger set the record at 189 at-bats last year .
`` I never thought I could hit this many home runs in such a short amount of time , '' said Muncy , who has played in just 63 games this season .
Freese provided the lone bright spot for the Pirates , going 3 for 3 with a pair of RBI singles that twice cut the Dodgers ' lead to one run , and a solo homer off reliever Yimi Garcia .
Chris Taylor kept the slugfest going in the fourth with a two-run shot that made it 5-2 . They went 3 for 4 with a strikeout and finished a single shy of hitting for the cycle .
`` It seems to be contagious up and down the lineup , which makes it fun in the dugout , '' Taylor said .
Yasmani Grandal led off the sixth with a homer and Taylor doubled to deep center field to chase Nova .
Nova gave up a season-high seven earned runs and nine hits , struck out three and walked two in five innings .
`` It 's not fun to give up that many homers , '' Nova said . `` Sometimes you give up that many runs and you do n't feel that bad , but giving up five homers is too much . ''
Nova 's replacement did n't fare any better . Enrique Hernandez blasted a two-run homer on the first pitch from Dovydas Neverauskas , extending the Dodgers ' lead to 8-2 .
Dodgers slugger Matt Kemp 's run of eight hits in eight consecutive at-bats ended when they struck out to end the first . One night after tying a career high with five hits , including a three-run homer , Kemp was hitless in four at-bats with two other strikeouts .
TRAINER 'S ROOM
Pirates : RHP Joe Musgrove ( right index finger infection ) went on the DL retroactive to June 30 . They were scheduled to start Wednesday 's series finale .
Dodgers : RHP Walker Buehler was moved to the DL retroactive to June 29 . They began a rehab assignment for Single-A Rancho Cucamonga .
UP NEXT
RHP Clay Holmes ( 0-0 , 2.25 ERA ) will replace Musgrove in the series finale on Wednesday . Dodgers LHP Rich Hill ( 1-3 , 4.68 ) took a no-hitter into extra innings in Pittsburgh last August before allowing a walk-off solo homer in the 10th .
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
By Tim Broughton
Sleeper ( goes to ) Cell
On Wednesday , September 27 , at 10:18 a.m. officers of the Santa Monica Police Department were called out to investigate a report of a fight that was in progress at the Santa Monica Place Mall . As the officers were en route to the scene they were informed that the fight was between a Santa Monica Place Mall security guard and an unidentified male subject . The officers arrived at the location and saw that the security guard was on top of the male subject holding them down on the ground . The male subject was then handcuffed by the officers while they began their investigation . The security guard told the officers that they had received a request from the management of the True Foods Restaurant ( located in the mall ) asking them to move a man who was sleeping near the entrance of the business . They said that they went to the restaurant and recognized the sleeping man as being an individual with whom they had experienced numerous other complaints about in the past . They added that they asked this man to leave and that the man arose , began to walk away but as they did so they assaulted the security guard by striking them on the hand causing their cell phone to tumble onto the ground . A brief struggle ensued and the security guard overpowered the suspect until the officers arrived . The officers arrested the suspect , aged 21 and from Los Angeles and they were later charged with battery . Bail was set at $ 20,000 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Not Serene .
On Thursday , September 28 , at 8:41 p.m. officers of the Santa Monica Police Department received a radio call informing them that an assault with a deadly weapon had just happened in the area of Ocean Avenue and Colorado Avenue . The officers hastened to the location and as they were doing so they were told that the suspect had used their automobile as a weapon and had struck several pedestrians . The officers apprehended the suspect vehicle in the 100 block of Colorado and detained the driver while they conducted their investigation . The officers discovered that the driver of the vehicle had been involved in an argument with a pedestrian while the driver was in their car waiting at a red light . At some point during the confrontation the driver had exited their vehicle and approached the pedestrian whereupon the pedestrian had punched the driver in the face . The driver had then returned to their car and retrieved a knife which they then waved around while making threats towards the pedestrian . At that time an uninvolved citizen had intervened in order to attempt to calm the situation and the pedestrian began to walk away , apparently in a calm state of mind . The driver of the car had evidently not relaxed into a similar state of relative serenity because after getting back into their vehicle they drive towards the pedestrian and struck them with the vehicle . Although the victim was less than cooperative with the officers , and declined medical attention , the officers arrested the car driver , aged 27 and from Covina , and they were later charged with assault with a deadly weapon . Bail was set at $ 30,000 .
Declined .
On Sunday , October 1 , at 4:37 p.m. officers of the Santa Monica Police Department were called out to a possible fight that was happening at the Ralph 's Market , located at 1644 Cloverfield Blvd . When the officers arrived they spotted the two individuals involved , namely a man and a woman , and detained them while they investigated . The officers learned that these two people had been involved in a dispute over a financial debt and that the woman had entered the store to use the ATM machine inside the store to withdraw money with which to settle the dept . However , their request for withdrawal was declined by the machine and when they exited the store they told the other party that they were unable to obtain the money . An argument ensued and the female threw a bottle of water at the male before they kicked them in the stomach and punched them in the chest . The victim in this case was desirous of a prosecution so the officers arrested the woman , aged 26 and a resident of Santa Monica and they were later charged with battery . Bail was set at $ 20,000
Editor 's Note : These reports are part of a regular police coverage series entitled “ Alert Police Blotter ” ( APB ) , which injects some minor editorial into certain police activities in Santa Monica . Not all of The Mirror 's coverage of incidents involving police are portrayed in this manner . More serious crimes and police-related activities are regularly reported without editorial in the pages of the Santa Monica Mirror and its website , smmirror.com .
Sami Brady is back !
Days of Our Lives vet Alison Sweeny is returning to the NBC soap opera to reprise their famous role for an extended visit .
Thrilled to be coming home , Sweeney , 40 , told Soap Opera Digest exclusively about their return to the show where they played the iconic character for 21 years .
PHOTOS : Backdoor ‘ Teen Mom ' Farrah Abraham Returns To Porn With Raunchy Lesbian Adult Film
“ From my end , it takes a little bit of logistics with projects I 'm working on , ” they explained .
The former Biggest Loser host admitted that they had a rough time getting back on set .
PHOTOS : The Return Of Honey Boo Boo ! 10 Photos Of Mama June 's Happy Family Reunion
“ And unfortunately , this year 's been hard for me because of my knee injury , so I had to push some stuff back . So , I figured out a schedule , blocked out some time that I had available and we figured it out ! ” they said .
Sweeney told Digest that she 's bringing back the drama in the summer : “ I 'll be shooting in Salem in May and June . ”
Are you excited for them return ? Let us know in the comments !
We pay for juicy info ! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com ? Email us at tips @ radaronline.com , or call us at 800-344-9598 any time , day or night .
1.4K
Twin City BMC conducts raid on various Hotels and Restaurants in Bhubaneswar , seized stale foods
At the nuclear core of a four-page memo released Friday on the ongoing Trump-Russia collusion controversy these incendiary and damning revelations :
That the FBI and U.S. Department of Justice ( DOJ ) misled , misdirected and effectively weaponized information to convince judges on the U.S. Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court ( FISA ) to gain permission in 2016 to spy on Donald Trump 's campaign for what now appears to be nakedly partisan political purposes .
That the Russia collusion conspiracy theory the FBI peddled to receive extraordinary permission to spy on former Trump adviser Carter Page would never have been permitted had the agency told FISA the whole truth .
That the FBI bamboozled FISA into permitting an investigation by legitimizing a sketchy “ dossier ” cooked up by former British intelligence operative Christopher Steele , who told the FBI they were “ desperate ” to ensure Trump did n't get elected and lied to them about leaking details of their dossier to the media .
That the FBI failed to tell FISA judges that Steele , a long-time FBI source , was “ paid over $ 160,000 by the DNC ( Democratic National Committee ) and Clinton campaign ” to create the dossier and dig up “ derogatory information on Donald Trump 's ties to Russia . ”
That the FBI failed to tell the court it terminated Steele for lying to them about the media leaks , or that Steele met , before and after their termination , with then-Associate Deputy Attorney General Bruce Ohr , a senior official with the Department of Justice , and blatantly revealed their bias against Trump to Ohr .
The FBI and DOJ also “ inexplicably concealed ” from the judges during an initial FISA application and three subsequent renewals that Ohr 's wife was employed by a research firm hired by the Democrats “ to assist in the cultivation of opposition research on Trump .
For Canadians , the complex and byzantine web of allegations , charges and counter-charges surrounding the Russia-collusion storyline make for fine political soap opera , though we 're currently awash with that here as well .
However , the memo declassified by Trump Friday should be deeply troubling to all of America 's friends because it suggests law enforcement and intelligence agencies there gained extraordinary permission to spy on American citizens by misleadingly suggesting they were up to no good on behalf of foreign powers .
And in fact it appears that the spies themselves who were up to no good .
“ Our findings… raise concerns with the legitimacy and legality of certain DOJ and FBI interactions with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court ( FISC ) and represent a troubling breakdown of legal processes established to protect the American people , ” said the memo prepared by the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and its chairperson Devin Nunes .
Trump themselves reacted with their usual vigor on Twitter .
The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans – something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago . Rank & File are great people ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) February 2 , 2018
“ The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans – something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago . Rank & File are great people ! ” Trump tweeted .
Trump is not wrong , though the FBI , Democrats , political left and Trump-hating U.S. mainstream media twisted themselves into knots all day trying to spin and justify the stink surrounding the FBI 's methods .
Nunes , in response to the agency 's bleating objections over the release of the memo had this to say :
“ Having stonewalled Congress ' demands for information for nearly a year , it 's no surprise to see the FBI and DOJ issue spurious objections to allowing the American people to see information related to surveillance abuses at these agencies , ” they said in a statement .
“ It 's clear that top officials used unverified information in a court document to fuel a counter-intelligence investigation during an American political campaign , ” Nunes said . “ Once the truth gets out , we can begin taking steps to ensure our intelligence agencies and courts are never misused like this again . ”
“ You had Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party try to hide the fact that they gave money to GPS Fusion to create a Dossier which was used by their allies in the Obama Administration to convince a Court misleadingly , by all accounts , to spy on the Trump Team. ” Tom Fitton , JW — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) February 2 , 2018
It 's looking less and less like the Russians had much of anything to do with Trump 's election , and increasingly that desperate Democrats aided and abetted by the very agencies charged with protecting America 's interests were in fact acting against it .
jawallace @ postmedia.com
Liverpool swimmers sweep Mexico , F-M
Just two weeks into the season , the Liverpool boys swim team is tearing up all kinds of marks other sides may have established in previous seasons .
Another example of this came last Tuesday night in the Warriors ' 100-81 victory over Mexico . In the 200-yard freestyle relay , Tom Griffin , J.J. Ross , Curtis Merrick and Matt Geary tore to a time of one minute , 30.59 seconds that broke the Mexico pool record .
That followed Griffin going 22.07 seconds in the 50 freestyle and 48.84 seconds for a win in the 100 freestyle . Ross had also won twice , beating the Tigers ' Dylan Long , 1:51.05 to 1:53.81 , in the 200 freestyle and going 54.81 seconds to top Merrick ( 58.65 ) and Griffin O'Neil ( 59.38 ) as part of a 1-2-3 Warriors sweep in the 100 butterfly .
O'Neil was a close second ( 2:08.57 ) to Mexico 's Anthony Yost ( 2:07.93 ) in the 200 individual medley as Brennan Matthews picked up 204.60 points in diving to finish runner-up to the Tigers ' Kian Long ( 210.10 points ) .
Griffin Merkling was second in the 500 freestyle in 5:14.35 , with Jack Andrejko second in the 100 backstroke in 1:05.07 . Johannes Vorbach went 1:05.07 in the 100 breaststroke and helped Ross , Griffin and O'Neil go 1:41.73 in the 200 medley relay .
Later that same night , Cicero-North Syracuse hosted Fayetteville-Manlius at Le Moyne College , with the Northstars claiming plenty of races , yet still falling to the Hornets 99-85 .
Payton Connors , Adam Rein , Sean Payrot and Eli Ward swam the 200 medley relay in 1:46 flat to pull away from F-M ( 1:51.84 ) in that race as Connors took the 200 IM in 2:17.11 and Payrot roared to victory in the 50 freestyle in 22.38 seconds .
Still , the Hornets went 1-2 in diving and were helped by a pair of C-NS disqualifications in the next two races , though Ward still won the 100 freestyle in 54.53 seconds and Logan Petralia claimed the 500 freestyle in 5:51.53 .
F-M 's accumulation of second and third-place finishes , plus the occasional race win , proved too much for C-NS to overcome , though Connors added a second title in the 100 backstroke in 1:01.14 and joined Payrot , Petralia and Tanner Dwyer to take the 400 freestyle relay in 3:46.03 .
When Liverpool faced F-M Friday night , the Warriors continued to impress , defeating the Hornets 97-81 and ending the night by having Griffin , Ross , O'Neil and Geary qualify for the state meet in the 400 freestyle relay with a time of 3:18.77 .
Individually , Griffin went 1:51.58 to win the 200 freestyle and claimed the 100 butterfly in 57.38 seconds . O'Neil beat Vorbach , 51.19 seconds to 53.21 , in the 100 freestyle as Geary took the 50 freestyle in 23.07 seconds and Ross won the 500 freestyle in 5:18.79 .
Merkling , in 58.78 seconds , beat out Merrick ( 59.56 seconds ) in the 100 backstroke , with Brandon Nguyen a close second ( 2:11.80 ) to F-M 's Tanner Eisenhut ( 2:11.53 ) in the 200 IM . Merkling , Merrick , Justin Mancuso and Wesley Turverey went 1:36.60 in the 200 freestyle relay .
Liverpool has another meet this Friday against Oswego , two days after C-NS takes on Baldwinsville .
Share this : Email
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Related
Comment on this Story
A new study by AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety confirmed that millennials ca n't seem to put down their cellphones , even when they 're behind the wheel .
After surveying over 2,500 Americans , AAA concluded that 19- to 24-year-olds are more inclined than any other age group to check their phones for texts while in the driver 's seat . They also are n't as supportive of legislation aimed at stemming distractions while on the road , and they 're more likely to normalize texting and driving .
Phone use is one of many dangers that contribute to almost 100 American deaths every day , on average , because of car wrecks . Another is driving while intoxicated , which almost everyone agreed was a serious threat to their personal safety .
But as the study notes , most American drivers seem to abide by the mantra , “ Do as I say , not as I do. ” More than one in eight respondents said they had driven after drinking within the past year .
Senators Call for Investigation After Flynn Resignation
Senators from both sides of the aisle are calling for an independent investigation into Michael Flynn after Flynn resigned from their post as President Donald Trump 's National Security Advisor on Monday night . Trump allegedly asked Flynn to resign after the latter was found to have misled Vice President Mike Pence and other officials about discussing sanctions with Russia 's ambassador . ( Published 5 hours ago ) ( Published 5 hours ago )
Aggressive driving can also cause wrecks . Though over three-fourths of those polled said they disapproved of speeding on the freeway , almost half admitted to driving at least 15 miles over the speed limit in the past month .
Because of irresponsible driving , 982,307 Americans have died since 1991 . One in five survey respondents had been in a serious accident , and one in three was close with someone who had been injured or killed on the road .
In 2015 , there were 35,092 people who lost their lives in motor vehicle crashes , a 7.2 percent increase from the year before .
`` People in the United Sates do value safe travel and desire a greater level of safety than they now experience , '' authors of the survey wrote .
Because of dangers associated with driving , many of those questioned said that it 's unacceptable to not wear a seat belt . Still , one in six admitted they had n't buckled up in the last month .
SAN FRANCISCO : Facebook Inc launched a review on Monday of how it handles violent videos and other objectionable material , saying it needed to do better after a video of a killing in Cleveland remained on its service for more than two hours on Sunday .
`` We prioritise reports with serious safety implications for our community , and are working on making that review process go even faster , '' Justin Osofsky , Facebook 's vice president for global operations and media partnerships , said in a blog post .
( Reporting by David Ingram ; Editing by Chris Reese )
Israel announced on Tuesday it had abandoned plans to expel African migrants who entered the Jewish state illegally , after failing to find a country willing to host them .
The plan had targeted some 42 000 migrants of Eritrean and Sudanese origin currently living in Israel .
Government legal advisers informed the Supreme Court of the plan 's cancellation after certain unspecified countries refused to host the migrants , a government source said .
“ At this stage , the possibility of removal to a third country is no longer relevant , ” the advisers said in a statement .
Migrants and aid workers have said Israel was negotiating with Rwanda and Uganda to accept the deportees .
The deportation plan has attracted a wave of criticism , including from the UN refugee agency , Holocaust survivors , and parts of Israeli civil society .
The government originally announced a plan under which it would present migrants with $ 3 500 and the opportunity to leave on their own accord , or face indefinite imprisonment with eventual forced expulsion .
In early April , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu agreed to cancel the plan , saying a new agreement with the UN would allow migrants to be transferred to “ developed countries like Canada , Germany or Italy ” .
But they cancelled that plan several hours later , after caving to pressure from their right-wing base .
Human rights groups have long condemned Israel for its immigration policy and treatment of Africans seeking asylum .
Most of the migrants arrived to Israel after 2007 , mainly from the Egypt 's Sinai Peninsula .
Security along the once porous border has since been signficantly tightened .
Most of the migrants have settled in a number of poor neighbourhoods in the coastal city of Tel Aviv , the country 's economic capital .
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has given up on a plan to visit Iran this summer , Kyodo News said on Wednesday , as U.S. President Donald Trump has taken an increasingly tough line against Tehran .
TOKYO : Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has given up on a plan to visit Iran this summer , Kyodo News said on Wednesday , as U.S. President Donald Trump has taken an increasingly tough line against Tehran .
The visit to Iran would have been the first by a Japanese leader in 40 years , forming part of Abe 's scheduled tour through the Middle East from July 11 , Kyodo said .
Advertisement
But Japan has told Iran Abe would not be able to visit its capital , Tehran , despite arrangements it had been making for talks with President Hassan Rouhani , the agency added , citing government sources .
However , Motosada Matano , a spokesperson for the Japanese prime minister 's office , told Reuters nothing had been decided about Abe 's overseas travel plans .
The decision not to visit Iran was made in light of Trump 's push to isolate Tehran and choke off its oil exports , after they pulled the United States out of the 2015 Iran nuclear pact in May .
The United States has urged Japan and its other allies to stop buying Iranian crude oil entirely by Nov. 4 .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Japan , which has traditionally had stable ties with Iran , on which it relied for decades as a key source of oil , has told the Trump administration it can not further cut or halt crude imports from the country , for fear of risks to its economy , Kyodo added .
( Reporting by Stanley White and Linda Sieg ; Editing by Clarence Fernandez )
related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
2 related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
A splinter group of nationalists who remained in Finland 's ruling coalition after their party broke up called on Monday for big tax cuts for the middle class in a bid to improve their dismal standing in the polls .
HELSINKI : A splinter group of nationalists who remained in Finland 's ruling coalition after their party broke up called on Monday for big tax cuts for the middle class in a bid to improve their dismal standing in the polls .
In the latest reverse for Europe 's far-right anti-establishment parties , the Finns party was kicked out of the government in June after it elected more radical anti-immigrant leaders . The party broke apart after some members rejected the leadership change and formed a New Alternative group to stay in the ruling coalition , saving it from collapse .
But voters were unimpressed . The latest polls show the splinter group - including five government ministers - with only 1 to 2 percent popular support . At the same time , the Finns ' support in opposition has risen slightly to around 9 percent .
`` We secured Finland 's economic growth and tens of thousands of jobs . But not our own , '' Europe Minister Sampo Terho said at a meeting of New Alternative called to outline its political platform , referring to the latest polls .
New Alternative said it favoured major tax cuts to benefit the middle class , and described its eurosceptic policy line `` critical but constructive '' .
While Finns party leaders have recently said Finland would be better off outside the European Union , Terho said the more moderate New Alternative could only consider a referendum on EU membership after the 2019 election .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` Our immigration policy is realistic and without racism . The latter part differentiates us ( from the Finns Party ) '' , said Simon Elo , chairperson of New Alternative .
Finland is recovering from a decade of stagnation . The government , now half-way through its four-year tenure , has sought to improve growth and curb public debt growth by cutting spending and reforming labour laws .
SEEKING REGISTRATION AS NEW PARTY
New Alternative said it had gathered about half the required 5,000 signatures needed to register as a new party called Blue Reform .
But Erkka Railo , a political scientist at the University of Turku , said the splinter group faces an uphill battle to model a platform that differentiates it from the Finns as well as the mainstream parties .
`` The Finns Party is a protest movement ... It 's almost impossible for a group that 's in the government to present itself as an alternative to political elites , '' said Erkka Railo , another University of Turku political scientist .
`` It also takes years for a party to build its political identity and brand . For the Finns , it took more than 10 years . ''
With New Alternative , the coalition , including Prime Minister Juha Sipila 's Centre Party and the pro-EU National Coalition Party ( NCP ) , has 105 of the parliament 's 200 seats .
The Finns , earlier known as True Finns , became known for trying to block the sovereign bailouts that helped end the euro zone 's debt crisis . But it angered many voters after joining the three-party coalition in 2015 and accepting compromises on austerity while backing another bailout for Greece .
At a congress in June , the Finns voted for European Parliament deputy and anti-immigration hardliner Jussi Halla-aho as its new chairperson , and also replaced three deputy leaders , steering it towards a more far-right nationalism .
Sipila then ejected the Finns from the government , citing differences in core values and in immigration and EU policies .
( Reporting by Tuomas Forsell editing by Jussi Rosendahl and Mark Heinrich )
Amazon is looking to compete with apps like Skype and GoToMeeting with a new video conferencing app geared towards professional meetings . It 's called Chime , and is supposed to be better than your average video call . That and more in today 's news .
Advertisement
A sip of dark chocolate balsamic vinegar , several swigs of malt porter with chocolate notes plus a whiff of chocolate coffee and another of chocolate tea .
These temptations are just the tip of the “ n'ice berg ” awaiting visitors who embark on Stratford 's 27-stop Chocolate Trail .
It 's a dream come true for chocolate lovers and an especially sweet treat for couples choosing to trek on Valentine 's Day .
The popular trail , now in its eighth year , showcases an array of Stratford 's specialty shops . It was re-launched earlier this week .
It was our pleasure to preview this year 's trail last weekend .
The first stop is the Stratford Tourism office at 47 Downie St. , where for $ 30 plus HST , trekkers receive six coupons and a brochure listing trail locales . Most are within easy walking distance of the historic Queen 's Inn , where we settled in as overnight guests , courtesy of Stratford Tourism .
A brief description of each shop and what it offers for a coupon can help you plan your route and perhaps decide if you want to trek together or split up to cater to individual tastes .
Of course everyone 's invited to scout all the stops , but there are some tough decisions to be made before parting with a coupon . Some chocolate experiences are devoured immediately while others can accompany you home .
Also , it 's best to check the hours of each stop to avoid disappointing your tastebuds . Some are closed on Sundays and the Stratford Festival Shop wo n't re-open until the theatre season heats up in the spring .
We expected the self-guided trail to feature Stratford 's elite candy-making tradition with places such as Rheo Thompson Candies , Chocolate Barr 's Candies and Rocky Mountain Chocolate . But there were unexpected delights too .
Three of these are found along tiny York Street , which is tucked between the main drag of Ontario Street and the Avon River . Our eyes popped as we entered what must be the most amazing tea shop in Ontario , Distinctly Tea at 18 York St. , Olive Your Favourites at 21 York and the bursting-with-colours Kandy Cakes at 47 York , where we were served by Kandy herself .
At Distinctly Tea we chose to take home a pack of chocolate mint black made with brittle bits , chocolate nut bits and peppermint leaves .
A sample from a row of shiny kegs at Olive Your Favourites , produced a craving for the sample bottle of aged dark chocolate balsamic vinegar from Modena , Italy . The dreamy liquid can be drizzled on ice cream , berries or salad or used as zing for sauce .
At Kandy Cakes , one coupon garnered us two miniature cupcakes — one topped with Perth County bacon , the other with a decadent dollop of silky smooth peanut butter . Kandy advised the pretty treats often sell out during the busy summer festival season .
Back up to Ontario Street we find a trio of decidedly non-­chocolate shops welcoming trail explorers .
Totally Spoke 'd is a hip bicycle sales and rental shop ( including fat tires for snow cycling trails ) whose chocolate treats from Chocosol are a nod to social responsibility and ecology . Chocosol 's cocoa beans are sourced from indigenous communities in Mexico and ground using bicycle power .
MacLeods Scottish Shop , selling goods that range from kilts to woollen mittens , presents a box of delicious chocolate chip shortbread cookies from Scotland .
And Bradshaw 's , one of the city 's retail icons , prepares visitors for home pairing , providing four Brix chocolates and a wine tumbler .
If fudge is your thing , Blowes Cards & Gifts is a must-visit where our coupon was transformed into three delectable bars of locally made fudge .
We skipped the new Sinvention Boutique , an adult entertainment store featuring a Chocolate Pecker Pop , but did get our hearts pumping by popping into what 's arguably Stratford 's best coffee shop , Revel on Market Square .
Man and woman can not live by chocolate alone and browsing and shopping at unique , locally owned stores can be thirsty work .
Thankfully , there 's craft beer included on the trail and we both readily swapped a pair of coupons for 16-ounce pints of ­chocolate-tinged craft porter at Black Swan Brewing Co. on Downie Street . Lucky us to catch singer-songwriter Derek McIntyre starting a set . He 's booked to entertain the last Sunday of every month .
As responsible Chocolate Trail trekkers we circled back to the Queen 's Inn and its live-in neighbour , Boar 's Head Pub , for a memorable highlight — a flourless brownie served warm with fudge sauce , strawberries and vanilla ice cream . A gluten-free delight .
This year 's trail also features chocolate liqueur made in partnership with craft distillery Junction 56 and Rheo Thompson Candies .
The route extends to two neighbouring communities , the colourful British Touch , which is a 10-minute drive away in Shakespeare , and Troyer 's Spices in St. Marys .
btaylor @ postmedia.com
Twitter.com/suntravelgal
wayne.newton @ bell.net
Twitter.com/WayneWriteOn
-- - -- - -- -
INFORMATION ONLINE
visitstratford.ca/stratford-chocolate-trail
-- - -- - -- -
GREAT EATS
You need more than chocolate for sustenance . Stratford 's reputation as a foodie mecca is well-known , but perhaps the most sought-after experience is a table at Stratford Chefs School dinners . Located at 136 Ontario St. , the $ 85 dinners feature multi-courses created by renowned visiting chefs and students . To reserve , go to stratfordchef.com/dinners
-- - -- - -- -
STAY THE NIGHT
Stratford has quaint , historic hotels perfect for Valentine 's Day or a weekend getaway any time .
• The historic Queen 's Inn , at the corner of Ontario and Waterloo streets , is a 32-room hotel that 's been welcoming guests since before Confederation . Its rooms are often named in honour of someone — our suite was a tribute to housekeeper Betty Jasper . There are also tales of paranormal activity , including a sighting of a past owner and a woman waving from our third-floor corner suite , which features a fabulous storey-high windowed-dome ceiling . Visit : https : //queensinnstratford.ca/
• Parlour Inn , a 56-room vintage hotel located a short walk from Market Square . Parlour Inn was originally the Mansion House , built in 1871 to serve travellers and workers on the Grand Trunk Railway . Visit : http : //www.theparlour.ca/
LOVE Island 's Ellie Jones is at the centre of a media whirlwind after their support for political activist Tommy Robinson was revealed .
Love Island newcomer Ellie Jones , 22 , has appeared to show support to the former EDL leader in a series of Facebook posts . Tommy Robinson , 35 , is currently serving a 13-month prison sentence for contempt of court and is famed for their controversial views . In one post from last May , the star shared a video which featured Tommy at an alt-right rally branding Islam an `` infestation . '' The caption read : `` LONDON . I 'm not a racist , but this guy speaks sense ! They are branded a racist by many .
ITV UH OH : Ellie Jones shared Tommy Robinson posts on their Facebook page
`` Whether they are or is n't that 's none of my business . I just know they speak the truth . '' Now bookies Betfair are tipping Ellie to be removed from the Love Island villa at 5/1 . Fans of the show have slammed bosses for letting Ellie into the villa in the first place . One person wrote : `` So newer Ellie ( Jack 's ex ) is a racist . Sharing and liking Tommy Robinson . Sort it out ITV2 . A racist should not be on Love Island⁠ - should be no excuses . Also I thought the candidates were meant to be vetted first ? ''
ITV LEAVING : Bookies Betfair are tipping Love Island bosses to force Ellie Jones to leave
Love Island reunion : Jack 's ex Ellie Jones set to enter the villa Will Ellie get back with Jack ? 1 / 7 elliejones_xox/Instagram Ellie has quit their job to join in the Love Island fun
GETTY CONTROVERSIAL : Tommy Robinson is currently behind bars for contempt of court
“ Please remove Ellie Jones from Love Island ” Twitter user `` So Ellie Jones supports racist activist Tommy Robinson… Imagine ITV2 coming under scrutiny for lack of diversity and then you only go and place a racist in the villa ... then boom . `` My viewing of your show is cancelled , '' scorned another . A third blasted : `` Please remove Ellie Jones from Love Island . They are a Tommy Robinson and Britain First supporter and has shown that on their social media . It is called Love Island not Hate Island . '' But some were n't so fussed by Ellie 's political views .
ITV SCANDAL : Jack Maynard left I 'm A Celeb due to `` circumstances outside camp ''
Tina Turner working on sequel to their 1986 memoir I , Tina
Tina Turner is not done telling them story . The rock superstar is working on a sequel to their 1986 memoir I , Tina , Atria Books told The Associated Press on 11 December .
The new book is called Tina Turner : My Love Story and will come out next October , timed to the singer 's 60th year in music .
Seventy-eight year-old Turner says in a statement that they will write about everything from “ finding love ” to surviving a “ life-threatening illness ” they had never disclosed before .
Turner , who endured a horrifying marriage to musician Ike Turner , married Erwin Bach in 2013 . They are known for such hits as Proud Mary and What 's Love Got To Do With It , the title of a 1993 biopic starring Angela Bassett as Tina Turner and Laurence Fishburne as Ike .
Mini-bus taxi drivers have blocked Bluegum and Bonteheuwel Avenues in Bonteheuwel on the Cape Flats in protest against on-going gang violence . Ward councillor Angus McKenzie said the fresh violence that erupted on Wednesday morning appears to be an attempt to avenge the murder of an alleged gangster who was killed on Tuesday . The victim , an alleged Junior Cisko Yakkies ( YCY ) member , was shot approximately 13 times in the S & T Block of the area . Another incident of shooting transpired in the B –Block . No deaths or injuries have been reported in both incidents . McKenzie confirmed that all law enforcement agencies are on the scene .
McKenzie explained that the route that taxi 's frequent in Bonteheuwel is where Wednesday 's gang violence was concentrated . Affected taxi drivers subsequently blockaded the entrances to the area in protest against the persistent gang shooting .
According to McKenzie , the S & T Block has witnessed shooting by the Hard Living gang , while the Americans gang were shooting in the B-Block .
“ I can confirm that there is shooting and I can confirm that we have law enforcement agencies right there at the area .
“ The outbound and inbound taxi services to the Bonteheuwel area , as well as bus services will continue . The current taxis that are blocking the roadway are not doing it violently and we have their undertaking that the transport services will continue to function within the community , ” McKenzie .
McKenzie said the ward is taking a two-pronged approach to the ongoing violence .
The first approach they noted is to ensure that communities have the support of the South African Police Service ( SAPS ) and that police increases its visibility .
“ I have had discussions with the provincial SAPS authorities and they have given me that commitment that they will be vigilant and visible in the area . ”
Given that SAPS resources have been stretched to capacity , McKenzie asserted that the second approach is for residents to give law enforcement agencies relevant information that may lead to the arrest of perpetrators of gang violence and crime in the area .
“ It can not be that you as a mother , father or a family member are harbouring an individual who is causing such harm , such devastation and such terror in the community . We need to know who these people are , ” they stated .
McKenzie confirmed that the road block performed by the taxi drivers was brought under control by Wednesday afternoon .
“ Both SAPS and Law enforcement have taken control of the area and the necessary action will be taken . ”
VOC 91.3fm
Share this article
6 Shares
Comments
comments
The Centre on Wednesday raised the minimum support price ( MSP ) at which the government will buy all Kharif crops for the 2018-19 season . The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs ( CCEA ) , at its meeting , approved the MSP of 14 Kharif ( summer-sown ) crops .
The government has raised the MSP of the common rice variety by 13 percent . The government had fixed last year 's rice purchase price for the common variety at Rs 1,550 ( $ 22.63 ) per 100 kilogrammes .
It also raised the support price for a superior rice variety to Rs 1,770 , up from Rs 1,590 last year , home minister Rajnath Singh told reporters on Wednesday .
The hike in support prices will not impact food inflation and the government is confident in reining in rising consumer prices , Singh said .
The cabinet also raised the minimum support price for soybean and long staple cotton by 10.3 percent and 20.7 percent , to Rs 3,399 and Rs 5,450 respectively , Singh said .
Analysts and economists have warned the move could help push up inflation , and with a fiscal deficit , prompt India 's central bank to raise interest rates more steeply than expected .
Minimum Support Prices ( MSPs ) for 14 Kharif crops for the 2018-19 season Commodity Variety 2017-18 Season 2018-19 Season Increase Return * over cost in % Rs per quintal Rs per quintal Absolute ( Rs ) In % Paddy Common 1550 1750 200 12.90 50.09 Paddy Grade A 1590 1770 180 11.32 51.80 Jowar Hybrid 1700 2430 730 42.94 50.09 Jowar Maldandi 1725 2450 725 42.03 51.33 Bajra - 1425 1950 525 36.84 96.97 Ragi - 1900 2897 997 52.47 50.01 Maize - 1425 1700 275 19.30 50.31 Arhar ( Tur ) - 5450 5675 225 4.13 65.36 Moong - 5575 6975 1400 25.11 50.00 Urad - 5400 5600 200 3.70 62.89 Groundnut - 4450 4890 440 9.89 50.00 Sunflower Seed - 4100 5388 1288 31.42 50.01 Soyabean - 3050 3399 349 11.44 50.01 Sesamum - 5300 6249 949 17.91 50.01 Nigerseed - 4050 5877 1827 45.11 50.01 Cotton Medium Staple 4020 5150 1130 28.11 50.01 Cotton Long Staple 4320 5450 1130 26.16 58.75
* Includes all paid out costs such as those incurred on account of hired human labour , bullock labour/machine labour , rent paid for leased in land , expenses incurred on use of material inputs like seeds , fertilisers , manures , irrigation charges , Depreciation on implements and farm miscellaneous expenses , and imputed value of family labour . Source : PIB
With inputs from Reuters
The nominations for the 2018 Golden Globes are here , and the casts of This Is Us , Stranger Things , and Big Little Lies have a lot to celebrate this morning . So do newcomers Frankie Shaw ( for SMILF ) , Rachel Brosnahan ( The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel ) , and Pamela Adlon ( Better Things ) , who are all nominated for their shows . Will & Grace snagged a nomination for Best Comedy—along with star Eric McCormick—bringing its total to 29 nominations over the years ( surprisingly , they 've never won ) .
On the film side , it 's a great year for female-led movies , with I , Tonya , Lady Bird , Molly 's Game , and Battle of the Sexes all in the running . The only downside ? No nomination for Wonder Woman —or its director , Patty Jenkins . What 's with that ?
For the full list of Golden Globes nominees , see below :
MOVIES
Best Motion Picture , Drama
Call Me By Your Name
Dunkirk
The Post
The Shape of Water
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri
Best Motion Picture , Musical , or Comedy
The Disaster Artist
Get Out
The Greatest Showman
I , Tonya
Lady Bird
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture , Drama
Jessica Chastain , Molly 's Game
Sally Hawkins , The Shape of Water
Frances McDormand , Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri
Meryl Streep , The Post
Michelle Williams , All the Money in the World
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture , Drama
Timothee Chalamet , Call Me By Your Name
Daniel Day-Lewis , Phantom Thread
Tom Hanks , The Post
Gary Oldman , The Darkest Hour
Denzel Washington , Roman J. Israel , Esq .
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture , Musical , or Comedy
Judi Dench , Victoria & Abdul
Helen Mirren , The Leisure Seeker
Margot Robbie , I , Tonya
Saoirse Ronan , Lady Bird
Emma Stone , Battle of the Sexes
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture , Musical , or Comedy
Steve Carell , Battle of the Sexes
Ansel Elgort , Baby Driver
James Franco , The Disaster Artist
Hugh Jackman , The Greatest Showman
Daniel Kaluuya , Get Out
Best Performance by Actress in a Supporting Role in a Motion Picture
Mary J. Blige , Mudbound
Hong Chau , Downsizing
Allison Janney , I , Tonya
Laurie Metcalf , Lady Bird
Octavia Spencer , The Shape of Water
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Motion Picture
Willem Dafoe , The Florida Project
Armie Hammer , Call Me By Your Name
Richard Jenkins , The Shape of Water
Christopher Plummer , All the Money in the World
Sam Rockwell , Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri
Best Director , Motion Picture
Guillermo Del Toro , The Shape of Water
Martin McDonagh , Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri
Christopher Nolan , Dunkirk
Ridley Scott , All the Money in the World
Steven Spielberg , The Post
Best Screenplay , Motion Picture
Guillermo Del Toro/Vanessa Taylor , The Shape of Water
Greta Gerwig , Lady Bird
Liz Hannah/Josh Singer , The Post
Martin McDonagh , Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri
Aaron Sorkin , Molly 's Game
Best Original Score , Motion Picture
Carter Burwell , Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri
Alexandre Desplat , The Shape of Water
Jonny Greenwood , Phantom Thread
John Williams , The Post
Hans Zimmer , Dunkirk
Best Original Song , Motion Picture
`` Home , '' Ferdinand
`` Mighty River , '' Mudbound
Remember Me , Coco
`` The Star , '' The Star
`` This Is Me , '' The Greatest Showman
Best Motion Picture , Animated
The Boss Baby
The Breadwinner
Coco
Ferdinand
Loving Vincent
Best Motion Picture , Foreign Language
A Fantastic Woman ( Chile )
First They Killed My Father ( Cambodia )
In the Fade ( Germany/France )
Loveless ( Russia )
The Square ( Sweden/Germany/France )
TELEVISION
Best Television Series , Drama
The Crown , Netflix
Game of Thrones , HBO
Stranger Things , Netflix
This Is Us , NBC
The Handmaid 's Tale , Hulu
Best Television Series , Musical , or Comedy
Black-ish , ABC
The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel , Amazon
Master of None , Netflix
SMILF , Showtime
Will & Grace , NBC
Best Television Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Big Little Lies , HBO
Fargo , FX
Feud : Bette and Joan , FX
The Sinner , USA
Top of the Lake : China Girl , SundanceTV
Best Performance by an Actress in a TV Series , Drama
Caitriona Balfe , Outlander
Claire Foy , The Crown
Maggie Gyllenhaal , The Deuce
Katherine Langford , 13 Reasons Why
Elisabeth Moss , The Handmaid 's Tale
Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series , Drama
Jason Bateman , Ozark
Sterling K. Brown , This Is Us
Freddie Highmore , The Good Doctor
Bob Odenkirk , Better Call Saul
Liev Schreiber , Ray Donovan
Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series , Musical , or Comedy
Pamela Adlon , Better Things
Alison Brie , GLOW
Rachel Brosnahan , The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Issa Rae , Insecure
Frankie Shaw , SMILF
Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series , Musical , or Comedy
Anthony Anderson , Black-ish
Aziz Ansari , Master of None
Kevin Bacon , I Love Dick
William H. Macy , Shameless
Eric McCormack , Will & Grace
Best Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Jessica Biel , The Sinner
Nicole Kidman , Big Little Lies
Jessica Lange , Feud : Bette and Joan
Susan Sarandon , Feud : Bette and Joan
Reese Witherspoon , Big Little Lies
Best Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Robert DeNiro , The Wizard of Lies
Jude Law , The Young Pope
Kyle MacLachlan , Twin Peaks
Ewan McGregor , Fargo
Geoffrey Rush , Genius
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Actress in a Series , Limited Series , or Motion Picture Made for Television
Laura Dern , Big Little Lies
Ann Dowd , The Handmaid 's Tale
Chrissy Metz , This is Us
Michelle Pfeiffer , The Wizard of Lies
Shailene Woodley , Big Little Lies
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
David Harbour , Stranger Things
Alfred Molina , Feud : Bette and Joan
Christian Slater , Mr . Robot
Alexander Skarsgard , Big Little Lies
David Thewlis , Fargo
The 75th Golden Globe Awards airs on January 7 on NBC , with Seth Meyers as host .
Share :
Islamabad - Professor Dr Tayyab Afghani , Director Projects , Al-Shifa Trust Tuesday said that every twentieth child in Pakistan is suffering from squint or refractive error while three million children require eyeglasses annually to overcome eye disorders .
The government should make it mandatory that every child must undergo a detailed eye examination at the time of admission in the school so that an eye or sight disorder could be treated immediately , said a press release issued here on Tuesday .
They said that the trust had screened the eyes of two and a half million children in Rawalpindi Division during the last twenty-five years and the data compiled showed that only twenty percent children with some sort of disorder use glasses while others simply ignored it . Majority of the parents of the children who needed treatment and glasses also ignored the issue as long as possible which was a very dangerous omission , they added .
Dr Afghani said that fifteen thousand teachers had been given basic training regarding sight problems while one hundred and fifty thousand children with squint had been treated successfully . They informed that squint , refractive errors , and low vision should be treated before the age of sixteen as it becomes complicated with the passage of time and results in blindness .
Squint occurs usually due to careless attitude of paramedical staff at the time of birth . They said that Al-Shifa Trust was building Asia 's largest children eye hospital where around five hundred patients would be checked on a daily basis . They said that eight mobile teams of the Al-Shifa Trust remain engaged in screening at different schools while a qualified optometrist must be made available at every union council .
Sallie Mae Appleby , 78 , Monticello , Kentucky and formerly of Albany , passed away Saturday , May 26 , 2018 at The Medical Center at Albany . They were the daughter of the late Carvin and Doshie ( Claywell ) Dicken and was also preceded in death by three brothers , Ruel , Harley and Earl Dicken .
They are survived by their husband , Robert “ Bob ” Appleby ; two sons , Dewight Earl and Dudley Lee Appleby , all of Monticello , Kentucky ; a brother , Ralph Dicken , Burkesville , Kentucky ; three sisters , Eva ( Vance ) Guthrie and Wanda Hurt , Albany ; Shirley Dicken , Kokomo , Indiana ; sister-in-law , Lou Dicken , Albany ; two grandchildren , Nathan ( TaShea ) Appleby and Courtney ( Tim ) Winchester ; and four great-grandchildren , Gabriel , Michael , Abel and Isaac Winchester , all of Monticello , Kentucky .
Funeral services were held Tuesday , May 29 , 2018 at 1 p.m. at Campbell-New Funeral Home with pastors Tyler Harting and Seth Denny officiating . Final resting place in Cave Springs Cemetery . Arrangements were made through Campbell-New Funeral Home of Albany . Online condolences may be made at www.campbell-new.com .
One of the four men shot in Kensington Market on Canada Day has died in hospital .
That man , whose name and age were not immediately available , has become the city 's 51st murder victim of the year — one more than the 51 murders Toronto endured in all of 2011 .
No arrests have been made in the gunfire , which occurred around 10:30 p.m. Monday on Augusta Ave. near College St .
Between Friday and Tuesday morning in Toronto , three men were fatally shot , seven men and two women were wounded in shootings , and one man was knifed to death .
A man was found badly wounded by gunfire on Portland St. , just south of King St. W. , around 2:40 a.m. on Tuesday , June 3 , 2018 . ( Chris Doucette/Toronto Sun/Postmedia Network ) Investigators now believe the early Tuesday shooting in the entertainment district began with a fight that led to a gunman pulling the trigger “ nine times ” and injuring a man .
The violence — originally thought to be a drive-by — unfolded around 2:40 a.m. on Portland St. , just south of King St. W .
“ There was a dispute between a group of up to six men , ” Det . Darren Worth , of 14 Division , said in a statement Wednesday , explaining that during the melee a man “ discharged a firearm nine times . ”
The spray of bullets left one man , believed to be in their 20s , with a gunshot wound to their hip .
A nearby SUV was also hit by at least one round .
The unidentified shooter then “ fled the area by unknown means , ” Worth said .
The director of Lost and Found , a nightclub located around the corner , said their staff heard the gunshots ring out and sprang into action to help .
“ Our staff responded to the sound of gunshots in the area by calling 911 , reopening our doors , and providing shelter and first aid to the victim and others , ” they said , adding their club was “ completely incident free ” on the night of the shooting .
The club 's director said they are working with investigators “ by providing camera footage of the neighbourhood . ”
Police so far have no description of the shooter .
“ He is believed to be violent , armed and dangerous , ” Worth said . “ If located , do not approach . Call 911 immediately . ”
cdoucette @ postmedia.com
Hillsboro broke open a close game with a 24-8 fourth quarter for a 52-34 home-court victory over Kingman Friday .
The win elevated the Tro­jans to 13-4 for the season and 6-1 in league play ; King­man slipped to 4-12 and 2-5 .
For three quarters , Hills­boro played a perimeter game against Kingman 's stingy 2-3 zone defense . It almost opened the door to an upset with the home team protecting a 28-26 lead after three quarters .
Of the 28 shots Hillsboro launched during those first three quarters , only five were inside the arc .
“ Obviously , their game plan was to slow everything down , ” coach Darrel Knoll said of the Eagles . “ And they probably were as disciplined as they 've been all year on their shots . For us , it was a matter of keep battling and keep our patience . ”
The flow of the game changed dramatically in the final period . Darian Ratzlaff started it with one more three-point basket , but down the stretch the sophomore began penetrating the lane and scoring key baskets .
By the time the buzzer sounded , Ratzlaff had 14 points for the quarter , and Hillsboro had inflated its lead to as many 19 points .
“ I thought Darian 's fourth quarter was huge , ” Knoll said . “ He made tough shots , took good shots , and we moved the ball pretty well . ”
Carson Herbel added four points , Braden Vogt two free throws and Joe Knoll three free throws during the team 's 24-point outburst .
Ratzlaff finished with a team-high 20 points on 8-for-13 shooting . As team , Hills­boro shot 47 percent ( 18-38 ) from the floor , including 10-for-25 from behind the arc .
Defensively , the Trojans prompted 17 Kingman turn­overs , while committing only seven .
Lyons—Hillsboro built a 10-0 lead at the start and never looked back on the way to a 56-26 running-clock win over Lyons Tuesday at Brown Gymnasium .
By the end of the first quarter , the lead was 14-2. the Trojans all but sealed the outcome with a 15-7 advantage in the second quarter for a 29-9 lead at halftime .
Coach Darrel Knoll rotated in their players early on , but the team did n't skip a beat .
“ We just wanted to keep the pressure on them tonight , ” Knoll said . “ Some of that led to some of our offense being a little less sharp tonight . On the other hand , I thought the pace of the game was really good .
“ One thing we talked about before the game is do n't let them be comfortable , ” they added . “ I thought we did a good job with that .
After three quarters , Hillsboro led 40-16 , but it was n't until Joe Knoll nailed four consecutive technical-foul free throws with 2:30 left to play that the running clock commenced at 56-26 ; the scored stayed that way until the end .
Elias Werth lead the Tro­jans with 12 points on 5-for-7 shooting , including two three-pointers in four attempts . Carson Herbel and Darian Ratzlaff each added nine points .
The Trojans shot just under 40 percent ( 21-53 ) from the floor compared to 27 percent ( 10-37 ) for the Lions .
“ I thought the guys played really hard , ” Knoll said . “ We kept our heads about us really well . I was really proud of their hustle , and that everyone who came in contributed . ”
With the win , the Trojans improved to 12-4 overall and 5-1 in the CKL , while the Lyons fell to 1-14 and 0-6 .
Coming—Hillsboro will pursue a challenging path to the finish line of the regular season with a game at Halstead ( 11-6 ) on Tuesday , a home-court rematch Fri­day versus Hesston ( 15-1 ) , the top-ranked team in 3A , and a road game Feb. 21 against Smoky Valley ( 10-7 ) .
ALFIE Evans has been refused treatment in Italy after their family lost its legal challenge .
Their life support machine was switched off on Monday , but their dad Thomas Evans said they survived through the night and is still breathing . According to the Christian Legal Centre , a helicopter had arrived near the Alder Hey hospital to take Alfie to Italy . Mr Justice Hayden oversaw the hearing today which began at around 3.30pm in the Family Division of the High Court in Manchester . Journalist Josh Halliday , who attended today 's hearing , wrote on Twitter : `` Alfie Evans family has lost its legal challenge to fly them to Italy for treatment in what judge calls the 'final chapter in the case of this extraordinary little boy ' . ''
NC DECISION : The High Court has rejected a legal challenge from Alfie Evans ' family
Before the hearing , Alfie 's mum Kate James said : `` Alfie has been allowed oxygen and water . `` How amazing is he ? `` No matter what happens they have already proved these doctors wrong . '' And Tom told ITV 's Good Morning Britain : `` He is still working , he 's doing as good as they can .
Alfie Evans LATEST pictures from the case Doctors have been left `` gobsmacked '' after Alfie 's life-support was withdrawn but they continued to live , their father Tom Evans has said . Follow this gallery to view the latest pictures from Alfie Evans ' case . 1 / 11 Getty Images A small teddy bear is seen tied to a tree outside Alder Hey Children 's Hospital on April 24 , 2018 in Liverpool
`` But we do need them to be supported , in the next hour it 's going to be hard but we will need them to be supported in the next hour or two . '' Tom said on Alfie 's Army Official Facebook page : `` Coming up to 24 hours and he 's fighting with their gorgeous features , pink lips , handsome grown up face , and odd cheeky smile now and again . '' They added : `` He has now been starved from nutrition for 23 hours how is this humane , where does their dignity lie ? '' The Pope had earlier thrown their support behind the toddler , along with scores of campaigners .
Alfie Evans in pictures : Heartbreaking photos of Alfie in hospital View the gallery to see Alfie Evans heartbreaking journey in pictures . 1 / 7
BEIJING : China 's industrial output , a key engine of growth , slowed sharply in July as government efforts to rein in debt weighed on demand and economic activity , official data showed on Monday ( Aug 14 ) .
The figures come as the authorities have sought to tighten regulations to tame debt as well as reduce excess capacity left over from massive government-backed infrastructure spending at the height of the global financial crisis .
Output by Chinese factories and workshops grew by a lower-than-expected 6.4 per cent compared to the same month last year , the national statistics bureau said .
Economists surveyed by Bloomberg News had expected growth of 7.1 per cent for July after industrial production expanded by 7.6 per cent in June .
Retail sales , meanwhile , slowed slightly to 10.4 per cent last month , compared to 11 per cent in June , while fixed asset investment posted 8.3 per cent growth in the January-July period - both slightly below expectations .
`` In general , the national economy was generally steady in July with continued positive momentum and deepening structural reform , '' national statistics bureau spokesperson Mao Shengyong said at a news conference .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` But we also see that the international circumstance is still complicated and fluid , domestic structural conflicts still stand out , and there are still a lot of hidden concerns . ''
Mao said industrial production was affected by the weather - high temperatures and floods - and efforts in some regions to speed up the reduction of excess capacity that does not meet environmental rules .
Economic growth could slow by up to 0.2 percentage points in the second half of the year , Mao said .
While China has posted better-than-expected second quarter growth of 6.9 per cent , economic analysts have warned that the momentum will not last as authorities clamp down on debt .
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
Property development investment eased between January and July , signalling that the government 's tightening policies `` have finally trickled down through the economy , '' according to ANZ Research in Hong Kong .
REBOUND EXPECTED
Julian Evans-Pritchard , China economist at Capital Economics , said Monday 's figures provided `` mixed signals '' as growth in electricity and steel output accelerated while production of consumer goods and most other commodities slowed .
`` The upshot is that both foreign and domestic demand appear to have softened at the start of ( the third quarter ) , '' Evans-Pritchard said .
`` A few sectors , such as steel , seem to have defied this slowdown in economic activity . But the strength in these areas likely wo n't last given that policy tightening is set to further weigh on infrastructure and property investment in coming months , '' they said .
But Betty Rui Wang , senior China economist at ANZ , said the slowdown is likely to be temporary as the bad weather was partly to blame for July 's industrial output . `` We expect a rebound in the upcoming months , '' they said .
China 's economy faces another looming challenge as US President Donald Trump was due to sign on Monday a memorandum to launch an investigation into the Asian giant 's intellectual property practices .
Trump will direct US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer to determine whether any Chinese laws , policies or practices discriminate against or harm American innovators and technology companies , US officials said .
The officials , who spoke on condition of anonymity , bluntly accused China of `` stealing our intellectual property '' - long a concern of Western companies seeking a share of the enormous Chinese market .
Responding to the looming probe , China 's foreign ministry said on Monday : `` Fighting a trade war has no future . There will be no winner , and everybody will lose . ''
326 NPA yield last month
0 SHARES Share Tweet
By Martin A. Sadongdong
Three-hundred twenty-six New People 's Army rebels surrendered to government forces last month , the Armed Forces of the Philippines bared yesterday .
Citing the latest military records , Lt. Col. Emmanuel Garcia , chief of the AFP Public Affairs Service , said 16 rebels surrendered from Jan. 30 to 31 . Three-hundred ten NPA nationwide had earlier surrendered from Jan. 1 to 29 .
Garcia said the unprecedented number of surrenderees could be attributed to the call of President and AFP commander-in-chief Duterte on the rebels “ as well as the hardship and sense of betrayal experienced by the returnees in staying with the NPA . ”
Related
comments
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
Indian team once again proved they are best in the World in the cricketing arena as they comprehensively defeated the Australian cricket team by eight wickets in the final of the U19 World Cup 2018 .
Manjot Kalra smashed brilliant century and made the chase look easy after Australian team set the target of 217 for the Indians to chase in the high intensity final .
Harvik Desai on the other hand assisted till the end with their fine cameo . Electing to bat first , Australia were dismissed for 216 runs in 47.2 overs . Ishan Porel , Shiva Singh and Anukul Roy picked up two wickets each for India .
Opener Manoj Kalra then spearheaded the Indian run chase with an unbeaten century as the Boys in Blue romped to victory with 67 balls to spare . Kalra remained unbeaten on 101 runs off 102 deliveries while Harvik Desai was not out on 47 at the other end .
Desai brought up the title win in style , smashing a boundary off Australian pacer Will Sutherland . India thus became the first nation to win the ICC U19 World Cup four times . They had earlier won the title in 2000 , 2008 and 2012 .
Three lucky Lotto players share $ 1m prize
PIERS FULLER/STUFF The players won a third share of $ 1m .
Three fortunate Lotto players now have the pleasurable task of deciding how to spend $ 333,333 after winning a third share $ 1 million .
The players , two from Auckland and one from Huntly , won the cash during Wednesday evening 's Lotto First Division draw .
The winning tickets were sold at Avondale Foodmarket in Auckland , Night'n'Day at Gull on Greville Rd in Auckland , and The Bookshop and Lotto in Huntly .
A Lotto spokesperson said anyone who bought their ticket from any of the above winning stores should write their name on the back of the ticket and check it immediately .
Powerball was not struck and rolled over to Saturday night , where the jackpot will be $ 9 million .
- Stuff
NARITA : You ca n't choose your neighbours , as Japanese organic farmer Takao Shito knows all too well after a decades-long battle against Narita - the country 's second busiest airport .
Their farm is virtually surrounded by Narita airport , and jets from around the world roar down right next door to their rows of peas and radishes , whose green leaves wave in the spring breeze .
Advertisement
`` You get used to the noise , '' the soft-spoken 68-year-old told AFP on their farm , most of which is only accessible via tunnels underneath the airport .
`` These are pieces of land farmed by three generations for nearly a century , by my grandfather , my father and myself . I want to continue living here and farm , '' they said .
Their fight , along with a handful of other families , has proved a major headache for Narita , which marks its 40th anniversary this year .
The airport is Tokyo 's main international gateway and handles 40 million passengers and 250,000 flights a year .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Narita has been controversial in the region since it was first proposed by the government in 1966 as a three-runway facility , sparking protests by activists and farmers including Shito 's father .
The demonstrations turned violent , ending with the deaths of several police officers and protesters .
The airport opened in 1978 , with authorities only apologising years later for their heavy-handed response to protests .
But continued local opposition meant it operated with just a single runway until 2002 , when a second opened .
The airport purchased farm lots adjacent to the planned second runway 's route from the legal landowners , including some who had rented to Shito 's family for decades .
But Shito refused to move , arguing their livelihood depended on the land and pointing to Japan 's Agricultural Land Act , which gives farmers broad legal protection .
So the airport altered the route leading to the runway , which now curves around Shito 's farm , encircling one of theirs lots .
This picture taken on Apr 12 , 2018 shows Japanese farmer Takao Shito ( L ) and a colleague working on a vegetable field encircled by Narita airport . ( Photo : AFP/Kazuhiro Nogi )
`` NOT ABOUT MONEY ''
With increasing tourist numbers and Tokyo hosting next year 's Rugby World Cup and then the Summer Olympics in 2020 , the airport now wants to build a third runway .
It wo n't run near Shito 's farm , but the airport faces negotiations with other nearby farmers .
Seen from above , the plots that Shito and their neighbours farm are fenced-in brown soil islands , trapped inside a web of taxiways used by planes .
With planes thundering in and out of the airport throughout the day and into the night , it is hardly an idyllic farming existence .
But Shito is undeterred . They are currently involved in five separate lawsuits with the airport and has steadfastly refused compensation in return for relocating .
`` This is not at all about money , '' they told AFP , in a blue , buttoned shirt and cargo trousers , their hair well groomed .
`` I do organic farming with no pesticides . You can not just move the top soil and hope it will be the same in different lots . ''
While the area around the airport may not seem the ideal location for organic farming , air and water quality monitors in and around Narita show no sustained and elevated levels of contaminants .
The airport has already won a major case against Shito and convinced some other farmers to take compensation to move .
But they are tight-lipped about whether they might evict him .
`` We will determine our future actions by consulting with attorneys and others concerned while also reviewing the situation , '' the airport said in a response to written questions from AFP .
Shito 's tense relations with the airport lead to occasional run-ins with security .
On a recent morning , a black SUV cruised by and followed a group of visitors to one of their lots outside the airport , monitoring from afar .
`` Police or airport security , '' Shito said . `` There are times I get stopped . They ask for my ID , even though they know who I am . ''
This picture taken on Apr 12 , 2018 shows Japanese farmer Takao Shito working on a vegetable field encircled by Narita airport . ( Photo : AFP/Kazuhiro Nogi )
`` THIS IS MY LIFE ''
But they say they are happy on the land , and has some 400 clients in and around Tokyo who buy their organic produce .
`` I have fun growing vegetables here . This is my life : growing vegetables on this soil . They taste different , '' they said .
And they have plenty of supporters .
At a recent hearing at Chiba District Court , roughly 60 activists filled a courtroom and loudly heckled the judge in a noisy show of solidarity .
Some even want the entire airport to be dismantled and the region returned to its pastoral past .
Nobuharu Ito , 71 , who began protesting more than four decades ago as a university student , said they were moved by Shito 's commitment to their land .
`` Mr Shito 's way of living , how it 's not about money , I think it resonates with people now more than ever , '' they said .
Despite their decades-long feud with the airport , Shito said they would happily continue coexisting with Narita given the opportunity .
`` When the government does and says something , I think most people accept it or give up without questioning , '' they said .
`` I feel the government should also be considerate of individuals who live here . ''
And for now they have no plans to stop fighting .
`` I want the people of the world to know there is a farmer here in this place . I want people to know . ''
The death of a woman in northern Saskatchewan is being called suspicious by police .
Southend RCMP said they were called to a home in the community on Jan. 1 at around 2:40 a.m. for a report of an injured woman .
READ MORE : Woman , 22 , found dead in Saskatoon on New Year 's Day
A 44-year-old woman was taken to the health clinic where they died a few hours later .
An autopsy is scheduled to take place on Wednesday in Saskatoon .
Police are not releasing any more details at this time but said there is no risk to public safety .
READ MORE : 1 person wounded in Montreal Lake Cree Nation shooting
Southend is approximately 520 kilometres northeast of Saskatoon .
Pope Francis greets the crowd after delivering their Easter message and blessing “ urbi et orbi ” ( to the city and the world ) from the central balcony of St. Peter 's Basilica at the Vatican April 16 . ( CNS photo/Paul Haring )
By Cindy Wooden and Junno Arocho Esteves
VATICAN CITY ( CNS ) — Jesus is the risen shepherd who takes upon their shoulders “ our brothers and sisters crushed by evil in all its varied forms , ” Pope Francis said before giving their solemn Easter blessing .
With tens of thousands of people gathered in St. Peter 's Square April 16 , the pope called on Christians to be instruments of Christ 's outreach to refugees and migrants , victims of war and exploitation , famine and loneliness .
For the 30th year in a row , Dutch farmers and florists blanketed the area around the altar with grass and 35,000 flowers and plants : lilies , roses , tulips , hyacinths , daffodils , birch and linden .
Preaching without a prepared text , Pope Francis began — as they did the night before at the Easter Vigil — imagining the disciples desolate because “ the one they loved so much was executed . They died . ”
While they are huddling in fear , the angel tells them , “ He is risen. ” And , the pope said , the church continues to proclaim that message always and everywhere , including to those whose lives are truly , unfairly difficult .
“ It is the mystery of the cornerstone that was discarded , but has become the foundation of our existence , ” they said . And those who follow Jesus , “ we pebble , ” find meaning even in the midst of suffering because of sure hope in the resurrection .
Pope Francis suggested everyone find a quiet place on Easter to reflect on their problems and the problems of the world and then tell God , “ I do n't know how this will end , but I know Christ has risen . ”
Almost immediately after the homily , a brief but intense rain began to fall on the crowd , leading people to scramble to find umbrellas , jackets or plastic bags to keep themselves dry .
After celebrating the morning Easter Mass , Pope Francis gave their blessing “ urbi et orbi , ” to the city of Rome and the world .
Before reciting the blessing , they told the crowd that “ in every age the risen shepherd tirelessly seeks us , their brothers and sisters , wandering in the deserts of this world . With the marks of the passion — the wounds of their merciful love — they draw us to follow them on their way , the way of life . ”
Christ seeks out all those in need , they said . “ He comes to meet them through our brothers and sisters who treat them with respect and kindness and help them to hear their voice , an unforgettable voice , a voice calling them back to friendship with God . ”
Pope Francis mentioned a long list of those for whom the Lord gives special attention , including victims of human trafficking , abused children , victims of terrorism and people forced to flee their homes because of war , famine and poverty .
“ In the complex and often dramatic situations of today 's world , may the risen Lord guide the steps of all those who work for justice and peace , ” Pope
Francis said . “ May they grant the leaders of nations the courage they need to prevent the spread of conflicts and to put a halt to the arms trade . ”
The pope also offered special prayers for peace in Syria , South Sudan , Somalia , Congo and Ukraine , and for a peaceful resolution of political tensions in Latin America .
The pope 's celebration of Easter got underway the night before in a packed St. Peter 's Basilica .
The Easter Vigil began with the lighting of the fire and Easter candle in the atrium of the basilica . Walking behind the Easter candle and carrying a candle of their own , Pope Francis entered the basilica in darkness .
The basilica was gently illuminated only by candlelight and the low light emanating from cellphones capturing the solemn procession .
The bells of St. Peter 's pealed in the night , the sound echoing through nearby Roman streets , announcing the joy of the Resurrection .
During the vigil , Pope Francis baptized 11 people : five women and six men from Spain , Czech Republic , Italy , the United States , Albania , Malta , Malaysia and China .
One by one , the catechumens approached the pope who asked them if they wished to receive baptism . After responding , “ Yes , I do , ” they lowered their heads as the pope poured water over their foreheads .
Among them was Ali Acacius Damavandy from the United States who smiled brightly as the baptismal waters streamed down their head .
In their homily , reflecting on the Easter account from the Gospel of St. Matthew , the pope recalled the women who went “ with uncertain and weary steps ” to Christ 's tomb .
The pope said the faces of those women , full of sorrow and despair , reflect the faces of mothers , grandmothers , children and young people who carry the “ burden of injustice and brutality . ”
The poor and the exploited , the lonely and the abandoned , and “ immigrants deprived of country , house and family ” suffer the heartbreak reflected on the faces of the women at the tomb who have seen “ human dignity crucified , ” they said .
However , the pope added , in the silence of death , Jesus ' heartbeat resounds and their resurrection comes as a gift and as “ a transforming force ” to a humanity broken by greed and war .
“ In the Resurrection , Christ rolled back the stone of the tomb , but they want also to break down all the walls that keep us locked in our sterile pessimism , in our carefully constructed ivory towers that isolate us from life , in our compulsive need for security and in boundless ambition that can make us compromise the dignity of others , ” they said .
Pope Francis called on Christians to follow the example of the woman who , upon learning of Christ 's victory over death , ran to the city and proclaimed the good news in those places “ where death seems the only way out . ”
Presiding over the Stations of the Cross Good Friday , April 14 , at Rome 's Colosseum , Pope Francis offered a prayer expressing both shame for the sins of humanity and hope in God 's mercy .
A crowd of about 20,000 people joined the pope at the Rome landmark . They had passed through two security checks and were watched over by a heavy police presence given recent terrorist attacks in Europe .
At the end of the service , Pope Francis recited a prayer to Jesus that they had composed . “ Oh Christ , our only savior , we turn to you again this year with eyes lowered in shame and with hearts full of hope . ”
The shame comes from all the “ devastation , destruction and shipwrecks that have become normal in our lives , ” they said , hours after some 2,000 migrants were rescued in the Mediterranean Sea . The shame comes from wars , discrimination and the failure to denounce injustice .
Turning to the sexual abuse crisis , Pope Francis expressed “ shame for all the times we bishops , priests , consecrated men and women have scandalized and injured your body , the church . ”
But the pope also prayed that Christians would be filled with the hope that comes from knowing that “ you do not treat us according to our merits , but only according to the abundance of your mercy . ”
Christian hope , they said , means trusting that Jesus ' cross can “ transform our hardened hearts into hearts of flesh capable of dreaming , forgiving and loving . ”
Causing a racket
Man , I want so badly to crank the heat on the NBA Finals hot takes and blast you guys with rantings about LeBron 's G.O.A.T . status , the Warriors ' lameness and the fact that I hold no grudge against Kevin Durant taking their talents to Golden State to win a title . Durant was incredible — although , they still ai n't touching the King .
But , more impressive than Durant and King James was a Spaniard who treats clay like the scene from “ Ghost. ” I 'm talking about Rafael Nadal , who Sunday won an unprecedented 10th French Open crown at the Stade Roland Garros in Paris .
White shorts coated in desert-sand colored clay , Nadal raised the Coupe des Mousquetaires high into the air in celebration after laying on the court like a kid seeing snow for the first time .
But this was hardly a first .
Aside from winning their 10th French Open title , four more than Bjorn Borg and seven more than anybody else in the Open era , Nadal 's numbers at the event are staggering .
On their run to “ La Decima ” or “ the tenth , ” Nadal only lost 35 games , the second fewest in the Open era by a grand slam champion . He 's won 79 of 81 French Open matches , and one of those was a withdrawal due to injury . And the King of Clay has an insane 102-2 record in best-of-five-set matches on clay courts .
Their numbers at the 2017 French Open ? — at 31 years old , mind you . They did n't drop a single set . They won four of their 20 sets without giving up a game , and only gave up one game in six sets . Not once did an opponent take five games .
In the championship , Nadal took down third-ranked Stan Wawrinka — the 2015 French Open champ — 6-2 , 6-3 , 6-1 . A walk in the park .
So here we are , in an era of tennis that has to be considered the best ever . And it 's not even close . Nadal 's 10th French Open title was also their 15th grand slam win overall , giving them sole possession of second place in the record books ahead of Pete Sampras . Ahead of Nadal ? Roger Federer with 18 .
Both Nadal and Federer are still playing — and winning — and Novak Djokavic , ranked fourth on that list with 12 grand-slam titles , is ranked fourth in the world .
And there are no signs of slowing down . Federer , 35 , just won the Australian Open to kick off the 2017 season . They took down Nadal in a five-set slugfest .
Federer skipped the French because A ) they had no shot against Rafa and B ) he 's preparing for a long Wimbledon run . Federer and Nadal have met in nine grand-slam championship matches ( Nadal has a 6-3 advantage ) . Nadal and Djokovic have met in seven finals , and Federer and Djokovic have met in four .
In 58 championship matches since 2003 , only four times has one not featured Nadal , Federer , Djokovic or current No . 1 Andy Murray .
Even as these gentlemen seem to be “ aging ” in the sports world , it 's hard to suggest a decline in their games . Nadal 's 2017 French Open was as dominant as any of the previous nine , and he 's just the third male tennis player in history to win a major as a teenager , in their 20s and in their 30s . At this rate , a win at 40 does n't seem farfetched for them or Federer .
Throw in Serena , who is the best female athlete in the world and maybe of all time , and we 're smack in the middle of one of the most impressive eras any sport has ever seen . It 's like when Tiger Woods was at their most dominant , except we 've got a handful of Tiger Woods all playing against other Tiger Woods .
These players , Nadal 's whimsical run through the French Open , they made me write a column about them over the NBA Finals and a guy I think is the best basketball player to ever play the game .
These guys are pretty dang impressive .
After a year of dating reality bad-boy Spencer Matthews is set to tie the knot to model Vogue and you should SEE the ring ! WOW !
We 've got to take our hat off to model Vogue Williams as they have done something we never thought was possible – tamed Lothario and reality star , bad boy Spencer Matthews . The couple announced they got engaged on Thursday 1st February after a year of dating . Huzzah !
And you wo n't believe how they did it . No rose petals on the bed and a secluded little spot for these two , oh no ! They popped the question on a West End stage .
According to reports the Made In Chelsea star Spencer went down on one knee on stage after a production of The Lion King . The couple took part in a special behind-the-scenes tour of the West End hit show before they took to the stage for the special moment in private , after audiences had emptied out .
Is that cringe or is that cute ? We ca n't decide !
A spokesperson for the couple said , ‘ The couple are absolutely over the moon and thrilled to share their exciting news . '
READ MORE CELEBRITY NEWS
MORE : OMG ! Katie Price 's ex reveals he 's expecting a baby with THIS former Made In Chelsea star
And it sounds as though 28-year-old Spencer spared no expense for their bride-to-be ! Rumour has it that the former Made In Chelsea star splashed out a whopping £150,000 on the dazzling diamond engagement ring – a drop in the ocean given that he 's estimated to be worth around £2.8 million .
32-year-old Vogue quickly took to social media to share the happy news . They shared a picture of them showing off the sparkling whopper of a ring .
In the caption , they posted a ring and some heart emojis alongside Spencer 's name , writing , “ ❤️💍❤️ @ spencermatthews ” They SAID YES… . ❤️ A post shared by S P E N C E R M A T T H E W S ( @ spencermatthews ) on Feb 1 , 2018 at 10:15am PST
Spencer also revealed the exciting news with the same picture , excitedly proclaiming , “ SHE SAID YES….❤️ ”
Reportedly , Spencer Matthew 's sweet proposal was inspired by the couple 's recent trip to Disneyland Paris .
While they 've been together for just over a year , getting together in February 2017 – the pair are clearly smitten .
Spencer played a huge role in the wedding of the year in 2017 when their brother , James Matthews , married the Duchess of Cambridge ‘ s sister Pippa Middleton . They stood by brother James ' side as their best man while they said their nuptials to Pippa at an intimate ceremony at St. Mark 's Church , Englefield .
Spencer rubbed shoulders with royalty as they welcomed Prince William and Prince Harry to the event .
However , Vogue was n't allowed to attend the star-studded nuptials , given that their relationship with Spencer was so new . Though , it 's likely though that we 'll see both Pippa and James at Spencer 's wedding .
But will some of the other royals turn up too ? We 'll have to wait and see !
Per a new public poll issued by the Angus Reid Institute , Canadians are split right down the middle when it comes to the federal government 's decision to purchase the proposed TransMountain pipeline project . ( Black Press files )
Twinning the B.C . section of the Trans Mountain pipeline will begin in the North Thompson by this fall , the company says in its latest six-month work schedule filed to the National Energy Board .
Work is underway along the entire line from Edmonton to Burnaby to set up temporary construction yards and camps with worker accommodation and construction offices , as well as pipe stockpile sites in Valemount , Blue River , Clearwater , Merritt and Hope .
Work is scheduled to begin in September to clear and survey a 120 km section of pipeline route between Mt . Robson Provincial Park and Blue River , connecting to a longer section between Edmonton and Jasper National Park in Alberta .
Work includes wildlife surveys , weed control and relocation of rare plants to comply with the 157 conditions required by the NEB and a further 37 conditions in the B.C . government 's environmental certificate . Despite federal and provincial approvals and what the company calls “ unprecedented scrutiny , ” the project continues to be dogged by orchestrated protests .
RELATED : Trans Mountain : The economics of oil
RELATED : Simpcw First Nation patrols pumping stations
Spending on the project has resumed after Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced in May the federal government is buying the project assets for $ 4.5 billion , to ensure the twinning of the 65-year-old pipeline that delivers synthetic heavy crude and refined fuels from the Alberta oil sands to B.C . and Washington state refineries .
Kinder Morgan Canada negotiated the sale after setting a deadline of late May to have assurances that the project would proceed without interference from the B.C . government .
Work continues this summer on expansion of the Sumas terminal at Abbotsford , Burnaby terminal and Westridge marine terminal , which includes a tunnel through a portion of Burnaby Mountain .
more to come…
ZANESVILLE , Ohio- A former Ohio State Buckeye is trying to make a difference by selling items at the Colony Square Mall .
James Cotton and several other Ohio State Players signed memorabilia at Buck-Icon in the Mall . All memorabilia purchased was signed by Cotton and the other players who were there . While shopping for Buckeye items , people have the opportunity to donate to a camp for kids .
“ The cool thing is we got some OSU players donating their time for our free football camp that we do for kids with Autism , Down Syndrome , Cerebral Palsy . It 's a great opportunity to meet and greet some forever National Champions , ” said Cotton .
Cotton became involved with the free camps because they wanted to help those with special needs . They have a personal connection because they have relatives with special needs .
“ Whenever I have the platform or the opportunity to enhance the community or give back I always try ( to ) implement that . So , by me being able to provide camps for kids it 's a great opportunity for the community to get involved and support what we 're doing , ” said Cotton .
Cotton said he 's hoping to raise $ 5,000 this holiday season . If you are looking for Buckeye apparel , and a way to give back this holiday season , Buck-Icon will be in the mall through Christmas .
Hasan Ali has n't been the same since they were hit for 70 runs by rival India in Pakistan 's crushing defeat in their Champions Trophy opener . He 's got much better .
The right-arm paceman finished with sobering figures of 1-70 off 10 overs at Edgbaston as India beat Pakistan by 124 runs . Few could have predicted that , 10 days later , they would be the tournament 's top bowler heading into the final .
Hasan has bounced back from that onslaught by taking three wickets from each of their next three games , including 3-35 at Sophia Gardens on Wednesday as Pakistan thrashed England by eight wickets in the semi-final .
Hasan has 10 wickets , one more than Australia fast bowler Josh Hazlewood .
It was the eighth time that Hasan has collected three wickets or more in their 20 ODIs , and teammates see much more to come from the 23-year-old bowler .
“ I think the good thing about Hasan is that even ( when ) someone hits them for a four , they come back and returns with hard lengths and I think this is what a cricketer requires , ” Shoaib Malik said .
“ I think this ( his emergence ) is something marvellous for Pakistan cricket . ”
Just as important for Pakistan is the significance of Hasan 's dismissals .
On Wednesday , they took three of England 's four top-scorers Jonny Bairstow ( 43 ) , Ben Stokes ( 34 ) and Eoin Morgan ( 33 ) .
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? Hassan Ali took 3/35 including Bairstow , Morgan and Stokes to set the platform for a crushing victory by @ TheRealPCB # ENGvPAK # CT17 pic.twitter.com/srXhW7jPgh — ICC ( @ ICC ) June 14 , 2017
Their sole wicket against India was the dangerous Yuvraj Singh ( 53 ) , followed by 3-24 in eight overs against South Africa , where they bowled Faf du Plessis for 26 .
In Pakistan 's final group match against Sri Lanka , Hasan took 3-43 .
That made an overall tournament performance of 10-172 off 38 overs . And Hasan will hope to add to that haul , especially if India is Pakistan 's next opponent .
The 47-year-old ITV Good Morning Britain bombshell had audiences panicked over their future on the breakfast show . Speculation about Susanna Reid 's security in their role on the programme kicked off on Twitter when the mum-of-three shared a four-year work anniversary snap . They captioned the post : `` Thank you for these moments and thanks to all the viewers who 've joined Good Morning Britain over the last four years . '' Confused by the post , some fans were quick to jump to conclusions that their tweet meant they were leaving their on-screen hubby Piers Morgan and the gang .
ITV MILESTONE : Susanna Reid , 47 , has been presenting GMB for four years
Luckily , they confirmed that they were staying put . Susanna 's army of admirers is relieved by the news and raced to praise their hard work over the last four years . One person wrote : `` Happy Anniversary Susanna ! I 've been watching GMB for the last four years , good luck Susanna . '' `` You are amazing and never fail to make me laugh and smile every morning . Happy four years on GMB ! It would n't be the same without you , '' congratulated another .
TWITTER PHEW : Susanna Reid revealed they are n't leaving ITV Good Morning Britain
Good Morning Britain 's sexiest moments Remember all the eye-popping moments from Good Morning Britain over the years . 1 / 16
INSTGRAM BOMBSHELL : Susanna Reid wowed fans in a safari-esque ensemble today
“ Thank you for these moments and thanks to all the viewers who 've joined Good Morning Britain over the last four years ” Susanna Reid A third added : `` Wow four years already ! So many great moments , sad and funny but always a great start to the day . Congrats Susanna . '' Earlier this year , there was also worry that Piers was ditching GMB for good . The 53-year-old former newspaper editor revealed that they decided to leave the programme as the early mornings and waking up at 3:45am every morning was too much for him . They explained to Susanna : `` I was getting up at 3.45am , decided I hated it because it was killing me , so I said I 'm out and suddenly I 'm coming in at 5.30am and I 'm a lot happier thanks . ''
Susanna Reid flaunts their figure English journalist Susanna Reid makes everyones mornings a little better ! Check out their best photos here : 1 / 61 Instagram Susanna Reid flaunts their figure on Instagram
INSTAGRAM DREAM TEAM : Piers Morgan and Susanna hosted today 's GMB instalment
Nobody likes corporate trainings . Nobody .
In fact one of life 's puzzles that eludes me most is how a person could enjoy corporate trainings enough to spend their time designing and running them . Perhaps only with distain for the status quo can a startup create something that people not only do n't hate , but find helpful .
The idea for Butterfly , founded by David Mendlewicz , Simon Rakosi and Marcus Perezi-Tormos , originated from poor experiences the young managers had when receiving leadership training . The startup is announcing a $ 2.4 million seed round today from Daphni , Tectonic Ventures , Precursor Ventures and a number of angels with the hopes of making things better .
Mendlewicz told me that the gold standard for training is a compressed quarterly or yearly training . This tends not to work because it 's not targeted in terms of content or timing . Instead , Butterfly monitors team feedback and uses machine learning to push brief , digestible , tips to managers via a chatbot named Alex to help improve outcomes .
“ We 're focusing on content that managers can take advantage of — short and conversational , ” Mendlewicz added .
The startup is moving its focus to Fortune 500 companies . The team has already managed to onboard 20 large companies , including Citibank , Ticketmaster and Coca-Cola , with paid contracts reaching 50 percent or more of the addressable workforce at each .
Butterfly collects feedback about the impact its having within corporations . By building relationships with academics from the University of Oxford and Columbia University researching human behavior in the workplace , Butterfly hopes to unpack key drivers and use them to affect change .
“ Younger workforces thrive on more feedback , ” Charles Hudson , an investor in Butterfly from Precursor Ventures , told me in an interview . “ You need a mechanism for delivering feedback to them in a way that works . ”
Right now about a third of Butterfly 's content comes from third parties and two thirds is content that the startup has indexed and reframed . In the future , the platform could make for an interesting content marketplace where managers could opt into the tools they think they could most benefit from .
“ Buying central learning resources is going away and people at the individual or team level are going to have control over those budgets , ” Hudson added .
With data of what resources work for which teams , Butterfly can inform decisions around what training content companies should be spending their money on . And ideally managers get accustomed to the format enough that learning starts to feel more like reading a story a friend sent via Messenger and less like a clunky , outdated , training exercise .
Featured Image : Camelia Dobrin/Getty Images
BEIRUT : A Russian pilot was killed on Saturday ( Feb 3 ) after their warplane was downed over Syria 's northwest province of Idlib and they clashed with Islamists on the ground , Russia 's defence ministry and a monitor said .
`` The pilot was killed as they fought Islamist rebels who had shot down their plane and were taking them captive , '' said the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights chief Rami Abdel Rahman .
According to the British-based monitor , the Sukhoi 25 was shot down over the town of Maasran in Idlib and the pilot came down in a parachute . They then clashed with rebels and was killed .
Abdel Rahman could not immediately clarify which hardline factions were involved , but said the militant group Hayat Tahrir al-Sham ( HTS ) is active in the area .
Russia also confirmed the pilot 's death , but there was no immediate claim of responsibility from rebel factions in Syria .
`` A Russian Su-25 aircraft crashed during a flight over the Idlib de-escalation zone . The pilot had enough time to announce they had ejected into the zone , '' the defence ministry said .
Advertisement
Advertisement
It said the area was `` under the control of Al-Nusra Front fighters '' , the former Syrian branch of Al-Qaeda that makes up the bulk of the HTC .
`` The pilot was killed in fighting against terrorists , '' it said , quoted by Russian agencies .
'DOZENS ' OF STRIKES
Troops loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad launched a fierce offensive on Idlib in late December , with backing by Russian warplanes .
`` There have been dozens of Russian air strikes in the area over the past 24 hours . This plane was also carrying out raids there , '' said Abdel Rahman .
Opposition factions have shot Syrian regime planes in the past , but downing Russian warplanes is much rarer .
In August 2016 , a Russian military helicopter was shot down over Syria and all five people on board were killed .
Moscow began conducting air strikes in Syria in September 2015 .
Two months later , Turkey shot down a Russian warplane , leading to the worst crisis in ties between the two countries since the end of the Cold War .
Russia 's intervention has swung the nearly seven-year conflict firmly in the favour of Moscow 's long-time ally Assad .
Russia has been looking to still the fighting that has left some 340,000 people dead since 2011 with a major diplomatic push since the start of last year .
It agreed with fellow regime backer Iran and rebel supporter Turkey to set up four `` de-escalation '' zones around Syria , including in Idlib on the border with Turkey .
AMMAN : Warplanes have hit a convoy of civilians fleeing along a major Syrian highway , rescuers and a witness said on Saturday .
It took place in an area where Syrian and Iranian-backed troops were pushing , with air cover , towards a rebel-held town in northwestern Idlib province , they said .
Syrian soldiers and Iranian-backed militiamen were now around twelve kilometres from Saraqeb , advancing towards the Damascus-Aleppo highway under cover of heavy Russian air strikes , two opposition sources said .
Rescuers said at least seven civilians were pulled out of the wreckage of cars after the air strikes on Friday .
`` We believe two Russian planes struck the convoy of civilians on the highway and left at least seven killed and twelve injured , mostly elderly and children , '' said Ammar al Adnan , a civil defence worker from Saraqeb .
Activists ' videos on social media showed rescuers extinguishing fires on the route , used by thousands of villagers fleeing areas south of Aleppo now overrun by the Syrian army and its allies .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Reuters could not verify the authenticity of the footage .
Russia 's defence ministry regularly says it is attacking hardline Islamist militants . It denies opposition and witness accounts that its planes target civilians , marketplaces , medical centres and residential areas away from frontlines .
Syrian media made no mention of the strikes .
A major Syrian army offensive , begun earlier this year in southern Aleppo and eastern Idlib , has allowed it to take control of a large amount of territory from rebel forces .
The advances have caused an exodus of thousands of civilians to the relative safety of territory further north towards the Turkish border .
Air raids have struck several cave hospitals and exacerbated a refugee crisis along the Turkish frontier , where camps now house tens thousands of displaced people .
The army confirmed new gains on Saturday , saying it had seized a string of villages from al Qaeda fighters , state television said , quoting a military source .
( Reporting by Suleiman Al-Khalidi ; Editing by Andrew Bolton )
Each morning before the break of dawn , Nirmal Singh makes their way to a small stage at the Shri Guru Ravidass Temple adorned with roses and silk . There , the priest sits and reads prayers from a centuries-old Indian text to open the day .
It 's usually a quiet affair , with words spoken in Punjabi to an empty hall the size of a large backyard — a solemn start at the small Sikh temple that sees few people outside of weekend services .
But this week , Singh had company . Bodies shuffled under blankets in front of him . On Tuesday a Mexican couple and their kids woke up to their right , revealing the head scarves they wore in respect of Sikh traditions . In a nearby room , an African American man was also was getting up to the sounds of prayer .
As tens of thousands fled low-lying regions on the Feather River this week amid warnings of flooding from the rapidly filling Lake Oroville , Sikh temples across in the Sacramento area opened their doors to evacuees .
`` This is their home , '' said Singh of this week 's visitors . “ Our faith teaches us to help everyone . The poor , the hungry , it does n't matter who you are . ”
The danger of flooding has brought together hundreds of evacuees with a population that , although common in this part of the state , remains a mystery to many here and has sometimes borne the brunt of bigotry .
Sikhs in Sacramento , home to 10 temples and about 11,000 Sikh families , began putting out calls for supplies and volunteers on Sunday evening after 180,000 people living in communities downstream of Lake Oroville were given short notice for mandatory evacuations .
The crowds did n't start arriving at Shri Guru Ravidass until the mayor of Sacramento posted a list late that night of temples that were set up as shelters . It was retweeted 2,500 times .
It was around then that Juan Carvantes was driving from Olivehurst , an evacuated area across the river from Yuba City . They spotted the tweet and came with their wife , two brothers , their wives and seven kids among them .
They arrived Sunday at the 24-year-old Shri Guru Ravidass Temple , a yellow stucco building with green trim on the eaves located north of Sacramento in Rio Linda . In this rural area , it 's not uncommon to see horses grazing in front of barnyards .
Cervantes had encountered Sikhs before ; Yuba City is home to one of the most concentrated communities in the country and hosts more than 100,000 at its annual Sikh parade . But they had never stepped foot in a temple .
It 's been a learning process .
Cervantes almost forgot to take their shoes off when entering the prayer hall where the families slept . They dozed off each night with a blue baseball cap on their head , not just for warmth but to keep their hair covered while in sight of the Sikh holy book at the front of the room . He 's to remember to always point their soles away from the stage where the book is kept . And he 's avoided eating meat on the grounds , trying to attune themselves to the vegetarianism many Sikhs follow .
For the 38-year-old who picks fruit in the Central Valley 's farms , it 's also been a moment of humility — and connection they did n't expect .
“ These people are just like me , ” said Cervantes , who shares a two-bedroom apartment with their wife and three kids back home . “ I 'm Catholic , but we have the same God . We have the same heart . The same hands . ”
Kathy Flores evacuated late Sunday from the Yuba City area with their son and neighbor and found shelter in a small house next to the temple usually reserved for board meetings . There , they slept on blankets with 23-year-old Rafael and 30-year-old neighbor Samantha Simpson .
Because Flores came with a cat and a dog , they stepped in the temple only for food and to thank their hosts . In Indian culture , the closest most people come to having pets is keeping guard dogs .
“ We were stuck in traffic for three hours and heard on talk radio that temples were open . This is the first one we hit , ” said Flores , 66 , who left nearly all their belongings behind at their apartment , save a few changes of clothes . “ They 've fed us . They 've gone looking for dog food . I 've even had some of their spicy curry . ”
For the Sikhs of Rio Linda , where holy day festivals can bring more than 700 attendees but weekday prayers attract a handful at most , the acts of kindness are a religious calling . They 've also hosted faces familiar to their own , with Sikhs fleeing flood-prone areas seeking refuge .
“ Our temples — all temples — always have a rule of having an open-door policy to house and feed anybody . That 's one of the most important teachings of our guru , ” said Raj Kumar Sood , a truck driver who is the temple 's board secretary . “ But we 've never seen a crowd like this . ”
So on top of the usual industrial-size batches of rice , lentils , cauliflower and spinach volunteers cook for the prayerful each week , community members have chipped into add some American flare to their offers . A Sikh who runs a pizza shop closed it on Monday , directing their staff to make vegetarian pies , spaghetti and macaroni and cheese to donate to the temple . Variety packs of chips sat alongside stacks of bottled water in a dining hall . Cans of Dr Pepper were plentiful .
Sood hoped that , in an age when Sikhs are often maligned and attacked , non-Sikhs would look at “ the good that we try to do and change their impression . ”
Sikh communities in Yuba City and nearby Sacramento date back more than a century , when Punjabi communities who had settled in England began immigrating to California . Some of the first Sikhs in Yuba City helped build Southern Pacific Railroad , and the Yuba City-Marysville area has about 40,000 Sikhs today .
About half of the country 's 500,000 Sikhs are estimated to live in California , with the majority of those in the northern part of the state , including the Bay Area .
Members of the faith have been targets of abuse and violence since the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks , apparently mistaken for Muslims . Sikhs in Sacramento still recall Sept. 15 , 2011 , when a Sikh gas station manager in Meza , Ariz. , was shot after a man said they wanted to “ go out and shoot some towel heads ” to get revenge against Osama bin Laden .
The community came together in mourning in 2012 when a white supremacist killed six Sikhs during a shooting rampage in Oak Creek , Wis. Two elderly Sikh men were killed in a drive-by shooting six years ago in nearby Elk Grove . The crime remains unsolved .
They 've also faced challenges of a different sort .
EASTENDERS ' Whitney Carter got all dressed up to get down and dirty on video chat .
EastEnders ' Whitney Carter ( Shona McGarty ) desperately tried to spruce up their long-distance romance with Callum 'Halfway ' Highway ( Tony Clay ) in tonight 's instalment of the BBC soap . In shocking scenes , EastEnders spoilers showed the barmaid flirt with their other half on a video chat in the Slaters living room . But one thing quickly led to another and Whitney suggested they step up their little catch-up to have some fun . Halfway kicked off their conversation : `` I really miss you Whit , I want to be there with you in that dressing gown . '' `` Well it would n't suit you , '' Whit joked . Halfway replied : `` No… I meant . ''
BBC CHEEKY : EastEnders ' Whitney Carter ( Shona McGarty ) wanted to spruce their romance up tonight
Whitney teased : `` You mean you want to be in this dressing gown with me ? '' Halfway said : `` Do n't even say that , I 'm in the barracks with a load of sweaty army blokes . That dressing gown is the sexiest gown I 've seen all week . '' Whit oozed : `` You know it could get a whole lot sexier . '' Whit then began to strip off their dressing gown , but was rudely interrupted by their little sister Tiffany Butcher ( Maisie Smith ) . It did n't take long for jaw-dropped fans to race to Twitter in disbelief . One person slammed : `` Whitney 's dressing gown is about a seductive as a pile of towels . ''
BBC OVER THE MOON : Halfway ( Tony Clay ) said that seeing Whit in their dressing gown was `` sexy ''
Naughtiest soap scenes From Eastenders to Coronation Street remember the naughtiest scenes in soapland . 1 / 44
BBC STRIP : Whitney began to undress themselves but their sister Tiffany walked in
“ You know it could get a whole lot sexier ” Whitney Carter `` EastEnders are completely irresponsible showing Whitney offering to undress for their boyfriend during a Skype call . Hardly a great example showing this at 7.30pm when so many young girls are victims of sexting and being blackmailed on social media , '' blasted another . A third quizzed : `` Has Whitney not got a bedroom they could have their Skype sex in ? Sofa hardly seems appropriate in a house full of 726 people . '' But a forth was more than impressed : `` Yes Whitney , take it off ! '' This is n't the first time month that EastEnders has roped in technology and sex . In previous scenes , school girl Louise Mitchell ( Tilly Keeper ) lost their virginity to newcomer Hunter Owen ( Charlie Winter ) . Little did they know that he 'd filmed the whole shenanigan for their dad Phil ( Steve McFadden ) to see in a sick revenge twist .
The hottest sex scenes in TV and film The most daring sex scenes in film and TV . WARNING : Explicit images used . 1 / 68 SHOWTIME/PLANET PHOTOS Claire Danes strips 100 % naked for seriously raunchy sex scene in Homeland
BBC DRESSED UP : Whitney put on some sexy lingerie to Skype their man
TRENTON , N.J. ( AP )  A Catholic hospital denies that it unfairly discriminated against a transgender man who sued after the hospital refused to allow a surgeon to remove the man 's uterus as part of their sex transition .
Saint Joseph 's Healthcare System said that a court ruling in Jionni Conforti 's favor would violate its constitutional right to freedom of religion . The hospital filed its response to the lawsuit Friday in federal court .
The 33-year-old Totowa man had scheduled the hysterectomy at St. Joseph 's Regional Medical Center in Paterson in 2015 . Their lawsuit alleges a hospital administrator told them the hospital could n't perform the procedure to remove their uterus because it is a Catholic hospital .
They later had the surgery performed at another hospital , but Conforti is seeking a court order requiring the hospital to perform any needed medical care for transgender patients . They are also seeking monetary damages .
Advertisement
`` The damages caused by the delay , as well as the humiliation and the stress caused by being discriminated against , is something that can not be excused and are contrary to the law , '' said Conforti 's attorney , Omar Gonzalez-Pagan , of Lambda Legal . `` St. Joseph 's purportedly prides itself on having a patient-first approach . When you discriminate against a patient because of who it is that really is not putting the patient first . ''
The hospital said in its response that Conforti 's claims are barred by the First Amendment and that the court system should n't be able to interpret ethical and religious directives from the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops followed by the hospital . The directives say procedures judged `` morally wrong '' by the church do n't have to be performed .
It also cites state law that says no hospital can be required to provide sterilization services or procedures .
Conforti said a nurse in charge of surgery confirmed the procedure could be scheduled but their doctor was told later it would n't be allowed because it was for gender reassignment .
An email cited in the lawsuit from the hospital 's director of mission services , Father Martin Rooney , said it could n't allow the surgery because it 's a Catholic hospital .
GROWING exposure to popular so-called essential oils could be giving young men large breasts , an alarming new study has claimed .
Getty/CEN COMMON : The oils are found in soaps , lotions , shampoos , hair-styling products and cologne
Researchers from the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences ( NIEHS ) found that eight chemicals in two oils disrupt hormones . Lavender and tea tree oil are among the essential oils that have become popular across the world . They are found in soaps , lotions , shampoos , hair-styling products , cologne and laundry detergents and are also used for medical treatment and aromatherapy .
Celebrity nip slips , sideboobs & underboobs They may be rich and famous , but these celebrities are n't immune from flashing the flesh in our ultimate celebrity nip slips , sideboobs , underboobs and now gapboobs gallery . 1 / 292 Getty Images Braless Jennifer Lawrence teases nude ambition in sinfully low-cut dress for the Red Sparrow premeire
But the plant-derived oils act as endocrine-disrupting chemical , which can cause a man 's breasts to grow . J Tyler Ramsey , lead study author and research fellow at NIEHS , said in a statement : “ Our society deems essential oils as safe . “ However , they possess a diverse amount of chemicals and should be used with caution because some of these chemicals are potential endocrine disruptors. ” Ramsey and their colleagues findings add to a growing body of research that has linked essential oils to abnormal breast growth called prepubertal gynecomastia .
Boob cupping trend All the celebs are doing the Boob cupping pose and it is SIZZLING HOT . 1 / 36 Instagram Topless babes
Kabul : Amid a widening rivalry between the Taliban and the Islamic State in Afghanistan , the Taliban said it had captured five Islamic State militants in the northern province of Jawzjan , police said on Thursday .
`` A five-member delegation of Islamic State group under Sayed Jalal was visiting Darzab district to organise its fighters when the Taliban militants on the way back captured them , '' Xinhua news agency quoted the police as saying .
Neither the Taliban nor the Islamic State commented on the report .
Both the Taliban and Islamic State fighters have been trying in Darzab district and adjoining areas to expand their influence .
0 Top 5 lightning strike myths , how to stay safe in a storm
Lightning 's bite is chilling in its randomness .
It covets neither metal — a persistent myth — nor water , and can strike from a sun-filled sky as readily as when thunderclouds darken overhead .
> > Read more trending news
Knowing the facts of lightning 's behavior can save lives .
When 23-year-old Bechelet Joseph was struck last year , it was noted that they had just picked up a vehicle battery in a yard full of metal rods and tools .
National Weather Service lightning expert John Jensenius said that had “ nothing at all ” to do with the strike .
“ Lightning is not attracted to anything , ” they said . “ I 've seen various articles about batteries and screwdrivers , none of which had any effect . ”
A large tree nearby was a more likely culprit as lightning tends to aim for the tallest object , which can conduct electricity to anyone standing nearby .
With that in mind , here are the top 5 myths about lightning strikes . Knowing them , could save your life .
Myth : Lighting is attracted to metal objects
Fact : The presence of metal makes absolutely no difference where lightning strikes . Height , pointy shape and isolation are the dominant factors controlling where a lightning bolt strikes .
Myth : Rubber tires on a car protect you from lightning by insulating you from the ground .
Fact : A vehicle with a metal roof is usually a safe place during a lightning storm , but it is the roof and metal sides of the car , not the tires , that offer protection . Lighting striking a car will be conducted through the metal into the ground .
Myth : If it 's sunny with no clouds overhead , it is safe from lightning .
Fact : Lightning can strike up to 10 miles from the center of a thunderstorm , far outside the area of rain .
Myth : Lightning never strikes the same place twice .
Fact : Lighting often strikes the same place repeatedly , especially if it 's a tall , isolated object .
Myth : It is good to take shelter under a tree during a thunderstorm .
Fact : Trees , because they are tall and pointy , are more likely to be struck by lightning , which could impact anyone standing underneath of one . It 's often believed that golfers are struck the most by lightning , but that is also a myth . Most people killed by lightning during leisure activities are on or near the water .
© 2018 Cox Media Group .
A judge in Philadelphia has denied Meek Mill ‘ s request for the removal of another judge from the rapper 's case .
President Judge Leon Tucker told Mill in a Wednesday hearing that they do n't have jurisdiction over the matter . They say only the state Supreme Court can decide that .
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court ordered Mill 's release from prison last month where they were serving a two- to four-year sentence on a probation violation related to a decade-old gun and drug conviction .
Mill 's lawyers want Judge Genece Brinkley removed from their case . They allege she 's been waging a vendetta against the rapper , including sending them to prison for the probation violations .
They have strongly defended their impartiality .
Prosecutors say they believe Mill should get a new trial because of questions raised about the credibility of their arresting officer .
SINGAPORE : NTUC FairPrice on Thursday ( Jun 15 ) introduced a new range of formula milk previously only available in Australia , amid concern over the rising cost of formula milk in Singapore .
Priced between S $ 27.50 and S $ 35 for a 900g tin , Australia 's Own is sourced from the dairy pasture area of Gippsland , Victoria , where it is processed and packed in a certified facility .
The milk powder is available in two ranges , each with three formulations for the different stages of a child 's development .
NTUC FairPrice CEO Seah Kian Peng said the supermarket worked with the authorities following the announcement to review import requirements .
“ FairPrice has been in discussions with the authorities on bringing in better-value formula milk from additional sources , '' said Mr Seah .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The new brand joins the supermarket chain 's existing range of more than 150 varieties of formula milk , spanning different brands , formulations and pack sizes .
Senior Minister of State for Trade and Industry Koh Poh Koon - who is leading a taskforce to address the rising prices of formula milk in Singapore - said they were heartened to see FairPrice take proactive steps to make more choices of formula milk available .
Dr Koh said that , this way , `` parents can select an option that best suits their family 's needs '' .
Australia 's Own formula milk will be available across FairPrice outlets islandwide from Friday .
CAMBRIDGE , Mass . — Actor and screenwriter Paul Rudd picked up their 2018 Man of the Year award from the nation 's oldest collegiate theatrical organization at Harvard University on Friday night .
Rudd received the Hasty Pudding honor during a black-tie event . The Boston Globe reported the actor was celebrated in a roast that targeted their “ dad face ” and their past as a bar mitzvah DJ .
Hasty Pudding said it chose the “ Ant-Man ” star because their career has spanned many genres , from indies to mainstream films , from heartfelt comedies to superheroes .
They play the lead in the upcoming “ The Catcher Was a Spy , ” the real-life story of Ivy Leaguer and major league ballplayer Moe Berg , a spy with the forerunner of the CIA during World War II .
“ Filming in Fenway was one of the greatest days I 've ever had in my life , let alone my acting life , ” Rudd said Friday . “ I 'm a baseball fan and was on hallowed ground . To be on the field , wearing the uniform , and playing somebody who is real , which is a new experience for me , was surreal . ”
Actress Mila Kunis was celebrated as Woman of the Year on Jan. 25 , the same day the 223-year-old group , known for comedic revues that feature men in drag playing female characters , said it would allow women to join its cast , starting next year .
Kunis , who has spoken out against sexism in the entertainment industry before , said they were “ honored ” to have been part of the program during its “ year of change . ”
Advertisement
The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board ( JAMB ) is considering conducting mock exercise ahead of the examination .
Prof. Ishaq Oloyede , the Registrar of the Board disclosed the plan while fielding questions from journalists at the Information and Communication Technology Retreat organised for stakeholders on Tuesday in Abeokuta , Ogun .
Oloyede said although they could not guarantee a hitch-free examination , the innovations being put in place “ will send some illegal operators , who are defrauding candidates in the past , out of business . ''
They said the board would not be deterred in its mission to serve its candidates better this year .
“ Frankly , I can not promise a hitch-free examination because we are testing certain things .
“ We are changing certain things ; we want to question the statuesquo and we expect a fight back by interests that will be trampled upon , '' the registrar said .
Advertisement
They explained that the board would be as sincere as possible .
“ We are going to be as flexible as humanly possible ; we are not promising hitch free examination , '' they said .
Oloyede noted that the board had envisaged that there would be hitches , but that these would not be insurmountable .
According to him , rather than promising hitch-free examination , the board promises a direction that all will be pleased with .
They said that the major objective of the retreat was for stakeholders to critique the board 's processes , “ because we will not want to continue in the wrong direction '' .
Oloyede said the board was planning to create new ICT facilities and stakeholders such as prospective candidates , scholars , institutions and civil society groups were brought together to critique it .
The first allotment list for Undergraduate Common Entrance Examination for Design ( UCEED ) 2018 qualified candidates has been released on the official website uceed.iitb.ac.in
The qualified candidates can now apply for admissions to B.Des at IIT Bombay and IIT Guwahati .
The candidates whose names have appeared in the first allotment list will have the option to freeze or float their allotted seats till 8 July , 2018 , reported The Indian Express . The second allotment will be held on 11 July and will continue till 18 July , the report added .
Here are the steps to exercise Freeze and Float option :
- Go to the official UCEED website uceed.iitb.ac.in
- Click on the link to view candidate 's portal .
- Login with the required details .
- Check your allotment status and Freeze or Float option .
If you exercise the Freeze option , your final letter for seat allotment will be generated .
According to NDTV , in the first seat allotment for open category candidates , the opening rank for IIT Bombay is 1 and closing rank is 16 , whereas for IIT Guwahati , the opening rank is 17 and closing rank is 53 . For IIITDM Jabalpur , the opening rank is 32 and closing rank is 75 .
‘ Animal Shelters 911 ' seeks reform
By Ashley M. Casey
Staff Writer
After years of volunteering with local animal shelters , Dawn Brocious , Nanette Kittell and Nancy Hohler were horrified to see what can go on behind closed doors : inadequate veterinary care , excessive euthanasia rates and other instances of neglect and abuse .
“ We 're drawing a line in the sand . We need to fix it , ” Brocious said .
Now , the three women have founded a group called Animal Shelters 911 . Their goal is to rectify problems in local shelters and one day pass state legislation with stricter rules for running a shelter . The group held an interest meeting June 27 at the North Syracuse Education Association building .
According to AS911 , laws governing shelter animals are too broad and vague . As a result , Kittell said , some shelters do not provide adequate access to clean drinking water and underfeed their animals by giving all of them the same portion size , regardless of the dog 's age and size .
State law also says municipalities are required to provide a pound or shelter for stray dogs , but shelters are not required to take in cats .
“ As bad as things are and as wrong as things are , it 's not illegal , ” Kittell said .
New York state requires municipalities ' dog control officers to keep records of dogs they have seized , but records of what happens to dogs after they arrive in shelters are spotty . According to a 2016 report from the Journal News , a daily newspaper which covers the Lower Hudson Valley , the NYS Department of Health has failed to keep records on the numbers of dogs euthanized and the amount of euthanasia drugs — such as sodium pentobarbital — shelters keep on hand .
New York state law allows shelters to euthanize dogs for health reasons and if , after five days , no one has reclaimed or adopted a dog , for space and population control .
The Journal News also stated that many shelters “ farm out the procedure to private veterinarians and others simply fail to file required state reports ” on euthanasia rates . Since many shelters are private agencies , they are not required to make certain information public .
“ They are anything but transparent , ” Kittell said .
Dr. Steven Bruck , a Marcellus-based veterinarian , said they have witnessed the consequences of incompetent medical care in one local shelter as well . They said they often performed surgery on kittens ' eyes to repair damage from untreated infections . Another vet , they added , would discontinue or change the medications they prescribed
“ It 's unconscionable . Veterinary care when I was there was inadequate , ” they said . “ I was called old-school , and they did n't like my form of medicine . ”
“ Just because it 's a shelter animal does n't mean it gets less care , ” Kittell said .
AS911 organizer Nancy Hohler said the problems do not end there . They said that employees at the shelter at which they volunteered would take extended smoke breaks , would not administer medication properly and would not properly exercise the dogs , leaving volunteers to pick up the slack . Hohler said they witnessed shelter employees taking home donations of dog food or medication for their own pets . Some employees , they said , would mark a dog for euthanasia because they were afraid of the animal , did n't like it or thought it would be too much work to rehabilitate its health or behavioral problems .
“ They 're vindictive . They abuse the animals , ” Hohler said . “ It 's heartbreaking because it does n't need to be that way . ”
Karen Antzcak of the Animal Alliance of Greater Syracuse was one of about two dozen attendees of the meeting . Antzcak said they have witnessed inadequate care as well .
“ They do n't have proper protocols [ such as deworming ] that would help with nutrition , ” they said .
There is a wealth of resources shelters can call upon to improve their standards of care , Antzcak said . In addition to the many people who would like to volunteer within an animal shelter , they said , there are lawyers in the area willing to assist with animal cruelty cases . Many dogs are unavailable for adoption while their cruelty cases are worked out in the courts , and these lawyers could help get the animals relinquished sooner so they can find their forever family as quickly as possible .
“ There 's even free conferences they could go to [ for ] shelter training , ” Antzcak said .
AS911 is looking for more members to get involved in their cause . Eventually , they would like to organize protests and letter-writing campaigns to expose the abuses in local shelters , but they need more people willing to help .
“ You ca n't reform the shelter without [ them ] , ” Brocious said .
To learn more about AS911 's mission , visit animalshelters911.com or contact animalshelters911 @ gmail.com .
Share this : Email
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Related
Comment on this Story
Susan Sarandon 's actor daughter Eva Amurri Martino had a heartbreaking end to 2016 after a nurse dropped their son Major on their head and fractured their skull .
The Saved star has detailed the horror following the accident in a post on their HappilyEvaAfter website , revealing it happened at the end of November .
A nurse hired to look after the three-month-old and their two-year-old sister Marlowe Mae overnight fell asleep while holding Major and dropped them on their head .
Amurri Martino and their husband Kyle Martino were awoken by the thud of their son hitting the hardwood floor and their “ hysterical piercing screams . ”
Happy New Beginnings ! ✨❤🙏🏼 A very honest letter I wrote about some personal struggles is on my blog today . https : //t.co/zg9JiMNkjA pic.twitter.com/9M9SNS2dRa — Eva Amurri Martino ( @ TheHappilyEva ) January 1 , 2017
“ He suffered a fractured skull and bleeding on their brain , and was transported by ambulance to Yale Medical Center where I spent two harrowing days with them to receive emergency care and further testing , ” the actor reveals . “ To say these were the most traumatic and anxious two days of my life is an understatement . ”
But little Major survived the scare and has been “ healing well ” and “ hitting milestones . ”
Their relieved mum reveals they are “ cooing , smiling , and generally showing us that they are and will be ok as they grow and develops . ”
Amurri Martino admits they waited a month to open up about the scare because they feared people would frown on the idea of them hiring a night nurse to take care of their kids when they were asleep .
“ Let me tell you , the guilt I bore in the days and weeks after this accident was more intense and more damaging than anything I would wish upon my worst enemy , ” they write . “ I wept in the hospital , telling anyone who would listen that it should have been me . That I was to blame .
“ Even though I finally made peace with the fact that this freak accident could not have been avoided by me , it has continued to effect me to my core and in all aspects of my daily life . ”
“ It 's nearly impossible for me to trust anyone but myself to take care of Major now , ” they added . “ Hearing Major cry hard immediately triggers my memories of the moments after the accident and instigates an immediate panic attack - my heart races and tears spring to my eyes . ”
And now Amurri Martino is a mum on the edge during trips to the park with their daughter - something they realized during a recent day out when little Marlowe fell over and started crying .
“ Within ten minutes they were totally fine and normal - but I stood there while Kyle held me , sobbing and shaking , while my scared two-year-old watched , ” they wrote . “ I think I need to take some things off of my plate . It 's time to really face this all and find a solution . ”
The actor is now seeking help from a therapist to help them combat “ some form of Post Traumatic Stress Disorder , possibly linked to some form of Postpartum Depression . ”
TONAWANDA , N.Y. ( WIVB ) – Town of Tonawanda Police are looking for public assistance to identify a suspect in a larceny from a vehicle .
The suspect , pictured here , is described as a black male , about 6 ' 3″ to 6 ' 5″ and between 170 and 190 lbs .
They are a suspect in a larceny from a vehicle that happened June 3 .
Anyone with information is asked to call Det . Reinhart at 879-6637 or the confidential tip line at 879-6606 .
Tribewizard Tournament
What might have seemed at first glance like an elaborate game night with friends Friday , April 14th turned out to be none other than the waiting room of the College of William and Mary 's Triwizard Tournament . Students sat cross-legged on the carpet , playing board games like Twister , Jenga and Pit , while excitedly shouting “ two for two ” and “ three for three ” as they reached over each other and slammed cards on the carpet . The Harry Potter soundtrack swelled in the background , floating above the towering Quidditch posts . On black tables shone gold coins , plastic Harry Potter glasses and jars of jelly beans ; in the corner , potions swirled with glitter , fizzing over the tops of their jars .
The Triwizard Tournament is the magical competition from the “ Harry Potter ” series , where select students from the wizarding schools Hogwarts , Beauxbatons and Durmstrang face off in three challenges . AMP recreated this event for students of the College last Friday .
A main feature of the evening was the two escape rooms based on the Tournament 's dragon challenge and maze challenge . An AMP member read a series of chronological clues to help students look for items in the room . Each led up to the final clue that would reveal where the ultimate objective was hidden . Harry Potter-themed prizes were available for the team with the best escape time .
“ For the dragon room , we have the goal of finding the egg and defeating the dragon , and for the maze room , the goal is to find the trophy , ” head of AMP 's Late Nite committee Anh Tran '17 said . “ But if you 've watched the movies or [ if ] you 've read the book , then [ you 'll remember that ] you encounter Voldemort in the graveyard , right ? So , the ultimate goal is actually finding the spell that defeats Voldemort . ”
The Wizards and Muggles Club first proposed the Tournament using AMP 's online co-sponsorship form . Once AMP received the request , it was circulated among AMP 's nine student-run committees until Tran and AMP Interns committee member Mags Assaf '18 decided to pick it up .
“ [ The Wizards and Muggles Club ] just reached out broadly to AMP [ and ] … people on my Committee also were interested in doing something with Harry Potter , so it was just a natural match , ” Kevin Nelson '18 , the chair of AMP 's Interns committee said . “ Our committee kind of picked it up with the Late Nite committee … so we had two committees interested , and we said , ‘ Ok , let 's work together on this . ' ”
Once the Late Nite and Interns committees agreed to sponsor the event , members from both groups began to work with the Wizards and Muggles Club on planning the details . The organizers decided to have a waiting room area filled with Harry Potter-themed snacks and activities for Harry Potter fanatics — and casual fans — to enjoy .
“ We have a photobooth in here , and I brought in my own robes [ and ] I brought in two interactive wands , and I have my Hufflepuff scarf , ” Assaf said . “ Not everyone on the [ AMP ] Committee likes Harry Potter , but enough do and it 's a big enough thing where people can come and have fun , and even if they do n't watch the … movies or read the books , they can pose with the wands [ or ] our 9 3/4 wall . ”
Many of the activities in the waiting room would appeal to anyone , not simply die-hard Harry Potter fans . Assaf reached out to the Quidditch team and invited them to collaborate on the event , so members of the team handed out frothy glasses of Butterbeer , made from their secret recipe , to thirsty competitors . The team also displayed some of their brooms , posts and other equipment to encourage students to consider joining the team .
“ When I was first applying to colleges … I chose which schools to apply to [ based on ] if they had a Quidditch team or not , ” Vice President of the Quidditch team Mimi Clemens '17 said . “ I 'm always [ at Day for Admitted Students ] manning the Quidditch booth with a bunch of other Quidditch players , and every year we always get , like , five or six incoming first-year students who say , ‘ When I applied for William and Mary , I checked [ that ] they had a Quidditch team . ' … It seems like a very peculiar … thing … but how I thought about it was more like , if they have a Quidditch team , they must be … pretty accepting of nerds . ”
Despite the fact the Triwizard Tournament was originally a competition , this event involved many different types of collaboration — within the different AMP committees , between AMP and the various clubs involved and between the Harry Potter fans running the event and students who are new to the series . As Assaf commented , one of the appeals of AMP is that it works with groups on campus who are interested in hosting an event but lack the funds to pull it off , and it helps them to create a magical night .
“ It 's really fun for me , to actually be passionate about something and plan it out , ” Assaf said . “ Like , we did a Triwizard Tournament . Who else can say that ? ”
The Vallejo Admirals may have a geographic rival starting in 2018 .
The four-team Pacific Association of Professional Baseball Clubs has given Napa business person Bruce Johnston a June 30 deadline to gather support to create a fifth team , according to a league news release released on Tuesday .
Johnston has launched an exploratory effort to gauge fan interest and attract sponsors and community partners over the next five months , according to the professional independent league .
Besides the Admirals , the Pacific Association also includes the Sonoma Stompers , San Rafael Pacifics and Pittsburg Diamonds . The league is also seeking to add a sixth team in 2018 .
If Napa joins the league , the franchise will be called the Napa Silverados .
The team will play approximately 80 games in June , July and August , including 40 home games . Johnston is in discussions with Napa Valley College to lease its baseball field for the Silverados ' home games , and if they can reach agreement , NVC will benefit from rental revenue and improvements to the Storm baseball field , including increased seating among other fan amenities , the release stated .
“ We are looking to bring affordable and exciting family entertainment to Napa during the summer months when kids are out of school , ” Johnston said , via the release .
Johnson formed Johnston Real Estate Services , a consulting firm for mall and shopping center owners , retailers , institutional investors and legal practices . They and their wife Jill , who married in 1997 , live in West Napa with their border collie , Bugsy .
Johnston , a native of North Carolina , graduated from the University of North Carolina in 1979 with a bachelor 's degree in English literature . They lived and worked in Virginia before moving to Florida to work in magazine advertising sales .
Johnston is asking interested local businesses , community groups , nonprofit agencies , service clubs and individuals to call them at ( 707 ) 254-8377 to find out how to become a part of the new local venture .
A full schedule for the Pacific Association 's 2017 season will be release in the coming weeks . A league tryout date and time will also be finalized .
The Admirals are tentatively set to open the 2017 season May 30 . A tryout is tentatively set for April 8 in Pittsburg .
The Blues remain in managerial limbo and the Brazil international has been heavily linked with a Stamford Bridge departure .
Barcelona have also been tipped to launch a big-money raid .
Bookies Coral reckons the Nou Camp is their most likely next destination .
Coral 's Harry Aitkenhead told Starsport : “ For months now the odds have fluctuated on Willian 's next club , with Manchester United having been the strong favourites just weeks ago .
“ The latest betting suggests that Barcelona are firmly in pole position even if a bid was rejected , and Manchester United look set to lose out unless they act quickly . ”
The Telegraph say Chelsea are open to selling Willian to United - but only if they get Anthony Martial in return .
Two new arrests have been made in a west Tulsa chop shop .
Deputies think Jared Reeder used their tow truck to steal cars then they would bring them to Brandon Walker 's house to be chopped up and sold for parts .
They said if the men felt deputies were on to them , they 'd take the stolen cars over to a friend 's house in Leonard .
Deputies said they were careful as they approached Jared Reeder 's house because they knew they were watching them .
`` We had intel that there was a surveillance system being used in the house so you have to hit it a lot quicker and you have to keep your head on a swivel the whole time , '' said Casey Roebuck with the Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office .
Arrest reports say the intel was right . Deputies found Reeder in their bedroom , watching deputies on cameras they had placed around theirs home .
They said they recovered 4 stolen cars and drugs at Reeder 's home then went to buddy 's house around the corner .
They said they found drugs and a homemade bomb inside Brandon Walker 's home along with two children under the age of 10 .
2/1/2018 Related Story : Bomb Squad Finds IED Inside Home Near Berryhill
`` To go in and find this device in the house where we know the kids were , as a parent it 's disturbing , it 's hard to imagine why the people entrusted to take care of these children and protect them were putting them in harm 's way , '' Roebuck said .
They arrested Walker for child neglect , drugs , and having explosives .
Deputies then went to Leonard and arrested two more people , Clinton Brewer and Haley Spry on drug charges .
`` We believe it was all part of the same auto theft ring , '' Roebuck said .
Court documents show Walker has been to prison for larceny and 2nd-degree burglary .
Reeder has a history of drug charges and Brewer has a current drug case pending .
Deputies said the ATF has the homemade bomb and Walker could be facing federal charges .
A professor at the faculty of humanities , Maitama Sule University , Kano , Umar Labdo , says the Fulanis are destined to lead Nigeria for a long time .
In an interview , Labdo said the Fulanis brought literacy to the country .
According to him , the tribe had transcripts dating back to 500 years ago , at a time “ when no other tribe knew how to write ” .
They said : “ Those who rule are those that are more civilised and educated . Now , Fulani happened to be more educated than all other tribes in Nigeria before the Europeans came .
“ We are the ones who brought literacy here as we have manuscripts , hundreds of them , which were written between 300 and 500 years ago , when no other tribe knew how to write .
“ And that is why the lot fell on our people to lead in this country and we are still leading the people . We are destined to continue leading people ; but I know , if people read this , they will say they are a supremacist or something like that , no !
“ It is not like that . This is a burden and we pay for it . Sardauna was killed because they were a ruler . If they had not been a ruler , why would they have been killed ? Murtala Mohammed ( former military head of state ) was also killed . Why ? It was because they were a ruler . ”
They described Fulani 's “ destiny ” to lead as a “ burden ” on the tribe .
“ It is not something we are proud of , ” they said , adding : “ It is a burden but we have to shoulder the burden because we are the ones who are qualified for it . ”
Labdo said the federal government did not propose the idea of cattle colonies because President Muhammadu Buhari is Fulani .
They said this is because “ any president of Nigeria has the obligation to help Fulani to settle down but not to use force . ”
He , however , accused the Benue state government of trying to expel Fulani people through the law banning open grazing .
The professor added : “ What is being done in Benue state is attempting to expel Fulani . Now , the Fulani in question are unsettled Fulani , not Fulani like me ; I am a professor .
“ But most of the unsettled Fulani are illiterates . So , if you want to change their way of life , which they have been following for centuries , you have to do it step by step .
“ Instead , you enacted a law today , then armed a militia and asked it to enforce the law tomorrow . You are expelling these people ; this is what is happening in Benue . ”
The Raptors needed a game like Friday 's laugher over Portland , a solid squad . As previously noted , Toronto has not been anything special against good-very good NBA outfits this season . Gamblers probably thought the high-scoring , solid defending Blazers would blow the Raptors out of the building . Instead , the starters sent out a message and the bench rebounded from an awful Fred VanVleet-less night in Washington .
For a while there it looked like the Raptors might threaten the franchise record for fewest turnovers in a game . They had only one at the half – a bad Serge Ibaka pass into traffic – and two more in the third . Twice a Raptors team had had only three turnovers in a game , but they had three more in the fourth . Portland only had two turnovers in the entire second half . What a weird game .
Per NBA.com , teams have twice combined for 11 turnovers in a game , the league record . The Raptors and Trail Blazers combined for only 16 in this one .
OG Anunoby went right to the back in the fourth quarter after taking a bump but Dwane Casey said : “ He 's okay . I 'm sure their brother hit them harder than that . ”
Anunoby 's older brother Chigbo is 6-4 , 324 and played in the NFL . Casey is likely correct .
One more point on VanVleet , a free agent this summer . Not sure exactly what is happening with Andy Miller 's agency , but VanVleet has been repped by ASM , like Lowry , Serge Ibaka and other Raptors . Masai Ujiri and their staff have a good relationship with them and they are n't about to just let VanVleet , who they pursued diligently , bolt to another team . They ' l find a way . MLSE is extremely profitable and VanVleet has become a fan favourite .
Always great to catch up with Ed Davis , a warrior on the court , but as nice as they come off of it . We told Ed we remember when they were stuck in a corner in visiting locker rooms as a youngster . Now , they get one of the two so-called “ king ” seats ( basically the space of two lockers and with no neighbouring lockers ) given to veterans like LeBron James or Dwyane Wade . Evan Turner , not Damian Lillard , got the other one . Sometimes star power trumps experience , but Turner and Davis are the two oldest Blazers , the only two players in the room born in the 1980s ( related , I am old ) .
Boss gave a couple of reporters a good-natured hard time about ripping their close friend DeRozan 's original contract extension ( which , to be fair , pretty much everybody did at the time ) . Now he 'll finish top 7 or so in MVP voting and the point was made there was far more of a backlash when DeRozan became a $ 10 million a year player , compared to when they got their $ 140 million monster extension .
Reports have Davis as a potential trade deadline mover . Still remember the raw emotion in Atlanta after they and Jose Calderon had been told minutes before that they had been dealt in the original Rudy Gay deal . Davis and the other Raptors were stunned . They love Portland and is now a veteran , so another move , should it happen , likely would n't hit nearly as hard , though the rumours were n't discussed in the conversation .
THREE STARS
1 – DeMar DeRozan
2 – Fred VanVleet
3 – Damian Lillard
Calgary police are investigating after a woman and a child were found in distress around 7 p.m. Friday in a green space near the 100 block of Berberry Crescent in the northwest .
Police said initial reports suggest they were both suffering from stab wounds . On Friday evening , they were both in hospital in serious but stable condition .
A man was taken into custody at the scene .
CTV London
Chatham-Kent police have released the names of the victims and the accused in a Wallaceburg homicide investigation .
Emergency crews responded to a home on Book Street on April 18 around 6:30 p.m. , for a man who was found without vital signs .
Nicholas Laprise , 24 , of Dover Township man was pronounced dead at the scene .
A post-mortem was conducted on April 19 at University Hospital in London . The cause of death will not be released at this time .
A search warrant was executed and officers have completed their forensic examination of the scene .
Police say this was not a random act of violence as the man and woman were known to each other .
Kourtny Audette , 25 , of Book Street in Wallaceburg is charged with first degree murder .
The remains in custody pending a bail hearing .
Them next court date is scheduled for May 2 at 10:30 a.m. by way of video appearance .
Detectives from the Major Crime Unit continue their investigation . Anyone with information is asked to contact the Unit at 519-436-6616 or Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS ( 8477 ) .
WASHINGTON - Russian authorities have confirmed that a group of diplomats expelled from the United States have boarded a special flight and are on their way home .
A spokesperson for Russia 's Embassy in the US said Sunday that the diplomats , who were accused of espionage and were asked to leave the US soil earlier in the week , had departed from Washington 's Dulles International Airport and were heading to Moscow .
“ The plane has taken off , ” Nikolai Lakhonin said , adding that the all the diplomats that had been expected to leave the US by January 1 were on the flight . Moscow had earlier sent a special plane to evacuate the diplomats and their families . The 35 staffers were ordered by US President Barack Obama to leave the country on December 29 after accusing them of engagement in espionage for Russia .
The case was related to the alleged cyberattacks against US Democrats during the 2016 presidential election . Obama also imposed sanctions on two Russian intelligence agencies while ordering the closure of two Russia-owned recreational compounds .
The hacking allegations against Russia are the latest episode in the already strained relations between Washington and Moscow . The two have been at odds over the conflicts in Syria and Ukraine . The Russian government said after the expulsions of the diplomats that it would delay a potential retaliation until President-elect Donald Trump takes office on January 20 . Russian President Vladimir Putin has hoped for a restoration of ties under Trump , who hailed Putin 's decision not to retaliate and has generally rejected the notion that Russia was involved in the hacking that many say helped them win the US election .
Embarrassed J-League officials issued an apology on Wednesday after announcing that Spanish World Cup winner Fernando Torres had completed a transfer to Japanese club Sagan Tosu .
But the leaked post , which was dated May 31 but hastily removed from the J-League 's official website , could still signal Torres 's arrival in Japan after speculation linking the former Liverpool striker with a move .
Before being deleted , the news was widely shared on social media , triggering rumours of a formal announcement from Kyushu-based Sagan .
Japan 's professional football league , which was launched in 1993 , welcomed Barcelona icon Andres Iniesta to rival club Vissel Kobe last week .
On its official Twitter feed the J-League apologised for the gaffe .
“ We deeply apologise to staff and fans of Sagan Tosu for the misunderstanding , ” officials tweeted .
Ex-Chelsea striker Torres , who scored the winner for Spain in Euro 2008 final and also won the 2010 World Cup and another European title in 2012 , is leaving their boyhood club Atletico Madrid .
The 34-year-old has also been linked with a move to the Major League Soccer 's Chicago Fire .
But Sagan , who are languishing second from bottom of the J-League first division , have emerged as a candidate to sign Torres as they look to ease their relegation fears .
Cranbrook RCMP , along with East Kootenay Traffic Services are currently investigating a man for several driving offences and placing the public and police officers in danger .
On August 10 , around 8 pm , a Traffic RCMP Officer in Elk Valley attempted to stop a vehicle in the Hosmer area . This vehicle , a black Infiniti , had been travelling at speed in excess of 160km/hr . The vehicle fled from police . The vehicle was located inside the City of Fernie but again , after seeing police with their lights on , fled at a high rate of speed .
Witnesses in the Fernie area came forward to say that the vehicle had narrowly missed sideswiping a vehicle and almost struck a pedestrian .
After several more complaints , a traffic officer in Cranbrook located the vehicle on the Strip in Cranbrook around 9 pm and tried to pull the vehicle over but yet again the vehicle took off southbound accelerating up to speeds of 190 kmh .
A Cranbrook member who was further down the highway activated their emergency equipment as the vehicle was cresting a hill . The suspect driver came over the crest , noted police and attempted to evade by going around the police vehicle and lost control ending up in ditch .
The suspect driver then fled on foot into the bush but was apprehended on the railway tracks with the help of the general public .
Cranbrook RCMP would like to thank those who assisted in locating the suspect .
The driver sustained minor injuries as a result of the crash . Luckily no other members of the general public were injured .
Charges being recommended against the 24-year-old Alberta resident , including Dangerous Operation of a Motor Vehicle , Flight from Police and Impaired Driving .
RCMP are requesting anyone who might have come into contact with this black Infiniti to call 250-489-3471 if they wish to provide any information about the driving behavior of this individual .
Education Minister Mitzie Hunter packed more bologna than was thought to be humanly possible into a short letter to the editor last week .
To call the letter disingenuous would be a kindness . It was full of unadulterated nonsense .
`` Our government remains committed to students in rural Ontario . '' Some plans to close rural schools involve disrupting student education and busing youngsters as long as 90 minutes a day one way . Some commitment .
The minister goes on to say the government spends $ 1,000 more for each rural pupil compared to urban pupils . So what ? Of course education in rural areas will be more expensive . It 's the density thing .
Hunter then detail all the money that has been spent on rural education , the new schools that have been built and schools that have been renovated .
Thanks very much , but what about the schools that have been closed ?
Hunter takes on the Ontario Conservative leader for demanding a moratorium on school closings .
Hunter : `` We continue to see Patrick Brown 's Conservatives wanting to restrict the local decision making power of school boards limiting a board 's ability to prioritize student needs .
`` He wants the decisions that impact local students and communities to be made at Queen 's Park without giving the locally-elected trustees . . . the opportunity to have these important planning conversations . ''
However , Hunter fails to mention these are decisions within a framework of their ministry 's making . Local decisions are dictated by funding models that come right out of their department .
Under those models , local boards close schools or lose money . The bureaucrats who run local boards also fall out of favour with their counterparts at Queen 's Park if they do n't get on the school closing bandwagon .
Of course , this is all about politics and the provincial election in June 2018 . Hunter 's Liberals are about as popular in rural Ontario as a drunk at a Women 's Christian Temperance Union meeting .
Two schools in the Georgian Bay region have escaped the ministry 's guillotine at least temporarily because their communities came up with plans to provide financial help .
Private industry is in involved . Local government is involved . A developer is involved .
Neither Hunter 's ministry nor the local school board lifted a finger to help keep these schools open , even though the case for closing them was weak at best .
The fact these two schools have been saved was just announced . Hunter is expected to visit the schools in Paisley and Markdale Wednesday .
No reason for the visit has been announced , but if they claim any credit for their ministry they should be shown the route out of town .
jmerriam @ bmts.com
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing ! Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
A `` career criminal '' with 188 previous offences raided a shop just a few hours after being given a “ golden opportunity ” to avoid prison .
They were originally treated leniently but `` threw it back in the court 's face '' and reverted to crime .
Martin McGhee , 47 , of Ancholme Court , Parkinson Avenue , Scunthorpe , admitted two offences of burglary and others of theft and possessing cocaine .
Ben Thomas , prosecuting , told Grimsby Crown Court that McGhee was given a community order at the same court on October 6 but committed a burglary at a newsagent in Barton just a few hours later .
They stole a purse , containing £36 cash , from a staff office but was identified from a CCTV screenshot after the victim sent it to a friend who identified McGhee .
They were seen acting suspiciously near dodgems at Hull Fair on October 13 . They were searched and cocaine was found .
McGhee stole three helium balloons from the Card Factory in Hull on October 15 and stole three bottles of fragrance from Boots in Scunthorpe on November 2 .
McGhee was in breach of the community order imposed on October 6 for offences of dangerous driving , burglary , theft and possessing heroin .
They had convictions for 188 previous offences , 115 of them for theft .
Ashley Metcalfe , mitigating , said McGhee fell back into the `` cycle '' and `` abyss '' of drugs after being released from prison and finding that they had no immediate access to a methadone prescription .
`` He has been in and out of prison and in and out of the courts almost all of their life , '' said Miss Metcalfe .
`` He has no wish to go back to the lifestyle they once had . ''
Judge Mark Bury told McGhee that they had an `` appalling record '' and had been described by a probation officer as a `` career criminal '' . They had `` gone off the rails '' but had been given a chance at the previous court hearing .
`` You made no effort whatsoever to justify the court 's giving you such a chance , '' said Judge Bury .
`` You were given a golden opportunity and you wasted it . You threw it back in the court 's face . You are not getting another chance . You 've had it . ''
McGhee was jailed for two years and three months .
Email clients come in all shapes and sizes , but when it comes to the options available on the Mac , we feel that Airmail is the best email client for most people . It 's easy to use , supports a number of different email providers , has a solid search function , and more .
Platform : macOS
Price : $ 9.99
Download Page
Features
Supports Gmail , Google Apps , iCloud , Exchange , IMAP , POP3 , and local accounts
Unlimited email accounts with a unified inbox
Gmail keyboard shortcuts , global shortcuts , and custom shortcuts
Adjustable interface with multiple themes , modes , and layout options
Global search , filters , advanced token search , and a preview mode
Integration with Omnifocus , Fantastical , Trello , Asana , Evernote , Reminders , Calendar , BusyCal , Things , 2To , Wunderlist , and Todoist
Large contact photos for most contacts
Support for Gmail Primary Inbox
Support for folders , colors , Gmail labels , flags , and more
Attachment support for integration with Dropbox , Google Drive , Droplr , and CloudApp
Customizable notifications
VIP support with sender-specific notifications
Quick replies
Send later options
Customizable menus , gestures , and shortcuts
Today extension and handoff support
iCloud syncing with iPhone app
Folders and labels for organization
Search filters , flags , and message sorting
AppleScript support
Muting and blocking features
Task-based sorting with options to send emails to memos , done , or to-dos
Support for Markdown , rich text , HTML , and plain text
Where It Excels
Airmail 's biggest strength is the variety of ways you can customize it . Part of that comes from the fact that Airmail is updated pretty frequently , which means that not only does it regularly get new features , it 's also always up to date with the most modern iterations of macOS . Over the course of its life , those updates have added in features like snoozing , VIP mailbox , and plenty of other modern email features .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The ways that you can customize Airmail are pretty in-depth . You can alter what 's on your sidebar , what emails you 're notified about , how emails are displayed , how long a “ snooze ” is , how gestures work , where you save files , and tons more . Airmail also integrates with a bunch of third-party services , so if you use one of the supported to-do apps or notes apps as part of your email workflow then it 's pretty easy to integrate that into Airmail .
Airmail is basically a power-user email app for people who do n't want to go “ full power-user ” with something like Outlook . It 's great for the niche of people who need an advanced email client on their Mac and who are n't afraid to get their hands dirty customizing it .
Where It Falls Short
At $ 10 , Airmail is a bit of an investment and while it 's well worth the cost if you use all is features , not everyone needs a ton of features to begin with . While Airmail is very customizable , it 's not great out of the box , which means you 'll want to spend a 10-15 minutes playing around with various settings , options , and other things to tweak it to suit your needs . If you use email a lot for work , this is n't a huge deal , but if you 're a casual user who just want to send and receive some mail then Airmail is overkill .
The Competition
Apple Mail is probably the most obvious competition here . The packed-in email client is ... fine . It works on a fundamental level , but since it 's only updated when Apple updates its entire operating system , it 's pretty devoid of modern features . If you just check and reply to emails , it does the job though .
Sponsored
Spark ( Free ) is easily the best alternative to Airmail for people who do n't need as many of the advanced features that come packed into it . Spark has a lot of the modern razzle-dazzle of Airmail without the clutter . It has smart inbox sorting , iCloud syncing with the free mobile app , email snoozing , and quick replies . The free part might seem like its main strength , but it gives me pause because it 's unclear what the business model is , and therefore hard to tell what will happen to the app in the future . We 've seen far too many abandoned email apps over the years to trust any free app moving forward , even if it is run by a company with a whole productivity suite . Still , it 's a great alternative to Airmail and free to check out if you 're curious .
Postbox ( $ 40 ) is another great competitor . Like Airmail , Postbox excels in search options and additional powerful features you wo n't find in most other mail clients . For example , you get message summary mode , sorting by type/subject of email ( called the Focus Pane ) , add-ons , easy archiving of messages , and more . It 's a little clunky to actually use though , and Postbox does n't feel as at home in macOS as Airmail does . While you can check out a trial of Postbox for free , it 's a tough sell at $ 40 unless you really enjoy it .
Federer , Serena rip Wimbledon rivals
2 SHARES Share Tweet
LONDON ( AFP ) – Eight-time champion Roger Federer and seven-time winner Serena Williams shrugged off 30-degree heat to breeze into the Wimbledon second round Monday .
Federer , the defending champion and seeking a 21st major , marked the start of their 20th successive Wimbledon with a new look and a comfortable 6-1 , 6-3 , 6-4 win over Serbia 's Dusan Lajovic .
Williams , like Federer , 36-years-old but chasing a 24th Slam title , enjoyed a hard-fought 7-5 , 6-3 victory over Holland 's Arantxa Rus .
It was the American 's first match at the England Club since lifting the 2016 title .
They missed the 2017 edition as they prepared for the birth of their first child .
Top seed Federer marched out on Centre Court dressed for the first time in gear designed by Japanese giant Uniqlo in a deal reported to be worth $ 300 million after a two-decade association with Nike .
But everything else was familiar for the Swiss star who cruised past world number 57 Lajovic in just 79 minutes .
It was the second successive year that Federer had knocked out the Serb at Wimbledon .
Out on Court One , Serena , seeded 25 this year despite a ranking of 181 , had too much power for Rus , the world 107 .
US Open champion and fourth seed Sloane Stephens became the tournament 's first big name casualty when they slumped to a 6-1 , 6-3 loss to Croatia 's world 55 Donna Vekic .
For Stephens , fresh from making the French Open final last month , it was their second successive first round loss at the tournament .
“ There is n't too much I can do – I 'm not going to go and cry . Life goes on , '' said Stephens , who was followed out of the tournament by Bulgarian sixth seed Grigor Dimitrov .
The 2014 semi-finalist was stunned by three-time Slam winner Stan Wawrinka 1-6 , 7-6 ( 7/3 ) , 7-6 ( 7/5 ) , 6-4 .
Wawrinka , whose ranking has slumped to 225 after knee surgery , had lost their last four matches against Dimitrov .
But at the same tournament where they played what proved to be their last match of 2017 , the 33-year-old was rejuvenated .
‘ 'It 's a great feeling to win like this on Centre Court , '' said Wawrinka , twice a quarter-finalist at Wimbledon .
Related
comments
Canadian swimming star Penny Oleksiak has another Canadian record to their name .
The 17-year-old from Toronto set a Canadian record en route to winning silver in the women 's 50-metre butterfly on the Mare Nostrum tour on Wednesday in Barcelona . Them time of 25.76 seconds lowered the previous mark of 25.92 set last year by Katerine Savard of Pont-Rouge , Que .
Rebecca Smith of Red Deer , Alta. , finished fifth in 26.35 , while Savard was seventh ( 26.69 ) .
Oleksiak 's silver was one of three medals for Canada on the day . Markus Thormeyer of Delta , B.C. , was bronze in the 100-metre backstroke to go with the silver they captured in the 200-metre event Tuesday . Rob Hill of North Vancouver , B.C. , was fifth .
Kelowna-born Taylor Ruck won bronze in the women 's 200 back .
Montana Champagne of Ottawa , who along with Hill is competing as part of Canada 's national team development program , was fourth in the men 's 400 individual medley . Ottawa 's Erika Seltenreich-Hodgson also narrowly missed the podium , finishing fourth in the 200 I.M .
Edmonton 's Richard Funk made two finals , finishing fifth in the men 's 200 breaststroke and sixth in the 50 breaststroke . Sandrine Mainville of Boucherville , Que. , was sixth in the women 's 100 freestyle .
Mare Nostrum is a three-leg series of two-day meets . The international event is a tune-up for next month 's FINA world championships in Budapest .
Let 's block ads ! ( Why ? )
CBC | Sports News
Photo : Shawn Thew ( Getty Images )
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has always been trash . They openly hate arguably the most peaceful herb of all herbs , and Martin Luther King Jr. 's widow openly despised their ass . That 's right : Coretta Scott King took time out of their busy day to pen a letter to block the 1986 nomination of Jeff Sessions for federal judge because he 's basura .
But it seems that President Donald Trump is upset because Sessions appeared to be Trump 's kind of trash , but it turns out that while he 's trash , he 's not easily manipulated trash .
The beef began in March 2017 during the confirmation hearing for the head of the Department of Justice . Sessions straight up lied , under oath , about meeting with a Russian ambassador . That lie led to Sessions recusing themselves from all Russia investigations , and the short-lived love affair between the president and Sessions was over before it began . For some reason , President Trump believed that the work of the DOJ was to cover their ass from potentially damaging inquiries into their abysmal and corrupt administration . Sadly ( for him ) , the president has learned the hard way that the DOJ are not their personal henchmen , but that has n't stopped them from voicing their frustration with Sessions .
On Wednesday , Trump took to their most trusted forum , Twitter , to tweet for the 100th time how much they hate Jeff Sessions . Citing the representative with the silliest haircut in Congress , Harold Watson “ Trey ” Gowdy III ( R-S.C. ) , Trump wrote :
Advertisement
Trump is a petty bitch . They not only undermines their own cabinet ; they also publicly shames them on Twitter . Trump is actually mad at themselves for not knowing that Sessions had the power to recuse themselves and is blaming Sessions for using it . Trump believes that the DOJ 's responsibility is to shield them from investigations into their corrupt administration , but he 's learning that this is n't how that works . Sessions ' recusal and the sudden and abrupt firing of then-FBI Director James Comey was what led to the appointment of special counsel Robert Mueller , aka Trump 's archnemesis .
Advertisement
It should be noted that Trump 's latest tweet tantrum is n't coming out of nowhere ; on Tuesday , The New York Times dropped a bombshell claiming that Trump asked Sessions to reverse their recusal last spring and the attorney general refused .
Trump reportedly “ berated ” Sessions during their meeting at Mar-a-Lago and demanded that they get back in control of the Russia investigation .
Mueller is also reportedly investigating this conversation and Trump 's continuous Twitter assault on Sessions to determine whether the president obstructed justice , the New York Daily News reports .
Advertisement
In short , there is nothing new to see here : Sessions is still trash , Trump is mad that they ca n't stop the Russia investigation and Mueller is still getting to bottom of what appears to be a bottomless pit of collusion corruption .
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - U.S. President Donald Trump 's order to their top trade adviser to investigate supposedly unfair Chinese trade practices will `` poison '' relations between the two countries , a Chinese state-run newspaper said on Monday . Trump will later on Monday issue the order to determine whether .... news-yahoo 8:45:00 AM CEST
Britain 's Got Talent dance discovery Flawless presents Chase The Dream - The Reboot Tour at the White Rock Theatre in Hastings on Sunday October 28 from 6pm .
Following an amazing world tour , Flawless is back on home turf performing even bigger and more jaw-dropping routines than ever before .
Stars of the smash hit movies Street Dance 1 & 2 and two-time winners of the World Dance Championships , Flawless came to the fore on TV 's Britain 's Got Talent a few years ago and their popularity has continued to rise ever since . This fantastically high energy , acrobat-fused , feelgood family show follows the journey of 10 Big Dreamers , seeking the opportunity to live their ultimate dance fantasy on board the Intergalactic Dream Ship . The passengers soon realise , that with every dream comes reality , and they must work together to get what they want . Tickets £26.50 from box office on 01424 462288 or whiterocktheatre.org.uk .
UMass women 's basketball looks to overcome seven-game losing streak heading into last three conference games
Posted by Mollie Walker on February 15 , 2017 · Leave a Comment
Bearing the heavy burden of a seven-game losing streak , the Massachusetts women 's basketball team looks ahead to its last three conference games of the season , commencing with a trip to Virginia to take on Richmond .
The Minutewomen ( 9-17 , 3-10 Atlantic10 ) are coming off a harsh loss to Fordham Saturday after being held to less than 10 points in the first and third quarter . The Rams were also able to accumulate 16 points off of UMass turnovers .
“ It was a tale of two halves , ” UMass coach Tori Verdi said . “ I thought that we did some good things in the first half but for the second half , for whatever reason , we were n't disciplined . ”
Verdi acknowledged Fordham 's successful program but still felt as though their team got outworked and out-toughed . They took notice to their team 's need to “ have a better sense of pride . ”
“ We have to pick up our intensity in the game , ” first-year student guard Ryan Holder said . “ We 're working hard in practice and we need to carry that over into the game . ”
Despite being ranked just three spots above UMass in the A-10 standings , the Spiders ( 12-14 , 6-7 A-10 ) have played particularly well on the defensive end . Richmond leads the conference in turnover margin ( 2.73+ ) and are second in steals ( 210 ) .
The Spiders also rank third in the A-10 for scoring defense ( 58.0 points per game ) which punches in at 44th in the nation . To go hand-in-hand with that , they place second in the league and 30th in the nation for 3-point field goal defense as well ( .277 ) .
Verdi is cognizant of the skill level of Richmond but is focusing more on internal improvement for the struggling Minutewomen .
“ Right now , it 's about us , ” Verdi said . “ It 's not about our opponent . We have to understand who we 're playing for and understand that there 's a sense of pride there . ”
The Spiders have been trading wins and losses since their last losing streak on Jan. 25 against Duquesne .
Earlier in the week Richmond redeemed themselves against George Mason after losing by a heartbreaking four points earlier in the season on Jan. 22 . The win became a blowout in the fourth quarter anchored by 19 points from senior guard Janelle Hubbard , who surpassed their average of 14.2 points per game .
Richmond 's junior Kylie Murphree has dished out 110 assists in 26 games this season , after coming off a team-best and career-high 105 assists last season . Murphree sits just three spots below UMass captain Leah McDerment , who has 137 assists so far , in assists per game . McDerment averages 5.3 per game , while Murphree averages 4.2 .
“ I 'm a firm believer that anything is possible going into tournament time , ” Verdi said . “ At this point in time , if you 're not playing hard , you 're not playing . ”
The matchup will serve as this season 's annual breast cancer awareness “ pink ” game . The game could also count as Richmond 's head coach Michael Shafer 's final win , qualifying them as the first coach in the program 's history to reach the 200-win milestone .
Verdi described their team 's next three matchups as “ very winnable games. ” Their goal is to approach each and every single one of them with the mindset that they can win . Regardless of what time in the season it is , Verdi expects their players to be playing the full 40 minutes with 100 percent effort .
“ Hopefully , we have sense of urgency , ” Verdi said . “ That 's what I 'm looking for . ”
Mollie Walker can be reached at molliewalker @ umass.edu and followed on Twitter @ MWalker2019 .
EDWARDSVILLE — Madison County Treasurer Chris Slusser announced their office will expedite property tax distributions in September to help some local school districts at least temporarily avoid a funding crisis . Slusser said their office will make two distributions next month , the first Sept. 12 and the second Sept. 26 .
The property tax distribution was originally scheduled for Sept. 20 . However , during a recent meeting with Bethalto School District Superintendent Jill Griffin and Business Manager Barrett Diest , Slusser was informed that the district was in jeopardy of not making payroll in September because of the state funding crisis . With the new school funding bill , Senate Bill 1 , held up in the legislature , the schools have not received their general state aid payments in August . District 8 was supposed to receive a $ 407,430 payment Aug. 10 and a second payment on Aug. 20 . Those payments are not expected to be made until the school funding bill is passed . Even then , it 's not been made clear as to when the payments will catch up .
“ The legislature ca n't seem to get its act together , and unfortunately , we ca n't control what they 're planning to do or when they 're planning to do it , ” Slusser said . “ In the meantime , schools are held hostage and some are in jeopardy of closing their doors . What we can control is when we distribute our local tax dollars that we 've collected , so this was an easy decision for me . ”
Griffin was very appreciative of the decision .
“ As school districts and students across Illinois continue to face mounting uncertainty , as a result of the political wrangling in Springfield , our county government officials are stepping up to support us through this difficult time , ” Griffin said . “ The Bethalto School District is very grateful to Madison County Treasurer Chris Slusser for agreeing to expedite local property tax distributions to our school district . These local property tax dollars will help us stay afloat , as our state is currently not sending the most basic funding necessary for our school doors to stay open , our general state aid payments , which for Bethalto is about $ 814,000 a month and $ 9 million annually . ”
State law requires the county treasurer to distribute property tax dollars at least once every 30 days during the tax cycle .
“ There 's nothing in the law that says we ca n't distribute dollars more than once every 30 days , so we decided to move up the regularly scheduled September distribution allowing schools to meet their mid-month payroll obligations , and we 'll do a second distribution later in the month to assist in their end-of-month payroll , ” Slusser said .
“ We appreciate Chris inviting us to meet with him , so we could share our predicament during these unprecedented times in public education , ” Griffin said . “ He , and their office team , were welcoming , empathetic , and truly interested to hear the story of our school district and the negative impact the impasse in Springfield is causing . They have worked diligently to understand the issues that our school district is facing and has taken action to help . We genuinely appreciate their time and effort on behalf of our district and their ongoing commitment to all school districts across the county during this very challenging time . ”
Slusser said after their meeting with Griffin and Diest , they spoke with other superintendents around the county who also expressed relief about the news of the expedited payments .
Alton School District Superintendent Mark Cappel was thrilled .
“ We 've been crunching numbers to find a way to stay afloat while the state makes a final decision , ” Cappel said . “ We 're very appreciative of Chris Slusser 's willingness to look out for us and give us a little more breathing room . This will allow us to make our September payroll obligations and keep our doors open . ”
Slusser said the schools wo n't be the only ones benefiting from the early and additional distribution next month .
“ All taxing districts in the county will be receiving two distributions in September , ” they said . “ The school funding crisis triggered this decision ; however , we felt it made sense to go ahead and distribute funds to all taxing districts at the same time . ”
Follow AdVantage News on Facebook and Twitter
Victoria de Lesseps , the 22-year-old daughter of “ The Real Housewives of New York City ” Countess LuAnn de Lesseps , got into some trouble in the Hamptons this month . The young woman , who describes themselves as an artist and designer on Instagram , was pulled over almost two weeks ago on Main Street in Sag Harbor , where their mother has a home , for driving without headlights .
The East Hampton Star reports they blew an alleged .15 at the station and was released without bail the next morning . The legal limit is .08 percent .
Victoria will be headed to court on May 5 .
Them attorney Edward Burke Jr. said , “ I look forward to defending them vigorously in court . ”
Site C dam construction work has included extensive earth works and preparations in the riverbed . ( B.C . Hydro )
B.C . Premier John Horgan has given the green light to completion of the Site C hydroelectric dam , after B.C . Hydro revised its cost estimate upward by more than $ 1 billion .
The B.C . NDP cabinet has struggled with the decision , with the project two years in and facing a cost of $ 4 billion to shut down construction of the third dam on the Peace River and put the site back the way it was .
After hearing from experts for weeks , the government faced an estimate that B.C . Hydro rates are already expected to rise 30 per cent over the next 10 years without the costs of B.C . Hydro .
If the dam is halted , rates would go up another 12 per cent by 2020 to pay the cost . That translates to an extra $ 198 per year for an average single-family house .
When it proceeds , government officials expect the additional rate increase would be 6.5 per cent when the dam goes into service in 2024 . B.C . Hydro would likely apply to the B.C . Utilities Commission to “ smooth ” that rate increase , raising it in smaller steps to pay for the dam .
Horgan blasted the previous B.C . Liberal government for “ megaproject mismanagement ” that left the NDP government with little choice .
“ It 's clear that Site C should never have been started , ” Horgan said . “ But to cancel it now would add billions to the province 's debt – putting at risk our ability to deliver housing , child care , schools and hospitals across B.C . And that 's a price we 're not willing to pay . ”
The risk reserve for Site C has been increased by $ 700 million to prepare for further costs increases .
more to come…
Actress Bella Thorne made a shocking revelation to their fans on social media .
The former Disney star revealed on Twitter on Friday that they were molested .
A cyber-troll wrote the actor , “ What did Disney do to this girl ? ! I think they were molested ? ”
The 20 year old candidly responded , “ Yeah I was . So it was n't Disney . ”
The startling revelation stunned fans .
One user said , “ The comments on here disgust me . Bella you 're a beautiful human , you are deserving of all the love and happiness in the world . Keep being yourself , you 're doing great , you 're great ! Stay strong❤️ . ”
Another penned their support , “ Im so sorry for hearing that : ( never forget that i always support you . ”
The tweet has been shared nearly 3,000 times .
Thorne followed up with another Twitter post writing , “ The world can be a sick place sometimes : / ”
They did not identify when the alleged molestation happened or name the accused molestor .
related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
2 related media assets ( image or videos ) available . Click to see the gallery .
Carmaker Daimler and Saudi Arabia 's Kingdom Holding , a firm owned by billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal , have taken part in an US $ 150 million investment in Dubai-based ride-hailing firm Careem .
DUBAI : Carmaker Daimler and Saudi Arabia 's Kingdom Holding , a firm owned by billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal , have taken part in an US $ 150 million investment in Dubai-based ride-hailing firm Careem .
Venture capital firm DCM Ventures and hedge fund Coatue Management also took park in the Uber-rival 's fundraising , Careem said in a statement .
Kingdom Holding , which said in a separate statement it spent US $ 62 million acquiring an 7.11 percent stake , will receive a seat on Careem 's board .
Emerging markets-focused private equity firm Abraaj Group said it divested its share in Careem as part of Kingdom Holding 's buy in .
Kingdom Holding , which is also an investor in Uber 's U.S. rival Lyft , said the Careem deal would have no material impact on the company 's results and would be reflected in its financial statements from the second quarter .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The latest fundraising for Careem lifts investment in the firm to US $ 500 million from US $ 350 million last December when government controlled Saudi Telecom Co. ( STC ) bought into the company .
Careem Chief Executive Mudassir Sheikha told Reuters in March the firm was considering an initial public offering , as well as acquisitions to help it expand .
Careem operates in 12 countries across the Middle East and North Africa , Turkey and Pakistan .
( Reporting by Alexander Cornwell ; editing by Jason Neely )
GELSENKIRCHEN , Germany : The pitheads around Gelsenkirchen bear testimony to the heavy industry linking the region to local Bundesliga club Schalke 04 , nicknamed 'The Miners ' , where Manuel Neuer started their impressive career .
The west German city 's famous son was voted the world 's best goalkeeper for four years running from 2013-16 and was Germany 's `` Mr Safe Hands '' at the 2014 World Cup with a string of superb performances .
Advertisement
As a result , Neuer finished third in the voting for the 2014 Ballon d'Or behind superstars Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo , who won the title .
Sidelined by a foot fracture since September , Neuer is set to play their first full match in Saturday 's friendly international against Austria in Klagenfurt .
Germany fans hope their goalkeeper and captain will prove they are ready to face Mexico in Moscow on Jun 17 in their first World Cup match - none more so than one of their first coaches at Schalke .
`` He did n't become a world-class goalkeeper for nothing . I hope they come back better than ever , '' Norbert Elgert , 61 , told AFP at Schalke 's youth academy .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Neuer was born in Gelsenkirchen in March 1986 .
They still have strong ties to the city having opened the youth club MANUS in 2014 for disadvantaged children , which is supported by the Manuel Neuer Kids Foundation .
Neuer started out in Schalke 's academy - dubbed `` The Miners ' Forge '' .
`` POSITIVELY OBSESSED ''
After making their senior Bundesliga debut in August 2006 , Neuer won the 2009 European Under-21 Championship in the same junior Germany team as future World Cup winners Mesut Ozil and Benedikt Hoewedes , also products of Schalke 's youth academy .
Neuer joined Schalke as a small boy in 1991 and wept when they announced in April 2011 , after 203 appearances for the Royal Blues , that they were leaving to join present club Bayern Munich .
The move was the springboard to winning every title available for club and country , including both the Champions League and Club World Cup in 2013 .
In Neuer 's 298 appearances for Bavaria , more than half have been clean sheets .
German coach Norbert Elgert , in charge of the Under-19 team at the Schalke 's youth academy , poses at the footbal club 's training grounds on Oct 2 , 2017 in Gelsenkirchen . ( Photo : AFP )
They have made 74 appearances for Germany and let in just four goals in seven matches at the 2014 World Cup , keeping a clean sheet in the 1-0 win against Argentina in the final .
However , there were few early signs of the huge career - or imposing height at 1.93m - that Neuer was to reach .
`` I 've known them since they were 10 or 12 years old . At that point they are n't fixed on being a goalkeeper , '' explained Elgert , a former Schalke midfielder .
`` At that point , they were relatively short , there was no way of knowing they would grow so tall .
`` However , the one thing they had was that they were positively obsessed with football , even though they are n't considering a professional career at the time .
`` He could have been a pro as an outfield player , but what made them exceptional was their overall talent , their joy of life and of playing .
`` For Manuel , it 's irrelevant whether he 's playing with millions watching at home on television or with 100,000 in the stadium .
`` He 'd happily play with no one watching . ''
`` WELCOME HOME ''
Neuer is renowned for rock-solid confidence , quick reactions and an imposing presence in the box , which makes opposing strikers think twice .
Elgert recalls how Neuer reacted to stiff competition in Schalke 's academy .
`` His real ambition did n't emerge until they were in the Under-19s , '' said Elgert .
`` He was not first-choice , an older goalkeeper was ahead of him , who was in age-group national team .
`` I told Manu : 'With your talent , you can decide for yourself when you will get in the team ' . ''
Sure enough , after a series of convincing performances , `` Manuel quickly became our first-choice and the national goalkeeper for their age-group '' .
It has been seven years since Neuer left Schalke , yet they are far from forgotten in Gelsenkirchen and Elgert admits the announcement of their departure was a sad day .
`` Of course it hurt , the boy grew up here in the academy , '' said Elgert .
`` He 's now 100 per cent Bavaria . For sure , they love their current club and blossoms with it , but he 'll always remain ' a Schalker ' .
`` The boys who leave us always have a bit of Schalke in them .
`` It 's something beautiful and is why when they come back here we should always say 'welcome home ' . ''
Trump call for unity among Americans in their State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Trump call for unity among Americans in their State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Rose McGowan says it 's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop their story about a `` consensual '' relationship
Rose McGowan says it 's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop their story about a `` consensual '' relationship
Rose McGowan to Harvey Weinstein : There was no consent
Rose McGowan to Harvey Weinstein : There was no consent
A law enforcement official says there 's no indication a man identified in court documents as a `` person of interest '' after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting .
A law enforcement official says there 's no indication a man identified in court documents as a `` person of interest '' after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting .
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as they await another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as they await another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site , and out of the elements
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site , and out of the elements
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on why comedians are the `` white blood cells of a sickened democracy ''
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on why comedians are the `` white blood cells of a sickened democracy ''
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on joking around in the era of Trump
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on joking around in the era of Trump
Los Angeles police say middle school shooting that critically injured a boy was accidental ; 12-year-old girl booked for negligent discharge of a firearm .
Los Angeles police say middle school shooting that critically injured a boy was accidental ; 12-year-old girl booked for negligent discharge of a firearm .
Prosecutors : Gun went off in girl 's backpack at LA school
Prosecutors : Gun went off in girl 's backpack at LA school
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan .
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan .
The Latest : Dad who lunged at Nassar says he 's 'no hero '
The Latest : Dad who lunged at Nassar says he 's 'no hero '
Actor and screenwriter Paul Rudd will be subjected to a comedic roast as they pick up their 2018 Man of the Year award from the nation 's oldest collegiate theatrical organization at Harvard University .
Actor and screenwriter Paul Rudd will be subjected to a comedic roast as they pick up their 2018 Man of the Year award from the nation 's oldest collegiate theatrical organization at Harvard University .
NN California 's water managers are carrying out their mid-winter snowpack survey as the winter 's dry spell persists .
NN California 's water managers are carrying out their mid-winter snowpack survey as the winter 's dry spell persists .
Cancer from cellphones ? New studies say no need to hang up
Cancer from cellphones ? New studies say no need to hang up
A new study finds how deep wastewater is injected is key to understanding the quake outbreak in Oklahoma .
A new study finds how deep wastewater is injected is key to understanding the quake outbreak in Oklahoma .
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he 's devastated for causing panic , but was `` 100 percent sure '' it was a real attack .
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he 's devastated for causing panic , but was `` 100 percent sure '' it was a real attack .
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said their customer did n't raise suspicions that they planned to commit any crimes .
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said their customer did n't raise suspicions that they planned to commit any crimes .
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actor Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades .
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actor Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades .
The father of three of Larry Nassar 's victims has apologized to a judge after they tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment .
The father of three of Larry Nassar 's victims has apologized to a judge after they tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment .
( Cory Morse /The Grand Rapids Press via AP ) . Katherine Ebert , left , gives their statement during Larry Nassar 's sentencing at Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte , Mich. , on Wednesday , Jan. 31 , 2018 . Nassar is seated far right . The former Michigan Sta ...
( Cory Morse /The Grand Rapids Press via AP ) . Erin Blayer , left , listens to Michigan Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis before giving their statement during Larry Nassar 's sentencing at Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte on Wednesday , Jan. ...
( Cory Morse /The Grand Rapids Press via AP ) . Larry Nassar appears for their sentencing at Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte , Mich. , on Wednesday , Jan. 31 , 2018 . The former Michigan State University sports-medicine and USA Gymnastics doctor is being ...
( AP Photo/Kathy Willens , File ) . FILE - In this March 3 , 2012 , file photo , gymnastics coach John Geddert is seen at the American Cup gymnastics meet at Madison Square Garden in New York . Gymnasts who were molested by sports doctor Larry Nassar are reser ...
( Cory Morse /The Grand Rapids Press via AP ) . Larry Nassar , right , swears in during their sentencing near defense attorney Matthew Newberg at Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte on Wednesday , Jan. 31 , 2018 . The former Michigan State University sports- ...
CHARLOTTE , Mich. ( AP ) - The Latest on the final sentencing hearing for disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar ( all times local ) :
5:55 p.m .
A man who tried to attack Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom has publicly apologized again and insists he 's `` no hero . ''
Randall Margraves told reporters Friday that he 's remorseful and embarrassed . They say , `` This can not be a lawless society . ''
Margraves lunged at the disgraced former sports doctor after listening to two daughters speak in court about how they were sexually abused . A third daughter also says they were a victim . Sheriff 's deputies tackled Margraves .
Margrave says they lost control when it appeared that Nassar was shaking their head during their daughters ' statements .
Morgan Margraves says their father was hearing some details for the first time . They say they reacted `` like most fathers would have done , and probably wanted to do , in a situation like this . ''
___
12:35 p.m .
A judge says there 's `` no way '' they will punish a father of three victims of Larry Nassar after the dad tried to attack the former sports doctor in a Michigan courtroom .
Randall Margraves apologized Friday , a few hours after they charged toward Nassar during a sentencing hearing in Eaton County , Michigan .
Judge Janice Cunningham says a punishment is n't appropriate based on the crimes committed by Nassar and the anguish felt by families . But they also say it 's wrong to `` combat assault with assault . ''
Cunningham could have given Margraves a jail sentence or fine as they considered whether to hold them in contempt of court .
Nassar must listen to scores of victims before he 's sentenced next week for sexual assault . He 's admitted molesting young gymnasts . He 's already been sentenced to 40 to 175 years in prison in another county .
___
11:50 a.m .
A doctor who specializes in gynecology says Larry Nassar molested them at age 11 at a camp for elite gymnasts .
Brittney Schumann says they could n't be an advocate for women 's health by staying anonymous . They told Nassar , a former sports doctor , that he 's a `` disgrace '' to the medical profession .
Victims are confronting Nassar in court in Eaton County , Michigan . Earlier Friday , a father of three of Nassar 's accusers tried to attack Nassar . Bailiffs quickly tackled the father .
Nassar will be sentenced next week for molesting three girls at a gymnastics club , but they first must listen to dozens of victims . He 's already been sentenced to 40 to 175 years in prison in another Michigan county .
Nassar worked at Michigan State University and at USA Gymnastics , which trains Olympians .
___
10:50 a.m .
A sentencing hearing has resumed for Larry Nassar after a father of three of their victims tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor in a Michigan courtroom .
Randall Margraves was quickly tackled by bailiffs Friday when they lunged at Nassar . Two of Margraves ' daughters are among more than 30 victims who 've given statements during the hearing , which began Wednesday .
The judge resumed the hearing after about 25 minutes . They said the pain and suffering endured by Nassar 's victims is `` unthinkable , '' but that families ca n't react with physical violence .
The hearing focuses on sexual abuse that occurred while Nassar worked with Twistars , an elite Michigan gymnastics club .
More than 150 girls and women confronted Nassar in a separate case focused on their time with Michigan State University and USA Gymnastics . They were sentenced to up to 175 years in prison in that case .
___
9:20 a.m .
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan .
Bailiffs tackled the father Friday morning in the courtroom .
After two of their daughters spoke , the father , Randall Margraves , asked the judge for `` five minutes '' in a locked room with Nassar . The judge said they could not do that .
Margraves then asked for one minute , but the judge said they also could n't allow it . They then rushed at Nassar .
Two of their daughters had given statements to the court . They said their other sister also had been molested by Nassar .
Crying could be heard in the courtroom as Nassar was escorted out . Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis told families in the courtroom to `` use your words '' and that violence `` is not helping your children . ''
___
9:05 a.m .
A Michigan judge says controversial comments made by an attorney for disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar were `` unfortunate . ''
Judge Janice Cunningham opened the second day of Nassar 's final sentencing hearing on Friday by addressing comments that attorney Shannon Smith made the day before to radio station WWJ .
Smith said they had doubts about the large number of women and girls who say they are victims .
The judge says Nassar did n't authorize the statements and has disavowed them . Cunningham says it 's unfortunate Smith made the comments during the sentencing proceedings .
Cunningham says `` what is relevant is for the court to hear each individual story and how the criminal actions of the defendant impacted each individual 's life . ''
The hearing focuses on Nassar 's work with Twistars , an elite Michigan gymnastics club . More than 30 victims have given statements so far . During a similar hearing that ended last week , more than 150 girls and women came forward .
___
11 p.m .
Disgraced gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar is expected to hear from more victims who say they molested them when their third and final sentencing hearing resumes .
The proceedings that continue on Friday probably will extend into next week .
This time the focus is on abuse that happened at the elite Twistars gymnastics club in Michigan where Nassar offered treatments . The young athletes who confronted Nassar on Wednesday saved some of their harshest words for John Geddert , an Olympic coach who operated Twistars .
They said Geddert created an ultra-competitive atmosphere , was indifferent to injuries and rarely offered gymnasts any choice to see a different doctor .
Geddert has been suspended by USA Gymnastics , the sport 's governing body , and has announced their retirement . They transferred ownership of the gym to their wife .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Santa Monica High School ( Samo ) hosted San Marcos High at home Friday March 9 in a non-conference lacrosse match and lost 10-7 dropping their record to 1-4 this year .
ADVERTISEMENT
Tropical Storm Nate was clocking 50 mph winds Friday as it swept toward the Gulf Coast , leaving an estimated 21 people dead after passing over Costa Rica , Nicaragua , and Honduras on Thursday , CNN reports :
A esta hora se han atendido 203 emergencias por lluvias , principalmente en Guanacaste y Puntarenas . pic.twitter.com/xGQ8A95cam — Bomberos Costa Rica ( @ BomberosCR ) October 5 , 2017
Nate is expected to worsen into a category 1 hurricane over the weekend as it makes landfall near New Orleans and sweeps toward the border of Alabama and Florida . `` There is no need to panic , '' said New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu ( D ) after declaring a state of emergency . `` Be ready and prepare . Get a plan . Prepare to protect your personal property . '' Gov . John Bel Edwards ( D ) has also declared a state of emergency across the entire state .
Evacuations ordered for parts of the Gulf coast as # Nate continues to churn in the W. Caribbean . For latest tune in to The Weather Channel pic.twitter.com/RVHFRwx8CN — The Weather Channel ( @ weatherchannel ) October 6 , 2017
The United States has been slammed by three major hurricanes this season so far : Hurricane Harvey in Houston , Hurricane Irma in Florida , and Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico . The Nate storm system `` will still be fairly strong when it makes landfall , but it will be a quicker moving storm than the last few we have had , '' said CNN meteorologist Haley Brink . `` It 's supposed to be in and out pretty quickly . '' As much as 12 inches of rain are expected in certain areas . Jeva Lange
A cyclist has died after being hit by a car off a busy dual carriageway .
The 73-year-old died in hospital after being airlifted from the scene yesterday afternoon .
Police are appealing for anyone who may have witnessed the incident to come forward .
A spokesperson for Durham Constabulary said : `` A cyclist has died following a collision with a car .
`` The incident involving a black Renault Clio happened on the A689 dual carriageway next to the junction to Castle Eden Walkway at about 1pm yesterday .
`` The car was travelling eastbound towards the Castle Eden Walkway car park entrance when the collision occurred .
`` The 73-year-old male cyclist , from Stockton-on-Tees , was airlifted to the James Cook University Hospital in Middlesbrough but has since died .
`` The road was closed between 1.10pm and 6.42pm .
`` Police are appealing for anyone who may have witnessed the collision or saw either the car or cyclist prior to the crash to come forward .
`` They would also ask any drivers who have dashcam footage to get in touch .
`` Please call 101 quoting incident number 226 of October 5 . ''
The Russian defence ministry confirmed the Su-25 aircraft was shot down over Idlib province and said the pilot was killed `` in fighting against terrorists . ''
SARAQIB , Syria : A Russian pilot was killed on Saturday ( Feb 3 ) in fighting with Islamists after their warplane was downed over northwest Syria , Russia 's defence ministry and a monitor said .
Hayat Tahrir al-Sham ( HTS ) , a powerful jihadist-dominated alliance , said it had shot down the plane on an affiliated media channel but made no mention of the pilot .
`` We were able to bring down the Russian warplane with a shoulder-fired missile above Saraqib in Idlib this afternoon , '' said Mahmoud al-Turkmani , who according to the statement heads HTS 's `` air defence brigade . ''
They said the attack was in retaliation for a ferocious bombing campaign by Russian warplanes over Idlib .
HTS , which is dominated by Al-Qaeda 's former affiliate , controls Idlib and has sought to fight back a ferocious Russian-backed assault by Syrian government troops .
An AFP correspondent who arrived at the crash site on Saturday saw what appeared to be the charred remains of the plane , including a wing with a red star still visible .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Firefighters arrived to put out flames that had been spewing dark smoke into the wintry Syrian sky .
The Russian defence ministry confirmed the Su-25 aircraft was shot down over Idlib province and said the pilot was killed `` in fighting against terrorists . ''
'KILLED FIGHTING '
`` A Russian Su-25 aircraft crashed during a flight over the Idlib de-escalation zone . The pilot had enough time to announce they had ejected into the zone , '' the defence ministry said .
`` The pilot was killed in fighting against terrorists , '' it said , quoted by Russian agencies .
It added that `` according to preliminary reports , the plane was shot down by a portable anti-aircraft missile system . ''
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the jet was downed near the town of Saraqib in Idlib and the pilot parachuted to the ground .
They were killed clashing with rebels as they tried to take them hostage , said the Britain-based Observatory .
`` There have been dozens of Russian air strikes in the area over the past 24 hours . This plane was also carrying out raids there , '' said Abdel Rahman .
The Observatory said 20 people , including eight children , were killed on Saturday during a bombardment on Saraqib and surrounding villages .
Syria 's uprising broke out in 2011 with protests against Assad 's rule but has since morphed into a complex war drawing in global powers .
Moscow began conducting air strikes in Syria in September 2015 , and its intervention has swung the nearly seven-year conflict firmly in the favour of its ally in Damascus .
Opposition factions have shot Syrian regime planes in the past , but the downing of Russian aircraft is much rarer .
Turkey shot down a Russian warplane in November 2015 , leading to the worst crisis in ties between the two countries since the end of the Cold War
And in August 2016 , a Russian military helicopter was shot down over Syria and all five people on board were killed .
DEADLY FIRE ON TURKISH TANK
Russia has been spearheading a more than year-long diplomatic push to try to freeze fighting in coordination with fellow regime ally Iran and rebel backer Turkey .
Ankara has supported an array of rebel groups to fight Syria 's government , the Islamic State jihadist group , and Kurdish militia that it has blacklisted as `` terrorists . ''
On Jan 20 , Turkey and allied rebel fighters began an offensive on the Syrian enclave of Afrin , held by the Kurdish People 's Protection Units ( YPG ) .
Seven Turkish soldiers were killed on Saturday as part of the assault , including five who died in a single attack on a tank , the Turkish army said .
The losses mark the highest toll in a single day for the Turkish army in operation `` Olive Branch . ''
The Observatory has also counted 104 allied rebels and 102 YPG fighters killed since the offensive began , as well as 68 civilians .
Ankara has denied targeting civilians as part of its Afrin offensive .
Mourners on Saturday gathered in Afrin to commemorate victims of the operation , including female fighter Barin Kobani whose badly mutilated body appeared in a shocking video earlier this week .
The footage sparked accusations by their family and Kurdish officials that they were `` defiled '' by Turkish-backed rebels .
The opposition 's government-in-exile said on Saturday it had opened an investigation into the matter .
Thousands of people protested on Saturday in France against operation `` Olive Branch , '' gathering in Strasbourg and Paris to condemn the assault .
They held posters that read `` Defend Afrin '' and `` Erdoğan assassin , '' in reference to Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan .
A High Court of the Federal Capital Territory has sentenced a former Taraba State governor , Jolly Nyame , to 14 years in prison without an option of fine .
Mr Nyame was found guilty of 27 out of 41 counts of alleged diversion of public funds while they served as governor of Taraba State .
They were charged by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission ( EFCC ) for allegedly diverting N1.64 billion while they served as governor between 1999 to 2007 .
The judge sentenced the defendant to four different terms in prison , after finding them guilty of receiving gratification , obtaining public funds without due consideration , criminal breach of trust and gratification .
The various sentences include a time of prison for two , five , seven and 14 years respectively .
The judge Adebukola Banjoko however noted that the terms are expected to run concurrently , meaning they would serve 14 years in jail unless the conviction is upturned by a higher court .
In the lengthy judgement that lasted over four hours , the judge narrated how several witnesses brought to court by both parties corroborated the allegation of fraud against the defendant .
The EFCC presented various witnesses who alluded to the fact that Mr Nyame approved the diversion of various funds amounting to over N345 million to a company , Saman global , within five weeks in 2005 , among other allegations .
Despite claims by Mr Nyame that they never knew the said company , the court found them guilty of breaching public trust after noting that the ex-governor confirmed approving the memo wherein the order for the transfer of the funds was made .
The court held that Mr Nyame is guilty of over half of the charges .
According to the judge , Adebukola Bankole , the actions of the perpetrators under the watch of the ex-governor can be likened to the story of Alibaba and the 40 thieves
PARIS : Presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron urged French voters on Monday to turn the page on the last 20 years and bring a new generation to power , as they stepped up attacks against resurgent far-left and conservative rivals six days before voting day .
Macron , a 39-year-old pro-EU centrist who would become the youngest French leader since Napoleon if elected , said recent leaders had betrayed the post-war generation which had rebuilt the country , leaving France unreformed and sclerotic .
`` What has been proposed to the French in the last 20 years is not liberation or reconstruction , but a slow , unavowed acceptation of unemployment , state impotence and social breakdown , '' they told a cheering crowd of at least 18,000 people in the Bercy arena in Paris .
Investors are glued to the outcome of France 's most unpredictable election in decades . Polls suggest growing numbers of voters are turning away from mainstream parties because of disenchantment with the establishment and frustration at years of economic malaise .
With an eye on surveys showing their status as favourite being eroded by a late surge in support for far-leftist Jean-Luc Melenchon , Macron hit back at the Communist-backed candidate who wants France to join a Latin American alliance of leftist leaders founded by late Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez .
`` Some would like France to become Cuba without the sun or Venezuela without the oil , '' they said .
An OpinionWay poll put Macron and far-right leader Marine Le Pen both on 22 percent for the first round of the election to be held on Sunday .
Conservative Francois Fillon was just behind on 21 percent , having recovered some ground since being hit by a scandal over hundreds of thousands of euros of public money they paid their wife while employing them as their parliamentary assistant .
Melenchon gained one point in the same poll to 18 percent , confirming the election is now a four-way race and making it impossible to predict with certainty which two candidates will contest a deciding run-off on May 7 .
Two other polls had Macron just ahead of Le Pen in the first round , and beating them comfortably in the second .
On the sidelines of the rally , which came hours before Le Pen 's own event in the French capital and as Melenchon campaigned on a barge sailing through Paris 's canals , Macron 's close aides acknowledged the former economy minister and investment banker was not guaranteed to reach the runoff .
`` It 's tightening . Fillon could find themselves in the second round if they mobilise their base , '' Christophe Castaner , a Socialist lawmaker close to Macron , told reporters .
`` And then people on the left will go : 'damn it ! ' , like in 2002 , '' they added , in reference to the shock qualification of Le Pen 's father Jean-Marie 15 years ago at the expense of former Socialist premier Lionel Jospin .
However , many in the crowd , which waved French and European flags , continued to believe they would win because of their pro-EU stance and their pledge to transcend the Left-Right divide .
`` We would be proud to be represented in the world by a young and brilliant man , who 's also measured and pragmatic , '' Florence Ombret , a 50-year old teacher from Nevers , told Reuters .
`` It would be an earthquake if we were represented by anti-Europe candidates . We ca n't take this risk , we 're nothing without Europe , '' the former Socialist voter added .
( Additional reporting by Emmanuel Jarry and Ingrid Melander ; Editing by Mark Trevelyan )
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) — Ray Lewis and Brian Urlacher terrorized opposing offenses from the middle of the field . Randy Moss and Terrell Owens did the same to defenses on the outside .
The two hard-hitting linebackers and two big-play receivers highlighted an eight-person class voted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame on Saturday . Safety Brian Dawkins also received at least 80 percent support from the 47 Hall of Fame voters , along with contributor Bobby Beathard and senior nominees Jerry Kramer and Robert Brazile .
But the biggest stars of the class are the two linebackers that made it on their first tries , and the pair of lightning-rod receiver who sometimes caused as many problems for their own teams as for the opposition . Moss also made it on their first try , while Owens needed to wait for their third year on the ballot to get enough support .
“ I 've been going a long time . And now I can finally rest , ” Lewis said . “ I want to go fishing with a cigar now and just sit back . I do n't want to work out every day now . ”
Moss and Owens each played for five teams in their careers as they often wore out their welcome with their inability to get along with teammates and coaches at times .
But at their best , there were few players ever able to strike fear in defenses as much as Moss and Owens , who were both all-decade selections for the 2000s .
“ The door knocked and I started getting excited , ” Moss said of Hall of Fame President David Baker alerting them they have been elected . “ All the emotions caught the best of me because it 's been a long journey and it ends in the Pro Football Hall of Fame . Tears of joy . ”
Moss burst on the scene as a rookie in Minnesota in 1998 when they caught a league-leading 17 TD catches and helped lead the Vikings to the NFC title game . Their combination of speed and athleticism made them the game 's most dangerous big-play threat and led to the phrase “ You got Mossed ” for embarrassed defensive backs .
They led the NFL in TD catches five times , including their record 23 for New England in 2007 , and earned four All-Pro selections . They finished their career with 982 catches for 15,292 yards and ranks second all-time with 156 TD receptions .
Owens , who did n't attend the announcement , entered the league as a third-round pick by San Francisco in 1996 but developed into a star known for some memorable playoff appearances , including their winning 25-yard TD catch to beat Green Bay in 1999 ; their 177 yards in a comeback win against the Giants in 2003 ; and their nine catches for 122 yards in the 2004 Super Bowl against New England just seven weeks after breaking their leg .
Owens ranks second to Jerry Rice with 15,934 yards receiving and is third on the all-time touchdowns receiving list with 153 .
Lewis is widely considered one of the greatest middle linebackers , winning two AP Defensive Player of the Year awards and earning eight All-Pro selections . They anchored a dominant defense for the 2000 Baltimore Ravens in a season that ended with them winning Super Bowl MVP , then retired as a champion after Baltimore closed their last season with a title win over San Francisco in February 2013 .
“ Growing up as a child , I know what that looked like , Mike Singletary , Dick Butkus , ” Lewis said . “ Who dreams of being in that category , sitting with those guys ? ”
Lewis joined tackle Jonathan Ogden as the only Ravens voted into the Hall of Fame as both of the team 's first-round picks in its initial season of 1996 received the high honor .
Lewis ' career was also marked by legal problems off the field . They pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of obstruction of justice after initially being charged with murder in connection with two killings following a Super Bowl party in Atlanta in January 2000 . Lewis was also fined $ 250,000 by the NFL .
Urlacher was n't far behind Lewis with their play on the field and is the latest in a line of great Chicago middle linebackers to make the Hall , joining Butkus , Singletary and Bill George . They were the Defensive Player of the Year of 2005 and joined Lewis on the 2000s all-decade team .
Dawkins spent most of their 16-year career in Philadelphia , earning five first-team All-Pro selections for their versatility that included 37 career interceptions and 26 career sacks . They became the first player in NFL history with a sack , interception , fumble recovery and touchdown catch in the same game against Houston in 2002 .
Kramer got passed over 10 times previously as a finalist before finally getting enough votes as a senior to become the 14th member of the Vince Lombardi Packers to make the Hall . Kramer helped anchor the Green Bay line for 11 seasons , winning six NFL titles and making the block that cleared the way for Bart Starr 's TD sneak in the “ Ice Bowl ” for the 1967 NFL championship .
Brazile was a finalist for the first time after a 10-year career for the Houston Oilers that included five straight All-Pro selections .
Beathard , also not on hand Saturday , helped build four Super Bowl champions in Miami and Washington and made seven trips to the title game during more than three decades as a personnel executive with a sharp eye for talent .
Five offensive linemen were among the 15 finalists , with tackle Joe Jacoby getting eliminated in voting that reduced the candidates to 10 , and tackle Tony Boselli , guards Alan Faneca and Steve Hutchinson , and center Kevin Mawae getting cut in the next round of voting .
Cornerback Ty Law also made it to the final 10 in their second time on the ballot . Defensive backs John Lynch and Everson Walls , receiver Isaac Bruce and running back Edgerrin James were the other candidates eliminated in the first cuts .
“ I 'm glad I did n't have to vote for this class , ” Urlacher said . “ It 's a great class . ”
Share this : Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Hunt Frame is owned and run by well-known local estate agents Paul Hunt and Mark Frame . Paul and Mark met while pupils at Cavendish School back in the 1980s
Paul and Mark met while pupils at Cavendish School back in the 1980s .
They bring with them over 50 years
combined experience of working in the local property market . Originally opened in 2004 , the business which is located in Cornfield Road has grown to become one of Eastbourne 's busiest estate agencies . Built on embracing technology , dealing with constant market changes and delivering excellent customer service makes them a natural choice for sellers and buyers alike and ensures many repeat customers and recommendations .
By popular demand , Paul and Mark now also operate a successful Lettings Department . Paul said : `` Growth within the rental sector has grown enormously over the last decade and our customers were keen to be able to rent their properties through us as well as buy or sell . We have a very experienced lettings manager , to ensure our landlords and tenants receive the same level of excellent service and communication as our sellers and buyers . ''
Whether you are buying , selling or renting , Hunt Frame 's team of experienced property professionals will offer you honest guidance and advice and keep you informed every step of the way . We at Hunt Frame pride ourselves upon providing the highest standards of customer service and achieving the best price for every property we rent and sell .
VOTE BY TEXT : Simply text , EBH followed by a space and the word BA along with the three digit voting code of the group you are voting for to 85100 ( eg EBH BA 001 ) .
Terms & Conditions : Voting by text costs £1.50 per vote plus your standard network rate . Do n't forget the spaces ! You can vote as often as you like before the text line closes at [ 15/07/18 23.59 ] . Entries received after the stated competition closing deadline will not be counted but you still may be charged . Open only to UK residents over 18 years . Bill payer 's permission must be obtained before entering . This is a Johnston Press competition . SMS service provided by BBA Digital Ltd KT18 5AD , Helpline 0333 3353351 . By entering , you are indicating that you are happy to receive offers from Johnston Press Plc . by SMS . Please add [ NOINFO ] at the end of your text entry if you do not wish to receive these . For full t & cs visit http : //www.johnstonpress.co.uk/competition .
Business Woman of the Year :
Rebecca Francis 001
Maria Lloyd 002
Gemma Creasey 003
Gemma Harding 004
Catherine Clifford 005
Kay Smith 006
Katy Jobbins 007
Sarra Hawes 008
Jane Lowe 009
Annabelle Fontaine 010
Lucy Long 011
Linda Edwards 012
Maria Paviour 013
Camille Pierson 014
Linda Smith 015
Rosie Cook 016
Melanie Richardson 017
Lily Ripley 018
Joanna Whippy 019
Fiona White 020
Ursula Downton 021
Joanne Chadwick Bell 022
Debbie Grant 023
Christine Smith and Cassandra Poland 024
The Innovation Award
Emma Hellier Salon 025
Maria Paviour Company Ltd 026
The Beauty Bar 027
Healthy Beauty Salon 028
Eastbourne Volunteers Network CIC 029
Chanctonbury Healthcare 030
Full Beam Productions 031
New Business/Start-up of the Year Award
Daisies 032
Francis Clinic 033
Oval Deene Ltd 034
Mrs Ovens 035
Enjoycation CIC 036
Eastbourne Dance Space 037
KoKo Aesthetics 038
The Dolls House Hair & Beauty Boutique 039
Little Chelsea Hair and Beauty 040
The Beauty Bar 027
The Wax And Thread Company 041
Healthy Beauty Salon 028
The Custom Café 042
Sarah Bennett Commercial Photography 043
Coffee and Carrott 044
Small Business ( up to 10 )
Francis Clinic 033
Masonbryant 045
Oval Deene Ltd 034
Off The Wall Entertainment Ltd 046
Russ Deacon Home Improvements Limited 047
The Dolls House Hair & Beauty Boutique 039
Maria Paviour Company Ltd 026
The Beauty Bar 027
The Float Spa 048
We Love Business 049
Beauty Ninjas 050
Medium Business ( 11-49 )
BC Beauty Training Ltd 051
Wilson Wilson and Hancock Ltd 052
Hawes Building Ltd 053
The Sussex Sign Company Limited 054
Magenta Associates 055
Essential Beauty Salon & Spa 056
Swindells Accounting 057
Large Business ( Over 50 )
Sunrise Senior Living Ltd 058
Lansdowne Hotel 059
Chanctonbury Healthcare 030
Drusillas Park 060
Rising Star of the Year Award
Marissa Freeman 061
Faith Garner 062
Nancy Walford 063
Paula O'sullivan 064
Claire Reed 065
Woman in Education
Infection Control Consultancy 066
BC Beauty Training Ltd 051
Enjoycation CIC 036
Eastbourne Salsa 067
Jeanette Williams & Stacey Beard - East Sussex Healthcare NHS Trust 068
Leanna Forse - Embrace East Sussex 069
Chanctonbury Healthcare 030
Tracey Peters - East Sussex Health Care NHS Trust 070
Woman in Uniform
Denise Harman - Barwells Solicitors 071
East Sussex Health Care NHS Trust 072
Nancy Walford -Sunrise Senior Living 063
Woman in Arts/Music/Dance Media
Jeannine Williamson 073
Eastbourne Dance Space 037
Eastbourne Salsa 067
Miss Kimmy 's School of Dance 074
Sarah Bennett Commercial Photography 043
Employer of the Year Award
Schofield Watch Company 075
Emma Hellier Salon 025
Hawes Building Ltd 053
Wilson Wilson and Hancock Ltd 052
We Love Business 049
East Sussex Healthcare NHS Trust 072
Contribution to the Community -
Lansdowne Hotel 059
Eastbourne Dance Space 037
Ivy House Day Centre 076
Friends ' Shops 077
Eastbourne Salsa 067
Miss Kimmy 's School of Dance 074
Eastbourne Volunteers Network CIC 029
Mentor of the Year Award
Katy Jobbins / The Permanent Makeup Training Academy 007
Kimberley Booker - Miss Kimmys School of Dance 078
Rosie Cook - Healthy Beauty Salon 016
Debbie Grant - Cut and Grill 029
Alex Russell - East Sussex Health Care NHS Trust 080
Samantha March - East Sussex Health Care NHS Trust 081
Lyn Leppard - East Sussex Health Care NHS Trust 082
Ann Gillard - The People Matter Trust 083
Woman of Courage
Victoria Mann 084
Zara O'Brien 085
Hayley Obrien 086
Annette Ackland 087
Lifetime Achievement Award
Helen Burton 088
Jill Parker MBE 089
Annette Ackland 087
Katy Jobbins 007
This segment is part of our winter Book Club conversation about Mary Shelley 's 1818 novel Frankenstein . Want to participate ? Sign up for our newsletter or call our special voicemail at 567-243-2456 .
After the Science Friday Book Club gets asked for homework help—and a voice mailbox flooded with one California classroom 's Frankenstein analyses—Ira talks to English teacher Chris Bach and their student , Tony Gonzalez , about the ways today 's 10th-graders are tackling technology , ethics , and modern life .
Ca n't get enough of these insightful student responses ? Check back next week for more , or sign up for our newsletter to get them delivered straight to your inbox . In the meantime , check out a few of the responses from students in Chris Bach 's class at New Technology High School .
[ Is Silicon Valley making its own Frankensteinian monsters ? ]
Want to get in on the SciFri Book Club conversation ? Here 's how to participate :
Grab a copy of the book and start reading ! Our drawing for a free copy of the novel has closed , but the story is free to the public online in a number of places . Check out Frankenbook.org , where the story is annotated by contemporary scientists and comes with several essays about its modern relevance . Still not sure if you want to jump in ? Start with this excerpt , in which the monster first confronts their creator . Sign up for our SciFri Book Club newsletter to stay updated on extra reading suggestions , discussion questions , and events related to the Book Club . Take part in our wrap-up discussion of the Book Club by calling in to the broadcast on Friday , February 9 . Discuss the book with Ira and our special guest readers , speculative fiction author Elizabeth Bear , and Hastings Center bioethicist Josephine Johnston . Ca n't wait to join the conversation ? Join the # SciFriBookClub discussion on Twitter , or leave us a voicemail ! We really want to hear from students : How does “ Frankenstein ” fit into the modern world and your modern life ? Give us a ring at 567-243-2456 . Your comments may be played on the air . Keep checking back here over the next couple weeks ! There 's more Frankenstein to come .
The Nashville Predators have not only built a powerhouse team in the Western Conference , they have done it in such a way under the salary cap that they not only have their core locked in for the foreseeable future , they still have enough salary cap space to add players like Kyle Turris and Nick Bonino on long-term deals .
Those additions have helped make an already strong team one of the absolute best in the NHL , and they only seem to be getting better .
They not only enter the week with one of the best records in the league , they are starting to look better than the team that was in the Stanley Cup Final just a few months ago .
Entering play on Monday the Predators 13-2-2 in their past 17 games .
Since acquiring Turris in that blockbuster three-team trade with the Colorado Avalanche and Ottawa Senators they are 10-2-2 while Turris themselves has already recorded 13 points .
What is perhaps scariest about this team for the rest of the Western Conference is they have not really been fully healthy yet this season . Ryan Ellis , a key part of their defense , which is the backbone of their team , has yet to play this season . Bonino missed a significant chunk of the season and they are currently dealing with injuries to Johansen and Scott Hartnell . When totally healthy this team is going to be an abslute nightmare matchup for just about any team in the NHL with that defense and newfound center depth .
Their current run has them fourth in our power rankings .
Here is a look at where everybody else fits in .
The Elites
1 . Tampa Bay Lightning — They still have the NHL 's top two scorers , the NHL 's best goal differential , and the NHL 's best points percentage . Kind of hard to put anybody else on top of the league at this point , right ?
2 . St. Louis Blues — Losing Jaden Schwartz is just another injury added to the list this season for the Blues , but they keep finding ways to power through and keep winning . It helps that Brayden Schenn is on their way to a career year offensively .
3 . Los Angeles Kings — They had a rough stretch where they lost seven out of eight games , but then they followed it up by winning eight in a row . They are once again at the top of the NHL 's goals against leaderboard and have started to find some offense . Anze Kopitar is making a very strong early season MVP case for himself . They are third in the league in scoring , playing a ton of minutes , and dominating in all three zones the way they did when they were the focal point of a two-time Stanley Cup winning team .
4 . Nashville Predators — The roster is not only better than the one that went to the Stanley Cup Final , they also just simply look like a better team , too .
The Rest Of The Best
5 . Vegas Golden Knights — They . Wo n't . Stop . Winning . And now they are getting Marc-Andre Fleury back , the player that was supposed to be the cornerstone of their inaugural season . Quite a story that is developing here .
6 . Columbus Blue Jackets — Imagine how good they can be when Cam Atkinson , a healthy scratch over the weekend , starts scoring goals again .
7 . Toronto Maple Leafs — It 's not just that the Maple Leafs have a superstar like Auston Matthews at the top of their lineup that makes them so dangerous and exciting offensively . It is the fact their lineup is just incredibly deep overall . Every line is capable of scoring goals on any given shift .
8 . Washington Capitals — With wins in eight of their past 10 games , while also averaging 3.6 goals per game during that stretch , they are climbing the standings and starting to look like the Capitals again .
9 . New York Rangers — As I said two weeks ago , winning just one of their first eight games put them in a hole that will be tough to climb out of in the standings . They are doing their best to make sure they do , in fact , climb out of it . They are 13-4-0 in their past 17 games .
10 . Winnipeg Jets — They have cooled off a bit recently , but let 's not panic just yet . That offense is still great .
Stuck In The Middle
11 . New Jersey Devils — A little bit of a fall from where they were two weeks ago , but the young talent on this team is still worth watching and giving Devils fans a lot of reason to believe , both for this season and the future .
12 . Boston Bruins — With wins in eight of their past 10 games the Bruins are really starting to put it together . David Pastrnak is becoming a star and looking to improve on their 34-goal , 70-point performance from a season ago .
13 . New York Islanders — After scoring 34 goals a season ago Anders Lee is doing everything they can to show it was no fluke . With 17 goals in their first 34 games entering the week they are now on pace for 41 goals this season .
14 . San Jose Sharks — If you like goals , their games are not the games to watch . To enter the week 26th in the league in goals scored and second in the league in goals against .
15 . Calgary Flames — Johnny Gaudreau ‘ s brilliance has kind of overshadowed the fact that Sean Monahan is having a career year offensively ( he has five more goals than Gaudreau ) and is also starting to post dominant possession numbers .
The Mystery Teams : Are They Good Or Not ?
16 . Minnesota Wild — Are they good or not is a question that we seem to be able to ask about the Minnesota Wild every season .
17 . Chicago Blackhawks — An aging team that is pretty dependent on its goaltender at this point . Sometimes they look great . Sometimes they do n't . Is this the new normal for the Blackhawks ?
18 . Dallas Stars — After what was a mostly up-and-down 2016-17 season John Klingberg looks like they have back to being one of the NHL 's most dynamic and dominant defensemen .
19 . Pittsburgh Penguins — On any given night they can look like the team that has won back-to-back Stanley Cups . They can also look like a team that has no idea what it is doing .
20 . Vancouver Canucks — Whether the Canucks maintain their early season success and actually make the playoffs is secondary to the fact the two best players on this team are under the age of 23 and look to be like legitimate building blocks .
21 . Montreal Canadiens — The ultimate “ are they good or not ? ” team this season . One night they are winning 10-1 . Another night they are getting routed by the Oilers . Who knows what team is showing up when the puck drops .
22 . Carolina Hurricanes — They are once again breaking hockey math .
23 . Philadelphia Flyers — They snapped their 10-game losing streak by rolling through Western Canada , beating the Flames , Oilers and Canucks by a combined score of 13-5 . Jakub Voracek is very quietly putting together a dominant season offensively , at least as far as their playmaking is concerned .
24 . Anaheim Ducks — Adam Henrique has been pretty outstanding since coming over in the big trade with the New Jersey Devils . Given their injury situation down the middle it has been a much-needed addition .
25 . Florida Panthers –– Losing Roberto Luongo could be a devastating blow to a team that really can not afford one . They have been spectacular when in the lineup while their backups have been … well … anything but spectacular .
The Basement
26 . Colorado Avalanche — They overachieved for a while at the start of the year but with losses in 10 of their past 15 games they are starting to become the Avalanche again .
27 . Edmonton Oilers — The deeper we get into the season the more likely it seems they are going to miss the playoffs and waste one of Connor McDavid ‘ s prime years . That remains astonishing .
28 . Detroit Red Wings — In the past week they 've lost games by scores of 10-1 and 6-1 . They 've also lost seven out of eight overall and are quickly falling down the standings . There just is not a lot to be excited about here .
29 . Ottawa Senators — Not only is the team on the ice losing games with regularity , Erik Karlsson ‘ s future with the team has never been more in doubt . Other than that everything is great .
30 . Arizona Coyotes — The travel schedule has not been kind to them . The good news ? Ten of their next 12 games are at home . The bad news ? Three of those first four games are against the Washington Capitals , Tampa Bay Lightning , and the Pittsburgh Penguins .
31 . Buffalo Sabres — The Sabres had a stretch where they were shutout three games in a row and were about 10 minutes away from a fourth . Since November 1 they have played 18 games . They have scored more than one goal in only nine of them .
CTV Calgary Staff
Officials are investigating after two instructors with Mount Royal University 's Aviation Program were killed when their plane went down northwest of Cochrane on Monday afternoon .
The plane took off at 4:00 p.m. and the pilot was supposed to check in every five minutes but 16 minutes went by without any transmission .
The twin-engine TECNAM P2006T was reported missing just after 5:00 p.m. and Canadian Air Force officials confirmed it crashed just before 6:00 p.m .
A number of agencies were called in to assist in the search and rescue operation including a Hercules aircraft and a Griffon helicopter from the Canadian military , STARS , EMS and RCMP .
The wreckage of the plane was found 45 km northwest of Cochrane , near Highway 40 , in the Waiparous area .
Mount Royal University President David Docherty says they have been in touch with the families of the deceased and can confirm that one of the instructors was Jeff Bird .
“ This is someone who spent ten years in the military , they were an instructor in the air force and was a fully , qualified class-3 instructor and they brought that wealth of experience and their love of teaching to Mount Royal , ” said Docherty at a news conference on Tuesday afternoon . “ It 's been very difficult , in terms of the flight instructors . They 've lost colleagues . This is the passion they love , is to teach young people how to fly , and so it 's been difficult . ”
The family of the second pilot , instructor Reyn Johnson , released photos of them on Tuesday night . They were an experienced pilot , logging over 20,000 flight hours in over 15 different airplanes in their career .
Officials say it was a routine training flight from Springbank Airport and that it is not unusual for two instructors to fly together .
“ It 's not unusual . They were in an area that 's a normal path for instruction to take place and it 's not uncommon for two instructors to be up in a plane together . Our planes are in the air 364 days a year , ” said Docherty . “ Mount Royal purchased those planes , I think , approximately four years , I could n't give you the exact date , but they 're relatively recent planes to our fleet . ”
Administrators say they are offering support to students and are making counselling services available to those who need them .
“ We do thank the first responders who assisted last night and we are grateful for their service . We have reached out to the families and we are providing support to students , faculty , staff and the aviation program and I 'd like to thank our own counsellors , counsellors from SAIT , University of Calgary , who 've reached out to support our students , ” said Docherty .
Docherty says the school will be working with authorities to determine what happened .
“ In terms of investigating , we 'll be working with Transport Canada , who is in charge of investigating the accident and the cause of the accident and we 'll be assisting them in every way possible . ”
“ We deployed this morning from Edmonton out to the site and we 're in our process right now , is very early , obviously , in the investigation . We 're gathering all the evidence that we can at the site cause that 's perishable . We 'll be here today , most of the day , and we 'll probably be back tomorrow when the aircraft 's removed in case there 's any evidence underneath the aircraft that 's important to us , ” said Fred Burow , senior investigator with the TSB .
Burow says they are looking at all aspects related to the crash and that the investigation will likely take a while to complete .
“ We look at the human interaction with the crew , we look at the machine and we look at the environment . So we 're gathering all that data , radar data that we have , weather data and information on the pilots , on the aircraft and its maintenance , things like that , ” said Burow . “ At this point all I know is that the aircraft did come down over the trees and down this embankment and rest at the bottom of the embankment over here , where it came to rest and there was a post-crash fire in the aircraft . ”
Luc Sinal the President of MRU 's Aviation Student Executive spoke on behalf of their classmates about the deaths of two of the program 's instructors .
“ When we found out about what happened , myself and about 40 of my friends spent the night at residence , crammed into a residence room until two in the morning talking about our favourite memories from these two extraordinary flight instructors , ” they said . “ On behalf of the class , I 'd like to offer my deepest condolences to the families of these two excellent flight instructors . ”
Sinal says that the students are close to the instructors and that they found out about the crash together in an email .
“ Extremely close , there are about 60 of us students between both years , split between approximately 12 flight instructors . The time we spend with these instructors is usually on a one-on-one basis so we get to know them extremely well and on an extremely personal level . Not only during the lesson and on the flight but also around the hanger and around the campus , we see them and they become like family to us , ” said Sinal . “ For me and I 'm sure for a few of my classmates , it was the passion for aviation and the love of flying that brought us towards this program and these instructors only helped bring that passion out and help us discover the love of flying we had . ”
Mount Royal University officials say the school has eight planes in total ; five , single-engine Cessna 172s and three , twin-engine TECNAMs .
Officials say this is the first time an event has resulted in a fatality and that they have grounded the entire fleet .
“ We 're grounding the fleet temporarily and we 'll be working with Transport Canada to make sure that we 're not putting any plane in the air . We do n't know the cause . It 's too early to make any definitive , but the planes are on the ground right now , ” said Docherty .
The school says it is a difficult time for students and staff and that it will work with the families of the instructors in the coming days to make sure the students have an opportunity to honour the pair .
The aviation program at MRU has about 15 faculty and staff and there are currently 56 students enrolled .
Mount Royal University has posted more information on the crash on its website HERE .
A BRITISH football fan has been fined by Russian authorities for writing “ England ” on a monument of a revered Soviet-era player at the World Cup .
The supporter responsible for vandalising the statue of Fyodor Cherenkov , a legendary Spartak Moscow midfielder under the USSR , was arrested on Tuesday night .
On the statue , the fan scrawled “ England ” in bright red on the chest of Cherenkov , who died in 2015 aged 55 after making a record number of appearances for Spartak .
Russian police detained the fan , who was in Moscow to watch England play Colombia in the last-16 of the World Cup .
Photos showing the the defaced statue and claims the culprit had got away circulated on social media ahead of the game at the Spartak Stadium .
The supporter , named as 20-year-old Rufus Hall by Russian media , was taken into custody after England 's dramatic win 4-3 penalty shoot out win over Colombia .
GETTY/TWITTER SELEMENEVE7 DEFACED : The England fan was fined for writing on a statue of Fyodor Cherenkov
They today apologised to Spartak and their fans before they were hauled before a court . “ I 'm so sorry , I feel embarrassed , ” they said in a video , wearing a Three Lions top . `` I 've loved this country for the two days I 've been here . Your people have been welcoming , so I would never disrespect this country . `` I respect the history , and had I known this would offend people I would never have done it , and I wholly apologise . ''
The young man who arrived in Russia from England has apologised to police officers for vandalizing the statue of Fyodor Cherenkov , '' a Moscow police source told Russian news agency TASS .
Hall then admitted their guilt in court and was slapped with a 3,000-ruble ( £35 ) for their offence .
`` Rufus Edward Hall was present at the court hearing , admitted their guilt and apologised to Russia , '' a court spokesperson said .
TWITTER MEA CULPA : Hall apologised to Russia in a video
“ Hall admitted their guilt and apologised to Russia ” Russia court spokesperson Cherenkov , who played for Spartak between 1977 and 1994 , is widely seen as the team 's best player ever .
As the photo of the desecrated statue spread online , Russians responded angrily on social media .
One called on Russians to “ beat him ” while another sinisterly said “ we are waiting ” .
But Russian politicians and the media called for calm and warned against making “ a mountain out of a molehill ” .
MOSCOW 24 VANDALISM : The England fan was arrested after the last-16 clash in Moscow
Russian MP Igor Lebedev said : `` This is not some political act , it 's just the doing of a hooligan , which every country has .
“ England fans are not the most disciplined in the world , but at the same time we have had no special problems with them here .
“ Perhaps for every fan of Soviet football , a monument to an outstanding footballer has been desecrated , but it is just an act of hooliganism .
World Cup 2018 : England fans go WILD as England beat Colombia England fans go wild after beating Colombia in a tense penalty shootout 1 / 60 The Three Lions flag is triumpahntly held aloft following England 's latest World Cup win
Rep. Don Schroeder from Hesston addresses the gathering of about 25 people who came to the annual coffee .
State budget shortfalls , expand­ing Medicaid and potential cuts to schools were among the themes that surfaced during the annual Cham­ber of Commerce coffee with Rep. Don Schroeder Saturday at Hillsboro City Hall .
Schroeder represents District 74 in the Kansas House , which includes much of the southern half of Marion County , including Hillsboro .
Noting the looming budget gap of $ 340 million for the 2017 budget year , Schroeder matching revenue and expenditures will be even more challenging for the following year .
Schroeder said fellow lawmakers are looking at borrowing from the state 's unclaimed property fund to use it as collateral for a loan to fill budget gap of about $ 340 million for 2017 .
Schroeder said they were not a fan of that idea .
“ Borrowing for a longer term for one-use spending is not good fiscal policy at all , ” they said . “ But our backs are up against the wall and what else are we going to do ? That 's the tough question that we face . ”
Schroeder said they expected the Legislature to restore as least some of the taxes that Gov . Sam Brown­back eliminated for some 300,000 limited-liability corporations acrosss the state .
One participant offered that the governor should have never cut those taxes in the first place .
“ That is true , ” Schroeder said . “ That happened in 2012 , and I tell people I did n't vote for that because it was way too much and way too fast . It was n't going to work , and I think history has shown that to be true . ”
They added that prior to the governor 's tax cut , the state was in decent shop in regard to balancing revenue with expenditures . Schroeder characterized the governor 's decision as “ a political ploy . ”
Another issue of contention in Topeka is expanding Medicaid , a topic that has spawned “ hours and hours of testimony ” in Topeka regarding the pros and cons .
Schroeder said rural hospitals are really struggling because the state chose not to expand the Medicaid program .
“ It 's all part of the Afford­able Care Act , ” Schroeder said . “ Some want to expand the program for political reasons , others want it done to help rural hospitals—and the whole thing is that Con­gress is talking from repealing and replacing it .
“ Should we make a decision before we know what Washington , D.C. will do ? ”
One participant said what bothers them the most about not expanding Medicaid is that their taxes are going to Washington , D.C. , and none of it comes back to help Kansans because state leaders refused to participate .
Max Heinrichs , USD 410 superintendent , said an initiative to unify the insurance plan for school districts might work for some districts , but in USD 410 such a move would essentially reduce staff salaries because 410 has a better plan than what the state is considering .
Heinrichs also asked about the next school-funding formula .
Schroeder said the block grant initiative that covered the past two years will not be revived . They said a legislator has been assigned to draft a funding plan , but it remains to be seen how it will be structured .
Heinrichs said the almost annual state funding cuts are having a negative effect on student performance .
“ We are still good against the national average , but we are sliding , ” they said .
Documentary to premiere at Tribeca on April 22 .
Gravitas Ventures has taken North American theatrical and streaming rights and CNN Films has acquired North American broadcast rights to The Reagan Show .
Pacho Velez and Sierra Pettengill co-directed the documentary from a script by Velez , Josh Alexander and Francisco Bello .
The Reagan Show will premiere in documentary competition at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 22 and is presented entirely through archival footage .
The film chronicles the 40th US President Ronald Reagan 's previously unprecedented use of film crews and photographers to document the office of the president .
The Reagan Show will open theatrically on June 30 , with VOD and home video release set for July 4 . The broadcast premiere on CNN will follow the North American theatrical and video release .
“ These tapes allow us to track Reagan through the end of the Cold War – with all its confusion , fear , humor and , above all , irony , ” said Pettengill .
“ The goal of our immersive , self-reflective approach is to invite viewers to look closely at – and question – the use of narrative in contemporary politics . We 're excited to have the opportunity to bring this very timely film to wider audiences through the great people at Gravitas and CNN . ”
“ In The Reagan Show , these talented filmmakers present a fascinating look at what set Reagan apart and made their time in office iconic , no matter which side of the fence you fall on , ” Gravitas CEO and founder Nolan Gallagher said . “ He knew better than most what the true power of the press is . ”
Pettengill also served as producer , while Dan Cogan and Amy Entelis of CNN Films and Houston King are executive producers .
Gallagher negotiated the acquisition with Ben Braun and Josh Braun of Submarine on behalf of the filmmakers .
Cazenovia district hires interim high school principal , dean of students
Peter Ciarelli and Maureen Carroll filling high school leadership positions for remainder of school year
At a special Cazenovia Board of Education meeting on March 12 , Peter Ciarelli was approved as the high school 's new interim principal and Maureen Carroll as interim high school dean of students for the remaining months of the 2017-18 school year .
Ciarelli had been serving the district as director of curriculum and instruction since the departure of Dr. Terry Ward earlier this school year . Carroll will be serving as a “ teacher on special assignment ” filling the role of dean of students in the high school . A long-term substitute physical education teacher will take Carroll 's place at Burton Street Elementary School during this time .
“ We are very fortunate to be able to place both Peter Ciarelli and Maureen Carroll into these two important leadership positions for the District , ” said Superintendent Matt Reilly . “ Mr . Ciarelli and Mrs. Carroll bring a wealth of experience and expertise to the building , and have served together in years past on committees , productions of the school musical and as department leaders , and should make a great team in the high school for the remainder of 2017-18 . ”
Reilly said that once a permanent principal is hired and appointed for the 2018-19 school year , Carroll will return to their teaching position in the elementary school and the superintendent and the new principal will begin the process of hiring a new assistant principal for the high school .
“ We appreciate Mrs. Carroll and their willingness to be of such assistance to our overall school programming during this time of unusual administrative turnover . Mrs. Carroll is a certified New York state administrator having completed a Certificate of Advanced Studies , which helps make this decision easier , ” Reilly said .
Ciarelli replaces Dave Cecile , who had served the high school as interim principal since January . Cecile , a retired administrator , was not available to finish the entire school year and Ciarelli makes the transition into the principal position as the district has just hired a new director of curriculum and instruction .
Ben New was appointed by the school board as the school 's director of curriculum and instruction at a special Board of Education meeting on March 8 . New is scheduled to begin their career at Cazenovia CSD as soon as their notice period is served at Morrisville-Eaton .
Share this : Email
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Related
Comment on this Story
A Calgary man says they acted instinctively when they heard Alexis Mellross screaming for help at a fiery car crash on Crowchild Trail early Monday .
“ I saw the flames of the car , I could feel the heat when I went and in that moment , I just grabbed the girl out of the car and made sure they were safe , ” Christian Prado told Global News on Friday .
Pardo was driving to their snow-clearing job when the scene unfolded in front of him .
Mellross was a passenger trapped in the burning vehicle . The driver was also trapped and died at the scene .
“ We are finding it very difficult to talk about this at the moment beyond a general statement that Alexis is going to make a full recovery , ” Mellross ' family said in a statement . “ We think it a miracle that Mr. Prado was even in the area to witness the scene . They are a most extraordinarily brave man and we owe our daughter 's life to him .
“ There are not enough words to express the depth of our gratitude for what they did for Alexis . They are a truly remarkable person .
READ MORE : Fatal accident closes Trans-Canada Highway between Golden and Revelstoke
Prado admitted he 's humbled by the words
“ I heard someone screaming for help . My reaction was help anyway , anyhow . ”
Calgary police said a car caught fire after veering off the road at Crowchild Trail and Glenmore Trail just before 2 a.m. on Monday .
READ MORE : Calgary police shut down a portion of Deerfoot Trail due to a number of incidents
Police said the car mounted a barrier and continued along it for more than 50 metres before going over the barrier and onto a grassy slope leading to the Lakeview community , continuing to slide as it caught fire .
The driver was not able to get out before the car became engulfed in flames .
Police said speed and alcohol played a role in the crash .
Young was joining Marcus Rashford , Juan Mata and Axel Tuanzebe for an Uber ride as part of Channel 4 's “ Where To , Britain ? ” series when the four were asked who was the prankster at United .
The England international admitted it was them before revealing their all-time best practical joke on Kagawa , who they played alongside between 2012-2014 .
“ There was one prank that me and Darren Fletcher did to Shinji Kagawa , ” they said .
“ He brought in these nice shoes with really nice laces .
“ We cut the laces out and we cut the soles out as well .
Dr Kafeel Ahmad , the head of the pediatrics department and the encephalitis ward at BRD Medical College Hospital in Gorakhpur , was sacked from their post of nodal officer on Sunday , two days after they saved the lives of as many kids as possible with their quick thinking and by using their own money.Dr Bhupendra Sharma has been appointed as new nodal officer for the department of pediatrics at Baba Raghav Das Medical College , ANI reported . The government , however , has not yet given any reasons for the sacking of Ahmad.Ahmad is the second person from the administration to face action for the death of 63 kids in the last five days , allegedly due to the lack of oxygen . The government had on Saturday suspended the principal of the BRD medical college , Dr Rajeev Mishra . Mishra , however , claimed they had already resigned on moral grounds.Dr PK Singh , principal of Rajkiya Medical College in Ambedkar Nagar , has been given additional charge of BRD Medical College.If not for Ahmad , the death toll at the hospital would have been much higher . On the intervening night of August 10 and 11 , when all hell broke loose in ward number 100 of the Gorakhpur hospital due to alleged oxygen shortage , Ahmad had taken it upon themselves to save as many children as they could.At 2am on that fateful night , they received a call from the staff of the encephalitis ward , that the oxygen supply will run dry within an hour . Knowing that continuous oxygen supply is essential for encephalitis patients , Ahmad immediately rushed to a friend 's nursing home and borrowed three jumbo oxygen cylinders.He loaded them in their private vehicle and reached the BRD hospital by 3am . However , these new cylinders lasted only 20-30 minutes . They took charge and roped in all junior doctors to continue pumping oxygen with Ambu bags ( small pumps used manually to aid breathing ) .While repeated calls to the hospital 's oxygen supplier — who has alleged non-payment of bills — failed to restore supply , the paediatrician again went out to look for more oxygen cylinders.Later , they managed to gather 12 more cylinders and ferried them to the hospital in their car . When finally a supplier agreed to provide oxygen if paid in cash , they sent a staff member to withdraw Rs 10,000 from their bank account to pay them . Meanwhile , junior doctors and Ahmad 's team continued to help the dying children with Ambu bags .
LONDON , Feb 2 ( Reuters ) - AstraZeneca expects to increase drug sales at a low single-digit percentage rate this year as new medicines win market share and the company puts patent losses behind it , although the need to invest in launches will weigh on profit .
Product sales fell 5 percent in 2017 , the company said on Friday .
Fourth-quarter profits were boosted by one-off tax gains with core earnings per share ( EPS ) , which exclude some items , up 7 percent to $ 1.30 cents on revenue of $ 5.78 billion .
Analysts , on average , had forecast earnings of 84 cents on revenue of $ 5.46 billion , Thomson Reuters data showed .
For 2018 , AstraZeneca expects core EPS of $ 3.30 to $ 3.50 . ( Reporting by Ben Hirschler ; editing by Jason Neely )
Last week , the Donald Trump press secretary , foolishly stepped into an `` embarrassment slop '' by claiming that even the former German dictator did not use gas on its own people . After entering the “ oh , no zone ” , they suddenly tried to correct themselves by claiming that Adolph Hitler and Assad did not use poisonous gas `` in the same way '' against their own people . They stepped into the mud even deeper by remarkably and nervously calling the infamous concentration camps , “ Holocaust Centers ” .
Sean Spicer is not the only one who has gotten toasted for making a reference to Hitler with another historical figure .
Thankfully , while they later apologized profusely for their absurd comments , perhaps the biggest mistake for them was their failure to follow history .
After all , one of the most virulent discussions coming out of this year 's elections was the debates over the parallels , if any , between the rise of Donald Trump and the rise of Adolph Hitler and Nazism .
In fact , I 'm guilty of so engaging in such deliberations .
During the early months of the US presidential election , I began to note frightening similarities between the Weimer Republican of 1933 and America of 2016 . Likewise , I saw interesting parallels between Hitler 's and Trump 's personalities and their respective advances to power .
When I first made references to the possible association , a staunch Trump supporter reminded me on Facebook the corollary to Godwin 's Law Internet adage , that goes , “ that once such a comparison is made , the thread is finished and whoever mentioned Hitler has automatically lost whatever debate was in progress ” .
Spicer 's mistake was not that they forgot Godwin but that their statement was so insensitive and comical due to the comparisons and their descriptions , that any lesson to be learned was obscured by the awkwardness involved .
Still , outright shelving any and all connections between the past presidential election and the rise of the ascendance of the worst villain in history is froth with failures . My overall references then -- were and are still now -- to compare the environments of the two nations as both men rose up the ranks of power . Of course , there are striking and obvious differences , but it is hard to deny some similarities too .
Apparently , I was not alone in expressing concerns . Throughout the election , it was difficult to spend any time on social media without colliding into one of the Trump-Hitler debates .
We can argue whether any of the associations between the current world leader to the past world dictator deserves merit . However , there is an underlying warning that should not be lost or clouded by the analogies -- that is , the familiar George Santayana siren cry , `` Those who can not learn from history are doomed to repeat it ” .
One of those who is in the business of teaching the lessons of history is Yale Professor and author Timothy Snyder , who has written a book called “ On Tyranny ” -Twenty Lessons from the Twentieth Century .
An overview of the book , as presented on their website , notes :
“ The Founding Fathers tried to protect us from the threat they knew , the tyranny that overcame ancient democracy . Today , our political order faces new threats , not unlike the totalitarianism of the twentieth century . We are no wiser than the Europeans who saw democracy yield to fascism , Nazism , or communism . Our one advantage is that we might learn from their experience . ”
Earlier today , I learned about historian Dr. Snyder in viewing a short Youtube video that caught my eye due to the title Yale professor : Why it 's useful to compare Trump to Hitler . In the video promo , Snyder touches upon the recent tug-of-war contest surrounding Trump to Hitler ( which presumably could equally apply to attempts to tie President Obama to the German dictator or the likes of Stalin or Mao , as some have tried to do ) . That message is important . In the video , they notes
“ …One of the reasons we are lazy about history is , as soon as anyone suggests that the past might be useful then we say but “ wait it 's not exactly the same -- and therefore i 'm just going to discard it ” and that way in two or three seconds we give ourselves an excuse not to think about history . The premise of the book on tyranny is not that Hitler is just like Trump or that Trump is just like Hitler . The premise is that Democratic Republic 's usually fail and it 's useful for us to see how they fail . One of the ways that Democratic Republic 's can fail is Germany in 1933 . There are plenty of other examples in the book also from the left wing by Czechoslovakia in 1948 becoming communist . The point of the book is that these things really happened over and over again and that intelligent people no less intelligent than us experienced them and left a record for us to learn from . So what I 'm trying to do in the book is to help us to learn from that record so we do n't have events like Germany 1933 or Czechoslovakia in 1948 . Just saying Hitler 's not like Trump or Trump is not like Hitler is n't going to save us . Learning from the past , though , could . ”
I believe , it is hard to disagree .
I do understand that many Trump supporters might believe when others put Hitler and Trump in the same paragraph , the intent is to fearmonger and Trump-bash . in today 's political environment , it is hard not to accept ill-motives for making such a case . Yet , placing the two side by side also can be of great value , not only in observing likeliness but the finding the many obvious differences .
History , of any type , whether personal or global , offers us a front row seat to our collective successes and mistakes . It would be a mistake for any of us to turn our eyes simply because we might not like to be blinded by any insights or outcomes that could come to light .
It would equally be of error to tag two historical men , facts or events for the primary purpose of being hurtful or for partisan purposes
The lesson for all of us to learn just might be deciphering the accuracies in comparisons as well as the intent of those drawing upon historical assessments .
North Korean former spy chief Kim Yong Chol has arrived in the US where they are expected to meet with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo ahead of a much-anticipated planned US-North Korea summit .
Kim Jong-un 's right hand man touched down on Wednesday in New York City where they were set to have dinner with the US top diplomat , followed by further meetings on Thursday .
The 72-year-old is known as one of the most powerful people within North Korea . They played a central role in a recent summit between Kim Jong-un and their South Korean counterpart Moon Jae-in .
The meeting comes ahead of a highly-anticipated summit , scheduled for June 12 in Singapore , between Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un .
Last Thursday , Trump cancelled the historic summit with a letter , citing “ anger and open hostility ” on the part of Pyongyang . But a day later , they said the meeting might still go ahead .
On Tuesday , Trump tweeted that Kim 's trip to the US was a “ solid response ” to their letter .
We have put a great team together for our talks with North Korea . Meetings are currently taking place concerning Summit , and more . Kim Young Chol , the Vice Chairman of North Korea , heading now to New York . Solid response to my letter , thank you ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) May 29 , 2018
White House spokesperson Sarah Sanders told reporters on Wednesday “ we are preparing and expect [ the summit ] to take place on June 12 ” .
Al Jazeera correspondent James Bays in New York City said there is still a “ substantial gap ” between US and North Korean positions on the issue of denuclearisation .
“ That 's one of the main sticking point that 's going to have to be worked out when Pompeo comes here in New York , ” Bays said .
Flurry of diplomacy
Kim 's trip is part of a flurry of diplomacy before the on-again , off-again summit .
On Sunday , US negotiators , headed by Washington 's ambassador to the Philippines Sung Kim , began meeting North Korean counterparts in the truce village of Panmunjom in the demilitarised zone ( DMZ ) that divides the two Koreas . A team of US officials was also in Singapore for preparations .
Meanwhile , it was announced on Wednesday that Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov would travel to North Korea for talks on Thursday .
Lavrov would meet their North Korean counterpart Ri Yong-ho to discuss “ the situation around the Korean Peninsula and other key international and regional issues ” , a statement issued by the Russian Foreign Ministry said .
Ri had invited Lavrov to visit Pyongyang during their visit to Moscow in April .
“ I received an invitation and was glad to accept it . It will be useful for me to understand our North Korean neighbours ' attitude to all the issues , ” Lavrov was quoted as saying by Russian news agency TASS .
Toronto is still reeling from the shocking van attack on Yonge St. that left 10 people dead on Monday .
At least 15 people remain in hospital — some with critical injuries .
Accused killer Alek Minassian , 25 , has now been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder .
They made a brief court appearance Tuesday at the Finch Ave. courthouse .
Justice of the peace Stephen Waisberg ordered them remanded in custody until they make another appearance by video on May 10 .
They were ordered not to contact the 13 survivors of the attack .
Minassian 's father , Vahe Minassian , was in court to support their troubled son and escorted by officers out of the building .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses !
Email check failed , please try again
Sorry , your blog can not share posts by email .
Kenneth Rogoff 's latest book “ The Curse of Cash ” could not have been timelier in the India context ; as the 50 day limit of De Mo ends and the slithering lines before ATMs show no signs of abating . The tingling interest for all was the balance in banking accounts . Unfortunately , the balance sheet is shrouded in secrecy ; it 's anybody 's guess , how much has been deposited and what would be the amount that would be junked . That would be proof of the pudding of this huge surgical strike by a government . Possibly as a diversionary tactic , the Prime Minister has unveiled a mini package of pre-budget goodies .
There is a saying ; good accounting is sine-qua-non of sound accountability in a liberal democracy . The Enron scam and Satyam scandal are still vivid in our memory . The bluff and bluster about demonetization will not take away the major charges that it has inconvenienced a large number of wage earners , both in the rural and urban landscape , very adversely and dipped industrial and agricultural activities significantly . The real beneficiaries have been financial providers like Paytm , who are having a ball . In this backdrop , for Mr. Arun Jaitley , to say , that there has been no riot anywhere is palpably insensitive . History is record to many such false complacency , where despotism has led to regime change !
Rogoff writes how most economists seem content to let paper currency ride quietly in to the sunset and foolishly contend that it does not matter . Delving deep in to data they bring out how in US and Europe around 80 percent of currency supply in large denomination notes circulates in underground economy , helping to facilitate tax evasion , crime , and corruption on a large scale . Tax evasion through ingenious methods accounts for around 3 percent of GDP of the United States . They make a strong case for scrapping high denomination 100 dollar notes in US and have only small currency notes , with the rest being digitally handled in manifold forms like Cheques , credit/debit cards , ATMs . But they are no evangelist for digital and the book raises two interesting debates viz . to supplant existing currency system with Bitcoins and the legitimate concerns regarding right to privacy .
The libertarians hold the view that new web based transaction technology can free people from the tyranny of government currency and regulations . Rogoff brings out how the crypto currencies involve significantly low transaction cost compared to wire services where it can involve 10 percent of amount transmitted . However , experience brings out how the value of Bitcoin varies wildly . Besides their privacy features allow dodgy retail merchants to operate stealthily or facilitate underworld marketplaces such as Silk Road . At the end of the day no government can tolerate financial transactions that protect anonymity of criminals and terrorists . There is a need to design a regulatory regime for crypto currencies .
The issue of right to privacy is another important facet that Kenneth adroitly handles . The Snowden paper clearly brings out the eavesdropping capability where it can monitor cell phones , emails . Security cameras are everywhere . There is a huge battle over privacy across the technology spectrum about conditions under which private companies can be forced to share their data base for criminal activities . Nevertheless there can be little doubt that government must have the authority to prevent alternative transaction media from infiltrating in to legal economy on a sustained basis .
Prof. Prabhat Patnaik in an impassioned argument has questioned the move towards cashless economy as a transgression of an individual 's right to privacy : how they manage their assets and in what form . Rogoff 's book is powerful rejoinder how such Utopic notions do not sit easily on the prevailing environment where terrorist funding is a stark reality . Right to privacy is not absolute , as we would like to pervade but a reasonable restriction on activities which are patently illegal , corrupt and criminal activities . Sadly , the demonetization had a subterranean political script to it : how to deprive political contenders from the benefit of high denomination cash in ensuing elections . Its tectonic impact has however been on a large number of ordinary people for whom elections are a five year interregnum for high decibel rhetoric like digital India .
Rogoff does not have many economists on theirs when they advocate demonetization of high currency notes . And is understandably upbeat that . ECB has plans to discontinue 500 Euro notes .
They also counsel caution that such a process should not be hustled as was done by countries post WWII , with bad consequences . The book has a fascinating account of how the Swedes have installed card reading machines in many churches so that the donation can be made by card . It 's an innovation which is worth emulating trying in all our religious places to establish our secular credentials . The political parties should also agree on digital payment of corporate funding of elections and bring up a suitable legislation instead of parrying directive of Chief Information Commission to reveal their source of funding . The political parties must make a beginning on transparency in monetary transaction before needling the hapless with a draconian De Mo . At the same time privacy can not be a shenanigan for money laundering .
The author teaches constitutional law
E.mail-misra.sn54 @ gmail.com , Ph-7381109899
Sign in using you account with : { * loginWidget * }
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back . Please sign in
Why are we asking this ?
By submitting your registration information , you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account ?
We have sent a confirmation email to { * data_emailAddress * } . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account .
Thank you for registering !
Thank you for registering !
We look forward to seeing you on [ website ] frequently . Visit us and sign in to update your profile , receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts .
Click here to return to the page you were visiting .
Millennial Money : Entertainment by subscription not always the cheapest option
123RF Signing up to the plethora of subscriptions and hopping from one free trial to the next is harmless until you forget about them and start paying .
Millennials are driving the subscription economy because it 's everything we want . It 's lots of new content , convenient and cheap .
Signing up to the plethora of subscriptions and hopping from one free trial to the next can be a mindless , harmless activity until of course , those trials end and they automatically deduct $ 14.99 .
You always realise you 've paid for it three days after your trial has finished , and you then want your money 's worth so you stay ... until you begin to justify it as a monthly necessity .
SUPPLIED Financial adviser Liz Koh says the bitter rule of saving is to pay for one thing , you have to forgo another .
Earlier this year my subscription list was brimming with Netflix , Spotify , Audible , Apple Music , Lightbox subscriptions and a phone plan adding up to about $ 80 per month . That may not sound like much but that 's nearly $ 1000 annually - just on subscriptions .
READ MORE :
* Millennial Money : How to recover from # Brokemas
* Millennial Money : I 'm looking for a savings hack
* Subscription services for your home
So if I wanted to grow my savings , to afford some long-term goals of travel , saving up for a concert or a car , would I need to give some up ?
SUPPLIED Anuja Nadkarni was surprised at how much their subscriptions cost .
Not necessarily , says financial adviser Liz Koh . They reckon it all comes down to prioritising .
Koh says the plethora of subscription services available can be tempting but it 's important to find what is most valuable to you .
`` Subscriptions are tricky because they can seem like you 're not spending a lot at the time . But it really pays to take a step back and look at how much your subscriptions are adding up to .
Bevan Read/STUFF.CO.NZ Join our four millennial business reporters on their money journey .
`` You might be surprised to see how much of your pay cheque is going into subscriptions each year , '' Koh says .
I sure was . That $ 1000 I was spending could cover flights and five days of accommodation in Samoa , and leave some extra shopping money .
Now add a $ 40 gym membership to the mix ? That could bump my total monthly spending to $ 1440 a year .
That could pay for a seven night trip to Buenos Aires .
But that 's still not bad as some millennials around the world . A survey in the United States found one in ten millennials spend more than $ 200 or more every month on subscriptions .
The Australian Deloitte consumer survey found that the number of subscription memberships among millennials alone has been rising year on year . Last year 32 per cent of respondents had video-on-demand subscriptions , up 14 per cent from the previous year .
Koh says the bitter rule of saving is to pay for one thing , you have to forgo another .
`` There is nothing right or wrong to spend on . You have to decide whether you 'd like to save a little faster and forgo some extra expenses or decide you do n't mind waiting a little longer for that holiday .
`` Always look at the broader picture and your long-term goals while budgeting . ''
I took their advice and decided to re-evaluate my subscription list .
It took a Saturday afternoon to organise and research my subscription plans in order to fast-track my savings for travel .
I realised I no longer needed two music apps , or an audio book app .
I also found a way to decrease my subscription bill by opting for package family deals - they 're especially great if you 're flatting with a group of friends because you can split the cost three or four ways .
As a result of making a conscious effort , I halved my subscription bill to $ 40 , including a cheap phone plan .
Subscription rates for your convenience :
Netflix - $ 11.99 per month basic plan .
Spotify - $ 14.99 per month . Or about $ 5.60 if you split the $ 22.50 bill with four others in the family plan . You can share the family plan with up to six people living at the same address . If you 're on a Spark phone plan you can also get 50 per cent off .
Apple Music - $ 14.99 per month . Or $ 22.99 for a family plan .
Lightbox - $ 12.99 per month .
Youtube Red - $ 12.99 per month .
Sky TV - $ 24.91 starter plan .
Neon - $ 20 per month .
- Stuff
Australian Peter Brown has lived in various parts of Singapore for more than two decades . Here they talk about how they ended up in a provision shop in Chai Chee .
SINGAPORE : Deep in the heart of Chai Chee , Runda Minimart is everything you 'd expect of a heartland provision shop .
The storefront at Block 21 , Chai Chee Road is packed with shelves of bread , eggs and children 's toys . Then there 's the customary row of colourful gashapon machines .
But walk inside and there is an unexpected sight : A silver-haired Caucasian manning the cash register . Australian Peter Brown , 62 , has worked as a cashier in the shop since it first opened three years ago .
“ Several people come in and go : ‘ Ang moh in a shop ? In Singapore ? It 's not possible ! ' ” they told Channel NewsAsia after completing a shift . “ Then they ask if it 's my business . They think all ang mohs are bosses , not workers . ”
The Permanent Resident , who has lived in Singapore for 24 years , is not your typical expatriate . They earn S $ 1,000 a month working four-hour shifts , seven days a week . Home is a rented room in an HDB flat a short walk away .
Peter has been around for so long that he 's become a familiar face in the neighbourhood . Even the fruit seller waves and shouts “ ang moh ” each time they walk by .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Peter dealing with customers . ( Photo : Aqil Haziq Mahmud )
Some customers do not register Peter 's race , and automatically speak to them in Mandarin . They have picked up the language over time , although they are still far from fluent .
So , when they reply to customers , they often look up in shock before asking where they are from . “ From China , ” they usually say . “ I play games with them . ”
But Peter 's job is far from being just a game .
On top of their cashiering duties , they take stock of sometimes challenging deliveries . “ There are hundreds of different items and I 've got to get them on the shelves or stored away because they block the aisles , ” they said .
Peter also ensures the racks and fridges are constantly full . This means moving around a lot and topping up the bestselling Carlsberg cans as soon as they fly off the shelves .
Peter restocking the shelves . ( Photo : Aqil Haziq Mahmud )
“ Some days are dull , some days are very busy , ” they said . “ It 's not my idea of a career . I 'm doing it because I ca n't find anything else . ”
THE ARTIST
It 's Friday morning at the shop and business has been slow all week . Then , a man pulls up with a trolley loaded with boxes of chips and cookies . Suddenly it 's not so slow .
Peter leaves their post and pulls the inventory list close to their nose – something does n't seem right . A line starts forming at the cashier and a boy impatiently rings the bell on the counter .
This is Peter 's world .
A woman walks past the shop front . ( Photo : Aqil Haziq Mahmud )
To understand how this elderly man ended up working in a cramped shop almost 5,000km away from home , you have to go back more than two decades to when they landed their first job in Singapore at an American firm based in Bukit Timah .
Peter , a stained glass artist , had just come off a failed business venture in Australia . They were also hit with a fine after their previous employer ran into some legal problems .
“ I needed to find some money urgently , ” they said . “ This company was offering me a good wage and immediate work , and I jumped at the opportunity . ”
In 1993 , the then 38-year-old left for Singapore to embark on a six-month contract painting windows for Hard Rock Cafes in the region .
The company had to look as far as Australia because glass painters were a “ rare breed ” . Furthermore , Peter said , it felt American artists would struggle with the culture shock of living and working in a place like Singapore .
It did n't take long for Peter to experience the shock for himself .
“ Here in Singapore , clients would spend six months debating how much to pay , and as soon as they agree the cost , they want the thing tomorrow , ” they said . “ My boss was constantly on my back , asking me to work faster and more efficiently . ”
Outside of the “ punishing schedules ” at the office , Peter grappled with the unfamiliar cuisine . They described mee rebus as ingredients “ floating around in this dark gravy ” , while the smell of shrimp sauce in rojak “ made me want to vomit ” .
The weather was also too hot , and they did not understand a word of the local slang . “ I remember going into the lift at work , ” they said . “ These girls were talking and I asked my colleague what language they were speaking . English ? You 're kidding ! ”
Over the years , Peter got used to things . They learnt to love rojak and eventually spoke perfect Singlish . As for their job , the American company “ kept getting work and they kept needing me ” . The six-month contract became 12 , then 18 .
It was n't all good news , though .
The company started losing money and eventually fired them in 1995 after an argument . “ I was in a low state of mind because I had lost my job , and I did n't know whether I would stay here or go back to Australia , ” they said .
THE CHURCH-GOER
Back at the shop , Peter usually takes the morning shift , which runs from 8am till noon . They raise the shutters , pushes out the roller shelves and counts the cigarette cartons in the cabinet behind the counter . This is a daily routine .
Cigarettes are one of the shop 's most popular items , Peter said before attending to a customer . They plucked out a pack of Winston Reds and pushed it across the counter .
Peter 's final assignment at the American company was to paint some windows for Bethesda Cathedral , a large church in Chai Chee . They completed the painting , but got sacked before it went up .
Peter with one of their pieces in the church . ( Photo : Aqil Haziq Mahmud )
Just before Christmas that year , Peter turned up at the church with their camera as they always made it a habit to photograph their work for their portfolio .
“ They were having a Christmas barbeque , ” they said . “ They were curious and did n't know who I was , and they invited me to a church service . ”
Peter identified as Christian at that time , but they are n't particularly pious . Even so , they found themselves warming to the church 's messages .
They started attending church every week and eventually taught children at the Sunday school there . They also began teaching kids art and craft on Saturday evenings .
Peter explaining some of the finer details of glass painting . ( Photo : Aqil Haziq Mahmud )
Peter also found a job at a local stained glass company , where they designed pieces for churches , hotels and condominiums . Their proudest work ? For a private home in Kuala Lumpur , they painted Da Vinci 's The Last Supper on a 3m by 2m window .
Peter admitted that they have grown comfortable in Singapore . “ It was just a job , ” they said of their first stint with the American company . “ My plan was to come here , earn money and go home . ”
More than a year after they left the glass company in 2012 , a couple of church members opened the provision shop in Chai Chee and hired them as its cashier .
“ I never dreamt that I would stay in Singapore for so long , ” they said .
THE NOMAD
During their years here , Peter has lived in more than 10 homes , in locations ranging from Queenstown to Bedok North . He 's to move around a lot because rental fees are “ crazy ” . “ Everybody is selling their units , ” they said .
They hate the constant shifting , but it has meant they have been able to explore different parts of Singapore . Because they love the beach , they are particularly fond of Sentosa . And after moving to the east , they would regularly cycle along East Coast Park , which they called “ one of Singapore 's great little places ” .
Despite that , Peter said he 's not a very social person . Besides attending gatherings with church members on Friday evenings , they keep very much to himself .
Peter checking the cigarettes . ( Photo : Aqil Haziq Mahmud )
Still , they make it a point to see their two brothers and a sister in Australia once a year . They go to Bathurst , a small town three hours away by car from Sydney , where they grew up on a “ beautiful ” farm with their parents . Their father died last July , their mother four years ago .
They also miss Australia 's seasons , vast spaces and Western food , which they stressed is more than “ french fries , coleslaw and baked beans ” .
Do they feel lonely in Singapore ? “ All the time , but you get used to it , ” they replied . “ Being alone is part of life . You do n't really make friends , but you chit-chat with customers . ”
Peter said he 's been through a number of relationships here , but “ nothing 's happened ” . “ I thought that I would like to get married . I thought I 'd be a successful artist anywhere I go , ” they said . “ That 's a bit of a frustration for me . ”
At their age , Peter acknowledged that the “ book is closing fast , but I do n't know where it leads ” .
“ I 've seen so many people here in Singapore in their 70s who are struggling to walk and do n't work , ” they added . “ In 10 years ' time , am I going to be sick ? ”
Peter keeps fit by visiting a gym in Chai Chee twice a week . They used to play tennis too , but their age has put the brakes on that . “ Thankfully , my father and mother lived to 95 and 93 , so maybe there 's good genes in the family , ” they said with a laugh .
He 's also earning some extra cash by giving English tuition and working part-time with the same local glass company . This is so they can cover their S $ 600 a month rent and expenses like their phone bill and annual trip home .
Peter does n't want to retire because they ca n't afford it . But things might change . With the inheritance from their late parents , they could buy their own house , be it in Singapore or Australia . It 's something he 's never had in their life .
Nevertheless , Peter described themselves as the “ biggest procrastinator in the world ” . “ When I get older , I wo n't be able to work hard and my income goes down , so where do I spend my old age ? ” they said . “ I avoid making decisions at all costs . ”
Peter 's work schedule at the shop . ( Photo : Aqil Haziq Mahmud )
They always found themselves sticking around in Singapore because “ there 's always work here to do ” . They have great affection for the church too . “ For some strange reason , it 's a good church . ”
For Peter , life had not turned out how they thought it would , but they learnt not to “ worry about what you think you 're lacking ” .
“ Life has its way of leading you to places , and it 's not your plan , ” they said .
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
PEDRI
WILKES-BARRE — Luzerne County employees were directed Monday to sign their acknowledgement of an order prohibiting them from speaking to members of the media without prior authorization from the county manager .
The order , which employees quickly brought to the attention of The Citizens ' Voice , restricts rank-and-file workers as well as division heads under Manager Dave Pedri 's supervision from commenting to reporters without approval .
Pedri said their intention is to keep tabs on what county employees are saying when they make official statements .
“ It 's not in any way , shape or form meant to stop county employees from talking to the media , ” Pedri said . “ It 's more for county employees to contact me before they do . I think it 's important that the county speaks with one voice , with one vision as to what we 're doing here . ”
Asked if any particular incident brought about the change , Pedri noted that county council recently rejected their proposal to add a position for a communications coordinator , a post that they argued was needed because Luzerne County has multiple media outlets that closely cover county affairs .
“ If I had a spokesperson , I probably would have said all the media relations are to go through this press person , ” Pedri said . “ But since obviously I do n't have a press person and council decided it was going to be me , I think it 's important for me to understand what information is out there . ”
The order applies to all county employees who fall under the manager 's supervision — employees of the district attorney 's office , the controller 's office and the judiciary are not covered , they said .
Pedri said they have also instructed Coroner Bill Lisman that their office can release information about autopsy results but that they would need prior approval to give an interview on a topic such as the opiate crisis .
“ I 'd like to be involved with that , ” Pedri said .
Last month , Lisman was prominently featured in a Pennlive.com article about opiate addiction . The article — titled “ ‘ It 's just old people and addicts here ' : Addicted Towns of Pa. ” — featured Lisman discussing the county 's opiate crisis and included a first-hand account of an autopsy of an unidentified overdose victim .
Pedri , however , maintained that article was not the cause of the order , which they said is about ensuring employees deliver a consistent message .
“ These individuals would be making a statement that will become the official public statement of the county , ” Pedri said . “ I 'm the county manager , so I feel like I should have a say into what the official statement of the county should be on a county-related issue . ”
Contact the writer :
jhalpin @ citizensvoice.com
570-821-2058
A representative for Ric Flair says the pro wrestling legend has been hospitalized and is dealing with some “ tough medical issues . ”
Melinda Morris Zanoni confirmed a report on Saturday that the 68-year-old Flair had been hospitalized , and stated they were admitted for routine monitoring .
Yes , Ric in hosp 4routine monitoring.No reason2panic.Yes , many thx2his fiancé & hospstaff.No excuses Ric wld want u2go out 2nite NaturBoy style ! — MelindaMorrisZanoni ( @ LegacyTalentCEO ) August 13 , 2017
READ MORE : WWE 's Shane McMahon involved in helicopter accident
Zanoni provided an update early Monday , asking for “ prayers & positive energy ” because Flair has “ tough medical issues . ”
Are u a Fan/Friend of Ric Flair ? If so , we need prayers & positive energy 4 our Living Legend as they are dealing w/some tough medical issues🙏🏻 — MelindaMorrisZanoni ( @ LegacyTalentCEO ) August 14 , 2017
WWE agent and promoter Michael PS Hayes tweeted Monday that they had visited Flair in the hospital Sunday and added , “ I can assure that they need everyone 's prayers . ”
I saw @ RicFlairNatrBoy before I flew to Boston yesterday
I can assure that they need everyone 's prayers and positive vibes . Thx in advance ! ! — Michael PS Hayes ( @ MichaelPSHayes1 ) August 14 , 2017
READ MORE : John Cena lands lead role in ‘ Transformers ' spinoff ‘ Bumblebee '
John Cena tweeted their support to Flair on Monday . “ Just hearing all this news about @ RicFlairNatrBoy sending every ounce energy to # TheMan and asking that all of you do the same # NeverGiveUp , ” Cena wrote .
Just hearing all this news about @ RicFlairNatrBoy sending every ounce energy to # TheMan and asking that all of you do the same # NeverGiveUp — John Cena ( @ JohnCena ) August 14 , 2017
Other members of the WWE community and fans of the wrestler sent their support on Twitter .
My thoughts & prayers go out to the GOAT , @ RicFlairNatrBoy . We 're all thinking about ya & pulling for ya , my friend . pic.twitter.com/ATuSaSfjoG — REBORN by FATE ( @ MATTHARDYBRAND ) August 14 , 2017
I do n't know the details or what @ RicFlairNatrBoy needs , but God does and I pray that Theirs will be done . @ MsCharlotteWWE # KICKOUTRIC # OUDK — Brian G. James ( @ WWERoadDogg ) August 14 , 2017
Sending my love and prayers to @ RicFlairNatrBoy and their family . — $ asha Banks ( @ SashaBanksWWE ) August 14 , 2017
@ RicFlairNatrBoy U have been my inspiration . U taught me so much , especially how to `` give '' to the biz , and not `` take '' from it . Praying 4 U ! — Kurt Angle ( @ RealKurtAngle ) August 14 , 2017
Our thoughts are with @ WWE legend @ RicFlairNatrBoy , who has been hospitalised with serious health issues . Stay strong Naitch . 🙏💪 pic.twitter.com/ElVFO91NOM — SPORF ( @ Sporf ) August 14 , 2017
Thinking of my good friend , one of my best opponents , and truly a great human being right now . @ RicFlairNatrBoy pic.twitter.com/CAQMaFM0dW — Harley Race ( @ 8XNWAChampion ) August 14 , 2017
Sending lots of love to @ RicFlairNatrBoy and their family today . We 're thinking of you Naitch ❤️ — Renee Young ( @ ReneeYoungWWE ) August 14 , 2017
Prayers up for @ RicFlairNatrBoy . Kick out on two and 1/2 like you always did — Scott Hall ( @ SCOTTHALLNWO ) August 14 , 2017
Saying so many prayers for @ RicFlairNatrBoy right now @ MsCharlotteWWE you are in our thoughts & prayers too💛Praying for a speedy recover B & N — Nikki & Brie ( @ BellaTwins ) August 14 , 2017
Thoughts and prayer go out to @ RicFlairNatrBoy ! # Woo — Josh Reddick ( @ RealJoshReddick ) August 14 , 2017
Having hard time getting my mind off Ric Flair today . The respect he 's always shown me is something that has always stayed w/me . 100 % CLASS . — Vince Russo ( @ THEVinceRusso ) August 14 , 2017
Sending out a `` WOOOOO '' for the `` Nature Boy '' Ric Flair , who I 'm told has been hospitalized . Bless that man for all he 's given us . pic.twitter.com/upWmuIHreB — Jonathan Snowden ( @ JESnowden ) August 14 , 2017
READ MORE : WWE WrestleMania 33 stage catches fire after Undertaker 's exit
The Charlotte Observer reported that Flair had a previous health issue in Dec. 1998 “ when they slumped in the corner of a wrestling ring prior to a World Championship Wrestling event in Tampa , ” but it turned out “ the numbness in their left arm and chest spasms were not due to a heart attack . ”
Known for their flamboyant outfits and “ Nature Boy ” nickname , Flair made their professional debut in 1972 and was inducted into the World Wrestling Entertainment Hall of Fame in 2008 .
—With files from the Associated Press
There might be a few extra cheers for the underdog when the residents of Toronto 's Good Shepherd men 's homeless shelter settle in for their Super Bowl party . In the downtown shelter , in the midst of a brutal winter , a lot of the men here have reason to cheer for the scrappy team from Philadelphia with a starting quarterback who was nearly rejected by the sport , says Andre , 44 , a temporary resident and volunteer . “ A lot of guys here share that context , ” said Andre , part of the Good Shepherd 's Drug and Alcohol Recovery Enrichment ( DARE ) Program . ( He asked that their last name not be used . ) “ These are guys who are living on the street or guys who are working hard to get back to life . That piece of it resonates with them , ” they said . The Sunday night football party is a repeat of last year 's inaugural event , when 80 men gathered in the Good Shepherd dining room , with a large screen TV rental and dinner donated by Pizza Pizza .
Article Continued Below
“ It really lifted their spirits , ” said Brother Tim Liss , Good Shepherd 's director . “ For about a week after , they seemed more content. ” It 's a lonely life but the Super Bowl party helped , Liss said , by connecting people through sport . “ When the game is on you get the guys cheering for their favourite team and bantering back and forth . And then they get into the statistics and analysis of the players . The interaction is much , much greater. ” The DARE program has 25 men , while another 70 or so are homeless , staying in the shelter , which is almost always full , Liss said .
Alfie 's life-support was switched off last night but dad Tom Evans said they survived through the night and is still breathing .
Lawyers representing the family applied to send the toddler to Italy , but this was refused by the High Court .
And the hospital they are staying in , Alder Hey , has spoken out .
A statement from the hospital read : `` This evening the High Court again ruled that it is in Alfie 's best interests to continue with the end of life care plan developed by the clinical team who have cared for them throughout .
Kailyn Lowry once expressed their fear of being a single mother to three children after their split from Chris Lopez . After the birth of their son on August 5 , the Teen Mom 2 star is revealing exclusively to RadarOnline.com if their third baby daddy will be involved in their son 's life .
“ Every child deserves their dad , ” Lowry , 25 , told Radar . “ I 'm hopeful . I 'm positive he 'll be around . ”
Lopez is proving he 'll be involved so far , as they were in the delivery room with Lowry when they gave birth . They also remained in the hospital and drove them home on August 7 .
PHOTOS : Kailyn Lowry Takes Another Trip To The Plastic Surgeon 's Office After Body Overhaul
“ I think they have been as supportive as they can , ” the mother-of-two said . “ He does the best to their ability even though it does n't necessarily meet the standards of what everyone else expects of him . I think people need to keep that in mind . ”
Lowry told Radar that they were “ always hoping ” they would go the hospital when they went into labor .
“ But just based on how our relationship has been there was always a question whether they would have their phone on them or would they be at work , ” they said . “ I 'm so glad that they came . ”
As Radar reported , Lopez was uninvolved in their pregnancy after their split .
“ Kail became a relationship of convenience for him , ” a source close to Lowry told Radar . “ He never actually loved them It was a relationship , but they just decided they wanted something different and things did n't work out so they went their separate ways . ”
PHOTOS : Single Kailyn Lowry 's Female Lovers Exposed After Kissing A Woman
Lowry shared on their personal blog that while their ex-boyfriend Jo Rivera helps with their son Isaac , 7 , and their ex-husband Javi Marroquin has 50/50 custody of their son Lincoln , 3 , the newborn may not have a father as involved as their exes have been .
“ I think I 'm most worried about the changes ahead , but also that I will have this baby 24/7 by myself with no help , ” the MTV star wrote in April . “ I 'm going to be a single parent from the beginning ! ”
Do you think Lopez will continue to be involved in their son 's life ? Tell us in the comments !
We pay for juicy info ! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com ? Email us at tips @ radaronline.com , or call us at 800-344-9598 any time , day or night .
Christina Bathea was on-time to make their 7:30 a.m. start-time at their security guard job next to the Port Authority Bus Terminal Monday morning .
Comments
NEW YORK : It happens like a bolt out of the blue . One minute you 're fine , and the next you begin to sweat as crippling cramps move wavelike through your belly . You vomit or have diarrhoea , or both , fearing you wo n't live to see another day .
And then it goes away . You 're back to your old self , maybe after a day or two of binge-watching Netflix and chasing dry crackers with ginger ale .
The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates this scenario , known as an “ acute gastrointestinal event , ” happens to all of us at least once a year . The bouts , while extremely unpleasant , usually do n't require a trip to the doctor or any medication .
But such events tend to make us spin our gears trying to pinpoint what made us so miserably sick . While it 's hard to know for sure , there are clues that might help you determine the source and reduce your risk in the future .
“ People tend to blame the last thing they ate , but it 's probably the thing before the last thing they ate , ” said Dr Deborah Fisher , a gastroenterologist and associate professor at Duke University School of Medicine .
It takes the stomach about four to six hours to empty a full meal , and then the small intestine takes about six to eight hours to squeeze out all the nutrients and empty into the colon . The remains linger there for another one to three days , fermenting and being formed into what ultimately is flushed down the toilet . So-called bowel transit time varies significantly from person to person , but gastroenterologists said you can easily find out what 's normal for you by eating corn and watching for when the indigestible kernels appear in your stool .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Gross , perhaps , but with that baseline , the next time you get sick , you 'll be better able to estimate when you might have eaten the offending meal . For example , if you throw up something and do n't have diarrhoea or roiling further down , it could be that what made you ill was something you ate within the last four to six hours . If you wake up in the middle of the night with cramps and diarrhoea , it 's more likely something you consumed a good 18 to 48 hours earlier , depending on the results of your corn test .
Most food-borne illnesses are caused by viruses or bacteria , such as norovirus , Staphylococcus aureus , campylobacter , salmonella , E. coli and Bacillus cereus .
So in addition to figuring out the correct time frame of consumption , also consider what foods are more likely to be contaminated . Items cited by the CDC and frequently on the US Food and Drug Administration 's food recall list include leafy greens , culinary herbs , melons with textured surfaces like cantaloupe , fresh tomatoes , cucumbers , jalapeño peppers , nut butters , shellfish , frozen peas , cheese and ice cream . Also suspicious are any foods left out for several hours , like the classic potato salad at the family picnic or fried rice at a Chinese buffet .
Restaurant food tends to be riskier in general not only because more hands are involved in the preparation , but also because the ingredients are ordered in bulk . “ A fast-food hamburger could have meat from a hundred different cows , ” said Fisher , and it takes only one with a pathogen to make you sick . “ The eggs in your two-egg omelette were poured out of a carton so it could have come from 50 different chickens , ” they said .
Similarly suspect are freshly made juices and smoothies that are extracted from pounds and pounds of produce . Just one speck of contaminated dirt in your detox drink could upend your gut . And think of all the hands that necessarily touched the produce from the time it was picked in the field to when it was chopped and crammed into the Vitamix .
Let 's not forget about germs on your own hands if you 're not diligent about washing them with soap and water ( hand sanitisers do n't kill some of the bugs that make your stomach sick ) . Did you eat or otherwise put your fingers in your mouth after gripping the pole on the subway or after throwing a slobbery ball for your dog ? Did you put your mobile phone down on the table at a coffee shop — or on top of the toilet-paper dispenser in a public restroom — and then put it up to your mouth to take a call ? Germs that make it into your digestive tract do n't always come from food .
And sometimes your gut distress is n't caused by a germ at all . It could be an overdose of fermentable oligosaccharides , disaccharides , monosaccharides and polyols , known in public health circles as “ Fodmaps. ” These are essentially carbohydrates that , eaten in excess , are not well absorbed in the small intestine and then make their way into your colon to cause all kinds of trouble . They include myriad things we 're encouraged to eat including broccoli , brussels sprouts , radicchio , asparagus , avocados , mushrooms , peaches , whole grains and legumes .
“ People are trying to eat so healthy these days , but a lot of those things are high in Fodmaps , ” said Dr Scott Gabbard , a gastroenterologist at the Cleveland Clinic . “ You could always eat a lot of salad , but on that certain day , that certain combination of fruits and vegetables in your salad was just high enough in Fodmaps that it overrode your system 's capability to absorb those carbohydrates and you ended up with something almost like a purging . ”
Drugs are also a common source of acute gastrointestinal events . Fisher told the story of an otherwise healthy and active patient who had bouts of GI distress every few months or so . After many tests came back negative , they finally determined it was the ACE inhibitor they were taking to control their blood pressure .
“ A side effect of the drug is that it causes swelling in the intestines so they would get these temporary , partial obstructions , ” Fisher said . “ He would vomit and skip a meal and then the swelling would go down . It went on and on until we took them off that drug and now he 's fine . ”
Medications used to treat depression , allergies and gastrointestinal reflux can also make you more vulnerable to intense , short-duration attacks of vomiting or diarrhoea , or both . Recreational drugs could also be the culprit . “ We 're starting to see more cyclic vomiting syndrome called cannabis hyperemesis because THC content of marijuana now is so high , ” said Gabbard , referring to the psychoactive component of marijuana .
Finally , there 's stress . What 's going on in your head has an enormous impact on your gut and vice versa . “ The human brain and nervous system is very intimately mixed with another nervous system that is present in the walls of the intestine , ” said Dr Santhi Swaroop Vege , a gastroenterologist at the Mayo Clinic . “ These nerve fibres , nerves and plexuses are located continuously in the wall of intestine from the oesophagus to rectum . ”
So instead of something that you ate , it could be you 've swallowed your fear , anxiety , anger or sadness , and it 's wreaking havoc on the nerves , chemical secretions and microbiota that keep your bowels operating smoothly . Gastroenterologists as well as psychiatrists said it 's not uncommon for acute gastrointestinal events to cease or become less frequent after a patient quits a bad job or leaves a bad relationship . That 's why , when making a difficult decision , you might just want to trust your gut .
By Kate Murphy © 2017 The New York Times
SYDNEY : Sri Lankan Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe said on Wednesday that failed asylum seekers held in Australian-run detention centres in the South Pacific will not face prosecution or harm if they return home .
Wickremesinghe 's comment comes as Australia increases pressure on failed asylum seekers on Papua New Guinea 's Manus island and the tiny island nation of Nauru to return home voluntarily , including offering large sums of money , amid fears a deal for the United States to take refugees has collapsed .
Only five men from Nepal on Manus have so far opted to leave despite the threat of deportations .
Australia does not publish details on the nationalities of the 1,152 people held on Manus and Nauru though refugee advocates said there are approximately 150 Sri Lankans detained .
Many of these would have received their refugee status , advocates said , but for those who have been rejected , they face the choice of accepting the offer of cash from Australia or the threat of deportation .
`` They are welcome to return to Sri Lanka and we wo n't prosecute them , '' Wickremesinghe told reporters in Australia 's capital Canberra .
Despite the assurances from Wickremesinghe , refugee advocates said many Sri Lankans would be reluctant to return home amid reports of mistreatment of members of the ethnic Tamil minority , a claim Wickremesinghe rejected .
`` It is quite safe for them to come back ... we want all the Tamils to come back , '' said Wickremesinghe .
The United Nations has urged Sri Lanka to better protect minorities like Tamils and redress the wrongs committed during a 26-year conflict with Tamil rebels which ended in 2009 .
( Reporting by Colin Packham ; Editing by Michael Perry )
PERTH , Australia ( AP ) — Roger Federer returned from six months on the sidelines with a knee injury to beat Dan Evans 6-3 , 6-4 on Monday and lead Switzerland to an opening win over Britain at the Hopman Cup mixed teams tournament .
The 17-time major winner missed the French Open last year , ending a run of 65 consecutive Grand Slam tournaments , and had n't played competitively since re-injuring their surgically repaired left knee at Wimbledon in July . But they showed no signs of rust in their 61-minute win over Evans .
“ I 'd like to live it again . I 'm a little bit sad it 's over , because it was so nice out there , ” Federer said of their return . “ I was actually quite emotional . When I walked down , I was like , ‘ Oh my God , this is better than I thought it would be . ' ”
The 35-year-old Federer said it was the kind of feeling they missed the most while they were sidelined .
“ I thought for a first match it was great , because my expectations were obviously quite low . ”
Belinda Benic held off Heather Watson 7-5 , 3-6 , 6-2 later Monday to give Switzerland an unbeatable 2-0 lead ahead of the mixed doubles match .
Federer said he 's looking for as many matches as possible in Perth ahead of the Australian Open , which starts Jan. 16 in Melbourne . They have n't won a Grand Slam title since 2012 at Wimbledon , and has n't won the Australian Open title since 2010 , but has n't given up hope of extending their record in the majors .
“ After all these years , it would be nice to win another one — of course I 'd even take two or three or four , ” they said . “ We 'll see . It 's tough at the top . A lot of good guys out there right now . I 'll give it a chance , and see what happens . ”
Federer said he 'd spent plenty of time on conditioning during their break from the game and felt pain free .
“ I do n't have any pain , ” they said . “ It 's been nice that I was able to get rid of that early . ”
Switzerland is set to play Germany on Wednesday and France on Friday , with the winning team in Group A qualifying for Saturday 's final .
France beat Germany 2-1 earlier Monday , with Richard Gasquet defeating Alexander Zverev 7-5 , 6-3 and combining with Kristina Mladenovic to win the deciding mixed doubles , which is being played in the Fast4 format , 4-2 , 4-1 . Andrea Petkovic had earlier beaten Mladenovic 6-2 , 6-1 in the women 's singles .
It 's a drug that could be life-saving for a 10-year-old Calgary boy . The problem is their family and dozens of others in similar situations ca n't afford it .
Spinraza is used to treat Spinal Muscular Atrophy ( S.M.A . ) , a rare disease 10-year-old Evan Palmer was diagnosed with as a baby .
In a nutshell S.M.A . is a genetic disease that destroys the motor neurons in the spinal cord . It 's degenerative , and can lead to early death . Even a simple cold or flu , like the one Palmer is getting over now , could end up costing them their life .
“ It 's not fun . You can barely get any sleep and if it gets worse… I could get pneumonia . Just like that . Done , ” Palmer said .
The good news ? The research proves really positive for other children who have used the drug . They 're now seeing their disease essentially stopped in its tracks .
But the cost of the medication is astronomical : about $ 750,000 for just the first year of treatment .
WATCH : Drug researcher disputes rare disease medication pricing
Health Canada approved the drug last June , but the federal drug review board has recommended that provinces should not cover it , except in the most severe cases .
Alberta Health Services released the following statement Friday :
We recognize this disease can be severely limiting . We also understand that families want access to medications and therapies that provide a better quality of life and potential for improved mobility .
As is normal process , once a drug is approved by Health Canada , it is reviewed by the Canadian Drug Expert Committee and potentially negotiated through the pan-Canadian Pharmaceutical Alliance before provinces decide how a drug may be funded . In the case of Spinraza , the pan-Canadian Pharmaceutical Alliance process is forthcoming .
READ MORE : Drug could save hundreds of kids from profound disability – if they can pay for it
But for Evan and about 30 other Alberta kids , time matters . There are at least nine kids with the disease in Calgary . Two babies with that diagnosis died last year .
“ It 's kind of like dangling a carrot of hope that we ca n't actually get yet , ” Kira Palmer , Evan 's mom said .
“ If it 's not covered , it 's not an option . ”
For now , the family is asking Albertans to write their MLAs for support .
“ We need people to know that it exists and that it 's really important and that this medication is literally going to save lives , ” Kira said .
A 57-year-old woman was arrested for attempted murder Tuesday after they allegedly shot their husband after they used a tone of voice while they were performing a search on Google , according to the Nassau County Sheriff 's Office .
Lawanda Brown was arrested by the sheriff 's office and taken to the Nassau County Jail .
Deputies responded to a home at about 1:30 p.m. Tuesday in the 95500 block of Burney Road in Fernandina Beach , where they found a 58-year-old man , Tony Brown , lying in a pool of blood resulting from a gunshot wound to the back of their head . They were airlifted to UF Health in Jacksonville with critical injuries .
Investigators learned that prior to the shooting , Lawanda and Tony were working in the home 's loft where they share an office for their consulting business . Lawanda told deputies their husband asked them to perform a Google search for a template for a project they were working on . While doing the search , they said they could hear a tone in their husband 's voice that they were not happy with how they were searching , the sheriff 's office said .
They said it was “ all a blur ” as the victim started walking out of the loft prior to being shot .
© 2018 WTLV
By Juliet Mlowoka Chirwa- MEC stringer Nkhotakota
As the countdown to the 2019 tripartite elections continues , at least 47 women have shown interest to compete in the Local government polls in Nkhotakota .
Governance , Gender , Justice and Development Centre- GGJDC , district coordinator for Nkhotakota Precious Rabison made the revelations in an interview saying unlike in the past elections , this year more women have shown interest to compete .
“ Following our various meetings with different stakeholders including chiefs , a total of 47 women are competing as ward councilors in all the 10 wards of the district ” Rabison said
During the 2014 elections , only one woman contested but lost , making all the 10 wards in the district being represented by men .
Rabison said they are optimistic that women are going to scoop more seats in the coming polls .
“ as an organization fighting for women empowerment in the district , we will be very happy if at least 5 or even all the 10 wards were to be won by women aspirants in the 2019 elections ” they said .
They then called on other stakeholders and well wishers to fully support these women with finances and also campaign materials so that they manage to reach out to all would be voters in their wards .
It is n't difficult to see why it is such a peach…
The FTSE 100 pharma play , which was 6 % higher from Monday 's close at pixel time , has so far resisted the overtures of its Asian peer . How far Takeda will chase Shire 's share price higher remains to be seen , but given the determination it has shown so far — allied with Shire 's still cheap valuation — this story could well have much more distance to run .
Shire ( LSE : SHP ) was back on the march in Tuesday trading as speculation over a possible takeover by Japan 's Takeda Pharmaceutical Company heated up .
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you . The Motley Fool respects your privacy ! Please read our Privacy Statement .
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site . Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter , The Motley Fool Collective . It features straightforward advice on what 's really happening with the stock market , direct to your inbox . It 's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio . ( You may unsubscribe any time . )
Shire ( LSE : SHP ) was back on the march in Tuesday trading as speculation over a possible takeover by Japan 's Takeda Pharmaceutical Company heated up .
The FTSE 100 pharma play , which was 6 % higher from Monday 's close at pixel time , has so far resisted the overtures of its Asian peer . How far Takeda will chase Shire 's share price higher remains to be seen , but given the determination it has shown so far — allied with Shire 's still cheap valuation — this story could well have much more distance to run .
It is n't difficult to see why it is such a peach in Takeda 's eyes . The British company is a giant in the growing field of rare diseases , and its fast-improving pipeline provides plenty of revenues opportunities in the years ahead . Indeed , the number of programmes in its pipeline doubled in the four years to 2017 and now stands at around 40 . What 's more , the sale of the oncology division to Servier for $ 2.4bn this month provides it with greater resources to dedicate to keep developing its core operations .
Shire is expected to report earnings growth of 7 % in both 2018 and 2019 , forecasts that leave it dealing on a dirt-cheap forward P/E multiple of 11.2 times . I reckon this is a bargain given that its strong pipeline could well deliver titanic profits growth later down the line .
Shop around
I am a lot less confident over fellow Footsie member Next 's ( LSE : NXT ) ability to generate strong earnings progression in the years ahead .
I myself used to own shares in the clothing giant , drawn in by the large dividend yields on offer . But I sold out several years ago as soon as the intense competitive pressures became apparent , putting stress on the retailer 's sales-driving Next Directory online and catalogue division .
These strains have become even more apparent as Next 's rivals have invested heavily in their own e-commerce operations in an effort to stay relevant in our increasingly-digitalised world . And since I held my shares , conditions on the high street have become that much more difficult as shopper budgets have become more and more constrained .
Against this backcloth , Next has seen earnings dip for the past two consecutive years , putting paid to its esteemed growth record .
And while a marginal earnings bounceback is forecast for the year to January 2019 , leading to a predicted 4 % rise in fiscal 2020 , I am not convinced . As a consequence a low forward P/E ratio of 12.5 times fails to attract me .
In fact , I would consider a reading below the bargain watermark of 10 times to be a fairer reflection of sustained profits gloom as consumers continue to tighten their pursestrings . Chairman Michael Roney commented last month that “ the wider economy , clothing market and high street look set to remain challenging . ”
And with Next also battling against a rising cost base , I reckon the company is far too risky right now , and would n't be surprised to see current forecasts heavily downgraded in the months ahead .
Bonucci 's future at AC Milan is in doubt with the Italian club in the midst of a financial crisis .
They 've been booted out of Europe by UEFA after the game 's governing body ruled they breached FFP rules with their big spending in 2017 .
It 's led to suggestions star defender Bonucci could depart the San Siro - with Jose Mourinho known to be an admirer .
Italian football expert David Amoyal issued an update on a potential Manchester United switch for the centre-back on the latest episode of the Calcioland podcast .
THE quality of the waters off the islands of Mactan in Cebu and Panglao in Bohol has “ drastically improved ” compared to last year .
William Cuñado , Environmental Management Bureau in Central Visayas ( EMB-7 ) director , said tests indicated there were improvements from the 2017 consolidated report by the Environmental Management Bureau central office that showed fecal coliform content in the waters off Panglao and Mactan had exceeded safe levels .
“ I could say that the water samples from Panglao have already passed the safety standards , ” they told Cebu Daily News in an interview on Wednesday .
In the case of Mactan , they added , while there were improvements , they could not give specifics since the results of the three sets of tests had yet to be consolidated .
But they added it helped when the DENR issued notices of violations to establishments in Mactan that did n't have discharge permits and waste water facilities .
“ It 's premature to say that it ( Mactan sea ) is safe for now . We do n't have control over a lot of things . It 's up to the stakeholders ( resort owners ) to do their thing to address the problem , ” they added .
“ But I can say that there have been many improvements in the Mactan sea though we 're in the process of determining the specific safety level , ” they said .
Cebu Daily News contacted Carlo Anton Suarez , president of the Hotels , Resorts , and Restaurants Association of Cebu ( HRRAC ) , but they begged off from issuing a statement .
In an earlier interview , Suarez said they were bothered by EMB 's report regarding the presence of fecal coliform in the water off Mactan Island .
Since the start of 2018 , Cuñado said they released 650 notices of violation to resort owners in Central Visayas for their failure to comply with the environmental standards in treating their waste products .
They said this contributed to the decrease in fecal coliform in the sea waters off Mactan .
“ We appeal to them ( resort owners ) to not discharge their waste products to the sea unless they undergo the proper water treatment procedure , ” they said .
“ We ask them to cooperate with us in our efforts to lower down the presence of fecal coliform in the areas , ” they added .
Cuñado said resort owners should hire contractors that can haul and properly dispose their trash .
Mactan and Panglao are prime tourist destinations in Central Visayas and home to several resorts and hotels .
But recently , Mactan and Panglao were among the islands that have been found to have high levels of coliform that exceeded safe standards after President Duterte ordered the rehabilitation of Boracay Island which they described as a “ cesspool . ”
The government has closed down Boracay for up to six months starting on April 26 so it can be rehabilitated . /with a report from Jose Santino Bunachita
To be fair to Sarah Sanders , there probably was n't much Canadian content on the curriculum at Little Rock Central High School or Ouachita Baptist University in Arkadelphia , Ark. , when they were a student . But to paraphrase the great Olympia Dukakis in the splendid movie Moonstruck , what President Donald Trump 's press secretary does n't know about history is a lot .
The redoubtable Sarah Huckabee Sanders at the White House press room podium . ( Alex Wong / GETTY IMAGES )
“ We 've been very nice to Canada for many years , and they 've taken advantage of that , ” Sanders said this week in response to the imposition by this country of retaliatory tariffs on some American products . Canadians are accustomed to benign neglect and monumental indifference from the United States . We 're fine with that . That great American Al Capone once said , “ I do n't even know what street Canada is on. ” We liked it that way . But taking advantage of America ?
Article Continued Below
Let 's just say Canadian heroism in Tehran in 1979 in helping free American hostages , and Canadian generosity in 2001 after the terrorist attack on the U.S. , not to mention Canadians sacrificing their lives in the Second World War two years before America got around to joining is hardly that . Let 's consider how nicely Americans have treated Canada . A lot of the time , what with you marching around ranting about “ Manifest Destiny ” or “ 54-40 or Fight , ” we were never all that sure whether you were friend or foe . “ The unanimous voice of the continent is that Canada must be ours , ” future president John Adams said when the American project was getting off the ground in 1776 . Benjamin Franklin once demanded the British surrender all of Canada to the fledgling United States .
In the unpleasantness leading up to the War of 1812 , Thomas Jefferson misguidedly said “ the acquisition of Canada this year . . . will be a mere matter of marching. ” President Andrew Johnson said , “ Comprehensive national policy would seem to sanction the acquisition and incorporation into our federal union of the several adjacent continental and insular communities . ”
Article Continued Below
Secretary of State William Seward , bless their arrogant and acquisitive soul , said : “ I know that nature designed that this whole continent , not merely these 36 states , shall be sooner or later within the magic circle of the American Union. ” Champ Clark , a speaker of the House of Representatives , said : “ I hope to see the day when the American flag will float over every square foot of the British North American possessions clear to the North Pole. ” Teddy Roosevelt once fumed at Canada : “ I 'm going to be ugly. ” You 've had presidents ( Truman ) who could n't trouble themselves to learn how to pronounce St. Laurent . Presidents ( Eisenhower ) who introduced a distinguished guest as “ the prime minister of the Great Republic of Canada . Presidents ( Nixon ) who called the Canadian prime minister an “ a—hole. ” You 've had a member of congress ( Clement Zablocki ) who , after hearing Pierre Trudeau address Congress , said : “ Some members of Congress did n't think a Canadian could speak such good English. ” We get it . You 're a superpower . We are n't . You have 10 times our population . You bestride the globe like a Levis-clad , Bud-drinkin ' , rock'n'rollin ' colossus . But still . We live right next door . We 're the first at your door when you need a hand . You 'd think that would count for something . History suggests relations between the two countries usually depend on how well the prime minister and president of any given era hit it off . To be frank , other than Mackenzie King and Franklin Roosevelt , Brian Mulroney and Ronald Reagan , and very briefly Justin Trudeau and Barack Obama , things have often been a little testy . Your guy recently came for a visit , behaved like a lout , and has caused petulant mayhem ever since . Nice ? Do n't talk to us about nice . The late broadcaster Knowlton Nash once asked John F. Kennedy what they thought of Canada and Canadians . “ They 're nice , ” JFK replied . We know nice . We made it an art form . And your boss , Ms. Sanders , could n't spell nice if you spotted them both the vowels .
Read more about :
Rwanda 's economy grew by 5.2 percent in the third quarter of last year , down from 5.4 percent in the second quarter and 5.9 percent in the same …
Rwead more
HELSINKI : Finland 's Supercell , the maker of hit mobile game Clash of Clans , reported on Wednesday core profit rose 8 percent last year , helped by the launch of a new game and despite the challenge from Nintendo Co 's smash hit Pokémon GO .
Supercell , majority owned by China 's Tencent Holdings Ltd , said earnings before interest , tax , depreciation , and amortisation rose to 917 million euros ( US $ 967 million ) last year from 848 million in 2015 .
With largely flat revenue of 2.1 billion euros , the profit improvement was partly due to lower spending on advertising and the successful launch of its latest game , Clash Royale , it said .
`` Despite tighter competition , this was the best year so far in financial terms . Clash Royale was a huge hit , '' Chief Executive Ilkka Paananen told reporters .
Clash of Clans , a war strategy game in which players build fortresses , form clans with other players and battle it out in a Medieval-style fantasy world , has remained on the list of top-earning applications since its launch in 2012 .
In 2016 it was ranked No . 2 after Mixi Inc 's Monster Strike , according to research company App Annie . Clash Royale was No . 5 .
Augmented-reality Pokémon GO , which has players walking around real life neighbourhoods to catch and train Pokémon , has the biggest number of active users , but in revenue terms it fell behind Clash of Clans .
Supercell , also creator of Boom Beach and Hay Day , banks on a handful of games , a strategy that has helped it avoid the problems faced by the likes of rival Rovio Entertainment , which has failed to create a new hit game since its 2009 launch of Angry Birds .
`` At the moment , we are not taking new games into beta tests , perhaps later in the year , '' Paananen said .
( US $ 1 = 0.9479 euros )
( Reporting by Tuomas Forsell , writing by Jussi Rosendahl ; editing by Susan Thomas )
While Kourtney Kardashian may have famously said they do n't read the news on their family 's long-running reality show Keeping Up with the Kardashians , they made some today in Washington , D.C. , where they appeared with members of the Environmental Working Group ( EWG ) at a Capitol Hill briefing on cosmetics reform .
The issue of cosmetics safety reform is one that has become more and more prominent in recent years , in no small part thanks to the EWG 's work to raise awareness about chemicals found in personal care products and their work to empower the FDA to regulate them more freely . `` It 's been more than 80 years since Congress last acted to pass any sort of cosmetics legislation , '' Scott Faber , Senior Vice President of Government Affairs at EWG , said at the beginning of the briefing . `` And that 's why it 's so important that Kourtney is here today to lend them voice . ''
It 's also why the group supports the Personal Care Products Safety Act , a bipartisan bill introduced by Senators Dianne Feinstein ( D—Calif . ) and Susan Collins ( R—Maine ) that , among other things , would require companies to disclose their ingredients to the FDA , register the facilities where their products are made , and permit the FDA to insist on warning labels where necessary .
`` Under current law , cosmetics companies can put just about anything in cosmetics and personal care products . There are few if any restrictions on the kinds of ingredients that can be added to personal care products or the amount of those chemicals , '' Faber explained . `` What the Feinstein-Collins bill will do , is it will give FDA the power to review the most controversial ingredients or chemicals in personal care products , and ultimately make a determination if those ingredients are safe or safe at certain levels or not safe . '' The bill has the support of a number of beauty companies both large and small —from Procter & Gamble , Revlon , Estée Lauder , and L'Oréal to Juice Beauty , EO , and Vapour Beauty .
Any fan of KUWTK knows that Kourtney is the member of their family that is perhaps the most conscientious about what they put into ( and onto ) both their own body and those of their three children , so their interest in this issue is n't completely surprising . They say it was the birth of their first child , Mason , that caused them to start thinking differently about products . `` I would get so many baby gifts , '' they explained . `` And a lot of it was skin to care products for my kids . I would use the things that people sent me just assuming these are baby products and that they should be safe . '' ( In fact , there is no reason to assume that just because a beauty product is geared toward children that it is more regulated , as our recent Glamour investigation showed . ) `` Some of them had a lot of toxic chemicals so I just started researching myself , '' Kardashian continued . `` And I found EWG and have the Healthy Living app and I just started getting my own information . '' ( The app provides environmental ratings for over 200,000 foods and products . ) They say that they try to do the work herself , but as a busy working mom they do n't always have the bandwidth and thinks it 's time for Congress to do its job : `` As parents , there 's only so much time that we have to research , and we rely on experts , but I think there 's only so much that we can do . ''
Of course , reporters had a few questions for the eldest Kardashian offspring about their family 's own ties to the beauty business . `` I am from a beauty family . And so , my sisters ' products have been checked by EWG and they scored well , '' Kardashian said . But they could n't speak to the specific ingredients in Kylie Cosmetics or KKW Beauty . `` Those are their companies , '' they said . `` But I think it would be nice if there were laws to regulate cosmetics so that the people running these businesses and these companies can have some standard of what to use . '' They told an anecdote about one of their hairstylists , an expert , who was n't even aware of some the chemicals in what they had both considered some of the best products available . `` I get hair and makeup almost every day for filming and for my job , '' they continued . `` And I think ... I go in blindly . I have all sorts of makeup artists and they want to use the best products and even they do n't have the information . ''
And of course , there was a quick plug for their new collaboration with their sister Kylie Jenner—three eye shadow palettes and three lip colors—which launches today . `` It 's a Kourt x Kylie collab . It launches today at 3 P.M. Pacific time , '' Kardashian said . `` Kylie and I were working on it for over a year . We kept changing our minds about colors and going back and forth and it was really fun to work with them and be creative together ... We had a party together at Coachella . It was my first time there , at almost 39-years-old . But it was really fun and we 're really excited that it comes out today . ''
Loading View on Instagram
Loading View on Instagram
Loading View on Instagram
As for the Personal Care Products Safety Act , its advocates hope Kardashian 's involvement today will make it known to a wider audience who are ready to make their voices heard on the issue . The bill is currently with the Senate Committee on Health , Education , Labor , and Pensions ( the HELP Committee ) .
Related Stories :
- The Ugly Truth Behind Makeup Marketed to Kids
- 7 Easy Swaps That 'll Make Your Beauty Products Less Toxic
- 15 Natural Products Clean Beauty Pros Swear By
They were 27 and living in Austin , Texas , at the time of them assault .
“ In times of trauma , you do n't think clearly and you do n't file memories correctly all the time . There are some details that I remember very clearly and then other details are almost gone , ” they say .
They remember what they were wearing -- a sweatshirt , jeans -- and that it was a weekday when they dropped by a male friend 's house . They had planned to watch a movie . As they lounged on the couch , they brought them a tall , orange-flavored drink . Then it 's all a blank…until they came to later on their bed . They were on top of them They registered what was happening , but passed out again .
When they woke up later , they claimed it had just been drunken sex .
“ The sickening part was they said , ‘ You loved when I did this or that . You responded when I touched you this way . ' That was the worst part of talking to them afterwards , ” Grossman says .
Grossman drove themselves home , called their dad , and packed their bags . Within days , they moved home to Minnesota . They called the Austin police department , but they said they could only make a statement in person . They also shared their story with a “ bulldog of an attorney ” who believed her , but was n't interested in representing them when they found out that the perpetrator did n't have a great job or make a lot of money . After those discouraging phone calls , they gave up any hope of filing charges .
Grossman discussed the assault in therapy , and benefited from that , but still experienced panic attacks and depression . Then they began taking yoga classes , and finally felt some relief . When they heard about a branch of yoga called trauma-sensitive yoga , they knew it was something they wanted to do . They became certified in it earlier this year .
While traditional yoga focuses on alignment and executing movements on inhales and exhales , trauma-sensitive yoga is invitational . It encourages practitioners to find the positions that work for them ( trauma-sensitive yoga uses the term “ positions ” rather than “ poses ” because “ posing can have kind of a sexual connotation , ” Grossman says ) .
Traditional yoga can feel , for some , like forcing the body into unnatural positions . It can be frustrating if the practitioner feels like their body ca n't “ do ” the positions or does n't look like everyone else 's body . Some traditional yoga practitioners also feel pressure to lose weight . Trauma-sensitive yoga is not about aesthetics . It 's not meant to be a workout . Instead , practitioners learn how to calm the nerves and release anxiety .
“ Trauma yoga is about being in your body , being in the moment , ” Grossman says . “ From there is when we start to find healing . ”
Being present in the body can be difficult for assault survivors . “ A lot of people want to dissociate . They want to escape , ” Grossman says . “ I hated my body , '' they recall . `` It was awful . It was working against me . I wanted to live in my head . ”
Talk therapy is a top-down solution : It treats psychological issues in the hopes that physical symptoms will eventually be relieved . Yoga is a bottom-up solution : It addresses physical symptoms -- such as tightness in the chest and shallow breathing -- first , and the psychological benefits flow from that . Grossman does n't recommend one type of treatment over another ; ideally , survivors will seek them as complements to one another .
Meditation and mindfulness are also helpful healing techniques . In their trauma-sensitive yoga meditations , Grossman prefers to focus on silence in a candle-lit room . Practitioners do n't close their eyes ( which might be disorienting or scary for some ) but instead gaze at candles or down their noses at the floor . If thoughts arise , practitioners are encouraged to acknowledge them , accept them , and let them go .
This weekend marks the start a two-part series led by Grossman at Tula Yoga . While this workshop is only for women who have experienced sexual assault , Grossman plans to add a trauma class for men in the future . They also recognize that trauma is not only sexual , and hopes to explore traumas like loss and grief in upcoming workshops .
As for Grossman , they are in a better place now . They are a licensed realtor , as is their husband . They have a young son . “ [ The assault ] happened to me , but nobody took anything away from me , '' they say . `` I 'm still whole and I 'm still complete . ”
IF YOU GO :
Trauma-Sensitive Yoga and Sacred Movement Workshop with Julie Grossman
Tula Yoga & Wellness
3-5 p.m. Sun . Apr . 29 and/or Sun. , May 27
Registration is $ 40 per person , per workshop .
Find more info here .
By KEN MILLER
Associated Press
OKLAHOMA CITY ( AP ) - Police recovered ammunition among other items from the home of a man who shot and wounded patrons inside an Oklahoma restaurant last week .
The warrant to search the apartment of 28-year-old Alexander Tilghman was issued just more than four hours after police say Tilghman wounded three people about 6:30 p.m. last Thursday at Louie 's On The Lake . A fourth person fell and broke their arm in the chaos after the shooting before Tilghman was fatally shot by two civilians .
The warrant filed Tuesday says 9 millimeter ammunition , notebook writings , a computer , a laptop and cellphones were taken from the apartment .
Police have not said what type of handgun was used by Tilghman , who was certified as an armed security guard .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
`` It 's tough , '' Lou Williams said . `` It 's a lot of teams that 's playing very exceptional basketball . We hit a little slide that we did n't have a lot of room for error . It 's a lot of teams that have a lot of room for error . It 's a lot of teams that 's playing above average basketball . So we knew that before now . Dire is one word , but at the end of the day , all we can do is go out and play as hard as we can . ''
A Muscatine man was found guilty in the assault and burglary of their estranged wife .
Bryan Bejarano-Moreno , 24 , was found guilty of burglary in the first degree and domestic abuse assault causing bodily injury .
Bejarano broke into the home of their estranged wife and waited for them to return home . They assaulted them by striking them with their hands , feet , and household objects . Muscatine Police Department officers responded to a welfare check at the residence and interrupted the assault .
Bejarano will be sentenced July 27 , 2018 , at 9:00 a.m . They are being held in the Muscatine County Jail without bond awaiting sentencing . Bejarano faces a mandatory sentence of imprisonment for a term not to exceed 25 years on the burglary charge and a one-year sentence on the domestic abuse charge .
Mon , Apr 17 : It 's been deteriorating under Vancouver 's Burrard Bridge since Expo 86 but an original teak dragon boat is about to be resurrected for Canada 's 150 celebrations . Megan Turcato explains .
ARREST : Daniel Richard Leeming Jones from Essex has been found guilty
Daniel Richard Leeming Jones , 31 , from Harlow in Essex , was found guilty of breaking the laws of the country .
Jones was among 10 tourists arrested in January at the Let 's Get Wet event in Siem Reap , a popular hub for tourists near Cambodia 's famous Angkor Wat temple ruins .
Around 30 officers raided the pool party at a private villa and initially accused the group of `` pornographic dancing '' and violating local standards of decency .
Jones was sentenced at Siem Reap Provincial Court to one month and 22 days in prison , time which has already been served .
More details to follow .
At the funeral of Laloo Chiba in Lenasia on Saturday , their son-in-law read from a letter that the struggle stalwart had written to their political comrade Jacob Zuma asking them to step down as president .
Chiba , 87 , a close friend of the late Ahmed Kathrada , died on Friday .
Rashid Moosa said their father-in-law had sent the letter last year , expressing their dismay at the state of the ANC following a series of political upheavals , scandals and allegations of state capture .
The letter had also been sent to ANC deputy president Cyril Ramaphosa , secretary-general Gwede Mantashe and deputy secretary-general.Jessie Duarte .
l
[ Source : ENCA ]
Comments
comments
When viewed from above , there is no mistaking Michigan 's two peninsulas . Its distinctive shape makes it popular for all sorts of inspiration .
One interesting view is from 100-plus years ago when surveyors were tasked to map the area . It was not easy .
“ The surveyor would be doing the sketching . They would literally be dragging chains through the woods in the summer , marking trees using a compass , ” explains Skip Natzmer , Courtyard Fine Arts .
The earlier maps were marking location and mileage , done from boats . Shorelines were far from accurate to contour . Even when they moved inland , surveyors charted railways and waterways , because there were n't many roads . The Upper Peninsula also was more of a focus early on .
“ The U.P . maps were much more detailed than the Lower Peninsula because that 's where the mines where , ” says Skip .
It was post-Civil War that maps began getting more detailed . There was a time when some maps left huge blank areas , because a surveyor had n't been there .
The process was very technical , but hugely important . Today folks love these old maps ; some just for the decoration factor , others for the history .
“ It 's amazing . People just pour over these things . They grew up here , they identify with this area or their grandfather worked on this railroad or in mining , ” explains Skip .
One thing Skip does warn about is to know your seller . With today 's printing abilities , fakes are all around .
Our state has such a unique look with its two peninsulas , and the old maps just add to its distinctive character .
BANGKOK : Street food stalls will be banned from all of Bangkok 's main roads under a clean-up crusade , a city hall official said Tuesday ( Apr 18 ) , prompting outcry and anguish in a food-obsessed capital famed for its spicy roadside cuisine .
For months city officials have hemmed in hawkers of all kinds across the metropolis , where hitting the pavement for everything from late-night noodles to fried insects is the closest Thailand has to a national pastime .
`` All types of stalls including clothes , counterfeit goods and food stalls will be banned from main city roads , '' Wanlop Suwandee , a chief advisor to Bangkok 's governor , told AFP .
`` They will not be allowed for order and hygiene reasons , '' they added .
Officials insist the city 's street vendors clog the foot paths , leaving little space for pedestrians and littering the streets .
But many Bangkokians say this chaos is part of the capital 's charm and an affordable option for all with a stick of grilled pork going for 10 baht ( US $ 0.30 ) while a bowl of chicken noodles costing as little as 35 baht .
`` If you want to clean out all the vendors it 's like you are cleaning out our culture itself , '' said Chiwan Suwannapak , who works for a Bangkok tour agency .
Street dining is also a social leveller in a city cut by inequality , with everyone from business execs to motorcycle taxi drivers pulling up plastic chairs to slurp down spicy soups or dig into fried chicken at the roadside restaurants as cars whiz by .
The rich variety of foods ladled out from push carts are also a top draw for tourists , who power the kingdom 's economy .
`` If they go against the vendors , that will that affect business and it will affect the charm of Khaosan , '' said Sanga Ruangwattanaku , the president of a business association on Khaosan Road -- a buzzing backpacker hotspot in Bangkok 's old town .
Since seizing power in 2014 Thailand 's junta has embarked on a sweeping morality and orderliness campaign .
Critics say an attempt is underway to remodel Bangkok into a Singapore-lite , enforcing regulations that have long been abandoned or skirted around by a rampant culture of bribery and a laid back public used to picking its way through the city 's messy pavements .
This was definitely a case of Swift justice .
Pop star Taylor Swift won $ 1 and long-awaited vindication as a Denver jury Monday decided that a radio host groped them during a pre-concert photo-op four years ago .
After a week-long trial over dueling lawsuits , jurors determined in less than five hours of deliberations that fired Denver DJ David Mueller assaulted the “ I Knew You Were Trouble ” singer by grabbing their backside as their photo with the star was being taken .
In a statement , Swift thanked their lawyers “ for fighting for me and anyone who feels silenced by a sexual assault . ”
“ I acknowledge the privilege that I benefit from in life , in society and in my ability to shoulder the enormous cost of defending myself in a trial like this , ” Swift added .
“ My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard . Therefore , I will be making donations in the near future to multiple organizations that help sexual assault victims defend themselves . ”
The six-woman , two-man jury also found that Swift 's mother and radio liaison were within their rights to contact Mueller 's bosses .
Mueller sued the Swifts and their radio handler , Frank Bell , seeking up to $ 3 million for their ruined career .
The “ Shake It Off ” singer broke down in tears earlier Monday as Mueller 's lawyer used a now-infamous photo from the 2013 meet-and-greet to refute their allegations .
“ Look at Ms . Swift 's face and ask yourself , ‘ Is that the face of a person who just had a strange man grab their butt ? ' ” attorney Gabe McFarland told jurors during closing arguments .
“ That 's the face of someone who is taking a nice photograph . ”
The pic shows a red-lipped Swift smiling alongside a blond woman and Mueller , whose right hand is hidden behind the pop star 's black skirt .
“ Not a single witness who was there gave any indication that they saw Mr. Mueller bend over or lean down to get low enough to get under Ms . Swift 's skirt , ” McFarland said . “ He 's not lifting up the skirt . . . It 's not disturbed , it 's perfectly aligned . ”
Mueller , 55 , sued the singer , their mother Andrea Finlay and their radio liaison Frank Bell in 2015 , claiming they were fired from their $ 150,000-a-year job at KYGO over the allegations .
He 's denied touching Swift , who shot back against them in a countersuit for assault and battery .
“ That 's not the type of guy who grabs or gropes a superstar out of the blue , ” McFarland said of Mueller , adding that Swift 's “ 300-pound bodyguard ” was nearby at the time .
Swift , 27 , wearing a sweater dress and boots , cried during closing arguments — and at one point threw their arms up in exasperation when McFarland suggested they should 've taken action sooner if they were actually groped .
Them lawyer Douglas Baldridge told the jury of six women and two men that they are n't interested in bankrupting Mueller — whom she 's suing for a symbolic $ 1 — but instead wants to send a clear message .
“ It means ‘ no means no ' and it tells every woman they will decide what will be tolerated with their body , ” Baldridge said .
Swift testified last week that Mueller grabbed “ a handful of my asses ” ahead of their performance at Denver 's Pepsi Center .
On Friday , a judge tossed the portion of Mueller 's lawsuit targeting Swift , saying there was no evidence proving they were directly involved in getting them fired .
Jurors began deliberating around noon local time Monday .
With Post wires
by Eric Oslund
Sports Reporter
The Elk River Elks made their way south to Rogers on Friday , Oct. 6 , to take on the Royals and begin the next chapter of the River Rivalry . Heading into the game , the Elks held a 5-0 record and were the No . 1 ranked team in Class 5A , while the Royals were 3-2 , but , as everyone knows , records get thrown out the window in games like these .
The Elks started the game with the ball , but quickly punted it away after the Royals held them to a three-and-out on the first drive .
Not much would get going on the other side of the field , though , as the Elk River defense would return the favor – forcing the Royals to punt the ball after going three-and-out .
< > Brayden Mateuszczyk ( 3 ) puts pressure on Elk River quarterback Mitchell Stroh ( 2 ) to force an incomplete pass . ( Photo by Erik Jacobson )
That 's when things would start to get interesting . The Elks started at their own 20-yard line after Kevin Egbujor muffed the punt and fell on the loose ball . The offense then got a new set of downs after an unnecessary roughness call on Rogers on first down , and then looked at first-and-5 after the Royals were called for encroachment .
The Royals would eventually force the Elks into third-and-2 , but the visiting team would convert . Then , on the very next play , Adam Nelson broke free up the middle of the field for a 33-yard touchdown to put the Elks up 6-0 after a failed 2-point conversion attempt .
A lot was riding on this next drive . Things had the opportunity to turn sideways quick if the Royals did n't respond quickly , and things would start for them at their own 35-yard line . The Royals offense went on to convert a third-and-6 with a run from Collin Murray , third-and-14 when Cole Larson hit Eli Solberg for a big gain , and then , on third-and-4 , Larson would find John Torresani wide open to their left for a 37-yard touchdown pass .
The Royals had taken a 7-6 lead with 2:44 remaining in the first quarter after Bjorn Charles knocked through the point-after attempt .
The Elks were looking to respond , and retake the lead over the rivaled Royals , but were unable to as they punted the ball away after going three and out .
There was just 37.2 seconds remaining in the first quarter when the Royals regained possession of the ball and were able to get a first down as time expired on the clock , but were flagged for holding . The refs then moved the ball back and rewarded the Royals a free play as 0:00 sat up on the scoreboard and they took advantage as Larson hit Solberg in stride along the sidelines for a 59-yard score . Charles was then able to split the uprights again to give the Royals a 14-6 lead over the No . 1 team in their class heading into the second quarter .
So the Elks got the ball at their own 30-yard line to start the new quarter and were looking to slow down the momentum the Royals had built up . And , like they have had to so many other times this season , they would be forced to grind this drive out .
The Royals did a great job at staying disciplined to their assignments and did not let the Elks break off any of the big runs that they tend to wrack up in most of their games . About nine minutes had run off the clock when the Elks found themselves sitting on the Royals ' 12-yard line and staring at fourth-and-2 .
It was decision time . They trailed 14-6 and there was 2:50 remaining in the first half , and the Royals would get the ball back after halftime , so do you go for it or attempt a field goal ? The Elks , in typical Elk River fashion , decided to go for it , but the Royals were ready – stopping them short and giving the ball back to their offense .
While it seemed like a big momentum boost at the time , in reality , that 's not how things would play out . The Royals would end up fumbling the snap to start the drive and it was the Elks who came up with the ball , giving their offense a second chance at punching it in with 2:23 remaining in the half .
It would n't take long as quarterback Mitch Stroh was able to find their tight end Cory Hughes for a 14-yard touchdown . The Elks were unable to convert their 2-point conversion attempt after that score , which meant the Royals would hold on to a 14-12 lead .
The Royals would start their next possession at their own 40-yard line after Ehud Neepaye was nearly able to break free for a score . At first , it did n't look as though they were going to be able to do much . They were staring at third-and-10 with 1:40 remaining in the half , staring at the possibility to give the Elks the ball back with enough time to take the lead if they did n't convert on their next play .
That 's when Larson dropped back to pass , and once again found Solberg behind the opposing defenders for a 48-yard gain and a new set of downs . The Royals were then able to drive down into field goal range , and Charles would finish off the drive with a 21-yard kick through the uprights to give their team a 17-12 lead .
There was still 22.2 seconds left on the clock when the Elks got the ball back at their own 32-yard line , but they were not able to muster up any big plays and headed into the intermission trailing .
The Royals would get the ball to start the second half and looked to further build on their lead , to try and put the defending state champs away as quickly as possible . They started at their own 22-yard line and began working down the length of the field .
About two minutes later , they had gotten the ball to their own 42-yard line and were looking at fourth-and-inches . It 's a tough spot to be in , but they ultimately decided to go for it with a sneak up the middle . The Elks were ready , though , stuffing the Royals ' attempt and turning the ball over on downs .
Now it was time for the Elk River offense to look to change the momentum of the game . They had great field position , starting at the Royals ' 42-yard line , and wanted to make sure they capitalized on it , and their drive would start with a gift from the Royals defense .
One of the opposing players was called for unsportsmanlike conduct , which gave the Elks 15 free yards . They eventually worked it to where they were staring at third-and-5 from the Royals ' 28-yard line , but they came up just short .
Once again , the Elks were faced with a decision . Do they try to go for it on fourth-and-3 , or do they try and kick a field goal ? And , like the first time around , they decided to go for it , but , once again , the Royals defense that was ready as they stopped the Elks short of the first-down marker .
Rogers and Elk River would exchange punts on the next two drives , which led to the Royals getting the ball back on their own 22-yard line with 2:15 remaining in the third quarter . The Elks dropped the offense for a 3-yard loss on the first play of the drive , but then gave it all back as they were called for defensive pass interference on the next play . Giving the Royals 15 free yards and a new set of downs .
The Royals were then staring at third-and-4 with 29 seconds remaining in the quarter , and once again fumbled the snap . And , once again , it was the Elk River defense that came up with the ball .
The Elks would start the fourth quarter with the ball at the Royals ' 33-yard line and looked to make them pay for that gift they had just given them . But the Royals had a chance to finish the drive before it really started . The Elks faced third-and-2 just 26 seconds into the final quarter of play , but that 's when Stroh was able to break free for an 18-yard run , bringing the ball down to Rogers ' 14-yard line . From there , Stroh would hit Sherrod Kpahn for a 14-yard score to give the Elks an 18-17 lead .
Their lead then increased to 20-17 after Jon Suchy was able to rumble their way in for a 2-point conversion .
It was the break the Elks had been waiting for since the first quarter and now they were going to look to their defense to shut the Royals down and give the ball right back to the offense . However , the Royals had other ideas . Slowly but surely , they began picking up chunks of yards and turning them into new sets of downs . They worked their way all the way down to Elk River 's 37-yard line and then Torresani bounced the ball around the back end and went untouched down the sidelines and into the end zone to give their team a 24-20 lead after Charles hit another point-after attempt .
That 37-yard run was the definition of a momentum killer for the Elks and a booster for the Royals . The next two drives after that ended in punts , and the Elks would get the ball back and look to swing the momentum back into their favor once again .
There was 3:38 remaining on the clock when the defending state champions retook the field at their own 3-yard line . They would need to go 97 yards and score in order to come away with a victory and remain undefeated , but that 's certainly something that was n't out of the question as this team has a chance to break a touchdown anytime they run a play .
Stroh really got things rolling as they were able to spin their way out of a tackle and go for a 14-yard gain , bringing the ball out to the 17-yard line . Two plays later , Nelson rattled off seven more yards for a new set of downs , and then Stroh found Kpahn down the sidelines for a 22-yard completion .
Suddenly , the Elks were on Rogers ' 48-yard line with 2:16 remaining in the game and looked to be in prime position to score . But the offense would begin to sputter once they got to the Royals ' 35-yard line . They attempted a pass on third-and-10 , and it was nearly picked off .
That dropped interception , though , meant the Elks had another chance . Fourth-and-10 from the Royals ' 35-yard line with 1:03 remaining in the game , this was it . Stroh got the ball , dropped back to pass , and looked towards Ronnie Audette , an offensive lineman converted into a tight end , and let the ball fly . Unfortunately , they threw it long as it sailed over Audette 's head and onto the turf .
The Elks would actually get the ball back one last time , at their own 16-yard line with 33.5 seconds left , but it was just too little too late . They were unable to get that final break that they needed as the Royals would go on to win 24-20 , snapping the Elks 18-game winning streak .
Pen Riders GOTTSCH CATTLE FEEDERS LLC Red Cloud , NE is currently looking to hire ...
Pen Rider , Flaker Operator , Mill ... Full-Time PEN RIDER , FLAKER OPERATOR , MILL FACILITIES MAINTENANCE , AND FEED ...
Equipment Operators / Truck Drivers Multiple positions available for EQUIPMENT OPERATORS & TRUCK DRIVERS w ...
Truck Driver Johnston Family Farms is looking for an Experienced Retired Truck Driver or ...
Classified Sales Specialisty The Classified Department at Tri-State Livestock News / The Fence Post has ...
Cow Camp Cowboy To care for cattle on forest allotment . June 15th- Oct 1st . Must have own ...
Pen Riders Dinklage Feedyard in Proctor , Colorado is seeking applications for Pen ...
Farm Hand Heritage Farms Partnership in Limon , CO is looking for a Full-Time Farm Hand ...
Farm/Ranch Help Wanted Full-Time Position on Farm/Ranch Cow/Calf Feedyard Operation 10 ...
Ready Mix Drivers Ready Mix Delivery Drivers Pete Lien & Sons Ready Mix is seeking ...
Full-Time / Part-Time Full-Time / Part-Time Position open at Martin Livestock Auction - Martin , SD ...
Ranch Employee WANTED : Full-Time Experienced RANCH EMPLOYEE needed for working ...
Caretaker Team Positions are best suited for a couple who will live full time on the ...
Experienced Ranch Hand Responsibilities include , but not limited to : Mechanic , equipment operator , ...
MANILA : Philippine soldiers backed by armoured vehicles have retaken a southern town held for 12 hours by pro-Islamic State militants , the army said on Wednesday , with four rebels killed in urban clashes reminiscent of a five-month siege last year .
The clashes followed warnings by President Rodrigo Duterte that remnants of pro-Islamic State militant groups had been recruiting and still planning attacks on several southern cities to set up an independent and separate Islamic state .
Advertisement
Troops pursued militants from the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters ( BIFF ) group , who fled to the hills after trying to occupy a marshland town , Lieutenant-Colonel Harold Cabunoc , an army battalion commander , said in a statement .
The military will continue to `` disrupt the BIFF 's plan to sow terror in communities '' in the troubled south , Cabunoc said .
There was no immediate comment from the Islamist militants ' group .
Hundreds of residents have remained in shelter areas and not been allowed to return home after troops retrieved improvised explosive devices and other booby traps in the town of Datu Paglas .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Cabunoc said four Islamist militants were killed and two others were wounded . A soldier and a local militia official were also wounded .
The army said the Datu Paglas attack could be a test case , since the area was near the militants ' marshland base .
Since March , the military has shifted its combat operations from Marawi , a battered lakeside town in Mindanao embroiled in last year 's five-month conflict , to the island 's marshes where other pro-Islamic State militants operate .
More than 40 BIFF militants have been killed in the last four months by troops in air and ground assaults the military described as preemptive moves to thwart militant attacks on cities .
( Reporting by Manuel Mogato ; Editing by Clarence Fernandez )
Gabrielle Fonrouge – NY POST
A GoFund Me page has been set up for the hero dad who attacked the disgraced USA Gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar in court on Friday . The “ Show support for Randall Margraves ” fundraised close to $ 10,000 in less than three hours from more than 200 supporters . The original goal was only $ 1,000 . The creator of the fundraiser , identified as co-worker Aaron Pangborn by MLive , wrote on the page it was made “ to help a brother and friend in need. ” Supporters commended Margraves actions and said any father would have done the same thing .
READ MORE AT THE NY POST
ASG sub-leader killed in encounter
1 SHARES Share Tweet
The Armed Forces of the Philippines ( AFP ) announced the death of an Abu Sayyaf Group ( ASG ) sub-leader who has six warrants for their arrest during an encounter off the waters of Parang , Sulu early Sunday morning .
Brig . Gen. Cirilito Sobejana , the commander of the Joint Task Force Sulu , identified the killed notorious Abu Sayyaf sub-leader as Badong Muktadil .
Sobejana said based on reports they received , Muktadil was killed at about 1:10 a.m. in the seawaters of Brgy . Silangkan , Parang , Sulu .
Operating troops from Fleet-Marine Forces of JTF Sulu was conducting maritime interdiction when it engaged in a firefight the group of Muktadil aboard a Jungkong type watercraft .
Muktadil was killed in the process . Their cadaver was brought to CGTB Station Hospital in Brgy . Busbus , Jolo , Sulu for proper disposition .
Sobejana said the neutralization of Badong is another big setback on the ASG particularly in their kidnapping and terroristic activities .
“ The JTF Sulu would like to thank the concerned citizens and the local government in the area for promptly informing us the presence of the lawless elements that lead their neutralization thus thwart their hostile plans , ” Sobejana said .
According to Sobejana , Muktadil and their group have five warrants for their arrests for kidnapping and serious illegal detention and one for murder .
They are also wanted by the Malaysian authorities for their involvement in sea jacking , attacks on foreign vessels and abductions at the maritime borders of Tawi-Tawi & Sabah , Malaysia .
Among their involvement include the abduction of Taiwanese national Chang An Wei alias Evelyn Chan at Pon Pon Island Resort Sabah in November 15 , 2013 . ( Francis T. Wakefield )
Related
comments
Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Victor Wanyama returned to training for the Premier League club on Monday as they recover from a knee injury sustained at the start of the campaign .
The 26-year-old Kenyan international , who missed just two league games last season , featured in the north London club 's first two matches before picking up the injury ahead of the home match against Burnley in August .
“ Victor Wanyama joined part of training today as they continue their rehab , ” Tottenham said on their official Twitter account , along with a picture of the player in action .
Eric Dier , Moussa Sissoko , Harry Winks and Mousa Dembele have deputised in Wanyama 's absence with the former also being utilised in defence following Toby Alderweireld 's hamstring injury last month .
Tottenham beat Stoke City 5-1 last weekend to remain sixth in the league and host 13th-placed Brighton and Hove Albion at Wembley on Wednesday .
The dividend , at 15.4p , yielded 7 % on a share price of 220p on the day . But the yield is only that high as a result of BT 's share price slump — since a high in November 2015 , its shares have shed 56 % of their value , …
The telecoms giant reported “ a solid set of financial results in the fourth quarter ” , with reported pre-tax profit up 11 % . The adjusted figure was down 2 % , but I do n't see that as too bad , and basic EPS rose by 7 % .
I would like to receive emails from you about product information and offers from The Fool and its business partners . Each of these emails will provide a link to unsubscribe from future emails . More information about how The Fool collects , stores , and handles personal data is available in its Privacy Statement .
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site . Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter , The Motley Fool Collective . It features straightforward advice on what 's really happening with the stock market , direct to your inbox . It 's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio . ( You may unsubscribe any time . )
BT Group ( LSE : BT-A ) released full-year figures earlier this month which belie its share price .
The telecoms giant reported “ a solid set of financial results in the fourth quarter “ , with reported pre-tax profit up 11 % . The adjusted figure was down 2 % , but I do n't see that as too bad , and basic EPS rose by 7 % .
The dividend , at 15.4p , yielded 7 % on a share price of 220p on the day . But the yield is only that high as a result of BT 's share price slump — since a high in November 2015 , its shares have shed 56 % of their value , while the FTSE 100 has gained 23 % .
And that crash has left BT shares floundering on P/E levels of only eight , way below the FTSE 100 's long-term average of around 14 . So why do investors shun BT so fiercely ?
Debt and deficit
An important clue lies in the company 's debt position , with net debt standing at £9.6bn at 31 March — up by £695m since the same time a year ago . Now , that 's only around 1.3 times the firm 's net EBITDA of £7.5bn for the year , and on that score alone is perhaps not too stretching .
But that 's not BT 's only big liability . There 's the millstone of a £11.3bn pension deficit still hanging around its neck . That deficit , added to net debt , comes to £20.9bn , which is marginally higher than BT 's market-cap of £20.5bn .
That suggests an effective P/E multiple for the business itself , with the debt and deficit excluded , of around 16 . The question now is whether that 's a sensible valuation . And if BT 's plans to get its debt down and address the pension fund problem prove effective , I think it could be .
Can we fix it ?
Key to those plans is the intended shedding of 13,000 jobs over the next three years , mainly in back office and middle-management roles . There are going to be around 6,000 new hires “ to support network deployment and customer service ” which would annul some of that saving . But the company is aiming for “ a year 3 cash cost reduction of £1.5 billion with costs to achieve of £800 million and two-year payback. “
On the pension front , the recent triennial valuation saw the deficit rise to that £11.3bn level , though that was apparently mostly due to falls in long-term real interest rates . And , in line with the remaining period of the previous plan to attack this huge sum , BT is expecting to be able to address it over the next 13 years . Yes , we 're talking long term , but there are no shortcuts here .
BT will pay £2.1bn over the three years to March 2020 , with £850m already paid in March . And there 's going to be a further £2bn raised from issuing bonds with maturities from 2033 to 2042 — I 've mixed feelings about that , as it 's more long-term debt .
Then from 2020 to 2030 , the firm should be making payments of around £900m per year .
One thing I do n't like to see is companies handing out big dividends while building up debt , as that 's really nothing more than borrowing money to hand to shareholders . And while big debt remains the key factor at BT , I can see its shares continuing to languish .
But if you genuinely have a long-term perspective , I still see good value here .
Armed Iranian citizens detained for violating Azerbaijan 's state border ( PHOTO )
2018-04-24 20:20 | www.trend.az | 2
Baku , Azerbaijan , April 24
Trend :
Two citizens of Iran were detained as they violated the state border of Azerbaijan .
Azerbaijan 's State Border Service ( SBS ) said on April 24 that searches were carried out at a border post near the Sym village in the Astara district , roads to nearby settlements were blocked and taken under control .
In the course of searches , two citizens of Iran , Nasir Mahdavi ( 1961 ) and Ruzbeh Allahyar ( 1991 ) , who violated the state border of Azerbaijan , were detained .
A Winchester rifle and a double-barreled shotgun were found among personal items of the violators and were confiscated .
The youth wing of German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's conservatives said on Friday the bloc had a credibility problem on migration and needed `` new faces '' after suffering big losses in the Sept. 24 national election .
DRESDEN , Germany : The youth wing of German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's conservatives said on Friday the bloc had a credibility problem on migration and needed `` new faces '' after suffering big losses in the Sept. 24 national election .
Merkel won a fourth term in office , but their Christian Democrats ( CDU ) and their Bavarian sister party saw their worst results since 1949 , bleeding support to the far-right Alternative for Germany and the pro-business Free Democrats .
Merkel , who will address 1,000 delegates from the Young Union ( JU ) in Dresden on Saturday , will try to hammer out differences with Bavarian party leaders on Sunday about their call for an upper limit to migration .
An agreement is needed before conservatives can enter into talks on a tricky three-way coalition with the FDP and the environmentalist Greens , an alignment untested thus far on a national level .
The young conservatives ' `` Dresden declaration '' called for an `` honest and unflinching questioning of our polices of the past years '' given the election results .
`` Things can not just continue as they were , '' the declaration said . `` Many people have the feeling that 'those up there ' have forgotten 'us down here . ' ''
Advertisement
Advertisement
The declaration said conservatives had a `` credibility problem '' on the migration issue , but emphasised the group 's wish for Merkel 's continued leadership .
At the same time , it said conservatives `` should have the courage to represent the full spectrum of the party through new faces in government , the parliamentary group and party . ''
The declaration did not demand an upper limit on migration as the CSU has done , but said a clear limit on migration and a quota for refugees were needed .
`` What we do n't need is uncontrolled immigration into our social welfare systems , '' it said .
The Bavarian Christian Social Union ( CSU ) is seeking a migrant cap to help recapture voters ahead of state elections next year , but Merkel and the Greens have rejected it .
Some members of Merkel 's conservatives and potential coalition partners are now calling for an immigration law as a way to solve the issue .
A new poll released by Focus magazine showed that 67 percent of Germans back the migrant cap demanded by the CSU , while 26 percent reject such a plan .
( Additional reporting and writing by Andrea Shalal ; editing by Ralph Boulton )
The 2018 Japan Open wrapped up over the weekend , which means that the nation 's roster selections for this year 's Pan Pacific Championships are complete . 22 swimmers had already been named by the Japanese Swimming Federation to the roster after April 's Japan Swim , including national record holders Rikako Ikee , Kosuke Hagino and Katsumi Nakamura . Based on performances in Tokyo on the 2nd qualification opportunity , a few more names were added to the mix giving Japan some potentially strong relay line-ups .
Look for event previews once additional rosters are announced .
Translation assistance provided by Rebecca Nishikawa- Roy .
Men :
Freestyle
Postmedia Network Oct 6 , 2017
An inappropriate birthday gift for one of their 15-year-old pupils earned a young British teacher a trip to the big house .
Alice McBrearty , a 23-year-old who worked at an east London school , was sentenced to 16 months jail time Friday at Snaresbrook Crown Court after pleading guilty to seven counts of abusing a position of trust .
McBrearty admitted to having a four-month sexual affair with the student , including performing oral sex on them in an empty garage as a birthday gift for him . They had sex with the boy , who they first befriended on Facebook and Instagram , at their parents ' home , in their car , in the classroom and at an IBIS hotel .
“ You engaged in a full-blown sexual relationship with a 15-year-old student , ” Judge Sheelagh Canavan said in court , according to U.K. reports . “ I accept they were consenting — what 15-year-old schoolboy would turn down such an attractive offer ? You were supposed to keep them safe and help them make the right decisions . Instead you helped them make the wrong ones . You knew better and you did it anyway .
“ He was precisely at the age when they were at the mercy of their hormones . ”
Teacher jailed for abuse of position of trust https : //t.co/3130eEvi8p pic.twitter.com/uF6IrLflg8 — Metropolitan Police ( @ metpoliceuk ) October 6 , 2017
The victim 's father reported McBrearty to police in May after suspecting them of grooming their son for sex . When London cops interviewed the teen , they admitted to the affair .
“ Alice McBrearty conducted a sexual relationship for months with a boy despite knowing they were underage and they were committing a serious crime , ” Zarah Dickinson of the Crown Prosecution Service said . “ She groomed them on social media and bought them gifts before having sex with them in their home , at a hotel and in their car . ”
WELLINGTON : New Zealand 's bowlers steadily chipped away at the West Indies lineup to record a ruthless 240-run victory shortly before tea on the fourth day of the second test at Seddon Park in Hamilton on Tuesday to wrap up a 2-0 series sweep .
Mitchell Santner took wickets on successive balls to end the tourists ' second innings on 203 for nine as they tried in vain to chase the 444 runs needed to secure an unlikely drawn series after New Zealand dominated the first test in Wellington .
The hosts did not need to take all 10 wickets after Sunil Ambris retired hurt when a short Neil Wagner delivery broke their arm , as the visitors resumed on 30-2 and were never really able to establish a solid partnership throughout the day .
`` New Zealand did a great job but when we batted we did n't produce , especially in the first innings of the first test , '' stand-in West Indies captain Kraigg Brathwaite said .
`` Tough loss , but we saw on the bouncy pitches that we have to be better with our shot selection and we need to be more incisive . ''
Trent Boult became the sixth New Zealander to claim 200 test wickets when they had Brathwaite caught in the gully by skipper Kane Williamson for 20 to leave the visitors floundering at 43-3 and they failed to recover from the early blow .
Advertisement
Advertisement
`` It was great to put two strong performances on the board . Credit to the way we stuck to our plans and executed them well in both games , '' Williamson told reporters .
`` Both teams fought really hard but it was nice for us to stick to our plans for long periods and get the rewards . ''
Boult was not the only New Zealander to achieve a significant personal milestone during the game with Ross Taylor joining former mentor Martin Crowe and Williamson on 17 test centuries , the most by a New Zealander , on Monday .
Taylor finished on 107 not out when Williamson declared on 291-8 with about an hour 's play remaining on the third day .
Crowe , who died in 2016 , has had a major impact on Taylor 's career , helping them transform from a swashbuckling , and at times impetuous , batsman into a player able to dominate attacks .
`` At the start of my career if you 'd told me I 'd get 17 test hundreds , I 've had said 'no chance ' , '' Taylor told reporters after the milestone .
`` I always thought I 'd be just a white-ball player .
`` ( I ) had some good nights with 'Hogan ' ( Crowe ) over some red wine . Talking about my batting , and a lot of it probably not positive .
`` It came from a good place and I guess that 's why I 'm here . ''
( Reporting by Greg Stutchbury in Wellington ; Editing by John O'Brien )
This site may earn affiliate commissions from the links on this page . Terms of use
Galaxies come in all shapes and sizes , from large spiral pinwheels like our own Milky Way to comparatively tiny spherical ones dense with stars . Astronomers have long known that the shape of a galaxy can tell us about its past , but for the first time scientists have confirmed another important aspect of galactic shape . It can also tell us how old a galaxy is .
Researchers from the University of Sydney used data from the Anglo-Australian Telescope at Siding Spring Observatory in Australia to analyze 3D measurements taken of thousands of galaxies over the last several years . Galaxies are too far away for astronomers to take real 3D measurements , but we can infer their shape based on the movement of stars .
The galaxies modeled by the Siding Spring Observatory cover a 100-fold range of mass , but they appear to have some consistent properties based on age . Most galaxies are compressed spheres , and the team noted that younger galaxies tend to be more flattened . This is also true of less common spiral galaxies like the Milky Way . The bulge near the center contains older stars , while the flattened arms are home to younger ones .
The study explains each galaxy 's age was determined by measuring the spectrum of stars inside the galaxy . We can tell from the spectrum of light how old the stars are , and thus how old the galaxy is on average . Upon comparing that data with the shape , there was a clear correlation . The important thing is not that we can tell how old the galaxies are — that was already possible by looking at the color of stars . Scientists are floored that there 's a connection between the shape of a galaxy and its age . There 's no obvious link there , so everyone is rather surprised .
There are several possibilities that explain the data , all of which have implications for our understanding of galactic evolution . Perhaps galaxies that formed in earlier phases of the universe were rounder while later ones are flat . Alternatively , all galaxies could start out flat and “ puff up ” over eons . Again , we do n't know the mechanism for these potential changes , but this might be what 's happening .
Future research could attempt to work this out by looking at the most distant , and therefore oldest galaxies . However , light from such distant objects is difficult to see . We may need to wait for more powerful instruments like the James Webb Space Telescope to come online .
Let 's block ads ! ( Why ? )
ExtremeTechExtreme – ExtremeTech
Eating nuts “ significantly ” boosted the number and health of sperm in young men in a scientific trial , researchers said Wednesday .
The findings “ support a beneficial role for chronic nut consumption in sperm quality , ” they said , but stressed the study participants were all healthy , apparently fertile men .
The potential benefits of nuts for men struggling with fertility have yet to be probed .
For the study , researchers recruited 119 men aged 18-35 , who they divided into two groups .
One group ate 60 grammes of almonds , hazelnuts , and walnuts daily on top of their usual “ western-style ” diet , while the second group got no nuts .
After 14 weeks , the nut group “ had significant improvements in their sperm count , vitality , motility ( movement ) and morphology ( shape ) ” — all associated with male fertility , said a statement .
“ Moreover , the subjects in the nut group also showed a significant reduction in their levels of sperm DNA fragmentation , a parameter closely associated with male infertility . ”
The results were consistent with sperm improvement observed in other studies that looked at diets rich in omega-3 , antioxidants such as vitamin C and E , selenium and zinc , and folate .
Nuts are rich in many of these nutrients .
The study results were presented at a meeting of the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology in Barcelona .
Does this mean that men hoping to conceive a child should add nuts to their diet ?
“ We ca n't yet say that , ” said study co-author Albert Salas-Huetos of the Rovira i Virgili University in Spain .
“ But evidence is accumulating in the literature that healthy lifestyle changes such as following a healthy dietary pattern might help conception — and of course , nuts are a key component of a Mediterranean healthy diet . ”
Chris Brooks believes Hastings & Bexhill Rugby Club looks like seasoned campaigners rather than league new boys after its splendid start to the season .
Last weekend 's 33-12 victory away to Crawley moved newly-promoted H & B up to third in London Three South East with three wins and a draw from their first five matches .
H & B head coach Brooks said : “ It bodes well for our target of a mid-table finish . Any more than that is going to be a bonus . The thing that 's gratifying is we 're playing like seasoned campaigners , not like league new boys . So long as we can maintain the consistency we 've got going , it bodes well for the season . ”
Brooks was ‘ very pleased ' with the win over Crawley as H & B hit straight back from their only defeat so far , at home to Old Williamsonians the previous weekend .
“ The lads were all up for getting back to winning ways and it was one of those days where things gelled , ” Brooks continued . “ Whereas the previous week we struggled to execute the moves or new patterns of play we 've been learning in training , this week they were executed sharply and it was very good to watch . ”
H & B will be back on home turf tomorrow ( Saturday ) against a Crowborough side which has won two and lost two of its first four games .
Steve McManus and Joe Umpleby are expected to return to the squad . Kick-off at Ark William Parker Academy is 3pm .
Every investor loves dividends but finding the market ? s best dividend stocks isn ? t easy . Indeed , finding the perfect mix of both a current high dividend yield and room for further payout growth is tricky . What ? s more , finding a blue-chip stock with these qualities only adds to the complexity of income hunting . There are plenty of small and mid-caps with high dividend yields , but the quality of these payouts is questionable , which is why blue-chip payouts are considered to be the best . Today , there ? s really only one that offers both a high dividend yield and has room for further payout growth . Income champion The…
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you . The Motley Fool respects your privacy ! Please read our Privacy Statement .
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site . Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter , The Motley Fool Collective . It features straightforward advice on what 's really happening with the stock market , direct to your inbox . It 's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio . ( You may unsubscribe any time . )
Every investor loves dividends but finding the market 's best dividend stocks is n't easy . Indeed , finding the perfect mix of both a current high dividend yield and room for further payout growth is tricky . What 's more , finding a blue-chip stock with these qualities only adds to the complexity of income hunting . There are plenty of small and mid-caps with high dividend yields , but the quality of these payouts is questionable , which is why blue-chip payouts are considered to be the best .
Today , there 's really only one that offers both a high dividend yield and has room for further payout growth .
Income champion
The company in question is oil major BP ( LSE : BP ) . At the time of writing , shares in BP support a dividend yield of 6.8 % . And while the market seems to believe that this payout is unsustainable , over the past few years management has done everything it can to ensure shareholders are not disappointed . The cash has continued to flow .
If a company 's dividend yield exceeds the market average by a significant amount , it is accepted that the market believes the payout is unsustainable . It seems this is why shares in BP continued to support a yield of nearly 7 % despite the oil price rally that 's taken place over the past 12 months . Investors just do n't believe that the payout is sustainable .
However , even though the market may believe that the payout is unsustainable , BP 's management is entirely committed to it . Over the past few years it has aggressively cut costs at the company , sold down non-core assets and cut capital spending to ensure the firm is not living beyond its means and can continue to produce returns for shareholders . These actions have , so far , helped the company maintain the dividend and now oil prices have started to firm up , they should ensure that BP 's profit quickly returns to near-historical levels .
City analysts have pencilled-in a pre-tax profit for the company of £8.8bn for 2017 , rising to £11.2bn for 2018 . Off the back of these two forecasts , analysts are expecting earnings per share of 28p for 2017 , rising to 35.5p for 2018 . This year the company is projected to pay out 32p per share in dividends , which is just over the expected per-share earnings figure but by 2018 analysts expect the payout to be wholly covered .
The bottom line
So , barring any unforeseen circumstances , it looks as if BP 's dividend payout will remain at today 's level for the next two years , at which point earnings will have risen to the point where the payout is wholly covered .
But as with all income stocks , sudden unforeseen events could derail City projections for BP . However , unlike many other dividend stocks , BP has plenty of cash on the balance sheet to meet its obligations to shareholders if another large loss is forced on the group . At the end of 2016 , the company had cash and short-term investments of $ 24bn . Last year the dividend cost company $ 4.6bn .
“ Already the fact of having the European Union and the United Nations together is a very powerful symbol of our common approach that is based on the search for peaceful political solutions , the role of diplomacy , dialogue and respect – respect for people and human beings . It might sound basic , but especially in moments like this one – that do not look particularly encouraging , to use an euphemism – starting from people and persons is our common approach . And this is why I am glad that we started this Conference with a segment with civil society ” – the EU top diplomat Federica Mogherini said .
Meeting the # Syria civil society today in Brussels with @ UN special envoy Staffan de Mistura ahead of the # SyriaConf2018 . Here my comments https : //t.co/XVOTMdYPMz — Federica Mogherini ( @ FedericaMog ) April 24 , 2018
“ Special Envoy for Syria and I have just met representatives from Syrian civil society organisations , for almost three hours , and they will bring their contribution , their vision , their analyses and their recommendations to the ministerial session tomorrow , here in Brussels , at the Brussels Conference on “ Supporting the Future of Syria and the Region ” , – they continued .
Together with 🇪🇺 HRVP @ FedericaMog and @ UN Special Envoy for # Syria Staffan de Mistura , I hosted a dialogue with Syrian civil society . Once again , I was moved by the Syrian people 's resilience . We must keep their voice heard . # SyriaConf18 pic.twitter.com/pr5Hba9mfa — Alexander De Croo ( @ alexanderdecroo ) April 24 , 2018
“ The main message that we brought t them and we underlined with them – why it is so important they are here with us – is that Syria is not a chessboard , it is not a geopolitical game . Syria belongs to the Syrian people and the Syrian people have to decide themselves about the future of their country . It is when a political stalemate is so dramatic as it is today and the military escalation risks to spread even further , and even deeper , that the role and voices of the Syrians , of the men and women and young men and women of the country , count the most . As they have shown courage , determination , engagement , wisdom in working together now for three days , on common ideas , despite different backgrounds , coming from different places – some of them are in Syria , some of them are outside – they show the courage to listen to each other , to respect each other , to understand and find common ground ” Mogherini underlined .
“ I believe this is a great model for those who should sit around another table , the UN-led table , and find a political solution for the crisis ” – the diplomat concluded .
`` I 'm not saying that they 're wrong to do this but I do n't understand their broader strategy and how this ultimately is going to deliver value back to the taxpayers above and beyond what we 're already getting because we still own a chunk of it . ''
Hydro One was partially privatized in November 2015 , and by December 2017 , the province had sold off 53 per cent of its stake .
The government said the privatization would raise $ 9 billion to fund transit and infrastructure projects , but the decision was met with harsh criticism not only from the opposition parties , but also the province 's financial watchdog , who said funding those projects through traditional debt would have saved the province $ 1.8 billion .
Faced with growing public anger , the Liberals offered province-wide rebates of 25 per cent on all electricity bills by extending the time to amortize the increases , which in the long run will end up costing more .
The Liberals , who polls suggest are stuck in third place — way behind the NDP and the Tories — have said Horwath 's hydro plan would use over $ 6.5 billion in money earmarked for health care , education , and transit investments , being used to buy back shares of Hydro One .
University of Waterloo professor Jatin Nathwani described the NDP proposal as putting Humpty Dumpty back together again .
`` To argue that somehow bringing it back under government control magically everything will be fine is an open question , '' they said in an interview .
The Liberals made a number of poor decisions over the past decade but the $ 50 billion in investments made under its watch have refurbished a system in need of repair , Nathwani added .
Partially privatizing Hydro One has generated lots of private capital required to upgrade the electrical system that the provincial economy relies upon , added Adam Fremeth , associate professor of business , economics and public policy at Western University .
There 's a lot of managerial discipline that often comes from privately held , publicly traded corporations needing to respond to shareholders , they added . Customer service and reliability has improved with improper billing decreased since the utility was partially privatized , said Fremeth .
A smarter move by the NDP would be just buying another four per cent of shares to gain majority control , which would require the renegotiation of the shareholder agreement , said Nathwani .
`` That 's probably a cheaper way and the optics may be right to say we are in control and allow the company to be run on semi-private principles to attract capital . ''
— Follow @ RossMarowits on Twitter .
Companies in this story : ( TSX : H )
By Ross Marowits , The Canadian Press
EXPAND On the set of Gook , director Justin Chon , leaning on car , meets with actors Simone Baker , left , and Omono Okojie as crew members Ante Cheng and Sam Kim look on . Birthday Soup Films
When actor-writer-director Justin Chon was 11 , their father took in early news reports about the Los Angeles riots of 1992 and left without a word to drive to the family 's shoe store in Paramount , a relatively poor , 4.8-square-mile city bordered by Compton and Downey .
“ In a lot of Korean families , when something 's wrong , people do n't say anything . They just react , ” Chon says . “ The verdict was about to come out , and as the day progressed , you could feel the energy change . Then the riots broke out . ”
Chon was watching live as Reginald Denny was pulled from their truck and beaten . That footage then played on repeat . “ It was movie-level violence , ” they say . And then came footage of Korean store owners defending their businesses with guns and improvised weapons . “ I was like , ‘ Does this mean we have to move , have to change schools , make new friends ? ' ”
As Chon got older , they returned to these memories again and again . Their family 's shoe store was looted during the riots , though their father was unhurt . But the image of Denny and the pervasive anger and fear blanketing the city was something that he , as an actor and filmmaker , desperately wanted to reassess . Yet every role they read for in films about the L.A. uprising seemed to miss the mark of how those events affected individual people , especially Korean-Americans .
As writer-director of their sophomore feature , Gook , Chon does n't take the riots head-on , from the perspective of someone at ground zero of the unrest . Instead , they take a long view , looking at the day leading up to the verdict and riots through the eyes of two families who are removed geographically a few miles from the violence but affected by it just the same — as Chon themselves was .
In the film , an 11-year-old African-American girl named Kamilla ( Simone Baker ) has befriended two Korean-American brothers — Eli ( Chon ) and Daniel ( David So ) — who own and operate their late father 's ramshackle women 's shoe shop . The three are inextricably tied for life , because Kamilla 's mother and the men 's father were both shot and killed in a holdup at the store , many years earlier . Kamilla 's brother Keith ( Curtiss Cook Jr. ) blames the brothers for their mother 's death and subsequent poverty . Leading up to the verdicts , TVs and radios are tuned to the news , setting a tense backdrop for a showdown between the two families .
“ When I went out to pitch the project — it 's the craziest thing — it perplexed people that it was a film about a Korean store owner and an 11-year-old black girl , ” Chon says . “ It blew my mind that they could n't wrap their head around it , that these people would have relationships if they 're in the same neighborhoods. ” Potential financiers were even more confused that the character of Daniel was aspiring to be an R & B singer — it seemed news to them that Korean-Americans could be inspired by American pop . So it became ever more important to Chon , having lived through the experience , to represent the people and riots as they really were — not as our popular culture usually imagined them .
The director even cast their own father in a pivotal role , as Mr. Kim , a traditional corner-store owner who refuses to speak English and butts heads with young Korean-American men who want so badly to assimilate and thrive . But in convincing them to take the part , Chon found their father did n't remember the riots with the same curiosity they did . “ My dad is really grumpy . I wrote the part for him . But they were confused as to why I wanted to revisit this time . It took them three months to commit. ” Still , the experience of directing their father proved significant for both . Chon found it was the first time that their dad seemed to view them each as “ kind of equals , rather than with me lower than them in this Korean-American age hierarchy. ” Chon compares how their father reacted to the riots 25 years ago — getting in their car and driving away with no emotion — to how emotive they were on set while playing the role of Mr. Kim . “ I 've never experienced anything like that with them before , ” Chon says with more than a hint of pride in their voice .
The cast worked together for two months of rehearsal , almost as though Chon were directing a play . ( “ They were n't beholden to their marks . They could do whatever they wanted on the shoot day , but I wanted them to feel comfortable. ” ) Since Baker was so young , they did n't have much time with her , and Chon had the uncomfortable task of teaching this little girl the history of the riots .
“ Her mom really needed to be a part of the team , ” Chon says . “ So we talked a lot during those two months — about social issues , talking about each specific scene and what it meant . Obviously , [ Baker ] has no connection to this event emotionally , so it was hard for them to understand the gravity of the situation . ”
As is the case with many films directed by actors , the nuanced , emotional performances drive Gook 's story . Chon believes both Baker and Cook are destined to be stars , and critics have celebrated both . Cook creates a multilayered character in Keith . As the actor performs “ thuggish ” actions — like jumping David So 's character and plotting to loot the shoe store — they convey that Keith themselves is also performing , trying to be someone he 's not . To portray vulnerability , even as you sock someone in the face , is extraordinarily difficult .
Since Chon made this Sundance-premiered film on a shoestring budget , he 's still shocked that he 's getting a limited theatrical run . But the warm reception to their passion project is a testament to how sorely needed a story of this kind was . Korean-Americans were hit hard financially during the riots — half of the $ 1 billion of damage was sustained by Korean-owned businesses — and intergenerational conflict from the events still runs deep , as does uneasiness between the city 's African-American and Korean-American communities . “ People shy away from talking about what they actually want to say , ” Chon says . “ We need to respect each other . But if we 're not actually talking , I think it 's just a bunch of tiptoeing around it. ” And Chon , who has relentlessly spoken out about race and discrimination in Hollywood , is the first to say they invite discussion and criticism about the portrayals in their film .
“ Look , we 'd be far better to one another in this country if we just talked , if we hit things head on . ”
An Education expert , Mr Anselm Izuagie , has advised the Federal Government to place emphasis on developing secondary school education in Nigeria in order to properly develop other levels of education .
Izuagie , who is the National President , Association of National Conference of Principals of Secondary Schools ( ANCOPS ) , gave the advice in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN ) in Lagos on Wednesday .
“ Government needs to ensure that the secondary education sector is properly funded and well-developed , as this will ensure proper functioning of the primary as well as the tertiary education sectors .
“ Secondary schools act as intermediary between the primary and the tertiary institutions , which underscores the importance of secondary education .
“ Pupils from primary schools need the secondary schools to advance their education , while the tertiary institutions need the secondary schools to admit new students yearly , ‘ ' they said .
Izuagie advised government to show increased commitment to developing education for improved efficiency , citing issues like low level manpower , inadequate infrastructure , among others , as causes of the low standard of education in Nigeria .
“ The standard of education in Nigeria is still commendable . The rate of development of an average Nigerian child is high and our standard of appreciating education is high .
“ The level of commitment of governments to education and implementation of education policies have fallen and the Federal Government needs to address these .
“ There are issues of low level of manpower , inadequate infrastructure , politicising of education and indiscriminate approvals of private schools .
“ All these should be addressed if government is serious about improving the standard of education in Nigeria , '' they said .
Izuagie advised the Federal Government to set up a Curriculum Department in the Federal Ministry of Education to ensure periodic review of the education curriculum .
“ The ministry of education is supposed to have a curriculum department that will ensure that the school curriculum is reviewed at five-year intervals .
“ The school 's curriculum is an integral aspect of education and its periodic review should be taken more seriously , '' they advised .
NAN reports that Izuagie is also the principal of Saint John 's Boys Secondary School , Fugar , Edo .
That 's the opinion of Reds hero Steve Nicol who believes Jurgen Klopp wants the Brazilian at Anfield .
Liverpool are looking for a goalkeeper as Simon Mignolet and Loris Karius failed to impress last season .
The latter made two horrendous errors in the 3-1 defeat to Real Madrid in the Champions League final .
And Nicol believes Liverpool are now going all out to sign Alisson .
“ Well I 'm not quite sure we need a goalkeeper , ” they said .
Disclaimer : BlueSeventy Swim of the Week is not meant to be a conclusive selection of the best overall swim of the week , but rather one Featured Swim to be explored in deeper detail . The BlueSeventy Swim is an opportunity to take a closer look at the context of one of the many fast swims this week , perhaps a swim that slipped through the cracks as others grabbed the headlines , or a race we did n't get to examine as closely in the flood of weekly meets .
It 's no secret that Sarah Sjostrom is the world 's best sprint butterflyer by a wide margin . But she 's spent the past week proving that they might just be the best sprint freestyler , too .
Sjostrum has rocked the Mare Nostrum series ' first two stops , culminating in a 52.28 swim in the Barcelona 100 freestyle final that holds up as the fourth-best swim of all-time . Two of the swims ahead of them are supersuit-aided 2009 swims from Germany 's Britta Steffen , and Sjostrom is just .22 seconds off the world record set just under a year ago by Cate Campbell .
Here 's a look at the top 5 swims in history :
52.06 Cate Campbell , WR , 2016 52.07 Britta Steffen , 2009 52.22 Britta Steffen , 2009 52.28 , Sarah Sjostrom , 2017 52.33 , Cate Campbell , 2013
With Campbell bowing out of the World Championships this summer , it 's Sjostrom 's event to lose . Only Cate 's sister Bronte has been under 53 seconds this year , and their season-best is 52.85 – a good six tenths back of Sjostrom . Campbell is the defending world champ in the event , but has never been faster than the 52.52 they put up to win that world title in 2015 .
Ever remarkably consistent , Sjostrom has been 52-mid multiple times already this season , and was 52.6 on Sunday night in Monaco . She 's now looking like a threat to become one of the most-decorated female swimmers ever at a single World championship .
Sjostrom holds the world 's # 1 rank in the 50 free , 100 free , 50 fly and 100 fly . It would be beyond shocking to see them lose either of the butterflies , and with Cate Campbell out of the way , there are n't too many key swimmers left with the firepower to challenge them in either freestyle . ( Though those events are always a bit of a toss-up ; how many of us had Kyle Chalmers , Simone Manuel and Penny Oleksiak winning Olympic 100 free titles last summer ? )
Though Sweden did n't win any Olympic relay medals last year , they were finalists in both free relays and 9th in the medley . Between Sjostrom and Michelle Coleman , the Swedes have two stellar legs on any of the three relays , and with Jennie Johansson swimming as fast as they ever has in breaststroke , the medley might be Sweden 's best shot . They won silver in that race in 2015 with a European record , and all four legs should be back this summer .
That means it 's possible Sjostrom could win 4 individual world titles and a relay medal or two . Four golds in Budapest would push them to 8 career golds and 12 career medals at long course World Championships . Only 5 swimmers ( per our research ) have won more than a dozen total World Champs medals . Below are the current lists of most-decorated female athletes from long course World Championships in both total medals and gold medals :
Most Total Medals , Women at LC World Champs
Natalie Coughlin , 20 Missy Franklin , 16 Libby Trickett , 15 Jenny Thompson , 14 Leisel Jones , 14
Most Gold Medals , Women at LC World Champs
Missy Franklin , 11 Katie Ledecky , 9 Libby Trickett , 8 Kornelia Ender , 8 5-way ties at 7
WE MAKE SWIMMERS .
There is n't a second that goes by when the team at blueseventy are n't thinking about you . How you eat , breathe , train , play , win , lose , suffer and celebrate . How swimming is every part of what makes you tick . Aptly named because 70 % of the earth is covered in water , blueseventy is a world leader in the pool and open water . Since 1993 , we design , test , refine and craft products using superior materials and revolutionary details that equate to comfort , freedom from restriction and ultimately a competitive advantage in the water . This is where we thrive . There is no substitute and no way around it . We 're all for the swim .
Visit blueseventy.com/pages/swim to learn more .
blueseventy is a SwimSwam partner .
Katherine Heigl considered quitting Hollywood after rumours of their difficult reputation began .
The actor hit headlines after starring in 2007 comedy Knocked Up , where they played successful E ! News presenter Alison who has their world turned upside down when they fall pregnant after a one-night stand with Seth Rogen 's stoner character Ben .
Katherine later upset Seth and the film 's director Judd Apatow when they called the comedy film “ a little sexist ” , telling Vanity Fair back in 2008 : “ Ninety-eight per cent of the time it was an amazing experience , but it was hard for me to love the movie . ”
Katherine also faced a backlash for declining to submit any of their work from U.S. TV medial drama Grey 's Anatomy episodes for Emmy consideration in 2008 , releasing a statement criticising the material they had been given . “ I did not feel that I was given the material this season to warrant an Emmy nomination , ” they said in the statement .
Despite later apologizing for their gaffes , Katherine struggled to come to terms with the criticism and has revealed in a new interview that they even considered quitting acting .
“ Maybe everybody in their career feels that way , especially when you 've been at it for a really long time , ” the 38-year-old told the Press Association . “ You have these ups and downs and these ebbs and flows .
“ This thing you were once so passionate about and was your heart and soul has now turned on you and it 's your mortal enemy instead of your best friend . I think that 's pretty typical of most people . ”
The mother-of-three added they often overanalysed their previous interviews to see how they could have been misconstrued as being difficult . “ Nobody wants to hear things like that about themselves , ” they said . “ One thing I think I 'm relatively good at is asking myself and truly addressing ; ‘ Is there an issue here ? '
“ You have to be accountable for your behaviour . Now maybe I go a little too far in beating myself up , or self evaluation , or not trusting my own instincts . ”
Katherine has since buried the hatchet with their Knocked Up co-star Seth and director Judd , and even considered working with them again on a sequel to the hit comedy .
“ Would n't that be fun ? What do you think that looks like ? ( Ben and Alison ) 10 years later . Do they have more children ? Have they made it ? Are they still together ? ” Katherine said .
“ Maybe they 're getting separated . That would be depressing though . I would n't want to see that one . ”
Universal Studios Singapore wants visitors to brace themselves for “ infinite fear ” at the 8th edition of its annual scare fest .
Follow our new CNA LIFESTYLE page on Facebook for more trending stories and videos .
SINGAPORE : This year , the 8th instalment of Universal Studios Singapore 's Halloween Horror Nights ( HHN ) will run from Sep 27 to Oct 31 and feature five haunted houses , three live shows and two scare zones .
Advertisement
Taking centre stage will be Asian horror , a proven hit amongst Singaporeans , spread across four haunted houses . Billed as the most interactive haunted house ever created in the history of USS HNN , the vampire-laden secret rooms in Killuminati promises twists , turns , nightmares and mystery with never-before-seen stunts .
The USS Hallowen Horror Nights 2018 pontianak . ( Photo : RWS )
Two other haunted houses will showcase two different iconic ghosts in Asian folklore : the Japanese ghost story of Yotsuya and the legend of the Pontianak .
Visitors will step back in time to the chilling Edo-era of Japan in haunted house that is The Haunting of Oiwa and come face-to-face with Lady Oiwa who returns from the dead seeking revenge after being poisoned by their unfaithful husband .
Advertisement
Advertisement
An artist impression of The Haunting Of Oiwa – a USS Hallowen Horror Nights 2018 haunted house . ( Photo : RWS )
At the Pontianak haunted house , thrill-seekers will enter a Malay village and try to survive the various hair-raising scenes and stories of the infamous long-haired female vampire-ghost .
As CNA Lifestyle previously reported , the highly-anticipated Stranger Things haunted house is a USS first- a collaboration with Netflix 's Stranger Things .
This edition of Halloween Horror Nights sees a collaboration with the creators of Stranger Things to bring iconic scenes from Season 1 to life . ( Photo : Universal Studios Singapore )
The house will feature the most number of thematic rooms to date . Fans will be transported into twelve artfully recreated scenes and storylines , from the menacing Hawkins National Laboratory , to the Byers home adorned with an erratic display of flashing Christmas lights and the eerie Upside Down woods .
Also for the first time , USS will produce a series of short , original horror films leading up to HHN8 . These bite-sized films aim to showcase the riveting stories and iconic supernatural characters of this year 's haunted houses in unique cinematographic styles . These short 3 films will be released between July to August and will be available on Resorts World Sentosa 's Facebook , Instagram , blog , Twitter and YouTube .
Back by popular demand , the interactive zombie laser tag experience returns for the second time , with an arena double the size this year . Teams of eight will work together to fend off and “ kill ” deranged zombies in infested areas with laser tag gear . This experience comes at the additional cost of S $ 38 per participant .
An artist impression of Apocalypse Earth – a USS Hallowen Horror Nights 2018 Scare Zone . ( Photo : RWS )
There are also two western horror-themed scare zones , including Apocalypse : Earth where Mother Earth unleashes their most terrifying force and Cannibal , where visitors can witness an ancient tribe of man-hunters devour bodies of rivals killed in revenge .
Halloween Horror Nights 2018 will run for 18 nights across weekends , including an additional night on Sep 27 . Early bird ticket sales will run from now until Aug 12 August at S $ 55 ( non-peak ) and S $ 65 ( peak ) , while standard event tickets are available at S $ 58 ( non-peak ) and S $ 68 ( peak ) each .
A couple of local dads have started their own pedophile patrol , busting those who prey on children .
A couple of local dads have started their own pedophile patrol , busting those who prey on children . For the past couple of months , they have posted videos on Facebook of those confrontations .
This week , one of those confrontations led to an arrest .
“ She did say that they were that they were underage . I met them on a deal . What are we doing here if she 's underage ? ”
That 's a quote from a video showing 46-year-old Michael Gene Edwards admitting Monday they went to an Oklahoma City gas station to meet what they thought was a 15-year-old girl .
Turns out , it was a trap set by Oklahoma Pedophile Prevention ( OPP ) .
Minutes after the confrontation began , police happened to pull up , found out what was happening and arrested Edwards on a charge of indecent lewd acts to a child .
News 9 went to the home Edwards shares with their mother . `` What they do is their business what I do is my business , ” they said . “ He 's 46 years old , I ca n't control him . ''
The dads who started OPP say they pose as teen girls to lure men into meeting with them , then show the confrontations on Facebook . In all , they 've confronted eight predators since April .
`` Thursday at 10 till Saturday afternoon we had 13 grown men ready to meet up with 15 or younger for sex or had talked about things in a sexual manner , ” said J.T . with OPP .
Russell , who is also with OPP , added , `` We 've had a school janitor . We 've had a registered nurse . We 've had security guards . ''
J.T . said , `` We would love to get them in jail . That 's number one goal is got them off the streets so they ca n't hurt any more children . If we ca n't get them in jail the next best thing is exposing them . ''
Cops say that could be risky .
`` These situations could be incredibly dangerous . We certainly do n't recommend or ask for citizens to ever put themselves in a situation like this , ” said Officer Megan Morgan with the OKC Police Department .
The OPP dads say it 's a risk they 're willing to take .
`` We 're not professional pedophile hunters. ” JT explained , “ We 're a couple of dads that are putting ourselves in the position of , what would we do if it happened to our children ? ''
Click here to check out their videos .
The Independent National Electoral Commission ( INEC ) has fixed Feb. 10 , for re-run election into Mashi/Dutsi Federal Constituency .
The Resident Electoral Commissioner in Katsina State , Alhaji Jibril Zarewa disclosed this on Friday at a press briefing in Katsina .
Zarewa said that election would be conducted in 15 polling units in Mashi and Dusti Local Government Areas of the state as ordered by the Election Petition Tribunal .
They explained that re-run election would be conducted by 130 ad-hoc staff in nine polling units in Mashi local government and six polling units in Dutsi local government .
It would be recalled that Alhaji Mansir Ali-Mashi of APC won the bye-election held on May 20 , 2017 , following the death of the member representing the constituency , Sani Bello .
However , the PDP candidate , Nazifi Yusuf challenged the victory of Ali-Mashi at the tribunal over irregularities in the exercise .
The tribunal consequently cancelled the results of the 15 polling units , and its decision was upheld by the Court of Appeal .
UPDATE : Sunday , March 18 , 5:00 P.M .
Breaking news : Kate Middleton 's absolutely iconic Issa dress—the one that they wore for their engagement photos , which lead to a massive rush on orders , which indirectly led to the downfall of the company , which , wow—is back on the racks . And it has n't aged a bit .
Now named the Kate Tie Wrap Dress after guess who , it 's sold at House of Fraser , a British department store chain—but do n't worry , they ship internationally . The new version comes in a few styles : flowing skirt as in the O.G . incarnation or fitted skirt , and printed fabrics or jewel-tone solids among them ( below , the original is pictured in emerald ) .
It 's also going for about $ 140 , which , considering the original $ 535 price tag , is n't exactly horrible—especially considering how versatile and , apparently , timeless it is .
Considering its history , it 's no surprise that House of Fraser already seems to be struggling to keep it in stock . Scoop it up now—or cross your fingers for a reorder soon .
Original Story :
In the simpler times of 2010 , a certain not-yet-Duchess of Cambridge Kate Middleton and Prince William had just announced their engagement —and with the picture , a certain knee-length $ 535 navy blue dress by a label called Issa suddenly became It dresses . Neiman Marcus ordered 1,110 items from the line 's designer , Daniella Helayel , in one order , and Helayel 's line became beloved by celebrities like Scarlett Johansson , Keira Knightley , Jennifer Hudson , and Jennifer Lopez . For non-A-list women , Issa 's ultra-flattering silk-jersey wrap dress became an instant classic that could go from work to cocktails—enough so that Issa was being sold in 43 countries . But just a few years later , Helayel and Issa disappeared from the fashion world .
If you ever wondered what happened to them , you 're not alone . In an interview with the Daily Mail , and on the brink of debuting their new label , Helayel explained exactly what happened when the Kate Effect struck . At the time of Middleton 's engagement , Helayel had just 25 staff members and three pattern cutters in their West London studio—and the label was `` on the verge of financial crisis , '' Helayel told the Mail . `` Issa was a niche brand ; we had a loyal following , but in 2008 and 2009 we were in serious financial trouble . When Kate wore that dress , everything changed . ''
When the engagement photos came out , the phones began ringing—Helayel says they had no idea Middleton would be wearing the dress .
`` That morning I 'd gone to yoga as usual , and then I got a call from a friend telling me about the royal engagement . It was all very exciting , '' Helayel said . `` We did n't have a TV at the studio and this was pre-Instagram , but we soon knew Kate was wearing Issa because at four o'clock the phones began ringing and did n't stop . It was bonkers . ''
Five minutes later the dress was sold out—and reorders were pouring in . Ironically that 's when the trouble started .
`` From the day of the royal engagement our sales doubled , '' said Helayel . `` I did n't have the money to finance production on that scale . The bank refused to give me credit , and the factory was screaming for me to pay its bills . I needed an investor . ''
Camilla Al-Fayed , a friend of the designer 's since age 19 , offered to buy a 51 percent stake in the company , and in July 2011 , it was official . Although things were good in the beginning , a new CEO was hired in 2012 , and Helayel left the business as creative director in May 2013 . Two years later the label shuttered .
`` I left because I could n't take any more , '' Halayel told the Mail . `` I felt so stressed that my hair went white and started falling out . I was broken by the end of it . I had a great business , which I 'd built up on my own over a decade . To watch it evaporate was heartbreaking . I took two years out and did n't design a thing . It was too painful . I do n't think people realise how much I suffered , but I have always believed that what does n't kill you makes you stronger . I did a lot of yoga , I travelled to Los Angeles and Asia , and went back to see my family in Brazil . ''
The good news ? After all of that , Helayel is back—and with a brand-new label called Dhela . It 's a portmanteau of their first and last names , and their spring/summer and fall/winter collections number 80 and 100 pieces respectively . See a few pieces below :
Loading View on Instagram
Loading View on Instagram
Loading View on Instagram
Loading View on Instagram
Loading View on Instagram
Loading View on Instagram
Loading View on Instagram
For women who loved Issa , they 'll be able to find traces of it in Dhela . `` ‘ It was a lot of clothes to make , but it felt like a healing process , '' said Helayel . `` There are hints of Issa in my new label , but updated and matured . Jersey will always figure in my collections , although recently I 've become very interested in knitwear . ''
Hopefully that means there 's more to come—and we 're glad to know that Helayel is doing what she 's obviously talented at once again .
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she 's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women .
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she 's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women .
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea 's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea 's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North 's Kim Jong-un .
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North 's Kim Jong-un .
US delegation holds talks with North Korean officials in DMZ
US delegation holds talks with North Korean officials in DMZ
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said `` those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today '' and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said `` those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today '' and then cited the economy
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Starbucks closes thousands of stores , asking employees to talk about race
Starbucks closes thousands of stores , asking employees to talk about race
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being `` complacent '' this fall
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being `` complacent '' this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney , Michael Cohen , are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney , Michael Cohen , are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Officials from across the nation are checking out a prison program that can serve as a model for treating young adult offenders .
Officials from across the nation are checking out a prison program that can serve as a model for treating young adult offenders .
Prison unit for young inmates seen as national model
Prison unit for young inmates seen as national model
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump 's personal lawyer .
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump 's personal lawyer .
Judge : June 15 deadline in study of materials in Cohen raids
Judge : June 15 deadline in study of materials in Cohen raids
Republican Gov . Greg Abbott has dozens of recommendations to make schools safer following the deadly shooting at a Texas high school .
Republican Gov . Greg Abbott has dozens of recommendations to make schools safer following the deadly shooting at a Texas high school .
Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom , hoping to get their appeal moved to a different judge and a new trial .
Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom , hoping to get their appeal moved to a different judge and a new trial .
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments , improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams , but experts say they would likely only go to prison if evidence shows their actions went beyond dubious doctoring .
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments , improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams , but experts say they would likely only go to prison if evidence shows theirs actions ...
( AP Photo/Richard Vogel ) . People enter the University of Southern California 's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles , Tuesday , May 22 , 2018 . Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b ...
( AP Photo/Richard Vogel ) . People enter the University of Southern California 's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles , Tuesday , May 22 , 2018 . Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b ...
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL 's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $ 1 billion concussion settlement .
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL 's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $ 1 billion concussion settlement .
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session .
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session .
Judge blocked California law on life-ending drugs . Now what ?
Judge blocked California law on life-ending drugs . Now what ?
AP-NORC/MTV poll : Young people feel more empowered in politics as midterms loom .
AP-NORC/MTV poll : Young people feel more empowered in politics as midterms loom .
( AP Photo/Joe Skipper ) . FILE - In this March 24 , 2018 file photo , people take part in a `` March For Our Lives '' rally Saturday , March 24 , 2018 , in Parkland , Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal ...
( AP Photo/Joe Skipper ) . FILE - In this March 24 , 2018 file photo , people take part in a `` March For Our Lives '' rally Saturday , March 24 , 2018 , in Parkland , Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal ...
Poll : More young people say politicians care what they think
Poll : More young people say politicians care what they think
Two of Harvey Weinstein 's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to their arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards .
Two of Harvey Weinstein 's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to their arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards .
( AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews ) . Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow , second from right , their mother Mia Farrow , far right , Anabella Sciorra , far left , and Rosanna Arquette , second from left , two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi ...
( AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews ) . Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow , second from right , their mother Mia Farrow , far right , Anabella Sciorra , far left , and Rosanna Arquette , second from left , two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi ...
The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney , saying an ABC television special on the singer 's last days infringed on its intellectual property .
The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney , saying an ABC television special on the singer 's last days infringed on its intellectual property .
( AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews ) . Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow , arrives for the 2018 Pulitzer Prize winners awards luncheon at Columbia University , Wednesday May 30 , 2018 , in New York .
( AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews ) . Annabella Sciorra , left , stands with Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow , second from left , Rosanna Arquette , and Farrow 's mother Mia Farrow , right , as they arrive for the 2018 Pulitzer Prize winners award ...
( AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews ) . Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow , center , Annabella Sciorra , left , and Rosanna Arquette , right , arrive for the 2018 Pulitzer Prize winners awards luncheon at Columbia University , Wednesday May 30 , 2018 , ...
( AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews ) . Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow , second from right , their mother Mia Farrow , far right , Anabella Sciorra , far left , and Rosanna Arquette , second from left , two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi ...
NEW YORK ( AP ) - Two of Harvey Weinstein 's accusers have watched from the audience as journalists whose work led to their arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards .
The New York Times and The New Yorker magazine received the gold medal for public service Wednesday for reporting on decades of sexual abuse allegations against the Hollywood mogul .
The stories by Jodi Kantor and Megan Twohey of The Times and Ronan Farrow for The New Yorker sparked the # MeToo movement .
Joining the luncheon at Columbia University in support of the journalistic work were Rosanna Arquette and Annabella Sciorra . The actores are among those who have accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct , allegations they deny .
Farrow was also joined by their mother , actor Mia Farrow .
Rapper-songwriter Kendrick Lamar was there to pick up their Pulitzer Prize for music .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
